Should you use "internal abbreviations" in code comments?
benchmarks for quasi real-time software
Silent Crash of WPF/VB.net 2010 based application
Can I change the name of a project in codeplex before publishing?
Is it common/correct using MVVM to expect multiple views and corresponding view-models for a particular model?
What is a good pattern for combined caching and reinitialization?
Who Owns an Idea on the Web?
How to keep management out of our development process
Do I need to upgrade log4j to slf4j
suggestions for staff id authentication
How to generate nonce for Ajax web requests
Nurturing creativity
How to best organize multiple WebProjects that use similar business logic
What is "lambda" code?
Evolution of my MVC design with new UI complexity
Applying RESTful design to an entire website?
How to output library test/benchmark data in a web framework?
Dealing with resistance to testing code
How can one use git-flow effectively on a project in which more than one major version is being maintained?
BizSpark and SQL Server already present. Can and should we move to OSS?
What do you call a cron that cksums all your files and writes them to a database?
Non-OOP Design Patterns?
Python syntax highlighting on Codeplex
Alternative patterns for web development? (non-MVC)
How to decide between using an existing eCommerce solution and building your own?
Unit Testing: Should we care about distinguishing between Mocks and Stubs?
Where can I get beta testers for a software library?
Moving from a traditional waterfall methodology to an agile one
Should I represent the Database in my use cases?
What encryption method should I use?
Performance issues when parsing code
When and why you should use void (instead of e.g. bool/int)
Procedural Code vs OOP code
Prefered way to declare events
What I need to do to learn Quality Assurance?
planning a full scale web application
Good references on app pricing?
Can one forget programming if it is not practiced for some time?
Vector operations: vec1.dot(vec2) vs vec1 * vec2 vs dot(vec1, vec2)
Use of the Visitor pattern and possible over engineering
MVC 3 - Any new features to explore for an existing MVC 2 application?
Is it ok to use localized character encodings for code?
Do you do the exercises when reading a book?
Is it ok to store code and use it later?
When to deprecate and when to delete in Java
Do you also forget the code after getting the task done?
How to approach documentation translation for an open source project?
When, if ever, can code standards be ignored?
How should I design a PHP class autoloader?
Learning Test Driven Development
How to represent an agile project to people focused on waterfall
How will closures in Java impact the Java Community?
Coaxing requirements out of business people?
How do you handle database change deployments?
Programming languages differences and efficiency, does it matter?
Should framework classes (e.g. .NET, Java) be included in UML diagram?
How to Identify Bugs
When do you not give help to less experienced programmers?
What's the best way to store documentation associated with a code project?
Is it ever a good idea to hardcode values into our applications?
Using SSIS, any good tutorials
Client Portal Review Software
What's good practice for holding a very short, predefined set of data?
Should I keep all my class definitions in the same class library?
What is the best way to store files when using winforms and web?
Server requests optimisation - size vs frequency
Is the synchronized keyword,still used/needed in java?
At what point do immutable classes become a burden?
How do you convince coworkers/stakeholders to try new technologies?
What makes a great user management interface great?
Do you spend your working hours on learning?
Where can I get the code I write on my own for practice evaluated?
Tricky logic puzzles - Are they really useful in assessing programming skills?
New to a project , how to deal with it?
Best existing license for closed-source code
Why do we call it "production"?
Indenting/breaking jquery chains for readability
When is it appropriate to use a bitwise operator in a conditional expression?
Mimic the functionality of Urban Airship
Licensing for code that I find in forums or on SO?
Universal Standards for Data Interchange - Do they exist and do you follow them?
What am I supposed to take away from the term Routed Events?
Difference Between Software Development and Production?
Namespaces just seem to be making things more complicated. Am I missing something?
Why are inheritance and polymorphism so widely used?
How can I get programmers to stop writing code vulnerable to SQL injection?
In DVCS with production and development branches, whats the master/default branch?
How do handle developer keys that are supposed to be non human readable in your app? (example: specific conflict with twitter api and twitter gem)
Is a genetic algorithm a correct approach to this problem?
Case studies for successful service (project) based software development businesses without constant overtime from its employees
How well defined should a software product be before starting to code?
Is it practical to retroactively write specifications documenting a system via automated acceptance tests?
How do you accurately create estimates for programming projects given to you?
Can a CS degree benefit an older programmer?
Convincing a Client to Offer a RESTful Web Service instead of a SOAP Service?
Any programming language can be mastered easily if the fundamentals of programming are strong. A fact or a myth?
What is the most pragmatic & basic UI pattern to follow for Silverlight and/or WPF
Classic ASP to ASP.net or ASP.net MVC
Why would you use built-in WebDev instead of local IIS
Why hasn't a faster, "better" language than C come out?
A software architecture document should present the technology used?
Naming convention for associative entity
Are there any surveys regarding Scrum efficiency?
Code licensing question. Client stole my code
Correct way to handle sample logins or test accounts
Does (/could) an LGPL-based license exist without clause 4d?
Hibernate building HQL queries
Generate a productive environment when developers have different opinions
Who is responsible for software licensing in ITIL?
What is the proper way to handle this workflow in TFS
How do you manage minor changes that you want to keep local in mercurial?
What is the datastore used by Google for Google Instant?
Code smells in Android?
Good extension name for a war file with source
Which reporting tool you prefer for a web-based application?
How should i set up my source folder?
Avoid becomming a "Theoretician" programmer
How do you remember encapsulation types for effective use?
Product demo and .net
Database abstraction -- is it being overdone?
Working code and user needs
Should you create a boolean function that does the opposite of an existing function just so its purpose is clear?
What's a good question to measure the candidate's capacity to abstract?
What's the canonical retort to "it's open source, submit a patch"?
How do I move into consulting/building apps for small-to-mid businesses?
Self-updating application - philosophy
What should a programmer know about IIS and various protocols (tcp, http, etc.) when developing web apps and services, etc.?
What is the best way to have security auditing done?
what counts as "experience" with a particular language?
Is there a software development methodology that is best suited for iPhone Development?
Should I re-architect client's web app?
What techniques should be used to ensure clear communication from the customer?
Are all dirty fixes created equal?
Naming of types, classes and exceptions sometimes go wrong
What is the use-case to use C++ friend class?
How to decide between storage formats and what are example use cases for some of them?
A combined if/switch statement syntax with exception handling for a C#-inspired language
Recommended guidelines for Mercurial setups
Is listing developer's full names in splash screen or about box still a widely spread and desirable practice?
Sell a web app with limit per client?
Ideal way to define a table or grid in XML?
Whats the logic behind making ViewBag a dynamic object in ASP.NET MVC 3
C# Coding Standard - Position of Attribute in relation to Target
Static classes and/or singletons -- How many does it take to become a code smell?
Interesting variations of FizzBuzz?
Javascript, functional programming and parallel processing
Escaping strings in database layer
Is programming in Python faster than in C, C++ or Java?
How do you ascertain the quality of a potential employer's code before you take a position?
where to allocate the room for new enviroment variable?
Android development & hardware testing - Which handsets & tests? What are the best options/deals?
Must a programmer learn text editors like Emacs and Vim? How important are they?
Different customers in the same ASP.NET solution?
What is an algorithm?
which license fits my needs?
What are some good JAIN SLEE related books?
Where can I host my JSP+Java Web application?
Storing credit card information: Looking for a creative solution
What is the benefit of git's two-stage commit process (staging)?
Is quitting the only reasonable response to this situation?
The role of determination of the variable type (floating point or fixed point) in program performance
What to plan before starting development on a project?
Connecting to users local machine from my WebApp
How to get started in opensource projects and programs
Using C++ / Java to develop software for commercial purpose
Strategy for designing a plugin API
Pair Swapping: What are the Pros and Cons?
git for personal (one-man) projects. Overkill?
What kind of Web development projects benefit from using ORM?
How to choose a the correct license for a project?
How to show someone of the power of model-view-controller design pattern?
Is there an official standard regarding user password storage practices?
How does thinking on design patterns and OOP practices change in dynamic and weakly-typed languages?
Is it recommendable to program .net apps with C++
What is pattern based programming?
Is there an accepted term for a DSL implemented in a "standard" programming language?
What's the best way to estimate story points in scrum?
Naming your software and uniqueness
How do you outsource website design?
Why do Wordpress & Drupal serialize the DB data?
Code and intellectual property
Approaches that cater for poor connectivity
Resharper - Benefits
Looking for suggestions for starting and managing a programmer user group
When to go Fluent in C#?
Are outdated comments an urban myth?
How to explain OOP to a matlab programmer?
How do you automatically test a time check?
How does enterprise level Flash development work?
How to auto-format and auto-capitalize SQL in Vim
Programmers doing testing
C++ and the use of old Visual Studio versions
Questions and Concerns About Using Java/Tomcat and Apache
Why does the Java collections APIs not have a last method?
Genetic programming
Inspiration resources for desktop UI design
What's the canonical retort to “You can't submit a patch to this open source project because you're not a committer”?
Scheme vs Haskell for an Introduction to Functional Programming?
What deters developers from using automated refactoring tools?
How do you incorporate GTD into your daily programming tasks?
How much code does one have to derive from another source before the license rules are applicable?
Is TOS Necessary?
Which is more valuable in product development: an action-oriented or visionary bent?
Workflow on Development and Production Servers for a Consistently Updating Website
Why was Scala not implemented with C or C++
What does the word Relational in "Relational Database" imply?
How do I become a real expert?
What is the history of the use of "foo" and "bar" in source code examples?
Why does not thinking about a bug sometimes help you solve it?
Picking powers of two for sizes/limits
What process/guidelines should be followed, when I am about to deprecate a few methods from my service classes in Java?
Is 'Aurora' a good release paradigm?
Unit testable code: method visibility vs test complexity
Senior Interview LINQ questions
Proper way to "say" Big-O notation?
How do you read other's code?
What are the main things a programmer expects from the senior programmer?
Company namespace in web applications
Pure vs Applied Math For Programmers
Questions for Architecture with Ruby and Java
Is JRuby like RubyMRI but better, or are there some things it lacks?
Why don't software vendors use existing scheduling facilities for automatic upgrades?
Do you write Documentation in a language other than English?
What are good reasons to use explicit interface implementation for the sole purpose of hiding members?
VB6 to .Net 4.0 Conversion 3rd party tools
What Impact Do Scripting Languages Have on Junior Programmers?
MS-Access to Sharepoint conversion?
Why are C++ template error messages so horrific?
What do you think of an interpreter written in Java?
Best way to create a web interface to query a particular database
How much better is Apache Solr than its non-Java competition?
Are Chrome Developer Tools an adequate substitute for Firebug?
Has anyone used a Stub in production code?
What are my options? - Separating out the UI
So what happens with closed-source law?
What is so difficult about pointers/recursion?
Should I be coding this myself?
What is the regarded current best practises regarding the "this" keyword in front of field and methods in c#?
Is imperative style programming (say with Java/C) more error prone than something more declarative
What is the Most Expedient Way to Make Legacy Code Conform to 'The Principle of Proximity'?
Are gimmicks ever a good idea?
Returning from a long function on the first false condition
Idea for CAPTCHA
What is your suggestion to write clean and well organized php code?
What are the drawbacks to the ActiveRecord pattern?
Command line options style - POSIX or what?
Contracting outside of full time contracting job
Apache Wave API
Is there a name for the concept of a hierarchy of many short methods in a class
Starting new project with TDD
Why does the Perl community have such a bad reputation?
How Do I Become a More Autonomous and Self-Sufficient Programmer?
Maintaining Method Signatures across languages?
Preparing For a New Programming Project
Optimizing programs by identifying and taking evaluation (calculation) shortcuts
Can memristors change programming paradigms? In what way?
Credibility of Windows azure architect program from Sundblad & Sundblad
How do you know what a program needs to do to complete a given task?
Preparation for Ph.D
How do I know that the freelancer (Developer) gave me my money's worth?
How can I prepare for an interview over TeamViewer and Skype?
Implementation of communication between packages (Java)
Costs of Switching to Java
Is Ubuntu workable as a laptop for an IT consultant?
What language does Introduction to Algorithms by Cormen use?
Why would you want to look at IL code?
Is there an appropriate use for #define for constants?
Why isn't anyone talking about parallel compilation for .Net?
Using CSS classes as decorators - a good pattern?
How do I get people to contribute ideas for my .NET library?
Use of past tense (passive voice) to connote immutability? (E.g. Array.Transposed vs. Array.Transpose)
What design would you propose to log reporting data so that the capture of, say, an additional form field can implemented easier?
GCC vs clang/LLVM -- pros and cons of each
Kaizen in DevOps methodology?
Most Efficient Cache Replacement Algorithm
How do I set up my "personal" library?
Why are structs/arrays zero based?
What should I name these methods?
Good way to document your software (product)?
is PERT/CPM still being used?
Why do programming languages generate method signatures without regard to the return type?
When the current sprint consists of mostly spikes, should the sprint be shortened?
Automatic source code generation -- good idea or potential nightmare?
How big is the gap between what you learn in CS curriculums and what you need in real life projects?
Are web applications limited by the amount of memory or by the speed of the database server on the server side?
SQL problems and answers book for a functioning SQL programmer
Will hand-written assembly disappear?
DDD – A rookie’s unanswered questions
What does "flatten" mean?
Looking for web languages performance comparison
How is leaving on time perceived in software companies?
Planning Before Starting a Project
Is there a clear leader amongst JVM-based languages?
What's the most polite way to handle library dependencies when hosting code online?
Should I let my users write BnfExpressions to extend my grammar?
Wondering if my computer books from 2002/2003 are still useful?
How to use Open Source Licenses and what do you recommend to me
Is objected oriented programming paradigm outdated since it is anti-modular and anti-parallel?
How does one think about object oriented design and Aspect oriented Design  for  solution
Scheme and Functional programming is to "Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs" as Prolog and Logic programming is to what book?
Are design patterns really essential nowadays?
What a Site Needs To Be Considered a WebApp?
Function before design, or a little of both?
What should I consider before creating a Silverlight website?
Windows 7 Phone -- what version of Visual Studio to use?
If I post my source code on a public site, does that automatically make it open source or do I still preserve my rights?
What repercussions a developer might expect after informing current employer that he is active in the job market?
I feel stuck in the center of Python, How to get past beginner
focusing on a language itself VS focusing on language + CS
I feel that my manager slows my work, how to deal with it?
Should I provide some way to disable my software post-delivery?
What naming Convention to Use for C# Function Parameters
'<' versus '!=' as condition in a 'for' loop?
When should you move the post-statement of a 'for' loop inside the actual loop?
Which mobile development platform is easiest to develop?
What is good programming practice for structuring java project?
Loops in real-life problems
One controller per page or many pages in one controller?
What does "downstream/upstream design" mean?
Need to include Calendar and Email in own CRM system. Whose?
Making a virtual supercomputer with distributed P2P computing
How do I get my open-source idea started?
What do I ask previous programmer for in web maintenance takeover?
Metaobject protocol:Why is it known as an important concept
Why do programmers still use mailing lists?
Should a developer be allowed to use VSS if he prefers it?
What benefit do I get from good methodology?
Good use of wrapper functions?
In MVC where do you put action methods for views in the shared directory?
Does code generation increase the code quality?
When to write Abstract code and when to be more specific?
Why aren't all programs being turned into web apps?
Small refactorings on a poor codebase?
Code reviewing in the presence of strong type inference and basic editors
Conquering Complexity: Valuable techniques
Functional Programming on the rise?
How can I get free artwork for my free software?
Feature Driven Development in the work place?
What cannot be unit-tested in mobile app?
Changing OS parameters from Java source code
Should one Consider Periods in "Year of Experience" while actually not Coding on regular basis
Good references for End User documentation examples and advise
How would you answer this job-interview question?
Functional language with C-like syntax
What are the advantages of the Unified Software Development Process?
Do functional programming languages have more opportunity to do compile time optimization?
Is it necessary to have an Android device to learn programming for the Android?
How do programmers deal with low level software development in high level languages?
What are the barriers to adopting best practice? How can they be overcome?
Applicability of the Joel Test to web development companies
Why atoms/symbols?
Are there any A.I. resources that explain the concepts and present source code?
Analysing Group & Individual Member Performance -RUP
MVC : Fully populated models or Partially Filled Models?
Does pair programming ever turn into lengthy unproductive discussion?
NP complete or NP hard problems in real life
Why use partial classes?
How do I follow DRY when documenting module structure and interfaces?
Why are websites (even this one) sometimes "Down for Maintenance"?
How detailed is the estimate you show your customers?
Bridging the gap between computer science research and software engineering
Java and JVM license
Quick OOAD Question
What is the best value to use for id in an ActiveRecord pattern (PHP)
What should I expect from my first programming job?
General knowledge about building businesses applications for (small) businesses?
Would it be ok if I decide to write all my Ruby as if it were Haskell?
Dissidence between program leader and me, what should I do?
What is the difference between a non-functional requirement and a quality attribute?
Are you obliged to provide old employers with access to protected resources?
Legal Requirements for Software Makers
Code Reviews, what are the advantages?
How to get GPS enabled device angle
What is considered a suitable notice period for a software developer?
Using single characters for variable names in loops/exceptions
How does a website become hackable?
Which websites to use for presenting free open source applications?
How to explain to non-programmers that programming is not a repetitive task?
Best online reference guide for gcc
Setting Up a Development Environment
Have you ever dealt with writing a spec late in the development lifecycle?
How do "You Ain't Gonna Need it" and "Now is better than never" play together?
Python Metadata Files and Project Organization
Does current evidence support the adoption of Contextual over Canonical Data Models?
What are the security risks/vulnerabilities every C programmer must be aware of?
With all of these services, how can I not be anemic?
Dependency Injection and method signatures
Developing Android apps for someone else
Is developing games the best way to learn programming?
Could developers learn anything from studying malware?
Comparing features in a asp.net web application using different database methodologies
Subversion/source control only for production code?
Scrum for a single programmer?
Are there tasks which require significantly less work with Ruby than C# 4.0?
Getting involved with an Open Source Project
Can I integrate software under Creative Common for commercial gain?
How to network with other developers?
What's the ideal length of the sprint review/retrospective based on the length of the iteration?
PocoCapsule project status
Delegate pattern for retrieving data v.s. using simple setters
infrastructure software/technologies for developing web service
Trademark question: naming an app after a common noun when an app from another store uses it
Interested in a million things, have a million goals: how to choose what to focus on
What should be done with code that has reached end of life?
Steps in creating a Complex Web Application
What should I study to be able to join a C++ open source project?
What are things to be taken care of before putting your app in android market?
Has the license changed for the parts of BOOST that have been accepted into C++11?
So they're trying to pull me into management
Source code stolen\hacked by rival company
can a regex search engine for the web be done and if so, how?
What parts of my configuration and my code should I not post?
How many skills should I list on my resume, CV?
How to avoid shooting yourself in the foot when using closure in JavaScript
Is it possible for a one-man start-up to follow agile methods like Scrum?
What is a Neural Network in simple words
Is the link between C# programming language and music obvious for English native speaker?
Is a small demo a good idea for an interview?
Is ASP.NET MVC slow as compared to traditional approach?
If you use multiple computers, how do you sync everything?
What are the benefits of not having logic within integration tests?
Refactoring Bittersweet PHP: How can I make this less painful?
How do I properly design a many-to-many (charges/payments) accounting system?
Are There Any Programming Focused Notebooks?
graph data structure in Java (or Python)
Standardised Programming Techniques / Procedures
Why do certain code elements (classes, methods etc.) in public APIs get deprecated over time?
How to architect a website's presentation layer?
As a beginning programmer, should I favor building my own libraries over using 3rd-party libraries?
Should a manager (or CEO)  in an IT company have an IT background to perform in the organization?
Is it wrong to copy ideas from other languages?
How do you diagram global or shared state?
Cross-library and cross-programming-environment support
Is "Hiring only the Best" a really practical advice for normal desktop application programming?
How to browse an open source project efficiently?
Version control management of large projects
At what point should developers become involved in a triangular relationship among the client, the design agency, and the developers themselves?
Delegate Pattern : Delegate or Delegator?
Why is Google blocking users from accessing their local file system in Chromium?
Can Java be considered a managed programming language?
Packaging F#/C# Application
Being the only developer and its consequences
UML modeling tool for Linux
How important is working with a team?
Grateful for opinions on Language and Framework for my Windows Application
.NET Properties - Use Private Set or ReadOnly Property?
Examples of permission-based authorization systems in .NET?
Writing code vs Figuring out the answer to a problem?
Hiring a programmer much more qualified & experienced than yourself?
Topics for development team cross training sessions
FPGA device + networking + software kit
How do you design programs in Haskell or other functional programming languages?
What are the pros and cons of Coffeescript?
Programmatically create header file
How to abbreviate variable names
How To Effectively Set Deadline Times As A Freelance or Home-based Developer
copyright notice for client work
Framework / platform for a .NET user group
How can I overcome a badly structured software development model?
3-Tier Object-Oriented Design Flaw?
Are There Any Flaws With This Git Branching Model?
How do you handle dependant stories in scrum?
Correct architecture for running and stopping complex tasks in the background
Is it bad to do more than one story at a time in scrum?
Branching model suggestion for same project multiple clients
My first SLA(Service level agreement ) as a freelancer
Implications of crediting a book source in a code file available under an open license
Should I invest time learning Coffeescript?
Making sure nobody has created an app for something before?
Is it good to publish the software and development technologies?
How permissive should a language be about identifiers?
Git Project Dependencies on GitHub
How do you identify "edge" cases on algorithms?
Does "Inversion of Control" promote "Anemic Domain Model"?
Are wikis really appropriate to store documents for software development?
Two related, but independent projects -- Two repositories or one?
How do you make people accept code review?
Is it appropriate to only release the GPL-licensed part of the code as open source?
GPL modify code
GPL Confusion (I made a mistake)
GPL copyright notice
How much is Google investing in the Go language?
What would make you adopt a language with very few resources and tools, barely any libraries and more or less no other users for a project?
Could Go work with other user interfaces than Web?
Declaration vs. Prototype vs. Symbol vs. Definition vs. Implementation
Will a copyrighted code get into public domain once its copyright expires?
Network application framework/API/etc
What does Douglas Crockford mean when he says jQuery doesn't scale?
How do people make money by writing programming languages?
When does freelancing become a start-up?
Which "ebook" format for digitizing/coding project?
What should I know before starting a software company?
Realistic time to learn new framework/API
How do I subcontract with another programmer?
Dive into Field of Information Security?
Approach to learning .NET?
What best practices should be employed in a PHP login script?
JavaScript Architecture, Tools, Compatibility and Pitfalls
Am I wasting my time building eCommerce website?
When designing a protocol, is it better for a method to accept a single object of a specific type, or an array?
What are DRY, KISS, SOLID, etc. classified as?
Make my project Open Source but protect my Company
How do you keep your customers informed about the exact time you spent on their projects?
How productive is an excellent developer compared to an average one?
Company sends debug versions of software to clients
Mobile App Development Language Converter?
What are some really tough programming books?
Centralised Integration framework
The need for source control software - Team Foundation Server? or something different?
Can you prototype a complex system change?
Choosing a particular stack because of the IDE, tools and ease setting up the dev env
How do you deal with an information hoarder?
Software technical and project specification: How to?
Desktop GUI Design/Prototype/Mockup/Wireframe
"Pythonic" equivalent term for code written in modern C++ style?
What is a hack?
Is there a defined way to create a commit history for Git
What should I consider when converting from ASCII to Unicode?
ColdFusion 9 - Using LOCAL Scope
What is a good method to do lightweight architecture evaluation?
Can I redistribute simplified BSD code?
Ideal data structure for storing map data?
What if the client needs the ability to retrieve passwords?
Is there any legislation requiring how we store passwords?
Code review guidelines for CSS, JS and HTML
Functional as a first language
Communication between teams in the same company
What are some good books to use to learn ADA?
what do database programmers do?
How to manage maintenance
Writing an (end-) user documentation
What skill set should an engineer have in order to build a large social networking site?
What is the best practice to develop a visual component in Flex Hero?
Platform Independency Vs Architecture Neutrality
How to teach your users/customers to send better error descriptions
How to avoid being overwhelmed when doing code review?
Does compliance to WCAG 1 AA prevent the use of Javascript?
How do you get consistency in source code / UI without stifling developer's creativity?
Feeling well out of my depth
How can I manage a central repository of documentation?
Does the advent of the SSD have any implication for database optimization?
H.264 documentation and ressources
What sort of role does "language cultural history" play with a platform?
Minimum billable time unit - industry standard for contract programming?
is there an “app store” for regular pc apps?
Should a EULA be translated?
What determines when an application requires mvvm?
What are the pros and cons of outsourcing development and testing to two different companies?
How can I get the word out about a new (open-source) library I've developed?
TFS - web sites based under IIS - how to handle branching
Complexity point of no return. What do you call that?
What are "User Process Components"?
How to experiment with GPU programming on Linux+AMD/ATI card?
Do you run production boxes with logs completely turned off?
How can a maintenance-only programmer get a raise?
What Are The Uses of Algebraic Data Types?
Computational intensive application: loading vs. querying database
What to do if the interviewer does not give you enough time to answer?
Where can I ask for an accessibility review for a site?
Does language endorsement by different platforms (Android, iOS) hurt app development?
Public domain contributions to open source projects
How do you track common, but rarely used code?
What have you seen go wrong when introducing SCRUM?
What kind of bug is this?
Best approach for bidding a project
What language to use for prototyping and creating quick scripts?
if ('constant' == $variable) vs. if ($variable == 'constant')
Does anyone have insight into whether MonoDroid is really dead?
Is it legal for me to contribute to open source software while employed?
Tool to manage requirements throughout a software development lifecycle
How likely is it for a programmer to become a good designer?
How do I determine which language/framework is best for our web-based project?
What does Dijkstra mean when he recommends an exceptionally good mastery of one's native tongue?
How secure is localstorage?
How about multiple bits performance in common databases?
Why is it considered a best practice to package the program code and the graphical interface code in different classes?
How to improve programming skills as a Junior without Senior
Introducing a new JVM programming language into an established enterprise environment
What advantage is there in pairing when programming that there isn't when pairing in other jobs?
How to justify framework upgrades
Introducing functional programming into your development environment
Start reading Ruby (on Rails) code
Is Open Market Code Review a Good Idea?
How do you break down a new project with an existing mega PHP site?
How do other people keep code current accross multiple machines? (something other than DropBox)
The importance of Design Patterns with Javascript, NodeJs et al
Has anyone successfully used Windows Workflow for a Business Rules/Validation engine?
When designing data models for JPA, what's the best way to make use of polymorphism?
Where do you store your builds?
how to use version control
Do Makefiles Matter?
Un-Explainable Bugs?
Should I continue using procedural php code or move to a framework
How Do You Organize Your ASP.NET MVC 3 Applications?
Why would I care about the asymptotic growth of the lower bound of the worst case time/space?
A Crash Course in ASP.NET
What is the historical basis of using Javascript in web programming?
Distributed Version-Control for Small Projects
Why does Ubuntu have a 6-month release cycle?
Shouldn't the lazy evaluation/execution be syntactically differentiated from eager evaluation/execution in C#?
Am I competing with a client? is it fair?
Proper syntax formatting for SQL?
Allow Administrator users to login as other users
When to use RCP?
Google App. Engine for RoR and Python apps
Demand of other frameworks in the market. Should a job-seeker go after them?
Avoiding problems when copying code
Looking for Case Studies of How TDD Improved Quality and/or Speed of Development
Good questions to ask the CEO and CTO of a start-up during an interview
Is Flash an Appropriate Platform for Enterprise Level MLS Systems?
Is there such a thing as staying in a job too long?
What can / should be done with regular expressions?
Do I need to contact a lawyer to report a GPL violation in software distributed on Apple's App Store?
c# interview with a programming task
Software licensing and Copyright of Open source
Which technology for cross-platform web/desktop-based hotel management software
An alternative to requiring red in TDD: reverting code change?
Is performance engineering a different specialization from general software development?
Can software performance monitoring/profiling be automated to a high degree, as in unit testing?
Can you Improve your programming skills by learning other language paradigms?
Scaling Up applications
Does profiling without benchmarking lead to micro-optimization?
How to apply OOP, SOLID principles and Design Patterns in a library which does parallel processing without the caller's knowledge?
What are the characteristics for a good report generation software for reporting and tracking software benchmarking results?
How to get good scenario coverage in performance benchmarks?
Is javascript worth learning if you do not plan on being a web developer?
How often should I/do you make commits?
What's the limitation of APSL compared to BSD or MIT?
What lessons did you learn from a project which nearly/actually failed due to bad multithreading?
Fostering a time period where everyone can try any ideas to make software run faster?
What Special characters should one allow for a Phone Number?
Best place to learn Component Object Model
Why is implicit parallelism/concurrency not more widespread?
Why is MVC more popular than PAC?
Cloud computing cost savings for large enterprise
What is the value of using version control?
Moving to Python (SciPy and NumPy) for Scientific Computing
Ruby on Rails Development Process
What considerations should be given for and against "super" sites?
Why dynamically typed languages do not let the developer specify the type?
Vim key mappings / plugin XCode?
Are IT and software industry getting more and more litigious?
Status "Open" and "Reopened"
What is the average lifespan of a cookie
What stressors do programmers encounter on the job, and how do you deal with them?
Let users get requirements together on their own or guide them along?
What is the best way to lead a team of 4-5 students for a summer project?
Which UML colors should this example be represented by?
How do you organize your MVC framework while supporting modules/plugins?
Weaknesses with different types of NoSQL databases
Which language is the most flexible for scraping websites?
Do experienced Ruby on Rails developers use scaffolding?
Client contracts as a sole proprietor - What should be in the contract?
Why declare a variable in one line, and assign to it in the next?
isn't number localization just unnecessary?
Developing a Code Library
The "blub paradox" and c++
Managed Coders vs Native Coders
What problems should I be aware of when franchising my code?
Best Practises in Android Resources Naming
Is c# actually a multiplatform language?
Design of an evaluator object for propagation and IO of results
Why avoid Java Inheritance "Extends"
Reports from the front lines: VS Lab Management
Is it a bad sign that I am often redesigning as I develop a project?
Recommend resources for development team leaders
Open/Closed principle and reopening Ruby Classes
How do I design an arbitrary system in an interview?
Does it make sense to have a single tab interface?
Does KISS encourage tools and frameworks that expose complex leaky abstraction layers?
Which language was used to create Visual Studio 2010?
Is iron ruby on Silverlight a viable alternative to C#?
When applying for an entry level programming position, how do I include my coding examples?
Bottom-up or top-down approach?
Why should I care about micro performance and efficency?
Handling scripting in windows
any issues with using git in a CI environment?
What is best pratice for user stories containing two roles
multi-language system and security with php
Relicense BSD 2/3-clause code to GPL
Application vs middleware development in android
Microsoft Public License Question
Django - Using a JSON string as an attribute map to avoid subclassing
Has anyone done CSDP certification?
Why is every programming language "powerful"?
Why aren't young programmers interested in mainframes?
How to suggest using an ORM instead of stored procedures?
How did you find the slow performance in your application?
Does it make me a bad programmer if I dislike the Agile methodology?
"Accept the human condition" is one of lean software development values. Can you elaborate?
Single line comments for multiple indented lines of code
Mac Dev Team, suggestions for an remote windows testing environment?
Are there some types of software that cannot be developed by all major programming languages?
Is reusability roughly synonymous with good design?
Software background building tools
Static Methods in Business Layer to achieve data from DAL! Yes? No?
"Pretty good" WPF/Winforms programmer interviewing for ASP.NET job
Is it necessary to write a javadoc comment for EVERY parameter in a method's signature?
Advantages/Disadvantages of NFA over DFA and vice versa
Is saying "JSON Object" redundant?
BIG O - Algorithm Case Analysis
Is "3 or more use a for" a good rule of thumb?
What are the main practices and design patterns every .NET guy should know?
are f# computational expressions a form of aspect oriented programming?
Delphi Conversion to Prism?
database schema with unlimited hierarchical data that is modified a lot
Is a compiled language preferred for web development or an interpreted one?
What is the best and most cost affordable solution for storing user uploaded videos and pictures?
Mixed licencing for an application
How do I build a highly scalable user/profile service?
Thinking of switching from mac to windows, need a little guidance
Benefits of integration platform
Introducing new topics to co-workers
Chromebook - is it interesting for Programmers?
which input sanitization function is better?
How do I convince my team to use smaller classes/methods?
Can anyone suggest a project for me write to help me understand threading
How To Deal With Terrible Design Decisions
Coming up with a version control strategy for SVN
How difficult would it be to migrate a Struts/JSP application to Groovy?
Flowcharting and Method Calls
A better way of doing Regex?
Should package names be singular or plural?
Where can I find translations of OSI-approved licenses?
How to manage database schema changes in open source project releases
Explain Cloud computing to Grandmother
Architecting a modular service application
Default vs Impl when implementing interfaces in Java
Architecture suggestions
Why is spring so good for Java middleware development?
How do I set up a source code control system for myself?
Is doctrine 2 fast enough?
Constraints in a relational databases - Why not remove them completely?
How to Convince management that a specific product training is important to QA?
Enhancing the level of my C/C++ code
Is Entity Framework Code First a bit meaningless/useless in production and what is a good EF strategy for production?
Customer buys software for function it cannot do and then complains. How to resolve?
Best way to reference static database data in code?
Why have a method that returns a bool/int and has the actual object as an output parameter?
Best Way to Express Meta-Info on Missing Data?
What is the difference between releasing code under the BSD license and releasing it as public domain?
Functional Programming in Commercial Software
When they say its open source it means i can take their pictures?
Is there any risk of web browsers spying away localhost applications on an Internet-connected PC?
How to get a job with no experience?
How Do You Handle Non-Functional Work With Scrum in Embedded Systems?
CRM: In-House vs. OTS
What is one correct architecture when using a DB with multiple clients?
Webserver / DB / Application - Best way to setup the system for performance
Is Scrum based on 'daily reporting'?
Bug cleanups in the middle of a project
Predicting the output of PHP's rand()
Static analysis config and convenience scripts in source control
Anyone Been Through the .NET Program with SetFocus?
What Are The Best Practices for Managing Version Strings in Google App Engine Apps?
Optimal organizational structure for IT?
Most effective way to increase programmer salary besides just doing your job?
How can I make the life of a new hire comfortable?
Java's advantage in shopping cart platform
What do I need to know before approaching a web developer/ developing team?
In open source jargon, who is a "committer"?
How to apply one of the OOP concepts (Closed for Modification and Open for extension)?
Naming Convention for Private / Public Fields
How can you make a cluster run a task only once?
Help us with our git workflow
Directly modifying superglobals
Development setup in a company with external developers
Starting a User Group C#/.net
Reasons for separate source and generated trees
How do I succeed as a lead developer?
What is Zend's relationship with PHP?
Oracle owns Java but Google is using Java?
How do cloud platforms-as-a-service measure CPU time?
Pragma Mark in Cocoa
Preparing to release code as open-source
SaaS / PaaS / IaaS / HaaS
I'm using JSON and degrading gracefully, so how do I prevent duplicate code?
What factors to consider when choosing runtime/language for Windows desktop applications?
All possible solutions to equation, where operators are arbitrary?
Linux distro for software development support?
Looking for good functional / oop / meta programming language with :
Choosing a JavaScript Asynch-Loader
What is the history of the C compiler?
C language portability
Technical test for a senior developer
How is a "Software Developer" different from a "Software Consultant"? What makes a consultant?
Generating every combination of a 32 character alpha numeric string?
How can a Java programmer make the most of a new project in C or C++?
Writing High Quality Software Proposals
How should one effectively use time at software conferences?
algorithm from scientific paper
Distributed/Network application development that is user focused but NOT web application development
What to cover in a "introduction to python" talk?
What are the advantages of having a built-in datatype in a data interchange format over not having it?
Explaining floating point precision to customers
Copyright and porting an application
I need a true random number generator web service
Is writing dead code useful?
How important is it to finish projects?
Is timing exactly how much time each team member spends on a story useful in Scrum?
Why do most languages provide a min-heap instead of a max-heap implementation?
Dominant team members in a Scrum team
Univeristy Projects and Uniqueness
Can I market an application I wrote at work?
Why almost no webpages hash passwords in the client before submitting (and hashing them again on the server), as to "protect" against password reuse?
Is "VS Lightswitch" the "Oracle APEX" from Microsoft?
Getting involved in the Java Community Process (JCP)
Outsourcing Quality Assurance and Testing
Should I just slog it out or discuss with my PM?
Why don't some open source libraries provide binaries?
Is there any value in Open sourcing your for fun projects
How can I make refactoring a priority for my team?
I created a program based on an LGPL project, and I'm not allowed to publish the source code
Is it worth reading the language specification?
Adaptative interface with Open GL and machine learning in C#
"Super" vs "protected method" for running common code
How to dissuade a customer who just learned a technology and wants to use it everywhere?
How does one network at software conferences?
What is the best way to do offline failover of a desktop based client that uses a web service?
Data Persistency, patterns and approaches
How can a Mac or Unix owner fix/develop webpages for IE6/IE7?
Is it possible to insert the hash of an executable into the executable itself without changing the resulting hash? What's the best alternative?
Why to let / not let developers test their own work
Does FitNesse improve product quality and collaboration?
Generating tests from specification
PHP framework plunge
Is function memoization really only for primitives?
How do open source projects deal with complex setup and deployment?
C++ and the suitable libraries to develop Autocad/Autodesk/CAD applications?
ODBC Lic Restrictions / Need way around limitation here are me thoughts? What do you suggest?
What is your application versioning strategy?
how do you deal with a vague software proposal?
Do you dress formally or casually for a programming interview?
Getting your user agreement right
If your unit test code "smells" does it really matter?
Functional Programming -- Immutability
is GAE an infrastructure capable of hosting an app used by millions of active users?
Better to use one large plist or many small plists when developing for iOS?
Best resources for learning Play! Framework
Priority value meaning
Is Scala ready for prime time?
Use of the word "glitch"
What's the HTML5 3D canvas? How is it different with WebGL?
Is it acceptable practice to give an object a pointer to “the world”?
Reading recommendations on development of web applications
programming on handheld devices
How much web-design work should a web programmer commit?
Why aren't extension methods being used more extensively in .NET BCL?
How and when dimensions are filled in a data warehouse schema?
Is Google's Go a type-safe language?
Best ways to generate an embed code
How to do data synchronisation between two applications?
How much of original code is left in modern software products?
Advice and resources on collaborative environments
Is it worth cross-browser testing in GWT applications?
How difficult is Python and Django to pick up for a Java/.NET web developer?
How do you make day to day work more fun?
How to solve a general authentication problem for multiple applications?
Are naming convention guidelines worth caring about?
How do I work badges into my open-source project?
I need to develop a parser. Can I use Lex and Yacc for the purpose?
Why isn't Radix Sort used more often?
Best practices concerning exit in Delphi
Why don't programming languages separate out style from content?
How do I give a free copy of my iPhone app?
When does Continuous Integration add value?
Best practices for recovering usernames
Best practice to keep the changes in the project well documented
Expanding knowledge of python / Next book and/or Topic to read/research
[YYYY].[MM].[DD].[hh][mm] vs. [major].[minor].[revision]
Code Reviews do they really work in true Agile?
Resource to start with JavaScript quickly?
Architectural Patterns for a Game
How to protect yourself from being sued by patents?
Design: Object method vs separate class's method which takes Object as parameter?
Are iframes a design smell?
How does java resolve class names in a lot of jars?
JRE for 64-bit and 64-bit Java?
Difference between a pseudo code and algorithm?
Why are there multiple Unicode encodings?
Simple, permanent queue system with pub/sub for Node.js?
Which sorting algorithms have a different worst case complexity than their average case?
How do you handle "support" on your products (inhouse)
Library version control best practices
Coping with an unfixable endless project
Under what conditions does it make sense to break code into many files, or merge them?
Should I wait until Mango's release?
Why Use Scala over Java
NP hard/complete 
How to network effectively to get a job
Why were Java collections implemented with "optional methods" in the interface?
C# Linq to <blank> which type is most used and which are most hated/unneeded
How do you write tests for code that depends on concrete external implementations that can't be mocked?
When embarking on a cloud computing project should a Chaos Monkey be the first application?
In Agilefant tool for Scrum, what are "Leaf Stories"?
ChunkDB to handle high traffic JSON web service? Alternatives?
Third-party open-source projects in .NET and Ruby and NIH syndrome
Do testers have to look at source code?
SOA Release management strategy
How do you effectively compete with an open source project?
How to mentor junior programmer who may not be a good fit for programming?
How do we know if a problem is hardest in NP
How to handle the problem of modified encrypted files
Writing a CSS parser in C#. What do you think is the best strategy?
Subset sum problem is NP-complete?
What do you need to master a language and its technology?
How object oriented is PHP?
Real programmers use debuggers?
Is developing for a niche tablet market worth it?
How do I pick up a new language quickly, given I know several others?
How do I comply with the EU Cookie Directive?
What is the best method for releasing free "extension" or example code based on a closed source proprietary project?
Path of Replication
Using CC Music in my project
How mature is PyPy?
Using JOIN keyword or not
How Do You Effectively Use Trace And Debug
What to do when you have exhausted all avenues to fix a bug
How do you explain to an "agile" team that they still need to plan the software they write?
Variable naming conventions?
Fast cold start text editor
How are software licenses applied?
Is Extreme Programming (XP) incompatible with ideas expressed in Peopleware?
What to do with private fields with getters and setters in Java
How far should one take e-mail address validation?
Need Advice on PHP Search Functionality
Naming classes becomes debilitating
linux script as a service within PHP & JS
Software design for procedural programming
Will a computer science college degree ever hurt my employability?
How much should my project manager know?
Can non-technical staff gather requirements on behalf of the development team?
Looking for quality sites built with JavaScript (not jQuery) to learn from their example
What work intervals are more productive: short or long?
How to foster intrinsic motivation in a software team
How to explain the value of unit testing
Managing large number of app.config files
OS Development in C++ Questions
Why would Qt be considered harmful?
How do you tell if advice from a senior developer is bad?
Best practices to follow with database indexes
Best practices for web application Authentication/Security (Any Platform)
Who does the UX on a scrum project?
Facebook and Twitter authentication from Mobile Applications
Does a method to check the file type being uploaded belong in the controller?
Why are null references shunned while throwing exceptions is considered okay?
Style and recommendations of commenting code
How to bootstrap managerial experience?
does correctly applying an open-source license require designating a copyright holder?
What's the best way to cache a growing database table for html generation?
Math underpinnings of software testing?
All around design book for a developer (Javascript dev)
Is it legal/ethical to collect and release some types of anonymous usage data without consent?
How to avoid micro management from a client? [Design Job]
Crash and error report to developer [from user perspective]
Parameterize Agent Based Simulation (OOP-Question)
How to comfortably monitor 5 daemons while developing them?
How often should you change pairs?
Where should I include comments in my "self-documenting code"?
Best representation for relative dates & durations
Hosted Mercurial with Project Management tools
How often do you review and validate your practices/process?
What do you consider to be the essential design patterns? And do you use them?
What's the correct approach for passing data from several models into a service?
The definition of C-based language
Does a project typically get built or designed (graphically) first?
Use controller in view in MVC
Contributing to open source software (how to hack)
When developing a MVC web application should views or models be created first?
Project Management Software / 1 maybe 2 developers
How can I be more productive at work? (additional context inside)
tracking web traffic with Python
Best practices for backing out a feature from a QA trunk
Speed of MySQL type index access vs. binary jump search on a huge file?
Scanning a billion rows in an ultra-fast database
Should technical debt be scheduled as a feature or a chore (or a bug)?
How to maintain VCS changeset/revision simplicity in the face of accidental partial commits?
Hungarian Notations/Systems Hungarian Should I?
How to apologize when you have broken the nightly build
What is the difference between debugging and testing?
How do you organize a medium-sized team with a very large, older codebase?
Do you allow presentation layer code to be deployed outside of a build cycle?
Advanced learning topics for junior developers
Why use an OO approach instead of a giant "switch" statement?
What are the three most important questions you should ask your team about your performance as their team leader?
In my API, how can I make knowing implementation details unnecessary?
Why do people rewrite some libraries to many programming languages?
How to convince manager to allow Stack Overflow
What are some good Photo and Artwork APIs?
Using work time effectively: How to create code quickly?
Why do Windows Forms / Swing frameworks favour inheritance instead of Composition?
How to report the progress of my project (Agile) to my employer (who is not a programmer)?
Team Foundation Server - Deployments
Microsoft's current best practices for building a .NET data tier? And reality?
Visual Studio 2010 - Local File History
C programming in 2011
How can I practice design patterns and refactoring in a deliberate way?
Is blocking java applets a necessary security measure?
When you use inheritance to reuse code, do you find it too tricky that it swallows the benifits of reuse?
Deploying Microsoft-Access databases with our application
Good unit test examples for embedded C developers
Is there a need for a reporting system in PHP?
Version control of application data
What makes it hard to monetize browser extensions?
How do you deal with stealing?
Why do more languages not support ===
What skills are needed for machine learning jobs?
Good at Backend, but bad at front end
Quitting a small start-up where you are a primary developer?
How to approach client who started using my server to train staff?
Self-referencing anonymous closures: is JavaScript incomplete?
UDP segments that are lost
My coworker is a nice guy, but his performance is sub-par. Do I tell my boss?
How far should you be from your closest data backup?
Does there exist a decent monetary bounty system for open source software?
Software License: Open Source, but no distribution (for free or for profit)
Future proofing code
What would be a good first functional programming project?
How much risk is involved to launch a smartphone application initially for non iOS phone? What are the advantages?
Code reuse: Reusing complex method vs. cherry-picking parts
Scala - learning by doing
GPL Confusion! Can I sell a product with GPL covered components without making the source available?
What should a self-taught/no experience programmer's resume look like?
Why are Oracle directories named /u01 /u02 etc...?
What are the best practices for rapid prototyping using exclusively HTML/CSS/JS
Discovered large security hole in someone elses website... What to do?
What is "the Cloud" and how does it relate to development?
New cloud development workflow using Github, Cloud9ide and CloudFoundry
How do I pass data the object-oriented way in PHP?
System analysis at the begining of the project
Is Java Plug-in still relevant?
How do you handle constantly changing database dimensions?
Is Bubble Sort the slowest sorting algorithm?
cakephp admin panel, different controller for different group of tasks or one for all?
When to use MVC
Data Access Layer, Business Class or Repository?
Is it impolite to file bug reports against abandoned open-source projects?
What optimizations are premature?
What is a good way to represent (programatically) graphs/networks?
Made a windows gadget for the local tram company without request. What now?
Questions about using open source software commercially?
What's wrong with being a code monkey? (Or, what is a code monkey?)
How can I make tagging work for the concept of "all"?
Boring but important niches that would be a best-practices-consulting gold mine
How to gather critique on a highly specific or niche application?
How valid is ITJobsWatch data?
How do you guys handle translation for software localization?
Is Selling GPL licensed Software Effective?
Becoming a professional programmer, without going to college?
General rules for writing a X compiler to Z in Y
Preparing for Interviews
Is it ethical to teach teens about software viruses?
What do you do if you find a rewrite is taking too long?
What are the worst things that inexperienced developers forget to think about?
Is premature optimization really the root of all evil?
My client wants me to add background music to a site. How do I tell them this is a terrible idea?
How to test a code online?
Recommend self-talk logger software or technique
What is good (neat) architecture in programming a simple website, e.g. a contact book?
Coding site with test harness for basic data structures like linked list,graph,strings etc
Most commonly used free-of-charge linux and SQL distributions
Is objective-C++ being phased out?
How do I safely write code in my own 'words' and not plagiarize?
Is it ok to not fully understand RB Trees?
Enforcement of returning non-null
Consequences of not using an open source license?
Are sessions secure for captcha on failed login?
Has any language become greatly popular for something other than its intended purpose?
Scoping recommendations while developing in C
How do you handle the need to have multiple development environments?
Are there any actual drawbacks to self-referential method chaining?
PHP - How to Automatically Post Form in Another Website and Parse the Result
Primary reasons for using REST/OData instead of a custom convention
How do you define a node and an edge when talking about McCabes Complexity?
What are the dangerous corners of Qt?
Checked vs Unchecked vs No Exception... A best practice of contrary beliefs
Can I use corporate-licensed tool at home/for personal projects?
How can I thoroughly evaluate a prospective employer?
Inspiring a team - Startup company - Real world problems
Do resumable exceptions make any sense?
How do I know what tools I can download in my country?
Separating Data and Implementation
When is an Open Source project ready for production?
Can CSS be considered a DSL?
Where are all the DBAs?
Test to confirm message with random component
How do you spec out your project?
Why is C++ still preferred to build heavy GUI apps over the latest dynamic languages?
Using a different App-ID, what are the consequences?
How to stand ground when colleagues are neglecting the process?
Long-Term Strategy For Implementing a QA System?
What's your suggestion if the company didn't recognize my contribution towards a big project?
using / linking to MS-PL licensed code from (A)GPLv3
Why does Aptana need Git installed on Windows?
Is this a proper use of the word "enumerate"?
How does production server and staging Server actually work in production
I've been programming in one language for many years. Is this career suicide?
Best practice to save data in different databases using C# ADO.NET
Should you ever release something that you yourself could hack?
How much time/money should be spent on software QA/QC?
Contract review for international contracting
Is it worth the experience gained by publishing a simple app on the App Store?
Licensing & EULAs
We're not a software company. Is a complete re-write still a bad idea?
Making Separate Assemblies For Different Types Of Tests For The Same Component?
Will I learn more freelancing or working for a company?
How do I spot and document a GPL violation?
ActionScript and Python
How do you use the sample codes while reading programming books?
What is the benefit of using sharp architecture?
AddIn, AddOn, And Plugin
How do we learn BPM products?
How to implement only a part of an interface
How can we make agile enjoyable for developers that like to personally, independently own large chunks from start to finish
Objective-C and C++
How should ability be distributed through teams?
Is is possible to do TDD without a test tool?
How can I estimate the value of an open-source project?
Unit Testing and .Net
What should I do to leave a job professionally?
When it comes to hosting your personal throw-away projects, does one service and project structure stand out?
MVC framework seems to suggest creating possibly hundreds of .aspx or .cshtml pages. How do I avoid this?
Learning a new concept - write from scratch or use frameworks?
Why does microsoft's own included MVC3 template not follow fat models, skinny controllers?
Understanding my dvcs workflow
Managing re-usable code in user-centric agile stories?
Fast algorithm for finding common elements of two sorted lists
Security for data produced by ASP.NET web serivce
Any tips on getting hired as a software project manager straight out of college?
Should images be stored in a git repository?
How do i speedily traverse a file system while extracting/extrapolating various data and provide user feedback?
What is the standard for modeling modern applications prior to development?
What personal process can I employ at a non-software based company?
Multi-threading in C# .NET Windows Service
How to explain why multi-threading is difficult
Document Versioning
How to get hold of the existing code base/projects in squeaksource.com?
Newbie question about Decorator design pattern
How do you decide site availability requirements?
Terms of Service responsibility when developing a library service that wraps a 3d party API
Is there any hope for writing good code atop a horribly designed database?
Data input validation - Where? How much?
Forgetting to merge changes from trunk to branch
Why do most programming languages not nest block comments?
Anti patterns - Worth spending time or not
Prototyping vs. Clean Code at the early stages
What's the Best way to create a trial version of software for OS X?
Code documentation: Public vs. Non-Public?
Has anyone attempted to create a system which uses e style capabilities in Javascript?
How should I develop an unusual user interface?
Going from PHP to Java
Examining source code for maliciousness and security vulnerabilities
Best practice for organizing third-party integration code in ruby
Can I use open source libraries in trialware?
Does being a jack-of-all-trades hurt your career?
Why is the Apache HTTP Server so complex?
Is the reason why everyone complains about flash app performance due to the fact that most flash apps are built with the flex framework?
What did Alan Kay mean by "assignment" in The Early History of Smalltalk?
In what area is LISP's macro better than Ruby's "ability" to create DSL
These days is it required to test a desktop website for IE6 and IE7? Or is IE8 and IE9 enough?
Why do companies tell me they want me as an in-house employee, not as a contractor?
Testing web applications written in java
How important is a good coding style for the decision to hire a programmer?
"A proof is a program; the formula it proves is a type for the program"
Converting a 1,000,000 rows database
How do you write technical blogs?
Process each row against each other, how much would it cost?
Encouraging software engineers to track time
Is it ok to include jQuery in a jQuery plugin?
What are the Characteristics of a Software "Center of Excellence" (CoE)?
Best permissive license for a utility library?
How does a large company make rookie mistakes which leave security holes?
Is maintaining Heavily Ajax-Based Web Apps more difficult?
What responses disqualify a candidate from hiring during the interview?
Dijkstra's example of an ambiguous program
What is the best way to create and guide an enterprise architecture?
Will any js libraries be updating api's with html5 under the hood?
What is the best/easiest way to get my degree, already being an experienced developer?
How can I become a good project manager?
Why was Android's ContentProvider created?
Can Agile and ISO 9001 interact well?
Career path for software QA / Test engineer
To implement registration page with Vaadin or not?
Do developers on a team ever have a "personal" version control?
What makes the difference between "Hire" and an honest "almost" for final on-site interviews?
When should you use a private/inner class?
What version control system is typically used in Java Enterprise development?
What software can be used to create architecture diagrams?
App Engine SDK Dev transition to Google Plugin for Eclipse
"Interface" vs. "layer"
How should a programmer prepare for a new job?
Using an actor model versus a producer-consumer model?
What does Windows 8 mean for the future of .NET?
What's the best approach to Facebook integration?
Assigning effective complexity ratings to tasks
How Do Computers Work?
Python programming patterns and practices?
Organizing classes with many properties that need to be iterated through
Do you create a design with UML before you start?
Zend Framework: Should I worry about the details of the MVC implementation?
Alternative for Access+SQL Server for enterprise projects
Is .Net memory hungry?
Rewriting GPL code to change license
Readability vs minimalism/compactness/conciseness in language design: are they antagonistic?
Using lambdas to improve encapsulation
How should I approach developing a Java based client-server application?
Do large mercurial repositories suffer from a "push race"?
Do some programmers know some secrets that we others don't?
Do customers/clients care about MVC or web forms?
What advantages does Linux give me when developing in PHP for the web?
Am I Unit Testing or Integration Testing my Stored Procedures?
Are there new API's in Windows Phone 7 (Mango) which need new phone hardware?
Why we should build with the highest warning level in .NET?
Single-responsibility and custom data types
What is the difference between the factory pattern and abstract factory?
How complete and mature is PyWin32?
How should I organize my source tree?
Python Class Layout - Conventions
What's the rationale of not simply disclosing the license fees for a commercial libary or tool?
How would you feel if your code editor formatted your code for you as you typed, without tabs/spaces?
What open source license is best when releasing a framework or library?
Is there a source for user opinions on commercial enterprise software?
Interested in Feedback on QA System Design
Is it "normal" for people to not work?
Can I use "user stories" for process improvement tasks?
using the presence of a value to control flow?
Why is jQuery released under MIT and not LGPL?
Can you reference one data value by a name throughout a stylesheet?
Is it possible to refactor inheritance to composition when virtual methods are called inside the base class?
OpenID and data espionage
What naming anti-patterns exist?
What "code smells" are there that are a symptom that an event listener model is required?
Power failure should be considered as a scenario to implement?
Schema/Code for respecting different schedules
Which open-source license is right for my project?
I don't understand the Halting Problem
Function locals: variable used in just one function
Can this type of page be made client-side?
How much can one programmer do on his own?
What do I do when my team leader is breaking my database schema with a release coming up?
Can I use the code created by another agency when working for a client?
Should Version Control Softwares be used from Command Line or GUI
Repeat digit problem
Does a License Change for OSS cover all versions, including previous releases?
Solution organisation
Does craftsmanship pay off?
Example of an agreement with the client
How much can you talk about your job experience during an interview
Developing professionally for iOS, Android and web - an insight
Programming practice - Is there a site that has a daily "write a method to do X" type challange?
Starting Java Web Services and feeling lost
Types of databases
Difference between Handler, Manager and Controller
The New Programming Language & BCL for the Cloud
Open Source Licenses Question
Arguments for storing binary asociations in a single field vs. in a mapping table?
Clarification needed for various architect terms and their roles
GPL: terms of license
Why do people pick the MIT license over BSD, if BSD's "non-endorsement clause" is a good idea?
Is "Explain the RAII idiom" a good C++ screening question?
Ideas for scraping a home-brewed Php-powered bug system
What is the iOS equivalent of Michael Hartl's Rails 3 Tutorial?
Can an email exist in multiple message boxes
Bringing your previous intellectual property to your employer
Common Industry Term For Negative Logging?
Should MVC/REST return a 403 or 404 for resources belonging to other users?
Should Properties have side effects
Where is the problem with the output of web forms?
What issues lead people to use Japanese-specific encodings rather than Unicode?
What suitable Q & A application can integrate with a Java portal?
Is FPA incompatible with Agile?
How does multitasking work
Any news on the Next version of WPF?
Should experienced programmers know database queries?
Code formatting : Laying out functions based on call hierarchy within a class file?
Code Plagiarism: How hard or how easy to detect this?
Super user powers in development environment?
Best practices for replacing licensed software with an in-house solution
C# type system and dynamic type
Simplified Interfaces or Object Abstraction
Alternative approaches to usual software solutions
Is defining every method/state per object in a series of UML diagrams representative of MDA in general?
From a design perspective, what are the best practices for logging?
How to start learning J2EE, especially JPA
Productivity comparision FileNet versus WebSphere Process Server
Microsoft Visual Web Developer 2008 Express?
How can I estimate the lifespan of a line of code?
Why learn hexadecimal?
Entity Framework book for beginners
How did programmers use networking to share expensive computer resources in the 60's and 70's?
How do you program effectively when it takes a long time to simply test your code?
Best way to break down overwhelming code into manageable chunks?
what's best platform for explaining pseudo-code to a developer who knows nothing about it?
Javascript Ternary Operator vs. ||
How To Choose Between Different Methods of Handling/Raising Events?
What should I call the less-than and similar operators?
Iphone/Android app – chatroom development – what framework & hosting needs?
Can you use UML in a TDD project?
Same source code compiling in various languages
Babysitting your Continuous Integration System
Fine Line: Readability Vs Speed
Have you dealt with space hardening?
How can you filter out irritable programmers in interviews?
One-time income with recurring costs: how to mantain an app in the cloud
server and request understanding
What to put in a try/catch?
Statistics on time estimates for web application
Scrum overestimation and replanning
How do you name sprints in your projects?
RESTful reference representations - semantic link vs uri
Calculating last Sprint's Focus Factor
Why bother differentiating between functional and nonfunctional requirements?
Demoing Project
Is it a bad idea to sell Android apps in the Android Market under your real name?
Red flags of unpaid IT internship
Subversion Pre-Commit Check
Planning software development
uploading MS Access databases to the web
Why SQL numeric precision is specified as the number of digits?
Use the terms "vector" or "array" in high level discussion of C++ code
Checklist for starting a largeish ASP.NET MVC 3 project
Why is Tortoise SVN case sensitive?
Is functional programming just different, or is it actually really tougher?
Anyone know about webs.com?
Are MSDN licenses transferrable? How about if they have expired?
Is there any value in writing unit tests for code that already works when inheriting applications?
Iterative alternative to decorators?
how to create a data model for the following problem
types of encoding in xml
How do I implement the MPL? What's this "Exhibit A" thingy?
Peer review for UI Development
Mercurial branch or rebase?
How to restrict viral file sharing
How would you assess a programmer's Github profile?
How to transfer files to production?
How are mock objects commonly misused?
Strange names for revisions?
How do you make a manager understand Agile?
What happened to Borland Delphi?
Best practices for expiration of tokens in a Security Token Service (STS)
Who is responsible for defects found during development?
lightweight, sustainable processes for good code/design quality?
LINQ Style preference
how to write a scalable/flexible php system?
GUI, BLL, DAL Organization In A Project
If you're a .NET developer, does getting the Microsoft Certified Master SQL Server 2008 cert make sense?
Use Dependency Injection For Data Objects?
How do I deal with analysis paralysis?
Creating a library in two languages simultaneously
Should I be looking up the answers to programming exercises?
Is deprecating a real commitment?
Is cowboy programming a senior approach?
Redis vs Zookeeper
How can I actually apply the javascript I am learning
Why don't schools cover debuggers?
Real-time stock market application
How to experience gradual improvement of knowledge while a newbie does .NET maintenance programming?
Floyd's algorithm
Is Haskell good at teaching fundamentals of mathematics?
How would one start a website with robust and scaleable hosting?
Should a developer be forced to memorize details?
How do you phrase “it's open source, submit a patch” so that it's friendly?
Any recommendation to manage an investigation projects?
Deprecation considered harmful?
iPhone vs Windows Phone development
What license is applicable for an app based on CodeIgniter?
Question on design of current pagination implementations
Can I use Xcode 4.2?
Are writing research papers only for academics?
Is there a large bank using Mysql or PostgreSQL?
How does Facebook calculate mutual friends?
MBA versus MSIS
How should I program with dynamic typing language even no type is noted on documentation?
What's the business in developing a programming language?
Need licensing recommendations for in-house written software
UberSVN vs VisualSVN Server - Any experiences?
Why aren't HTML, CSS, and JavaScript used for desktop apps?
usefulness of PNG checksum vs. lack thereof in other FourCC formats
Software Lifecycle Methodologies for One Man Teams
What's the best release strategy for an Android application?
Is absence of generic OrderedDictionary class in .NET framework really a design flaw?
Creating Deal for Percentage of App Sales
I have free time for Android development. I'd like suggestions on how to tackle this effectively
Should I test my China-targeted website with "360 Secure Browser" (browser in China)?
is there a security issue when using Jquery to develop asp.net web applications
Why do we need REST service security if we have HTTPS
Assigning a local id to a user
Do payment terms effect project design methodology?
Learning Agile & Scrum
Basic features for a basic language? DSL suggestions?
How To Organize Factories in a .Net Project?
Web-Development preparation and entire project workflow
What is the best way to manage Hibernate sessions in a Struts-1 application?
Is it necessary to create a database with as few tables as possible
Formatting code a bad thing when using a VCS?
Making it work V/S Making it work right
Is it legal to put `FSharp.Core.dll` from FSharp redistributable package?
How to support design decisions?
Customizing configuration with Dependency Injection
Is there a common denominator of all Smalltalk implementations?
Tracking hours on a project
How did they count the number of lines of code executed at runtime?
graph or relational database?
Task management - how important it is for a entry level developer targeting PM role in the future?
Splitting up a single project into libraries
Steps to take to create the Product Backlog for starting our project with Scrum
Should strategy objects have state?
License key solution in web application, what is the best approach?
Leading a team, am I being overbearing?
What are the guidelines and opinions to become a Good Programmer?
Webcam software for both Windows and Linux – possible?
Continuously Improving output of a team
Making the move to team leading
How often should one update an app with a new version?
How frequently do you switch mode?
How fast can Go go?
Is there a point to including a "change log" in every code file when you are using version control?
Dealing with a developer continuously ignoring edge cases in his work
What's the deal with programming languages as strict job requirements?
What does "proxy to" mean?
When to commit code?
Interview approaches and questions for a software developer intern
Why is a lightning bolt used to represent events in IDEs?
Is SOA suitable for developers or only for business/IT management people?
how to work with web designer?
Gathering application architecture
Permissions/right model/pattern for .NET application
Would it be dishonest to use side tools during a phone interview?
How to distribute our software on Linux without shipping source code
What are the steps required to ensure you've covered technical due diligence when purchasing a software product (and IP) created by another company?
Going about increasing salary during performance review
Setting up CI with [Jenkins, TeamCity, etc] - which source code control?
Will official 'Mango' release allow sideloading of apps on WP7 devices?
Is it worth Learning XML as a web developer when JSON is better for AJAX?
Confused about the different terminology with .NET
Should the test and the fix be written by different people?
Starting Web Development and interactive experiences
is object constraint language worth the effort?
Is it better to document functions in the header file or the source file?
Advice on making sure e-commerce site is secure using PHP and MySQL
Is Python a good choice to develop UIs? If so, wxPython or Tkinter?
License compatibility question
Concerns when designing an iPad video player
Will real world applications ever need a 128-bit flat address space?
Mix three different licenses for an open-source software
Open Source Client-Based Project Management?
Globally important concepts to understand?
What are the pressures of being a software engineer?
What design and planning techniques are the most suitable for individual projects?
Providing Estimates When working With Unfamiliar Technology?
What special considerations are needed when designing databases to hold financial records?
Sr. Dev made a database I disagree with. Advice sought
Does iCloud use windows Azure?
TDD: What happens before the first unit test?
how to patent software
Giving employer power of attorney to obtain your inventions
How do I create my own programming language and a compiler for it
Documentation utility for OpenEdge ABL
Logging, do you do it?
Bugs keep reappearing in our GUI software during development. How should this be addressed?
Options for software licensing for plugins?
Protect freelance work
Flat File in a Unit Test
Programming language for simple program?
How to be better at reviewing code?
What happens to get database information on the server-side with AJAX?
What technologies are used for an Android/iPhone App to interact with a database
How many questions are appropriate to ask as an intern?
Why is Prolog good for AI programming?
What should I keep in mind when writing custom software quotes?
How to release a mobile app successfully?
How mature is FreeBASIC?
What are the rules for coupling a ViewModel and a View in the MVVM pattern?
Builds, continuous integration and deployment for python projects?
Does AJAX need to use a server-side language such as PHP/ASP.NET/Java to access a database?
How do I know my data is relational or object oriented in nature?
What is an Enterprise/Automated Deployment tool?
What algorithms would be useful for designing a stock market simulator?
How long should we generally spend writing unit tests for a new feature or bug fixing?
Why does C dominate in the embedded software market?
Can I say that ASP.NET is compiled?
How does freelance job operate?
Multi MVC processing vs Single MVC process
Advice for an ambitious student on building your own kernel
How do you define a project for a web developer?
Can I link GPL and CDDL if I do not distribute?
Improving Cohesion and Coupling of Classes
Thoughts on type aliases/synonyms?
How to stay focused on learning a language with so many other possibilites?
Best source control system for busy web development team
Why don't databases have good full text indexes
Object Oriented "normalization"
What do you believe is a better of method of learning languages: using books or jumping straight into a project?
Amazon Cloud (EC2) w/SQL Server. Pay for SQL instance, or use an AMI w/SQL Server Express?
What is the objective of unit testing?
What is the best way to become a professional in PHP and Website Building?
Styling compound AND / OR if statements
Git workflow - advise a newbie
Aspect Oriented Programming: When to start using a framework?
PHP framework most similar to ASP.NET MVC3?
Why is accessibility important?
what is the difference between callbacks and listeners?
Should I devise a FileHandler interface to deal with different Files?
How should I keep track of an elements' state within a window/view?
Could an internal rep, voting and badges encourage good programming practices?
Is it good practice to require a trailing forward slash in directory names?
Inspirational software for end-users written in Haskell?
How to increase the speed of the page loading in ASP.NET?
What is a combined fragment in a UML Sequence Diagram?
Models should match table structure, Viewmodels match how the data need to be displayed?
Overwhelmed at Internship
To be strict or pragmatic?
How defensive should we be?
30 minutes to explain programming to a 15 year old
How are you setting up re-usable development environments?
Best practice for shared files within multiple unit test fixtures
MEF & Circular dependencies in MonoDevelop / VS
Improvements to Joshua Bloch's Builder Design Pattern?
Charging for Open-Source
Based on what I read in "Inside the Machine", is this approach to branches more optimal?
Is it possible to have an effective VIM environment for both C++ and Python?
How can I program effectively during an Internet outage?
Learning PHP for an ASP.NET Developer
Is there a good way to team develop using different MySQL Instances?
How do I predict the time it will take to complete a task?
Can I migrate a clone of Google Code repository into Github?
How does one manage an intern effectively?
What is your experience working for IT outsourcing company in the professional sevices and/or managed services?
Should Git be used for documentation and project management? Should the code be in a separate repository?
What is the best way to deal with legacy code not in version control?
Looking for the fastest way to collect form data
Making an internship most effective, useful and fun for both parties
c++ makefile importance and cross platform
PHP and Ruby: how to leverage both? and, is it worth it?
As a novice, how can I best overcome the complexity of larger projects?
Windows Azure vs GAE vs AWS - for process based application
SVN - Is it OK to use any flavor of SVN amongst the team?
How secure is my private repository on bitbucket
What is the exact meaning of Platform independence?
Naming controllers and their methods
Is java a good start to learn OOP?
How does a CLI-oriented programmer's workflow differ from a GUI-oriented one?
Is code ownership a code smell?
Which is the best method for storing data for a Language Dictionary?
Meta-programming
Understanding the Microsoft Public License (MS-PL)
Flash development under Ubuntu
Does the Decorator Pattern exist in the Java IO classes?
Is it bad habit not using interfaces?
How should one properly comment and license a set of code files before uploading to the public?
How to describe your skill levels in the CV?
Are XML databases good for small to medium non-programming business project management?
Is aspect-oriented programming a misnomer?
Should you answer programming interview questions with library?
Acceptance tests done first...how can this be accomplished?
What kind of research study would cause you to change your software practices?
How can I control Visual Studio's window creation behavior?
Price Updates via database logic
Apply for supercomputing time
if I want to learn to build web pages, should I bother with xhtml, or go straight to html5?
Can PHP be used for desktop application development?
How far to go with typedef'ing primitive types like int
Can non-IT people handle a wiki?
How do I justify upgrading to Windows Server 2008?
is requiring a video player download acceptable
Cloud service and IM protocol advice, for a backend to group chat mobile app
How do I distribute free copies of a paid iOS app?
How to improve relationships between consultants and staff programmers
Programmer / Developer Personal Organization
Bachelor degree in Software engineering in distance (online) in Europe
Is there a canonical book on mathematics for programmers?
Is the science of Computer Science dead?
What are the downsides of RoR?
How to start to gain experience of managing a project
What method is the easiest/fastest way for developing Android Apps
Do programmers possess the means of production?
What is the best local version control tool for personal use?
Is it a good idea for exams to be done on a computer?
Term for Production Rollback
Why should main() be short?
About languages strongly typed with late binding, do they make sense?
Building websites, which is the better approach MVP or MVC?
How do I publicize a cool bookmarklet?
Recommended library for getting 2d coordinates of head movement
Avoiding Object Oriented Pitfalls, Migrating from C, What Worked for You?
Is JQuery or Javascript capable for image processing?
Design Patterns: Should I learn them?
What steps should be taken to ensure that an open source database gets ready for production?
Why is prefixing column names considered bad practice?
Technology Selection for a dynamic product
Why profile applications using AOP?
Does the single responsibility principal promote flexibility?
Distribute No Modify License
Is CodeIgniter PHP Framework suitable for large ERP or Business Application?
Spreadsheet or writing an application?
Will LAMP meet the following needs?
How do you go about checking your open source libraries for keystroke loggers?
Why big companies use Perforce?
Advantages to Multiple Methods over Switch
Future-proofing myself when learning to program
Solo .NET Programmer moving to a team
Why do people think SOAP is deprecated?
How do you demonstrate performance in paired-programming environments?
Is it wrong not to create Javadoc for my code?
Asking my employer if I can open source a project I'm working on for the company
Software cost estimation
Independent projects as a student to show off abilities
Getting paid through Ltd or Umbrella company?
Learning Erlang vs learning node.js
How should you approach supporting rapidly-updating web browsers?
Matching my skills with Java and Web Programming
Learning how to integrate JavaScript with other languages
What causes bad performance in consumer apps?
What are SCM tasks that could be performed on a mobile device?
Future of web development - Front-end > Back-end development?
Codeigniter + JQuery + Processing.js to replace a Delphi App
Is CodeFirst intended for large scale applications?
Are web application usability issues equal to website usability issues?
What is the best way to discuss/plan/negotiate about code architecture remotely?
Do you write unit tests for all the time in TDD?
Search for a sub-string in a given array of strings
Alternatives to OAuth?
What exactly do I need to do if I use a LGPL licensed library?
Is it acceptable to decompile someone else's code for the purpose of learning what they did, and how they did it?
Finding a new programming language for web development?
Terminology For Web Development and General Programming/Software?
How to start and maintain an after-work project
What are the consequences of immutable classes with references to mutable classes?
Low latency technologies for c++, c# and java?
Should senior programmers be required to take on and mentor a junior developer?
Static teams or dynamic teams?
Is there something better than a StringBuilder for big blocks of SQL in the code
C# String.format extension method
How do libraries such as DirectX relate to drivers?
Useful Pre-requisites for Operating Systems course?
What was Ruby used for before Rails?
What's the best practice to do SOA exception handling?
What is Mozilla's new release management strategy?
How do I overcome paralysis by analysis when coding?
What is a clean Agile (Scrum) Sprint Presentation?
Is PHP-GTK widely used?
What is the best practice for verify if a client has already dowloaded information from server?
Design Anti-Patterns - C# - Do you call this a God object?
Tips/Process for web-development using Django in a small team
How to transfer teams to an Agile programming methodology
Run On Sentences in Technical Writing
Writing Web "server less" applications
Logistics of code reuse (OOP)
Services or Shared Libraries?
Move on and look elsewhere, or confront the boss?
Why not XHTML5?
Mobile web development rudiments
Learning computer architecture as a programmer
Objected oriented application exit
Team Software Development using Ruby on Rails
How do you track third-party software licenses?
Do I own copyright of program I made in own time?
How Would You Design This Table?
Why Should I Avoid Inline Scripting?
Is it a "pattern smell" to put getters like "FullName" or "FormattedPhoneNumber" in your model?
Best practice- handling images on website
TDD vs. Productivity
Are "TDD Tests" different to Unit Tests?
Should I use scaffolding or not in Ruby on Rails?
What is a dedicated Linux box used for?
White box testing with Google Test
Using MVP, how to create a view from another view, linked with the same model object
Designing controller for modular Java architecture
Using lookahead assertions in regular expressions
Why should one want to disable compiler warnings?
Is there an agile project management technique for developing innovative software systems?
What Languages are mostly understood "intuitively" and could benefit from a more formal learning approach?
Is it possible to rewrite every line of an open source project in a slightly different way, and use it in a closed source project?
Can I use the test suite from an open source project to verify that my own 'compatible library' is compatible?
Can we technically un-blur images?
Is it OK to introduce methods that are used only during unit tests?
Best practices for launching a new software version
A colourblind member of our team
What is this called?
Should all, none, or some overridden methods call Super?
How are minimum system requirements determined?
Using "public" vars or attributes in class calls, functional approach
PHP Open Source Tools for Agile Development
Case convention- Why the variation between languages?
A local/internal deployment of something like Campfire for developers
Are there any subversion "dash board" web applications that can show me a list of recent commits from all my repositories?
Why do most of us use 'i' as a loop counter variable?
What's the best structure for a repository?
Convert filenames to their checksum before saving to prevent duplicates. Is is a smart thing to do?
Better background or more hands on experience
Company wants to write custom project management tool, rather than use third party product
ASP.NET web-application example for newbies
SUN Java and GPL V2 licence issue for linked applications
Is creating a full application in Silverlight advisable?
Do backend developers care what their code looks like in the frontend?
Modern approaches to retrieve useful content from a web page?
Keep permuting a vector until it is ordered
TDD, new tests while old ones not implemented yet
Why does the iterative version take longer?
At what point in the process do you create the visual design?
Can I legally publish my Fortran 90 wrappers to Nvidias' CUFFT library (from the CUDA SDK)?
How come many project-hosting sites don't have a forum feature?
How to run developer team meetings?
How can a code editor effectively hint at code nesting level - without using indentation?
Criteria When Evaluating Middleware
web framework or not for web app development
Should we hire one consultant for website design and another for development or find someone who will do both?
How to include serious personal project in Resume?
Estimating Coding/Development efforts?
Would this be the equivalent of creating a branch, while working with a detached head in Git?
We're Subversion Geeks and we want to know the benefits of Mercurial
Planning development when academic research is involved
Cost-Effective, Cross-Platform Mobile Hardware/Cell Service
Development methodology for single web developer?
What if you don't have code samples to give a prospective employer?
How do I get away from PHP in the web industry?
Why is Mercurial considered to be easier than Git?
Develop secureness first or as a later step?
Building a company and want to know how ethical to put samples from projects I did before on the new company website
Where should Acceptance tests be written against?
TDD - what are the short term gains/benefits?
Is possible to write too many asserts?
Has the MVVM pattern been adopted widely in real world Silverlight projects?
Difference between extensible programming and extendible programming?
Do you tend to write your own name or your company name in your code?
How to report on a bug to the boss
API naming and namespacing
Should I use "Business logic" term when speaking about non-business application?
What php programmer should know?
What is the Best Way to Incentivize a Team of Developers?
Graphic card for parallel programming vs traditional methods
Ready to Open source the software, but want to make some money out of it
Are there any valid reasons for disallowing characters and limiting the length of passwords?
Is there a secure way to add a database troubleshooting page to an application?
How can I get the business analysts more involved in BDD?
OpenCart (GPLv3)
PCI Compliance with Offshore Development
name origin of "WebService"
What screen resolutions should we test on when developing for mobile devices?
Do some interpreted languages only load the scripts once?
What are the advantages of version control systems that version each file separately?
Should I not show all my skills?
Using a GPLv3 Python module, will my entire project have to be GPLv3 licensed?
Internationalization : What things to think about?
Why do you need float/double?
Question about the no-endorsment clause on the BSD license
Deciphering foreign code
How do you cope with change in open source frameworks that you use for your projects?
Legal concern over "borrowed" code
Is issue (bug and feature) count a good measure of a project?
Is it OK to learn an algorithm from an open source project, and then implement it in a closed source project?
Remote Working & Relocation
Embedded Linux Training
What advice would you give to someone going freelance?
How can proprietary code be protected when collaborating with an external company?
License for code snippets
How feasible would it be to not work for anyone, my entire programming career?
What's the benefit of having a private repository for personal projects?
Is using Singleton correct for Jtree & DefaultTreeModel?
Simple method for reliably detecting code in text?
Licensing issue for RSA and Rijndael algorithms
How to set up for selective pushing with Mercurial?
When to delete a branch in Git
Learning C# quickly
Nested languages code smell
Why do people put '\n' at the beginning of strings?
Is copy & paste programming bad?
Parsing scripts that use curly braces
What is the best way to keep track of the median?
maintaining a growing, diverse codebase with continuous integration
When is it OK to sacrifice the "neatness" of the design to get a project done?
Metrics: Comments vs Documented API
How to convince my boss that quality is a good thing to have in code?
Are Datasets Patentable
How to document business rules
Training a 'replacement', how to enforce standards?
I made an HTML5/Javascript game. Do I have to license it?
difference between Visual Studio and RADs?
Is a request for a code sample after a job offer common?
Picking Core Language For Large Scale Web Platform
Is there any research out there on geographic differences in work environments (e.g., respect) for programmers?
Understanding Backtracking in C++
Should I be paid for time spent learning a framework?
Is Tracking Software Usage Illegal?
Java API vs. Other APIs
How do I let customers run arbitrary code as securely as possible?
Best practice in setting return value (use else or?)
How to you solve the problem of implicit locking and parallel execution?
OOP technology death
Using automated bdd-gui-tests to keep user-documentation-screenshots up do date?
How can open source projects be successful without documentation about their design or architecture?
Do we need a non-disclosure agreement (NDA)?
Quickly Large Data Pivoting
Getting My Head Around Immutability
Buy vs. Build - FTP Service
github team workflow - to fork or not?
As a programmer, should I know low and high-level programming languages?
how to contribute the same source code to two separate open-source projects?
What is the proper response to lousy error message?
Is it common to prototype in a higher level language?
"Don't do programming after a few years of starting career". Is this a fair advice?
What do you do to make sure you take proper/enough breaks, while avoiding unwanted side-effects of break taking?
C: What is a good source to teach standard/basic code conventions to someone newly learning the language?
What constitutes proper use of threads in programming?
How to keep a project easy to understand and intutive?
What Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) methodology or methodologies are used by Google?
How do I write a software product definition?
How to handle the fear of future licensing issues of third-party products in software development?
How do I (quickly) let people know that software I am providing for free is not abandon-ware?
Are there any good resources for refactoring existing C# code to use LINQ while keeping your tests passing?
How similiar should the environments of PreProd and Prod be?
What constitutes "commercial purposes"?
Is it normal for a company to have programmers on such a rigid schedule?
Do you use unit tests at work? What benefits do you get from them?
Is collective code ownership mandatory in Scrum?
Will the portions of Boost that are incorporated into the new C++ standard continue to be developed?
Paradigms fit for UI programming
Why is closure important for JavaScript?
Why is XML not called EML?
What are the strategies to become a good open source developer?
How will we be able to produce websites without using cookies with the new law?
How do I get feedback about whether escape analysis had any affect on my code or not?
How do you know if you've split your domain correctly
How were the first compilers made?
Should I redo an abandoned Dynamic Data project with Lightswitch?
Pros and cons of hosted scripts
Is it a bad idea to list every function/method argument on a new line and why?
Bitbucket and a small development house
Does anyone work 10 hours shifts as a developer?
Test interface implementation
Distributing my Application inside a Debian Virtual Machine Image-- How to meet GPL obligations?
CQRS applicability when some commands need to block the UI
Whether to use -pedantic flag in g++ or not?
Using Hash Bang URL's. Best practices? Best libraries? Important pitfalls?
How to make Classic ASP interesting if you are stuck with it?
Is it possible to take a binary compiled for ARMv7 architecture and convert it to ARMv6?
I would like to contribute my time for free to a Ruby open source project, what are some beginner friendly Ruby projects?
How detailed should public release notes be?
What is the *correct* term for a program that makes use of multiple hardware processor cores?
Is dynamic language always interpreted?
Why aren't more desktop apps written with Qt?
Are there any examples of implementing and effectively responding to a "Chaos Monkey"?
Questions about software licensing
Possibility to switch over to Java from .Net
When practicing collective code ownership, can there be experts of each component?
What is the scope of a Bdd Scenario particularly when specifying changes to an existing application?
Does over-reliance on tools imply that you are lazy?
ArgoUML - Learning
Is it worth being computer languages polyglot?
Automake - how to keep the source tree clean?
Can Powershell do anything that Iron Ruby can't?
Common Javascript mistakes that severely affect performance?
Is anybody using JavaFX
How do you track Production tasks
What are the key factors in choosing a Mocking Framework?
Improving the speed of writing code in C#
CMS and Databases vs. DIY
What one should look for when choosing a cross-platform C++ GUI library?
Inspiring a co-worker to adopt better coding practices?
Find next occurence in a Tree
Using OpenID to log into multiple domains: Is this plan feasable?
Do / how do the various flex frameworks work with Flash Builder
Abstract Base Class with Interfaces as Behaviors?
What do you call this pattern/technique?
Books to learn to develop Rails Plugins
What should be the workflow with a git repository?
As a C# developer, how much "advanced" Java do I need for Android development?
Is it realistic to ask your team to take on a 100% automated test coverage goal as a stretch task?
When and how a programmer should start own business?
How and when to use UNIT testing properly
Why is using 'final' on a class really so bad?
Should this code be rewritten or refactored?
How do I find UI ideas for a reporting system
Is it worth trying my IT experience in a totally different domain?
AVL Trees and the REAL world
Why do I need SCRUM vs. a less formal, more lightweight process for my team?
Should SCRUM be used for a project with only one person working on it?
Do you have to be good at math to be a good programmer?
What's the best approach to develop a cross-browser JavaScript app?
Comparing one's self to others during interviews
Where are all the functional programming design patterns?
Finding and managing a group of testers
Does it make sense to sanitize email form input?
Python file layout for web development package hacking
Which one is more reliable in a large project, COCOMO or FP?
How do you approach class design in OOPs?
Help me understand this "mindmap / constellation" visual pattern
Is EF4 mature enough with MySQL or Oracle?
Designing an administrator area in my CMS
Build management: does this exist?
Create a behavior/Component based system for games
Should I use default access modifier or not -- Coding practice?
Standard text samples
Is OO-programming really as important as hiring companies place it?
Reading a character from a file stream in c++ (AKA: Why no C++ standard equivalent of old conio.h)?
What is a Real-time system
One Developer, Two Machines
Can map-reduce say "Hello World"?
How do you control nodes in a server farm?
Choice of technology to develop multi-platform application
Javascript, Text Annotations and Ideas
Closing tag (?>) on PHP files?
What does the term day-one-bug mean?
i am "scared" to learn a new language
How to gradually improve on an old IBM Host C++ framework
Pattern for SQL data mining app
Preparing for TaoCP
Clean readable code vs fast hard to read code. When to cross the line?
Learning Haskell and C# Simultaneously
Developing basic drawing tool involving lines, curves
CPOL License. Can I use it on my commercial application without distributing source code?
Apple Enterprise Developer Account Query
Articles and Works by Developers
MD5 implementation notes
Measuring risk of source code changes?
What do I need to know for CSDA-like certification exams?
Is the MVC pattern used in industry a lot? What's all the hype?
Design pattern for a multi-threaded URL fetcher in java
What are the different ways  for performing authorization in a web application other than role-based authorization?
Low impact refactoring and code cleaning of sloppy code while waiting for requirements
Testing BI (Business Intelligence) systems on the MS stack
Fellow programmer used worst programming practices
Best git practices for android project with multiple sets of resources
Design question: Is this good case for proxy pattern, or "over done"?
Getting management approval to invest more in unit testing
Standards for reading code out loud?
How do I determine the runtime of a double recursive function?
Advantage or disadvantages between recursive functions and for-loops
Getting started with version control and its integrated project management?
Fixing sudden serious problem in software
How to "neutralize" those who write bad code on the team?
OOP design question
I'm forced to write bad code. How do I save my face?
PHP Frameworks That Don't Use a Front Controller?
Syntax-highlighting color scheme studies
if I use .NET Framework for my application, do I have to pay anything to Microsoft?
How can I keep my visualstudio database project in sync with my database?
What are the pros and cons of having a CaseInsensitiveString type in Java?
Why do ruby and python seem to have more community contribution than PHP?
How do I negotiate with a company to develop software?
Abstract event queue for GUI/model communication
In .NET (Visual Studio), when do you create a new assembly?
do I need French export compliance approval to submit an iOS app that uses encryption?
Learning Java in a couple of days and preparing interview presentation
c# class naming standards/guidelines
Automated Testing: Explaining its Business Value
How could RDBMSes be considered a fad?
Software Health Check Audit Template / Checklist
Should an XML Schema be specified in a software specification?
Why is there so much buzz about closures?
Why do we still use JavaScript?
New Team Lead - How to deal with a resentful former peer
Sending Whole Data Object As Argument Or Just Required Fields?
Is it common for developers to deal with extensive change control procedures?
Choosing a process modeling notation
Should you bother with SVN branches if you only ever have one?
Am I overusing trees as a model or are they just very common?
An Extra-Intellectual search in a large text
Encompassing term for software and data in a system
Are there drawbacks to taking a job where I will be using a unique programming language?
JAVA IDE - Conditional Breakpoints
Does this pattern disregard the DRY principle, and can I modify the pattern to fit?
Rewriting code / better initial outline
How do you handle your Project Manager
What to do about team member who threatens to leave all the time and is difficult to work with?
How to protect intellectual property when oursourcing software development?
Why is + so bad for concatenation?
How would I go about changing encryption methods on existing passwords?
Determining what is a useful unit test
How do you handle multiple projects that form the same product(s)?
Original author rights in a licensed software project
What is the / your most effective QA process?
UML to portray SQL objects
How do you test software that is time sensitive?
Why don't relational databases support returning information in a nested format?
What are the various premature optimizations traits / types?
What are your recommendations for porting a huge VC++6 project to later VS version?
What is the best way to provide downloadable / uploadable forms?
Optimizing sorting large amounts of text stored in a database
How do software development methodologies fit in the field of consulting?
Co-worker renamed all of my queries
Can I license parts of my code under different licenses
Static / Shared Helper Functions vs Built-In Methods
Is XML required for this?
PHP: brackets or no brackets with if/for/while/...?
Are there any drawbacks to the Major.Minor.YMDD.Build version strategy?
View Source - is the Viewable markup important to you?
Simplified knapsack in PHP
Get the ball rolling on TDD
What do I need to know to develop a paperless application using .NET?
Possible hack aftermath
What is the best way to handle similar functionlaity in separate user stories / Product back Log Items?
Easy way to serve mercurial?
Clarification of pseudo random number generator
What is the history behind the .NET platform's origins?
What is the typical workday in the life of a junior programmer?
Lost Interest in Programming
How do I prepare for an 'aptitude for programming' test?
Interviewing: Company deals with huge amounts of data?
Coding user rights
Are Django forms violating MVC?
How do I use an open source project as an educational tool?
What is the best way for an experienced developer to work on a WordPress blog
Would you keep convincing your management some better practices if he keeps screwing things up
Is outsourcing (offshoring) disloyal?
How best to handle database refactoring within a team?
Document Database versus Relational Database : how to choose?
choosing an opensource license for a software
Cocoa Applications: Use custom preference dialog or system preference app?
Great companies using FPA as cost estimation
What is beautiful code in C++, and why do most programmers care that much?
Usefull skills from a computer science degree
Isn't functional paradigm too divergent with underlying hardware to be generally efficient?
Anti Identity Column
Is there any benefit to obsession with making code "look pretty"?
I had a bad job interview, but still got the job. How do I handle the relationship with my new manager?
Is it OK to reformat another developers code while modifying/adding to a module?
What are some ways people handle DB change notifications?
What are the best practices when performing requirements analysis through job observation?
The correct choice of tools for a new Deep Zoom application
Concurrent development w/o central design?
How long can it take for a screen to appear before it's considered a performance issue?
Where should the description about branches in a VCS be stored?
Where was "async" all these days?
What can I use to generate API documentation with my custom formatting?
Are first person comments distracting and unprofessional?
BDD: Getting started
Mono & Commercial Projects
Designing classes containing the same objects but different amount of them
Help me in choosing appropriate pattern
Is there a scalable multi-site strategy with codeigniter?
Understand scripting language
Lisp: Benefits of lists as code over arrays as code?
Why are we still using the DOM in the browser rather than a desktop paradigm
Chatbot Conversation Objects, your approach?
3rd party hosted solution for project management & source control?
measuring database load
Is it ok if I don't know C but I am good with C++?
Profanity Filter Performance in Java
What is easier to do with web applications compared to native GUI applications?
Is there such a thing as feature bloat?
What can a senior programmer do that a junior can't?
What are some common algorithm optimization opportunities - mathematical or otherwise
Whether to open-source gigantic idea
Addressable memory unit
For what purpose I can use c++ to increase my skills?
How to start fixing bugs in open source software?
What is the best way to include JavaScript file using script tag?
Where is java3d used?
User uploaded images: limit file size on front end or reduce on back-end?
Equality between arity and degree concepts in relational theory
Need help on understanding few OOP & programming related concepts
Why do my java programs run faster in eclipse than in BlueJ?
Marriage of Lisp and LaTeX - has it been done?
WebSockets current state on security and browser support
Java out of web and without GUI?
Are audit and log exactly doing the same things in a software system?
What should every programmer know?
What do you consider the 1st principle(s) of programming?
Guidelines for HTML/CSS/JS optimization process
Dependency analysis for tests
Completing a project successfully despite hostile management?
Can the strategy pattern be overused?
What drives the adoption, or not, of new programming languages?
Does the source language matter for your first (few) compilers?
Confusion about the first day of a burn down chart
What do you use to organize your team knowledge?
Debugging Facts and Statistics
How to be a good citizen when crawling web sites?
quick prototyping in project design & development
Should public code libraries I have written stay free and open after using them in a contract / commercial product?
A Question about using different data access layers for different database providers
Why aren't there explicit access modifiers in Python:
When is cloud database right for me?
When to use a API/Library and when to write your own?
Is it not a good practice to handle runtime exceptions in the code?
Python template engines: What are the real benifits and drawbacks to XML vs custom syntax
How to train yourself to avoid writing “clever” code?
How do you handle bug tracking in a manner friendly to programmers and non-technical staff?
Patterns and practices for Web Scraping in .Net (C#)
What are the absolute, minimal requirement for containing SE Asian charsets for an embedded system project?
Cost of heavy autoloading in PHP applications?
Isn't the Spiral Model/Agile Development essentially just a more rapid and compressed Waterfall Model?
Should I mix python and .NET?
How are you handling browser compatibility in the new "rapid release" world?
Code mapping in .NET (or in general)
What is a nicer way of describing the process of "Idiot Proofing" a piece of software
What is a buffered write scheme?
On developing deep programming knowledge
How to Evaluate a Programmer's Communication Skills
Which language should I use for a computationally intensive program?
Most efficient way of finding entities in a grid?
Do .NET 4.0 Code Contracts have a role to play in solo-programmer projects?
What constitutes competency in XML in the .NET world?
conciseness to speed ratio
Independent Developer Pre-Coding Planning/Design/Architecture
Is there a such thing as a Program Manager for Outsourcing Companies?
.NET CQRS Frameworks nCQRS vs Lokad.CQRS
Putting a programming language on your resume?
What is the difference between bug and new feature in terms of segregation of responsibilities?
Developers inheriting code. What to ask the old developer to better help the new developer?
Are web best practices so important if they are always violated by large companies?
Hiring Developers - Securing Source Code
When we say "sanity" when referring to user input, are we talking about the cleanliness of the input or whether or not it is sane?
Branching an application setup/installer across versions?
Are there any limitations of an idealistic HTML5 web application
MASS equivalent for intel compilers and architectures
What does “S” stands for in OOPS?
Starting up in a basement and scaling
Does it make sense to ask, "What is the difference between Design Pattern and Algorithm?"
Why is filesystem preferred for logs instead of RDBMS?
Learning the rules of chess
Punishing users for insecure passwords
what exactly is hypertext?
I want to explain why the specification must not be changed during development period
Public vs Private Repositories
What problem does automated user interface testing solve?
Advantages and Disadvantages of Forced Code Reformat
Should I implement functionality for an xml file+schema?
Multistream Project v/s Single Stream project
How do you remember numerous API?
When do you use a struct instead of a class?
Where should code refactoring and optimization fit within both an agile and waterfall process timeline?
what is the benefit of using key/value stores with respect to database sharding?
Why shouldn't classes be designed to be "open"?
trust factor in code review
How to save a young and dying project?
What does the Spring framework do? Should I use it?  Why or why not?
What is Business Process Management software?
Polymorphism and the potential security issues
Is this a valid smartphone CPU vs. desktop CPU speed comparison (Android G1 vs. old Pentium 4 desktop)?
How should I structure our common modules to maximize reuse and reduce duplication?
Modelling Betting Markets
Is it beneficial to have a long-term experience in a specific technology rather than short-term multiple ones?
Too much version control and bug tracking overhead per change?
How do you answer "explain current architecture of your project" question in interviews?
Use of Apache 2.0 Licensed K9 Email Android App in Commercial Email App
Do variable names affect the performance of websites?
Markup languages syntax
Sql Server: Compact and LocalDB Denali
JIRA: Issue classification, clarification needed
Meaning of phrase: "Not your father's Visual Basic"
Dangers of huge monolithic application
Customer wants to modify the .properties files packaged in our WAR file
Multi sourced search in WPF app
Is it worth developing custom shopping cart?
Revenue sharing with customer who is unable to pay development fee
Are RAD tools worth the trouble?
Which computer science subjects are required to follow introductory course in compilers?
Is there an open source license for this?
What to explain when asked "How did you implement MVC"?
Can Agile software development be used in projects defined by a contract?
How should I plan out my code base?
Separating the database, API, and the interface
How to completely decouple Model from View/Controller in Java Swing
Best practice for mapping between data/business/model and etc
How would one go about building pluggable software?
How to know if two images are the same?
Area calculation of irregular shapes
What would you define as sensitive user data?
I'm a manager. How can I improve work relationships and communication with programmers?
getting back to c# programming after dabbling in non tech world
How do you decide if you should take a project?
Why is Perl so heavily used in Bioinformatics?
what is storing data in constant space?
What is needed to deploy an application that uses Microsofts new LocalDB?
How to manage an open source project's documentation?
Working as a sole developer: getting code looked over
TDD: Where should I start?
Designing authentication for REST API
Good practice for unit testing with large or complex fixtures?
Accessible book on functional programming
Where does "method" as a special term in OOP originate?
Are "Proactive" designs on new projects useful?
Group messaging of computers over internet
Is it more efficient to query once for all settings, or query whenever a setting is needed?
Should deployment errors constitute a build failure?
How to sell your libraries?
Recommended way to start with Javascript for client- and server-side
How to decide maintenance cost/terms for freelance work?
Handling "backup" files with Git
EAV - is it really bad in all scenarios?
How to advocate Stack Overflow at work
Can initial inefficient solutions INSPIRE better ones and thus lead to faster problem solving?
Logic in setters vs. getters?
What is the term for IntelliSense in a non-Microsoft world?
Is it possible to create and distribute an app for the BlackBerry Playbook that doesn't go into App World?
In Scrum, how to handle contention/workload at end of sprint
Design Pattern For UI Control and Provider to Call Control's Events
How to tackle the outside party developement
Helping a new programmer become more self-proficient and not ask me so much?
Software Testing Techniques or Categories
Why don't testers and programmers like each other?
Using GPL libraries without modification on a commercial website, do I need to make my source code available?
Work Item Traceability in TFS 2010
Relation and differences between SGML, XML, HTML and XHTML
Spending too much time debugging
Getting started with system programming?
What does Private Cloud mean?
Generating a class dynamically from types that are fetched at runtime
Terminology question: Generalize Heisenbug
How should I mention those sites in portfolio that have changed since I worked on them?
Is it legal or good idea to have a backup of all client sites on my own server
Accurate/recommended approachs to tracking play length of a video
best hosting structure to sell your app on a website
What are the biggest bottlenecks when developing large projects?
Compiler time versus programmer time
The state of localization in web applications
Do i need to know how Ajax works since Asp.net provides me UpdatePanel
Correct echoing of html in js?
Inheritance gone wrong
Best Practices or Project Standards
Interview Assignment: Production, Bug-free, or Bells & Whistles?
Line break before/after operator
Storing T&C acceptance in database - best practice
Questions about TDD and unit testing
What are some good Software Engineering books for people who didn't formally study Computer Science or Software Engineering?
Should sales staff interfere in application analysis and design?
CakePHP - Element Overkill
How to encourage version control adoption
Is it beneficial to read old Java programming books?
Client–server models and Client-centric models
Application design question regarding saving files
How do I help a team member be more confident?
When is a 'core' library a bad idea?
Is there a process model similar to the waterfall process, but with more cycles?
How to effectively telecommute when working for a small firm?
Should I update this code or continue with current design
Are Concurrency Abstractions Emulating UNIX Processes?
Should I patent my software?
Pair programming. How?
Social Impact projects
Which assembly should I learn?
How do I explain "Recursion" to an 8-year-old kid?
What is a NPR Syntax?
Handling Coding Standards at Work (I'm not the boss)
Parallel teams and scrum/agile
What exactly is "Binary Form"?
Prerequisite math skill for Introduction to Algorithms (CLRS) book
Views, View Controllers, Properties and Object-Oriented Programming
Semi-securely storing data in a remote key-value store, ensuring minimal data corruption/tampering
When did developers start making normalized relational databases?
Why don't all companies buy developers the best hardware?
How to document an algorithm properly with sample data?
When is code "legacy"?
Does unit test increase productivity?
How to go about building a website that allows users to deposit/transfer money?
How to organize a set of syntax highlighting classes?
How can a Silverlight app talk to another app on a Mac?
Is there a canonical book on Monodroid?
How does git/GitHub handle changed local and changed pushed repositories?
Tips on develop further on a legacy system?
iOS developer interview question doubts
Decoupling classes from the user interface
How to prevent same user rating a web content like video more than once?
What type of code or program , i can post as open source on Git or Bit Bucket
Wrapping simple statement in a function in java?
"Kill switch" in customer hosted environments, to protect payment?
Inserting copyright notice
Proxying the multitons
Feature vs. Function
Best algorithm/practice when creating a search mechanism for your database?
Proprietary formats and Open source software
Is Objective-C an Interpreted or Compiled language?
Design principles - data conformance / business logic in the data access layer?
Do companies hire software developers that are aspiring entrepreneurs?
Making the logical jump from complete noob to developer?
Setting realistic expectations for deadlines
How can I get paid for reducing technical debt?
How do you keep all those languages straight in your head
If an "either/or" algorithm is "Boolean", what's a "zero, one, or many" algorithm?
Open source project, should I post "... will give you licenses to ..." or not?
In what visual format should I present an estimate for a software project?
Online Advertising And Marketing Your Services?
Is there a name for the new "shake phone" interface convention?
Can we regard file-system structure as one part of architecture?
How to get the team back on track for SCRUM/Agile?
Refactoring into lots of methods - is this considered clean or not?
Starting a game website. Sanity check (Jetty, WebSockets, Java, etc)
MVVM or MVC? Want to use the same set of classes for WPF and ASP.NET
Are there any special advantages of SQL Server with Visual Studio?
Recursion -- is it "divide and conquer" or "code reuse"
Handling deleted users - separate or same table?
BEST Format/Protocol for RESTful SOA
What to do if a team member misses a sprint planning?
What's a good naming convention for generic types in C#?
Strategy for securing paid Data as a Service API
SQL injection attacks, how do I test and secure coldfusion queries?
What is idiomatic?
Can we price a software based on its lines count, language, technology and stuff like that?
Understanding the DIP, DI, IoC theory
How to hire a good C# developer if I don't know C#?
synchronization web service methodologies or papers
What is "The Cloud"? What do I say when people ask if my web service is "on the cloud"?
Why are people afraid to die()?
Monitoring C++ applications
Are people succeeding with OrientDB?
What are some of the required tools to gauge how large and complex a product is going to be?
How can I get programmers to work together better on shared code with tests
How to convince co-workers the merits of local development enviroments
Delegate vs Method
Data Structures to represent logical expressions
Fault tolerance through replication of SQL databases
Java stored procedures in Oracle, a good idea?
Is Linux a neccessity for learning network?
Is Independent Java Development Worth it Compared to Objective-C?
Is Unit Testing the primary objective of MVC Pattern?
Using all the parameters of a function
How to fail an interview?
If your team does code review, to what extent do you verify that review fixes are carried out?
How do I convince my teammates that we should not ignore compiler warnings?
Cucumber Web Interface for business
Is reliance on parametrized queries the only way to protect against SQL injection?
Handling out of hours support
What steps can I take to ensure that I successfully integrate new functionality to an existing app?
html/css/js best practices
Will staying in this position affect my career negatively?
Duplication of view access control logic in database queries and application component
Are abstract classes / methods obsolete?
Defining a standard
Is it better to blindly match the project requirements or to match the spirit of the project requirements
What methods exist for handling DB Change Management?
create site with Codeigniter without database support
Did eastern PKUFFT algorithm beat FFTW3 (Fastest FFT on the west) 20 fold?
Compiler/OS Design - Where to start
What are some best practices for populating and using a test database?
Techniques to increase logic at programming
What do you call different user roles in software design?
How to Improve this socket over TCP-IP system
Is it standards-compliant to style the <html> node?
Can an object oriented program be seen as a Finite State Machine?
Best 3 people development team organization?
What's the best way to prepare your design & code for those "unknown unknown" bugs from day one?
What is the difference between collation and character set?
How to solve an event-queue problem in a computer emulator in Java
When to confront a good project leader or boss
Business rules, business logic, input validation
How to improve my trade
Directory structure of web application written in PHP
Location of Solution Components - Centralisation versus Multiple Instances versus Libraries
Has anyone used "Design Pattern Framework (TM)"?
What's an expat XML parser?
How does a static type system affect the design of a prototype-based language?
How can I remove my fear of doing freelancing work?
How can I make my career in supply chain optimisation and data mining?
Database for storing books by grouping, their pages, and the table of contents
N-Tiered Web App Using JQuery/ASP.NET Web Services
How do you decide to Queue/Dispatch events Sync or Async? (in Observer Pattern)
Bypass HR to get an interview
If someone was making software, able to display content in any written language, what would they have to consider?
Where should you be at with 5 years experience?
When to favor ASP.NET WebForms over MVC
Do programmers need a good memory?
why no hasLock/testLock on mutexes
Were you able to implement design patterns in tight deadlines?
Does printing out numbers involve converting the numbers into characters?
Is UTF-16 fixed-width or variable-width?  Why doesn't UTF-8 have byte-order problem? 
Design: Method that loads data from one of two file formats?
What is the best/ethical way to estimate code clean-up?
Should one time contributors be listed as an Author?
How much HTML and CSS should server side developer know?
How much should I worry about the edge cases?
How to become a JavaScript ninja?
Can I use publicly mentioned algorithms for writing programs?
Should code reviewers test as part of the review?
What skills to master to become a better ASP.net developer?
How do build time and unit test time compare?
What does Symfony Framework offer that Zend Framework does not?
Priority list of tasks stored in a database
How to handle large scale js+jquery projects using well written, Object-Oriented JavaScript and jQuery code?
Scala: From concept to working
How do I learn Concurrency in Ruby?
How up-to-date is the Joel test?
Language Choice for Algorithm Competitions
The difference between best practices and common sense?
web development without the knowledge of client side scripting or programming?
Object-Oriented Class Design
to know how many visitors visit my website, i absolutely have to put some kind of tracking code within the page itself?
is Python PHP polyglot a good design?
Who can be called a good team player?
Scheme Stream Implementation
How to evaluate how well one knows functional programming
Sharding and Cloud computing
What is the advantage of little endian format?
How to prevent people from playing with your website?
Should I include HTML markup in my JSON response?
Boss doesn't believe my time estimate... advice/backup?
Is there a simple, flat, XML-based query-able data storage solution?
At what point is it good to try to reinvent a standard?
Getting start with Zend PHP framework
How can I tell in an interview if a programmer is passionate about programming?
Can any GPLv2 licensed library be used in a company's internal intranet application?
Which tools to use for Embedded Linux C++ development with a fast compiler and possibly cross platform
Software design methods for Java or any other programming language
To design pattern, or not to design pattern
What are the different considerations to make when determining persistent data format?
Offline demo of website - tools to handle "saved" external links
Program Loaders in Linux and Windows
When job hunting, what grabs your attention about a job posting
best practices for testing backbone.js apps with jasmine?
generic programming, how often is it used in industry
How did the idea of Exception-handling emerge into programming languages?
Why is C++ often the first language taught in college?
Do mixins create coupling with Ruby?
Algorithm visualization app/plugin
Is Assembly still relevant?
WCF service which takes XML file
Are there any good reasons to use, learn, or recommend XSLT?
What is the accepted best practice for Java type conversions?
Is integer used too much as a data type?
Would you purchase hardware with your own money to use at work to do your job better?
Audiobooks for programmers?
What Does Bubbling Mean in this Context?
The GPL License Mixing
How are multiple values returned in Java?
Does anyone have suggestions for design or open source libraries specifically for a single page AJAX application?
What is each time through a loop called?
What are practitioner's thoughts of the IEEE software engineering certifications?
How should I determine my rates for writing custom software?
Options for a lead programmer who prefers programming to leading?
How important are Haskell's advanced concepts like Monads and Applicative Functors for most routine programming tasks?
How does an online game continue after the host leaves?
Importance of algorithms in a telephonic interview
Is it good to keep the bugfix comments within the code?
HTML 4, XHTML and CSS 2 - How long until these are obsolete?
Centralized and decentralized logging mechanisms
Do I Need To duplicate comments in Every File?
Scalability and Programming languages
Should a web designer know server-side coding?
How analysis is different from design?
Learn to Program by Chris Pine book question
Developing cross-DB applications
When developing a plugin or a standalone software app can I include in its name the name of the host application?
How to guide stakeholder(s) not to get far from the scrum vision?
Is any JavaScript  code used only for websites, open source?
Creating experimental database
Is it possible to write a generalized string reverse function that works for all localisations and string types?
How to convince my boss to switch to OOP PHP?
Can I use Linux/Mono instead of Windows/Visual Studio without any problem?
What is the benefit of multiple return values
How to become good at object-oriented analysis and design (OOAD)?
Why shouldn't "responsive" web design be a consideration?
Ideas for Offline & Sync Across Multiple Platforms
What is a faster alternative to a CRC?
Is structural typing in a hierarchical model necessary?
GUI: Setting options in two different places and having them stay in sync?
When developing on an old code base, should I use Best Practices or go for Consistency
Client Request Explanation of "Benefits" as part of consulting fee
Best way to quickly stash your cognitive state when you just can't avoid interruptions
elevator algorithm and implementation
Advertising clause in Apache License
Effective Code Review Process for software maintenance 
To check-in small chunks and frequently, or to check-in large chunks but infrequently
Should I build my own CMS or rely on a pre-built one?
How to productively spend "free time" at the office
How should I charge for programming things which take two minutes to fix?
Blaming the ills of today on the technical debt of yesterday
Career Confusion
Funding Agile Projects
What is the "internal syntax" of a programming language?
Handling Deprecated Methods
Is writing your own Data Access / Data Mapping Layer a "good" idea?
Is onError handler better than exceptions?
What is a Bootstrapper in programming?
Documenting a REST interface with a flowchart
1-click software release
Concrete examples of Python's "only one way to do it" maxim
Getters and Setters in Functional Languages
Is adding Ad Hoc reporting to an application worth the effort?
Where should I store my user session data?
Dealing with coworkers when developing, need advice
How do I know how much to ask for in salary?
How can I teach a bright person, with no programming experience, how to program?
B Tree compared to an R tree - Isn't it just a bunch of linked lists linked together?
Should we quit trying to do agile if QA takes 12 weeks?
How is switch/case handled as to avoid comparisons to the case values?
Why do people use programming books?
Isn't SQLite a bit underestimated?
Ruby on Rails: Converting a Rails 3 app to Rails 2?
best way to "introduce" OOP/OOD to team of experienced C++ engineers
If a fluent coder disregards good practices, doesn't his fluency work against him?
Interviewing a developer who's skilled in a language you don't know
The importance of using Configuration Management tools in a Software project for controlling the changes
Where do you use ROT13?
Changed The Customer's World - how do we handle this?
Is there a way to update a client's database without seeing all his sensitive data?
What's the difference between working at a software company and a company whose focus is in another field?
I've failed at PHP several times. Is Ruby the Cure?
Visual Web Developer 2010 Express, automated testing, and SVN
How do I pitch ASP.NET over PHP to a potential client?
What features contributed to the evolution of Pascal?
Was in it Turbo Pascal 4 that Unit were introduced?
Is Free Pascal just an open source, multi-platform clone of Turbo Pascal & Delphi?
What was the life span of Quick Pascal?
In what specific ways did Pascal and or Delphi influence Java?
In what specific ways did Delphi influence the C# language
How did Delphi influence the .NET Framework?
Why does Microsoft charge a fortune for its developer tools?
How much technical detail is too much when talking to non-technical managers?
Are languages just syntax or do they include the framework too?
Why isn't there a Boolean for x values of a variable?
Whole Solution Complexity ... vs Development Complexity
how to tell users to wait, becase page is loading
Should I use .NET? (IronPython?)
Develop on the lastest and greatest or stick with the well documented version?
What information should a good (method- / class-) comment contain?
Is it reasonable to NOT provide technical documentation and unit tests to client?
Data "unsort" / homogeneity algorithm
What is the industry term for those "earn credit by affiliates" programs in iPhone/Android/etc games?
How much documentation should a client expect from a one-man team?
Are ads within average Android applications profitable?
New sequential testing framework with the same rigor as xUnit?
Using Git in Enterprise environment
Why did Git get so much hype? ...while others don't?
Objective Metrics for Software Quality
What is a Munger
Why should I declare a class as an abstract class?
Origin of "Readme"
What's a schrödinbug?
Who would be responsive for damage caused after cloning foreign application but NOT running it as freelancer?
How to significantly improve Java performance?
What's the opposite colour to "green" for a native thread?
How to outsource a pet project?
Selenium and non technical team members
Can you overuse delegates and events
Who is the father of CIL?
Can a fresher from a college write design patterns under "area of interests " in resume?
How easy should a language development framework be to use?
What revision control has the best merging engine?
Are there good places to link people to for software licenses "in plain english" similar to how Creative Commons does?
How would an algorithm that splits/sorts numbers into three groups to make them equally large work?
Data access for composable applications
Is it true that "Real programmers can write assembly code in any language."?
Can you actually produce high quality code if you are sleep deprived?
When to switch to mobile programming?
What does C++ do better than D?
How to create a centralized update mechanism for a hosted CMS?
Class Versus Struct
When to mark a user story as done in scrum?
Setting $_POST variables as a means of passing data / Not passing parameters in functions
What are some good online coding log/management tool?
What is the advantage of choosing ASCII encoding over UTF-8?
Is a .com domain name worth it for a mobile app?
which are the best front end web developer blogs
NDA, a search for partner
A practical use of "yield" keyword in C#
Software Licensing
Where can you find your first customers as a freelancer?
What are the boundaries between the responsibilities of a web designer and a web developer?
Charge client for SaaS development?
How to manage source code customizations for many users?
Do you need Hardware skills to be a Robotic Programmer?
An application to get statistical data about HTTP Request/Response
PHP programming in iPad
What wiki/document system do you recommend for knowledge-management?
Do I need an equivalent for MAMP to work as a Ruby Server?
How much should I pay to Microsoft when I am selling a desktop software built on VB.NET?
Are there any real benefits to a DAO layer?
What would truly happen if java.lang.String weren't final?
If a variable has getter and setter, should it be public?
What should developers know about UNIX-based systems?
solve TOR edge node problem by using .onion proxy?
Under what conditions is the use of MVVM appropriate?
Understanding Application binary interface (ABI)
Role of linking, object files and executables
Is having a switch to turn mocking on or off a code smell?
Checking at javascript level vs checking in PHP?
Should I expect recent grads to be familiar with basic programming concepts?
difference between passing a value vs passing a function as a parameter in scala
Who should define, assign, implement, and follow the tasks in Scrum?
Why after each restart, my local .NET sites take time to load for the first time?
What are the best practices regarding unsigned ints?
Is there any legal issue for copying javascript code to website
Reaction time of big companies to bug reports
Using Visual Studio with a screen reader without paying for an expensive edition
Best practices for for putting tabular data on the web for users to edit?
What can multiple threads do that a single thread cannot?
What part of your work does a company own when you program for them?
Is there any reason not to let your group of developers install third party Visual Studio add-ons?
What recommendations can you give in managing a team of remote software engineers?
Can the concept of Entropy be used to analyze source code in a useful way?
What to do when your "failing" project is actually "successful"?
How quickly, and how severely, should one sound the alarm when things look suspicious?
Documentation: What is "appropriate" when expressing a valid range for a parameter?
job handover checklist
Roll your own web crawler to crawl one specific website that has multiple entries
What to do when your work colleague doesn't understand the design trying to be maintained
Moving from developer to programming teacher
My Dad is impatient with the pace of my learning to program. What do I do?
Can someone explain how a GUI works and when I should start using one?
Improving analysis skills
C# Dynamic types
How to motivate someone(including myself) not to give up learning something?
Get code from one open source project and add it to another
Why should I write all the Statements within Try-Catch?
Does searching documentation and samples look bad?
In MVC should a model handle validation?
How to develop on Windows and test and run on Linux?
How do you define elegant code?
How is Delphi XE2 going to work across platforms?
Refactoring techniques for asp.net webforms application
What programming issues require a delay in processing a mail unsubscribe request?
When not to reuse software?
any document which says exactly what range of numbers are .NET BigIntegers designed for?
Should I plan ahead, or figure out programs as I'm writing them?
Best way to present a small application
How do you update live web sites with code changes?
How do you assign error codes?
Training materials - books vs webcasts
What are some reasonable arguments in favor of closed source software? 
How can I avoid the engineering mistakes of PDT?
Can't I just use all static methods?
How to organize a one-man project?
When you create an open source project, how to know who's participating and if his version is good?
how can you avoid version nightmare?
Rewarding programmers based on application importance
Is there a software methodology newer than Agile?
Ticketing System / Development Phase
Name for this pattern?
Why companies don't buy developers entertaining instruments?
How can I get started on my first non-trivially sized Java project?
Avoid losing time making budget
Agile Retrospective Ideas
Minimising little coding mistakes
Pushing changes to an open web page
How to better start learning programming - with imperative or declarative languages?
When does TDD fail?
Is it possible to be agile without use cases and tests?
Is there a license where all rights are granted?
Effective Strategies for Localization in .NET
xml parser vs JSON parser performance in Java / C / C++
What happens when a project switches to a different license?
What pitfalls and gotchas commonly occur when beginning with Parallel and Concurrent Programming with C?
Why does the assignment operator assign to the left-hand side?
gRaphael plugin best practices
Should the build drive your tags or should the tags drive the build?
Why would a language let programmer to handle divison by zero
How safe it is to do minor JVM upgrades?
Should I be wary of signing a non-disclosure agreement with someone I just met?
How Do You Pull Something from a Release?
What is the difference between information and data?
Rendering trillions of "atoms" instead of polygons?
Managing DLL files, deployment, and ease of use for the end user
Problem understanding what "Exporting functions means"
best practice when working with a MySQL database datadir directory
TDD negative experience
VB for C programmers
How to deal with Project Leader who doesn't involve himself in project in any way?
Patterns to avoid long switch block in UI?
Why would a company develop an atmosphere which discourage code comments?
Ip address filtering on valid user group : should we include the ip address of developers?
Should all development, including refactoring work, be accompanied by a tracking issue?
Using a standard localised data cryptography pattern with an ASP.NET MVC3 application
Wrapping my mind around prefix notation?
Good introduction to metaprogramming in Prolog?
Design choices when doing multithreading in C++
What should go in atom:author for autogenerated content in an Atom feed?
Whats the work flow with 2 people on a project
How do you think about and architect programs?
How do freelancers know how much their work is worth?
Submit code during interview
Design flaws and dealing with humiliation from it
Are there any empirical studies on the effect of different languages on software quality?
What is Oracle's commitment to Java?
Interviewing a Senior Dev when they will be far more competent at programming than the interviewer
Excessive use "final" keyword in Java
Where are octals useful?
Brainstorming questions to elicit features in new software version?
What methods were used for online payments before API's and Paypal, etc
Should I rely on Visual Studio in adding HTML and CSS?
Should I support IE compatibility mode?
Are my team's processes out of control?
Can agile be effectively used for initial development on a substantial project?
Database with version history?
Can GPL licensed code be close sourced later by the author?
How to interview for .NET/C# job a guy with experience on Progress?
Is MapReduce anything more than just an application of divide and conquer?
How to organise Website CSS
Is it good to start with a simple subset of requirements and then extend the program?
Sponsors and Advertisement in winform apps
What are the steps in beginning a large project, when all I have is a big idea?
Address validation service for a public website
Any good planning tool or method for managing several competing projects?
Is a module allowed to make implicit assumptions?
How can a server side language span many servers?
Alternatives to Java Applet for interactive Websites
Is information hiding more than a convention?
Why do we need different JS for different browsers
How can I get better at whiteboard interview questions?
Besides the IDE, libraries, and language, what are the main differences between iOS and Android development?
How can I "get in the know"?
It's my first week of work, I've got the code checked out and am told to look around it until I have an assignment next week. What do I do?
AGPL Question about Linking and Derivative Works
Is there a technical reason why you can't develop iOS apps on a Linux computer?
Store build server configuration in same repository as source code?
What is a good Planned Release/Freeze/Beta Methodology?
How do you stop yourself from bringing work home?
Using Quadratic Bezier Curves to generate a cave that stays within certain bounds
How do you keep track of latest software trends along with a demanding job?
Short Deadline and QAing Yourself
How to approach the ol' "this will just be a small application"? Yeah right?
Is SRP (Single Responsibility Principle) objective?
Using a microframework, or rolling your own
Which deployment technologies makes sense in Continuous Deployment?
Should functions always return a success/failure status?
Why do interfaces require methods over members?
Want to know performance issues of Class types & access modifiers
Switch form paragraph mode to line break mode in WYSIWYG editor because of client request?
Is it possible to deploy Perl or Python scripts in the same way as PHP scripts?
.Net - web controls and win form controls
Sign Language Recognition
Is there a design pattern for managing dependencies?
Silverlight 5 and MVVM. Do I really need other frameworks? What is the best way for rapid development?
Is there really a choice of the best language for a specific project?
How can this all fit into 64kb?
Build automation: Is it usual to use QMake for non-Qt projects?
Unit Testing For Different Environments
Ideas about how to prevent malicious code to go into production especially in case of SAAS environments
What technologies are needed to be a freelance web developer / designer targeting small businesses?
Why was Rails written in Ruby?
How does Python's handling of line-breaks differ from JavaScript's automatic semicolons?
is Ada really gone?
Is it called class or object instance?
Why does the Lisp community prefer to accumulate all the parentheses at the end of the function?
Best JavaScript Coding Structure Using Object Literal?
Why doesn't Python allow multi-line lambdas?
How prototypal inheritance is practically different from classical inheritance?
How do I store the OAuth v1 consumer key and secret for an open source desktop Twitter client without revealing it to the user?
How to design a website with search capabilities?
jQuery - programming style - many bindings vs. conditional single one
Will a Bachelor of Science in something other than Computer Science hurt a career in software development?
Microsoft certifications
How to select a most probable option from the list based on user text Input
How do I verify that a user really works for the company they signed up as?
How to apply design patterns in this scenario
3D Secure MPI providers - suitable for multiple third party payment systems?
how much time do you spend on Unit testing?
Why is Big O taught instead of Big Theta?
Is a Scrum Master needed on a high performing team?
How do I convince my boss to use REST over SOAP?
Incremental and partial drawing of the large graphs
Where can I read the original C# introduction paper by Microsoft?
How can I improve upon this "pattern"?
AOP concepts explained for the dummy
Is micro-optimisation important when coding?
When initially releasing an app, do you hold some of the features back for future releases?
Which database paradigm is suggested for a site with search capabilities?
How can I give a good presentation to important, non-technical stakeholders?
Good way to learn how to solve questions on InterviewStreet
Recent graduate with an idea, but I need some starting out advice
How should a web API handle misspelled/extra parameters?
How is the actor model used?
Who is responsible for doing a patent search?
What is the difference between K&R and One True Brace Style (1TBS) styles?
What factors influence you to try out a new framework or tool?
How can I show aptitude to prospective employers when my all my work is on internal projects?
What is "friend" keyword used for?
Is exception handling a cross-cutting concern?
What is the "PHP Way"?
In pair programming, what is each role named, and why?
How best to learn OOP concepts/principles practically?
declaration and definition
What is a good example of a software development idea or technique that was a failure?
What level of threat does selling an app on an app store present to a non-US company?
Keeping an MVC model loosely coupled from the DB?
Any alternative main stream programming methodologies to OOP using C#?
WCF + N-tier = why?
Commit whole project or commit files?
using blocking APIs with non-blocking server
Class Design and Separation Of Concerns
Philosophy behind Undefined Behavior
Silverlight 5 In or Out of Browser?
What's the standard for entity design/database connectivity for a mySQL database?
If a story is de-scoped during the iteration then what to do with its estimate/size?
Should the internal naming (classes, methods, database tables, etc) of entities be changed if the marketing and UI naming changes?
TDD - is it just about unit tests?
How did Git and Mercurial develop so similarly at the same time?
What criteria should be used to determine a programmer's salary?
Java without implementation inheritance
Rewriting IBM assembler + COBOL in C++
Good design: How much hackyness is acceptable?
What is a good code practice of when to make a function/method for small repetitive code segments?
Using snippets of open source code in my application
Implementing Lazy Registration
I am learning Java and thinking about how and when to learn Android?
VS2010 winform designer to learn, or "bottom up" approach?
Importance of hobby projects
Why doesn't HTTP have POST redirect?
distribution of programming languages in embedded systems
Managing manual test protocols
git/svn Hooks for PHP/Zend Projects
Orthogonality of unit tests vs. concision of unit tests
How to prevent hardcoding addresses in a web project?
Does scrum have any merit in defense contracting?
MonoTouch/MonoDroid + C# = trustable?
Legal proof of when a feature been implemented
Project problems from a Java beginner
Measures of Javascript engine performances over time?
What are pros and cons of using temporary "references"?
Develop fast and buggy, then correct errors or be slow, careful for each line of code?
Does defining the stopping point of a genetic algorithm defeat the purpose of the algorithm?
Keys as attributes for ajax calls
How to flag a class as under development in Java
Do programmers need to know about graphic designing?
one programmer, many languages -- the name dilemma
Using continuous build results as part of performance review metrics?
Why (not) segmentation?
Model Design: Which layers should access resources?
Should I create a new database for a public website when the data already exists?
Do I have the wrong idea about software engineering?
How to effectively manage source control for project with both open and closed source?
Where to put common shared methods
Should organizations penalize developers for the amount of defect reports filed against code they worked on?
How do I view Scala code without all the syntactic sugar?
What's the difference between an Asset and a Resource?
Do you throw an argumentexception or argumentnullexception from private methods?
How to begin writing a relational SQL database
Should one test for algorithmic complexity? If so, how?
Best practices working with frameworks that invent their own types [more of a C/C++ question]
Tools and/or methods for regular Code review of Remote development team
Naming UI components in web based editor
Correlation between two curves
Programming late at night problem
Using Backbone.js with ASP.Net MVC
Choosing between CL and Python for web development
What does Google or Microsoft get by hosting JS files on their Content Delivery Networks (CDN)?
Can we develop ASP.NET MVC application with MySQL as the database?
Standard/Proper way of counting lines of code?
Switching to Windows Identity Foundation - Should we use the SQL Server role and membership provider?
Small companies and software licensing
Example for explaining object-oriented concepts
What is the relationship between the Dynamic Language Runtime and  C# 4.0?
What workflow do you use with asp.net web forms development and your design department
How can a web site be set up using the MVC Pattern? (Without MS ASP.NET MVC)
UnitTests, will cleaning up your act-statement make your test more or less clear?
Can static and dynamically typed languages be seen as different tools for different types of jobs?
How far should I take email address validation when the cost of bad emails is high?
How do i put my head around ISAPI Filters
Is there any evidence that Intellisense reduces productivity?
Is learning C# as a first language a mistake?
Can I safely use an open source library in an internal closed-source project?
One global HashMap vs. many local HashMaps?
New Silverlight app. MVVM. RIA Services vs CSLA
Price Comparison Database Scema
What are the most common mistakes and anti-patterns NHibernate user programmers make?
Is it a code smell if an object knows a lot of its owner?
The best method to get personal projects done
Should we choose Java over C# for a new project?
When is a loop "non-trivial"?
How to design an algorithm-heavy and object-light application
Java class version specific naming conventions
Is it a good idea to do contract work for a former full time employer?
Are there any notable examples of business disasters directly attrutible to open-source software?
Wrapping basic functions in high-level functional-programming languages
Functional testing must be done by external party to avoid bias?
How to organize Javascript and AJAX with PHP?
I'm questioning my education choice because they say there's no place for old programmers
function pointers are so complex to me
Making money from developing Open Source Software. How does that work?
When should you rewrite?
Making money with Open Source as a developer?
Is it time to do away with 'front-end' and 'back-end' as tech jargon?
MVVM light Communication
How can I be most productive in Visual Studio when limited to small screen space?
API design pitfalls in C
What is an algorithmic programming language?
Need to make a stock inventory application
Domain-Driven-Design - external dependencies in the Entity problem
Do you write unit testing or TDD as a line item requirement into your contracts or statements of work?
What would motivate you to do free programming work for work after work?
What do you do to make the client understand that requirements not mentioned in contract should be charged separately?
Is SQL important if I know ORM frameworks well?
What kind of licensing is required for Visual FoxPro?
How do you unit test private methods?
ASP.NET vs ASP.NET MVC
What are the trademark guidelines for Java technologies?
Subset counting algorithm
Multiple inheritance use cases
What is the biggest obstacle ASP.NET MVC ever had for you? Why and how it can be fixed?
Why applications don't have constraint-based security?
Parallel programming library? (+ some features)
What is an effective way to convert a shared memory-mapped system to another data access model?
What is understood under "unit" in unit testing
What is the best practice for reading a large number of custom settings from a text file?
What are some effective ways of helping someone learn a programming language/framework in a focused way?
How to balance code quality vs strong developer personalities
How far can I push refactoring without changing external behavior?
What is an effective way to familiarize yourself with a new application in a new language (and still look productive at a new job)?
Should 'mathematical' functions follow mathematical notation?
Are static classes with static methods considered SOLID?
What exactly undefined means in JavaScript? Why it's there? What usages it has? How it could be useful?
Which framework should a ruby beginner start with: rails or sinatra?
Is it practical to use Twitter for service logs?
Is C++0x Compatible with C?
Company wants thoughts about their site during interview
Tips for achieving "continual" delivery
How do you annotate instantiation in UML class diagrams?
What causes floating point rounding errors?
Are there problems with using Reflection?
Using grammars to extract bibliographic citations
Are there any private code review communities?
Did jQuery kill the JavaScript discussions?
Any ideas for a good way to get HTML Text-To-Speech?
Silverlight - modularity. Best way to physically separate binaries?
Will my communication skills be wasted in a software engineering career?
Why did Microsoft make parameters, local variables and private fields have the same name naming convention?
Databases and Unit/Integration Testing
Understanding the Macro Aspects of Data Structures
Java SE and Java EE?
Will it ever be possible to build quality websites with editors alone, without needing to know HTML?
Unit testing vs Integration Testing
Which Linux distro to pick for volunteering?
What good reasons are there to capitalise SQL keywords?
What's the difference between stateful and stateless?
What is best practice on ordering parameters in a function?
Are rollback and roll-forward transactions equivalent for fault tolerance?
Do I need to deal with the situation where private methods are called through reflection?
Is Functional Programming possible in Java?
Will there be any official LINQ like lambda based library for C++?
Implementing a machine learning algorithm to detect the region of an address
Why do so many libraries have no/poor documentation?
What to do with a not well organized application?
Into which artifact does one package intermediate classes?
Does Scrum turn active developers into passive developers?
How to handle storing the login data for various projects and web servers?
Given C++ '11 Was Approved, Does This Change How A C++ Beginner Learns The Language?
Size of database a factor for Hibernate vs JDBC?
Risks in giving out distribution cert/private key/provisioning profile to freelancer
What do I call a non-MVC pattern?
Logging-in and database connectivity in Android
In a web application backed by a database, how often should I validate data?
Is it acceptable to use lambda functions\methods in business software?
Is it possible to create and boot a scratch-built Operating System for iTouch devices?
Custom vs. browser-native scrollbars
How do I deal with a slow and undedicated colleague in the team?
Storing hierarchical template into a database
Non-transactional Database and Integration Testing
Influences on the design of Dynamic objects by Alan Kay
Charging for a project where you retain the IP for the end product
How do I partially add PHP namespacing to a library without breaking existing code?
Why do websites have to ask language and country when the browser can tell them that?
Is it a good idea to use Header("Content-Type [...]"); in the core file of a CMS?
Further writings by Rob Pike on software complexity and design
Synonyms for operators
What's it like to work in a large programming team?
Creating a New Scripting Language For the Learning Experience?
A modern review of Java
Which books or references cover design of domain specific languages?
Ruby IDE code completion
Is SCRUM Methodology a good technique to go with in crucial deadline project?
What are the boundaries of the product owner in scrum?
Do you do any validation on directories when recursively deleting them?
In pseudo code what does := mean?
Scrum re-estimation of stories
US Software Patents
Are there still any companies/academic centers that use mainframes from 60s-70s?
Do you sign each of your source files with your name?
When writing a library, how much should the end user do?
How to best approach planning and budgeting of software performance optimization efforts?
What is the best strategy for quickly implementing small business applications?
Is there an analogue to "FizzBuzz" for choosing clients?
What does the 'cyclomatic complexity' of my code mean?
Why is the c family the standard CS study regiment for Mathematics/CS programs instead of the LISP family?
Why is Objective-C not widely used beyond Cocoa environments?
How much should Developers interact with Clients?
Class as first-class object
How can I improve my user interface and usability design skills?
Rails: controllers vs models which should handle file manipulation
What's the difference between an API and an SDK?
XML vs SQL for small projects?
How can a borderline beginner jump into open source?
Incanter for real world statistical projects
Anyone experienced in Gaming/Gambling industry?
Is Groovy going away?
How do I cluster strings based on a relation between two strings?
Are there pre-made commercial software licenses to choose from?
Should I use try catch in my test methods?
What is the biggest support a boss can give to his/her developers?
Pros/Cons for a Data Structure covering multiple databases?
Advantages of a left to right language syntax
Why isn't the line count in Visual Studio zero-based?
TTS on App Engine
can we do scaling by throwing ruby stone
What Features of an IDE Would Make It More Useful Than A General Purpose Editor
Should the usage of DI/IoC remove all occurrences of the "new" keyword?
Have any of you tried "Basic for Android"?
Why are data structures so important in interviews?
Why isn't Java used for modern web application development?
why is it easy to break verification images if they are not distorted to the extent that humans can get them wrong too?
Is there a minimum team size required to see a benefit from Agile?
What is a domain of automatic testing tools such as ScalaCheck?
Naming conventions and organization of packages
Am I Over-Engineering If I Consider User's Intentional Wrongdoing?
Should CMS be coupled with presentation?
source code check in / validation best practices
Evaluating third-party libraries
How can you measure your own daily contributions?
Should UTF-16 be considered harmful?
How to model future iPhone application GUI?
Is there an encyclopedia of algorithms?
Should jQuery DOM manipulation be avoided in favor of JavaScript template engines?
How can I start shipping code?
restful web development in scala
Hit the Upper Limit for Cross Platform API Capabilities
Do donations count as "commercial use"?
Is there an equivalent of mod_rewrite for Twisted web?
File shredder algorithm
Is the "Objects First" approach a good idea?
Is there any difference between Custom Control and User Control in .NET
How to structure multiple overlapping solutions / projects in .Net?
Difference between statechart and sequence diagram
How do you manage cross-class dependencies on destruction/design (more of a C++ question)
Why do we love using i?
Is thinking out loud during an interview really the best strategy?
How to automate a tasks system in a CMS software
Are software developers who ignore quality/standards better for the company?
How can my multinational transition from one development platform to another?
When should development stop and QA begin?
Is it possible to get a job in a high-demand company without having hobby projects?
EF vs. NHibernate
c# Web Content Filter
How do you track your progress in a project?
Is distributing patches in compliance with the GPL?
Are There Realistic/Useful Solutions for Source Control for Ladder Logic Programs
backup visual studio folder and sql database
Should a developer also act as a tester?
How can I comply with Open Source licenses, and yet protect my own work + App Store
What are the benefits and disadvantages in the approaches of C#, Java and Scala to Closures/Lambdas/...?
PBI vs User Story
What is more standard shortening for "regular expression", "regex" or "regexp"?
Software Design Idea for multi tier architecture
Are custom DSLs still viable?
What's the difference between ASP.NET Web Applications and Websites?
Should I stick with or abandon Python to deal with concurrency?
What does it mean to drop support for Internet Explorer 6?
how to advance into higher level functional programming
Is there a standard pseudocode for parallel algorithms?
Pointless Code In Your Source
Dealing with multiple business requirement streams without compromising team size
If TDD is about design why do I need it?
Who becomes the product owner?
Masters vs. PhD - long
What should I do before open sourcing a project?
What is the benefit of not using Hungarian notation?
Copyright assignment on open source projects
What does it mean to be agile?
Does agile development need a framework in place first?
How should contributions to an open source project be managed by the owner(s)?
What is a good workflow for a C++ beginner?
Why am I seeing more boolean naming conventions where "is" is used as the first word in the variable (eg, IsUserAdmin vs UserIsAdmin)?
Is this agile? Scrum? How to improve agility?
Modifying an open source application
How to turn truth table into smallest possible if / else block
When would polling for events be better than using observer pattern?
Is running an executable as a child process the same as linking a library?
Is it possible to make something open-source without publishing it?
What is the minimum subset of best/well-known practices in software development for a solo programmer?
Should the syntax for disabling code differ from that of normal comments?
Best practices for graph representation of a system architecture?
How do I isolate difficult to reproduce bugs?
How to explain that it's hard to estimate the time required for a bigger software project?
How do I avoid "Developer's Bad Optimization Intuition"?
What makes for "good style" in Java?
Is there a GPL-compatible software license for libraries which allows static linking, but requires redistribution of library source code?
How to avoid being sued for your software?
Can software licensed under GNU General Public License v3 be sold by the original author?
How do I appropriately license my open-source project?
I'm writing about language syntax. Is there a language out there in which parameters are placed inside method name?
Iterators versus 'cursors' in Java
Is there a canonical book on x86 assembly?
Using Fonts in your Applications
How to tell if a license is compatible with your program?
Formal requirements analysis
Diagramming large and complex application code
Post-Project Meeting a Waste of Time?
Portable programming style
How risky is it to use Coffeescript without knowing Javascript?
Reuse Other Company's Content For Same Client
Should we use python 2.6 or 2.7 or 3.x?
What is the typical Pythonic view on re-using python modules outside of their initial intent?
Should a special version of a website be developed for tablet users?
Password insanity! Recommended approaches to password management on multiple client systems?
Should I remove unreferenced code?
What are the algorithms behind low pause GC?
Why is it unrealistic to expect all browsers to support the same standards?
Avoid ELSE when setting a variable?
How can variables be created at runtime?
What's happens if I develop a program taking inspiration from another GNU GPL application?
Why there is a testing team?
What tools do PHP Developers use?
How does css3 hardware acceleration work?
What ever happened to the Google AJAX Search API
What is Visual Studio Lightswitch and how does it differ from normal Visual Studio versions?
Avoiding wrapper objects in collections
When would dynamic scoping be useful?
Promoting scalability in small business applications
How to handle "can you add just a few more fields" type of requests from customers?
How do you report "startup experience" on your resume?
Data Mining Books
Rails data model - best practices question
Work Item type for refactoring duplicate methods (i.e. turning them into 1)
Why is DRY important?
Implementing technical paper algorithms in C++ or MATLAB
Best design for data entry UI
Scrum: how to handle backlog-items that are longer than one sprint
Can I use MIT licence plugins in my commercial web site?
How do you help your fellow programmers to grow?
How can you tell good programmers from the average one?
Which tool to use for creating application releases?
Books on custom iPhone interface development?
iOS version/device statistics - where can I find?
Balance between workload and helping new-hires
How to best annotate MVC custom action filters?
Why does the Git community seem to ignore side-by-side diffs
How to deal with potential enterpreneur developer in a IT startup
Mahout's Flexibility for generating recommendations
How should I document a Python script?
How do I handle refactoring that takes longer than one sprint?
Is this considered repeating code?
Any best practices for a distributed agile team?
Is it a bad practice to stop providing support for outdated software if updates are free and easy?
Tutorial for getting started with bare bone rails
Handling requests RESTfully?
Any suggestions for pair programming with external resource?
Drawing the line between models & libraries?
what is the correct/best way to populate a secondary property of an MVC Model and how do I unit test it?
How should I handle invalid user input?
In a javascript only web application, what state information should the URL contain?
DB centric iPhone app question
What was the first hierarchical file system?
Ideas on making potential customer trust the web-site database
Thoughts on Development using Virtual Machines
How is dependency inversion related to higher-order functions?
Does every ASP.NET Web Application has a Single Application Domain?
How do you learn a language's standard framework/API/functionality?
What is an efficient way to retrieve product counts at multiple levels of a hierarchy?
Adding unit tests to a legacy, plain C project
Switching from SVN to Mercurial: one repository or many?
What is the difference between a prototype and a production level solution?
What is the most orthogonal programming language?
How to tackle a boss/manager who likes to race the coders
Should Unit Testing be used in Prototypes?
What's a good way to store/load a word list with thousands of entries?
Can I develop GUI in MonoTouch and MonoDroid with a shared .NET backend?
Is a partially familiar scripting language desirable?
Is it OK to Use Dropbox in a Web Installer?
Does it violate the license to use Windows XP Mode with Virtual Box?
How can one manage thousands of IF...THEN...ELSE rules?
Where does "isolating complexities" lie in the realm of design principles?
What are linkers and loaders? How do they work?
What is the best way to exchange files via authenticated web service?
ASP vs javascript vs jQuery vs User Controls vs AJAX
What has been learned about making variance part of the type?
When developing a piece of software, when do you start thinking/designing the concurrent sections?
Classes naming: singular or plural?
Is functional decomposition really an antipattern?
Quality vs Time
What "business things" should a programmer know about their company and team?
Developers Terms and Conditions
What is a good intro to cloud-computing architecture?
why are all the functional programming tutorials so mathy?
Database Application Design Best Practices
Performance vs. Laziness: Why use setters from within a class?
Is it acceptable to deploy web app to production directly from SVN
Why the decline in search traffic for popular programming languages?
What does GWT not provide that straight AJAX coding gives?
What is negative code?
Creating an a project-site for an open source project
Code Style for XAML
Automatic programming: write code that writes code
Website Planning Help
Are there any .NET based framework for working with English language?
How to implement DRY principle when using 'using' keyword?
Is the C programming language still used?
Should a competent programmer be able to come up with his own shortest path algorithm?
Reestimation (ideal hours + elapsed time)
Compute costs of bad code
Why and when should I make a class 'static'? What is the purpose of 'static' keyword on classes?
CSS remote contract
How can you demonstrate scalabity and load balancing property of a cloud application on Windows Azure?
Best resources to really understand run-time complexity
When to Use workflow engines?
I have a hard time explaining what I learn
What defines robust code?
Single Line Statements & Good Practices
Which platform to choose, Java or .NET?
Scaling yourself up against a better programmer/role model?
Dealing with change requests from clients for an old system that only take 5 minutes to implement
How to make models do more than setting and getting data and validation
Ideas on writing a meaningful resume which is not a compilation of buzz words?
Formatting 'Complex' Math
"Joel test" for B2B hardware/software developers
How can I configure my programming environment to enable rapid switching between projects?
Will you consider a Software Team Lead position with previous employer
Would it be ethical to create an open source alternative to the software you've been hired to create?
Programming your own linux distribution?
What's the best way to version a multi-component project
Is the JavaScript syntax the same for all browsers?
Is it efficient to attach a comment on every function?
Best practices for releasing an open source PHP application
How does one get a group of programmers together for a project?
practical way to learn C?
What are the disadvantages of using/writting a .Net Custom Membership Provider?
How do you deal with errors in enumeration / list processing (lowish-level API)
Supplying code to people helping you debug?
Are Java certifications important for an architect role?
What's the relationship between Java EE and Glassfish?
Guidance choosing tools for developing cross-platform mobile app
Why is extending the DOM/built-in object prototypes a bad idea?
best practice when unit testing for embedded development
Identify Service Oriented Architecture
License on papers published at universities?
Is Razor or XSLT better for my project?
What are the most common algorithms in the field of computational geometry?
Ruby on Rails downsides and caveats
Why do XSLT editors insert tab or space characters into XSLT to format it?
How to get better at testing your own code
What do you think of opening brace comments in source code?
Is it better to have separate Create and Edit actions or combine Create and Edit into one?
What is the limit to the number of a class methods?
How to commit in-progress refactoring?
How do you manage workflow tasks for a distributed team?
Multitasking how to keep track of what you're doing
Are RSpec and Cucumber really worth it?
What has been your experience with SQL CLR for complex business logic?
What determines when a computer is considered a "client"?
Clever PHP Application Organization Structures?
What are advantages and disadvantages of browser rapid release cycles for web developers?
How do you decide where functionality should belong in a large-scale project?
When developing algorithms, is skipping the pen&paper phase a bad habit?
Determine Better Coding Practice
Over normalization in database
Should a function use premature returns or wrap everything in if clauses?
Model-View-Controller and client-side concurrency responsibility
How do I make web-application development less frustrating?
Algorithm design for comparing split times in a race
What are the reasons that make PHP more popular for freelancing world?
Choosing the type of Index Variables
Multiple Joins or Simple Readable Database Calls
Where to look for challenging jobs with a relaxed atmosphere?
Infinite Bitmap
Real-time chat in Ruby on Rails without owning a server
Why is JavaScript not used for classical application development (compiled software)?
What comes first, the ruby chicken or the homebrew egg?
Java: would you use an EnumSet in this case?
Should the domain model  include all the domain entities in my project?
What are some good criteria for using Tracer Bullets?
Scrum roles mixed up
What could be a good team building activity to improve estimation skills?
What constitutes authorship for software documentation?
Are compilers used outside of development?
Is there a name for the not given/null/empty-problem?
Developing an internet-enabled application as a Kiosk on Windows 7
Remake old web forms application in asp.net mvc
Is an assocative array ordered?
Can one truly develop a programming style?
Using TSQL for the first time some basic instructions
Best open source ASP.NET MVC e-commerce projects
Having a Git repo and mercurial in the same directory
What does it mean for software, libraries, and languages to be asynchronous?
How important are PHP notices really?
Are there languages that make it easier to understand secure coding principles?
What do people in IT consulting firms do?
Managing SQL Stored Procedures' Version
Creating a Django development and production app
What is the difference between the Controller in MVC and ViewModel in MVVM?
Which language and GUI toolkit would you use for a prototype program?
"It was working yesterday, I swear!" What can you do?
Videos on Unit Testing
Composition of a dev team
Limitations of copy/cut paste functions in System.IO
Daily Scrum Meeting (Burndown chart)
Why so many layers with domainobject like objects in an application?
Manager keeps changing requirement specification after every demo
How can I practice implementing data structures and algorithms?
Should a developer accept a workload estimation done by a Excel macro?
Web application development security best practices
What's the best way for me to get started using version control in an opensource project?
If I have two developer license accounts with Apple, can I easily switch between the two for app development and publishing?
How should C++ Unit Test code be organized for maximum Unit Test efficiency?
Naming for a REST webservice
How do you find your way in deeply nested, interfacey code?
Do private static methods in C# hurt anything?
What are common Silverlight specific mistakes/pitfalls developers should avoid?
Are the different available programming languages redundant?
What is a good practice for reading culture (language) info for users of a web app?
Development platform for .NET development?
Difference between free and open software?
ASP.Net MVC ambigious action methods - why the path choosen
How and when do you scale Azure instances?
Testing Data : Should I Create a bogus test case?
What Types of Stories Should Be In a Sprint Review?
What is the most compatible, widely used production language to export knowledge and skills gained from Haskell?
Are By-Design "Bugs" a Bad Sign?
How to handle technological "Dogmatism"
What is the reason for creating the symbols ∞ on the client side?
Does Microsoft have a free version of Visual Studio?
Where to Start When Making a Web Application on Your Own
Wiki-like tool for writing specifications and documentation
Store images in the database, or in files with a database link?
how could I interview for a C# position if I master Java
Learning potentially unrelated materials on company's dime, is it acceptable?
Why can't I edit an SVN commit message?
Agile methods and Databases at the start of the project
Data services methods naming
How can I use Windows Workflow for validation of a Silverlight application?
Where to start fixing a complex bug?
Creating a Performance Model for a Legacy product
How to manage time for studying while working?
What are the deliverables to give to the client for a web application ?
How can I sharpen my team player skills?
How do I tell if a Company is really serious about Agile and Scrum?
Is there a name for this design pattern, using hooks/callbacks?
What is the reason to put prefixes in new CSS features?
How to improve enterprise level application that consists of only static methods
How could the first C++ compiler be written in C++?
Is there a chart for helping me decide between open-source licenses?
Why should I use an MVC pattern?
Using HBase or Cassandra for a token server
Architectural differences between dynamic and static languages
suggesting large changes/a rewrite as an intern
SCRUM technical artifacts
What is the senior web developer's role in the team?
Easy to customize .NET CMS with ecommerce facility
Programmer Ethics: Can I fork a project from one code host to another?
Why were concepts (generic programming) conceived when we already had classes and interfaces?
What is a good way to reset the Primary Key?
Applying SOLID principles
What's the difference between the terms "protocol" and "standard"?
Examples and resources for writing a development proposal for a client
What should I expect from a technical evaluation for C++?
What are the most relevant books on software task estimation for individuals?
Are there revision repositories which implement commenting on revisions other than a fixed single commit message?
Is it better to develop apps using a platform specific technology or web technologies?
is it realistic to make use of HTML5 local storage to store CSS, and JavaScript
What is the correct definition of Moore's law
Do some languages make it easier to build graphically-intensive GUIs?
Inject dependency as method parameter instead of constructor parameter
How to pick a web application software engineer?
How do you organise your git repositories?
What is the best "bucket-fill" algorithm?
DRY with Dynamic SQL vs. prepared statements
How do you tackle really bizarre errors that keep you puzzled for more than 10 hours?
Watermarking an image with the text given as input
Are there minimum quality standards for .NET applications?
"Anything can go wrong will go wrong" - Murphy's Law. so is it necessary to test all the conditional, exception cases?
HTML5 card game
Can I brand my open-source application?
Web development in a small team - best practices
How can I study C# from Stack Overflow
Is there a reason for initial overconfidence of scientists and engineers working on artificial intelligence in the 1960s?
How to determine the source of a request in a distributed service system?
Looking for good books about the theory behind search engines
Is return-type-(only)-polymorphism in Haskell a good thing?
Should we rewrite it from scratch
What is the object-oriented thought process?
Have you ever found a bug you can't solve? What do you do in that case?
C++ to friend or not to friend
Should I make public my implementation of a published algorithm?
Common to use linear programming?
Is it okay to use a short EULA?
Should I use one database per application or share a single database amongst multiple applications
How have you got chances to learn multiple languages?
Storing passwords for usage in scripts
Best Practices for Corporate Sponsorship of Open Source Project
How do you change how intellij auto formats code?
Does project architecture have a strong relation to used libraries?
Do I need to understand pointers to use C++?
Why prefer a wildcard to a type discriminator in a Java API (Re: Effective Java)
What is better for prototyping: a statically-typed language, or a dynamically-typed one?
Favoring Immutability in Database Design
Is it better to team up with a graphical designer, or to piece out design work to a contractor?
What is the best way to maintain software tool chains?
PHP as a scripting language
Do the young minds need to learn the pointer concepts?
Is there a term for the error-handling anti-pattern of discarding all available info and just returning failure?
centralized hosted application framework or "private copies" for each program?
Can you change code distributed under the MIT license, and re-distribute it under the GPL license?
Agile methodology for a single developer working on a prototype
Who owns this work?
Is anyone doing "real" TDD with Visual-C++, and if yes, how do they do it?
What's the purpose of 'so that' clause in user story definition?
What is the best way to comment a deprecated class in Java?
Why contribute to non-free open source projects?
C++ wrapper for "releasing" a singleton object
Project management tool built into visual studio
What is a *slightly* less extreme equivalent to being "fluent" in a language?
Nightly builds for one-man projects
Product Owner and automated tests
When should development branches be created?
JavaScript's prompt, confirm and alert considered "old-fashioned"
Term for domain specific business object?
Best way to use source control for a project (1-3 people)
how to create a new "Custom Conditional Statement" in programming language
Is it a good idea to use width and height properties with the < td > tag?
Opposite term of indent
Is it okay to have many Abstract classes in your application?
Being stupid to get better productivity?
How can I use Scrum with a freelance team?
Can applications override the OS keyboard layout?
Test-driven development and improving white box testing skills
Work experience instead of education?
Which .NET REST approach/technology/tool should I use?
What is the point of the prototype method?
Can you write a (dynamic) website using only XHTML and CSS?
How to release project under public domain?
What is the best way to INSERT a large dataset into a MySQL database (or any database in general)
How do you approach a new project where the code has already been written?
What is the best way to validate the following data?
Standards to constraint HTML renderer in only US-EN
What is a good start for small web-design projects?
My boss wants a narrated line-by-line English explanation of our code
What are good questions to ask a sales engineer candidate?
Should development methods squash a developer's individualism?
How much effort goes into maintaining a build system?
What is the best way to scale a CQRS system?
HTTP requests/responses analyser for Android
"positively formulated" vs. "reads as english sentence" style logic
Is Java instanceof operator considered reflection, and what defines reflection?
Question about raw Javascript vs frameworks in interviews
Copyleft Licenses - Need to attribute?
What should you include in a development approach document?
Writing documentation for well understood methods like equals in Java
What factors should I be looking at to increase performance in image resizing?
Should you refactor existing code that is not broken in a project focused on new features?
When conducting a code review, should the focus be on the completeness of the requirement?
Idea for a domain specific language or DLR port?
Why do some functional languages need software transactional memory?
Lists & Collections in MVVM - which approach to take?
What does artifact mean?
What standards does your team use for your specification documents headers and footers?
What pattern helps to compose nested views at runtime?
What are the advantages of showing line numbers in a text editor?
Namespace and class name guidelines
Is performing a Waterfall every 2 weeks considered agile development?
Developing a simple web-application?
Managing references in open source .NET project?
How to Quantify the Value of Unit Testing
Pass in single settings object vs multiple setter methods?
How important is it to be syntactically correct during an interview?
Why and for what reasons developers may not like "daily scrum"?
In simple words what are are the purposes of abstract classes and/or interfaces?
Are there technical reasons for an immediate update following a fresh download/install?
What are the current problems involved in software engineering programming patterns?
In a 4 hour Powershell 101 class should I skip for/while/do and just teach ForEach-Object
Most efficient way to learn java if you already know how to code?
Does C99 make the K&R book outdated? If so what to recomend in its place?
Which is best programming style to start learning to programm POP or OOP?
What can you do about the quality of existing integration and unit tests while being the new guy in a team ?
Best option for PDF viewer embedded in web app
Should a design document contain a discussion of the pros/cons to a given design or should it focus on facts and rationale?
Constant database calls or store in objects?
How should I choose the right Android phone for testing my app?
Does forcing a user to add numbers or uppercase letters really make a password stronger?
Can you write an unambiguous specification in a natural language like English?
Difference between templates in JavaScript and design patterns
Writing a game engine using javascript
How to tackle complex business rule and logic?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the various git modes available for emacs?
Is wrapping third-party API calls a design smell?
Planning to write research paper - Tips or resources?
Difference between Idiom and Design Pattern?
Reasons for C++ Prototyping
Injecting properties/settings into an application
Should I unit test
Don't like my current job, want to leave, how to explain this in a job interview?
What is ideal range (Min and Max date) for Calendar backup?
Saying "no" to people asking questions
How should one handle "free projects"? Should one accept them or not?
In Scrum, why shouldn't the Product Owner and ScrumMaster roles be combined?
Perks for new programmers
How can I best implement 'cache until further notice' with memcache in multiple tiers?
How is Node.js different from other server-side frameworks?
How to "read" rails apps?
How can we design mobile chatting XMPP server
Where to find resources to write a program like sandboxie?
Approaches to updating and adding features to PHP websites
How do you determine a 'release' date when a team uses Scrum
Difference between these 3 manager roles
Under what circumstances are flowcharts still a valuable and useful tool?
How do I decide whether to take a job I can't add to my portfolio?
Which database to prefer while developing a WPF medical inventory system?
emacs - project explorer and auto complete features - is it available?
When should I start learning a PHP Framework
How should I specify a grammar for a parser?
Using Paypal (or similar) to log into my site?
When to release a lite version of an iOS app?
Comparison of operator overloading abuse in different languages
Reference website for CSS 3 properties (like box-reflect)
Could spending time on Programmers.SE or Stack Overflow be substitute of good programming books for a non-beginner?
How to pay more attention to detail as a developer?
Space complexity of Iterative Deepening DFS
Patterns for ajax-heavy web applications
How much Stack Overflow reputation makes it worth putting in CV?
Web Developers not learning "traditional" techniques?
Using third-party libraries - always use a wrapper?
Developing BlackBerry app with 3rd party content
Is it okay to fake part of the class under test?
Is IronScheme complete enough or stable enough to be worth learning?
What do we mean by "design" in software engineering?
Estimate of each localization's prospects on Mac App Store
Should "tags" be an nvarchar field in a table, or should it be another table altogether?
Licensing for a commercial Blackberry app
When should I be offloading work to a GPU instead of the CPU?
What programming problems are best solved by using pointers?
Are there any academic papers on the merits of imperative over functional programming?
How to remove duplicate code (in general)?
Workflow for a plugin assignment
How to teach a script to detect sarcasm?
Which development methodology for a solo programmer on a 1 month project?
How Do I calculate the the "Human Resources/Effort" for a programming project?
Which software methodology works when you are in learning phase of a technology?
Is it common to separate back-end and front-end into two positions on web development projects?
Teaching C++ to first time high school students: Where to draw the line?
Managing software projects - advice needed
How to handle fired listeners exceptions
Submit issue, pull request, or both for a very small fix?
Warning-free Objective C code
How a port "listens", pull or push?
Should we embed virtual machines rather than languages
Computer Science and other advance topics taught in javascript
Why C++ cannot adopt D's approach for its concept implementation?
What percentage of bugs should be stamped out before a project can be accepted as a stable release?
As a teen, how can I find "friends" for programming
Observer pattern over HTTP and TCP/IP (Server-Client)
Find the average speed for roads
Violation of the DRY Principle
Is there any work into the application of the Halstead complexity measures to determine software quality?
One-line functions that are called only once
What is the difference between artificial intelligence (AI) and swarm intelligence?
How to design a system that allows for multiple parallel extensions of the same "component"?
Reinventing the wheel because it doesn't exist
What is the origin and meaning of the phrase “Lambda the ultimate?”
Is there a specific design strategy that can be applied to solve most chicken-and-egg problems while using immutable objects?
Is there is a case when there is no any reasonable replacement for singleton design pattern?
Need advice on designing interactions between various parts of my application
Tdd on a datadriven webapp
Arguments for or against using Try/Catch as logical operators
Removing elements of an 'at least one' association
How do I go about data deduplication at scale?
What should I name this helper class?
Proper OO design for State and Command
How are my licensing options limited when I use and/or include other projects in my own?
With agile, what do when a user story doesn't get completed in an iteration?
Can daily reports decrease a developer's productivity?
How to describe framework/features of a java application for client presentation?
How often do you actually use design patterns?
Recursion without factorial, Fibonacci numbers etc
What can you do to decrease the number of deployment bugs of a live website?
Using Visual Foxpro DBF with ASP.NET as opposed to SQL Server
question, the best data structure and algorithm
AGPL - what you can do and what you can't
To branch or not to branch?
When should I use a 2-property class over a pre-built structure like a KeyValuePair?
What is the best idea to put available OS (linux) and Web application to client?
PHP vs C# performance
How long should a sprint planning meeting last?
How does Python work?
Next in Concurrency
Comparing Visual Foxpro with .NET
THREADS: Kernel threads vs. Kernel-supported threads vs. User-level threads?
What is O in Big O?
Should we encourage coding styles in favor of developer's autonomy, or discourage it in favor of consistency?
What other languages, beside Transact SQL, state that 22/7 is equal to 3?
Mobile PC Remote
When doing up a quote, do I see my client in person, or send it via email?
*Code owner* system: is it an efficient way?
Master, Slave: Politically Correct Version
Interviews: How far to go on DVCS experience?
Is there a fundamental reason for keeping file systems and versioning systems separate?
Other things to learn for becoming a Database Admin/Developer?
If the purpose of a single complicated LOC is clear, would you bother to split it on to multiple lines to make its method clear as well?
Login with Twitter or Facebook - How to link accounts
Is it an inefficient workflow to write out code and THEN go back and optimize?
Is programming a profession not for a person with speech impairment?
a better approach for reviewing performance of developers?
Why it is called "hash table", or "hash function"? Hash doesn't make any sense to me here
How hard would it be for Microsoft to support deployment of .net apps onto OSX and linux
Are developers more productive at night?
How can I explain the usefulness of Inheritance?
What made jQuery so popular? What is offers that other JavaScript libraries don't?
Coding dojos on regular basis
Architecture of interaction modes ("paint tools") for a 3D paint program
Namespaces and naming
does quicksort provide less swapping step?
Guess if a time is AM or PM
The business and architecture challenge behind creating effective user stories
Bogarting the Data Access Layer
Is it worth evaluating compiler optimization on trivial cases?
Why are interfaces useful?
How should I communicate the specifics of cloud computing (as compared to other)
In agile (scrum), how do you go about breaking down a user story?
What core skills does a new Computer Science Graduate need to be employable?
what are your web application server side layering design rules and the best practices you like to apply?
Documentation often ommits to specify which flavour of regular expression to use, so is there a default flavour that we should all be familiar with?
MPL 1.1 and APL 2.0 License compatibility
Java developing server-client solutions
Is there a freelance website dedicated to high-end work, like writing compilers?
Extracting user requirements from a person who does not know how to express himself
Io (Language) IDE/Compiler
Search multiple tables
Does TDD's "Obvious Implementation" mean code first, test after?
Why is the dollar sign used to abbreviate the description of a cache?
Where can I find high-quality resources for programmers who are not-English speakers?
What are the benefits of using comments
Why is the 'final' keyword used so little in the industry?
Integration tests across a 3-tier .NET solution
Examples of composition in software engineering?
Application development practices in a non-software company
Is there a correlation between code complexity and developer productivity?
N queens, X by Y board decision problem interview question
How would you quantify quality?
Do modular PHP frameworks really improve applications?
Legal issues with an NDA that I do not want to sign
Using SVN along with WAMP
Explicit or implicit looping?
Boss wants to convert all developers to virtualized desktops
What's the reasoning behind the "I" prefix naming convention for interfaces in .NET?
On what basis would you split donation money among your open source team members without any strife?
Why are so many HTML tables used in page markup?
What should I include in XML documentation comments?
Product Owner introduces ungroomed (unfamiliar, not estimated) User Story(s) into the Sprint Planning meeting
WinRT and .NET: What is it, where do i place it and what does it change?
Common Qt Producer/Consumer Example: What is the point of multithreading here?
Team of 1: Do I need Project Management & Versioning Software?
Conversion of a number from Single precision floating point representation to a Half precision floating point
What are "Metro apps"?
why getMonth() starts with 0
How to transition a small team developing on a remote testserver from svn to git
Sequel vs S-Q-L
STDOUT and its impurity
Tips for planning a rewrite of a large PHP project?
WinRT for 'desktop' apps
Is there a need for garbage collection in a stack-based language?
Moving from one man project to team project in the future. What should I be doing now in preparation and what can wait?
Can GPL-licensed software be resold?
Are suffix trees and suffix arrays identical? What are the differences?
how to start with ASP.NET MVC 3 razor
can a team lead's work ever be done working remotely
What makes a piece of software an Engine?
Java and .NET: Why different sorting algorithms are used by default?
Does anyone have a specific example of using the Flyweight Pattern?
Is there any value in knowing the execution time for a unit test?
What's the proper way to organize ViewControllers and XIB?
What is the best way to design a web site to be highly scalable?
SLF4J vs LOG4J Which one to prefer?
New PHP project, how to best architect it
How can I find the root of confusing problems?
Has JPA replaced CMP?
Why do some websites allow editing a post/blog-entry for a limited amount of time only? 
Schemes to resolve deadlocks
Can we replace XML with JSON entirely?
Source code and project documentation requirements for legal agreement
Resolving merge conflicts due to refactoring
What should take precedence: YAGNI or Good Design?
How significant are Spring and Hibernate in software development?
What are the best FizzBuzz questions for interviewing a candidate for a Software Developer role?
Which Java framework meets these requirements?
Is there any formal research in FizzBuzz Question Effectiveness?
What's the difference between CRM, CMS and ERP
What is the term that describe objects representing both logic and data?
How to decide which classes are necessary for the system
Why don't many code review tools seem to be syntax aware or provide more in-depth analysis of changes?
When is it necessary to use ORM tools?
How exactly do Patchers work?
How do you decide between putting the code in the database or putting the code in the application?
Are there any languages built to facilitate implementing design patterns?
Is it useful to learn CVS before learning SVN?
terminology: Memory leak
Has there been any formal work comparing ease of maintenance at the programming language level?
Why python library APIs are more intutive than C++ STL library APIs?
How do you call a "Proxy" that delegates to *several* implementations?
A testing environment for JavaScript other than browser?
How to use a 3rd party web API
What does a company typically expect from a Perl developer?
Explanation of the Google Gravity trick
Tutoring students who are struggling with the basics in C++
Why do interrupts need to be turned off when inside other interrupt code?
Automating Unit Test Creation
Where should heavy development assets like specification documents and multimedia editor source files be stored?
Should I start developing code before planning out the interface?
Which technology stack to use for car pooling over web and mobile
Why doesn't Google use GWT in most of its applications?
Does it always require a lot of programming practice before you really master an algorithm?
Should every git commit leave the project in a working state?
Managing contractors on Github
Is it bad practice to use short-circuit evaluation instead of an if clause?
Local and cloud editions?
Is the upgrade path from Win32 to .NET to WinRT feasible?
Long parameter list versus long state variable list
Is it common to have downtime at a programming job?
Random number for HTTPS MAC
dbdeploy (phing) and development teams
Why NoSQL over SQL?
How do you manage refactoring with a large code base and many developers?
Moving from TFS to Distributed SCM
General checklist before releasing software
People's experience of Cloud Computing (using Force.com)
When do you rebuild an application or keep on fixing the existing one
License validation and calling home
How important is multithreading in the current software industry?
How to publish paid Android apps if you're not from US/UK
Recommend a design pattern/approach to exposing/tolerating/recovering from system errors, Exception handling (e.g.s in Java, C++, Perl, PHP)
Are database schema migrations a problem in production environments?
Functions with side-effects in Delphi/Pascal
Should I include a selfdestruct-method to my applications?
Are there any studies of cross-functional teams vs. domain-based teams (e.g. project-based vs. software/mechanics/etc)?
What is the best way to provide open and closed source versions side-by-side safely?
When a team size gets over 10, can you still do release planning together?
Android or iPhone application collecting payments
Is it possible to evaluate the efficiency of a testable algorithm against alternative solutions that aren't already built?
Where could SPMD parallel programming be used in a Compiler?
WinRT and the server (ASP.NET, Azure, etc)
Should we adopt an agile methodology when rewriting an existing application from scratch?
Scrum, is there a Critical Path for release planning?
What it is a data structure of a certain type called?
Do LAMP/Java-based software development teams have SOE's?
What are the differences between throwaway and evolutionary prototypes?
Randomly Accessing Data Packets in a Compressed File
How to Properly Google for C
What is the standard /an acceptable period of time to support a particular version of software?
Fast algorithm to search a sorted array of floats to find the pair of floats bracketing an input value
how could I draw the database transaction commit in the sequence diagram
Why do programmers use one-based indexing for line numbers in source code?
Difference between networking programming and socket programming
Is microoptimization worth it in mobile devices?
Is this the right strategy to convert an in-level order binary tree to a doubly linked list?
Would scala be a good choice instead of Java?
Do I need to license my code as GPLv2 if I only read/write to a database and pipe?
Command handlers and DDD
ASP.NET MVC: Getting User input in your Controller?
Are ASP.NET MVC automated code good enough to be used in real live applications
How is IETF different from W3C?
How do I convince my fellow devs to WANT to add comments to source code commits?
What should I be using to store data in a legacy web development project?
Can I create a desktop Python GUI application and run it as a web app?
Using Cucumber with Page objects
Couple of questions about sprint in scrum methodology
 Why should I use interfaces if the implementation will mostly stay the same?
What factors can make mid-project join successful?
Scheduling dependent tasks in a scrum sprint
How do I structure a larger Flask application?
Supporting multitenancy
Erlang or 'x'.. Is it worth it (vs. Python w/ GIL)?
Collective term for shaking device and using accelerometer of a device
Multithreaded Programming?
API Development - Sinatra?
Should there be separate database schemas for each developer or should there be just one that all developers share?
Writing java doc comments for unit test cases
How "commercially savvy" should software developers be?
Complexity vs maintainability in modern hardware
How to Avoid Fragile Unit Tests?
I will be delivering a lecture on Android development tomorrow. Any topics I should cover?
Website development from scratch v/s web framework
How do random number generators work?
Difference between complexity and performance guarantee
Scrum meeting - dealing with the last question
Secure cloud based code storage and syncing across multiple computers
Is code like this a "train wreck" (in violation of Law of Demeter)?
Controller vs Model: Where do I put the processing of user input?
Is it worth it for a developer to be a scrum master? Is it an official designation or?
Applications Architecture - fewer big systems vs more smaller systems
How can I organize my implementation notes to use as a future reference?
Java/C# - When should AOT be considered if reverse engineering is a concern?
How can I handle chat messages asynchronously?
How do I move a client from UI mockups to a set of real requirements?
Why should you prevent a search engine from indexing your development server?
What is a manifest and when is it appropriate to use one?
Best practices for generating new identifiers for persistent objects?
Combining getters and setters
Do you know of any encryption techniques used to validate url redirection
How to define complex business rules using User Stories?
How would I develop an avatar based 3D conference environment?
How do I optimize a web application for high-latency users?
Hate repetition to the extreme
Testing-related methodologies except TDD/BDD
What is the Best Collation for Use in MySQL Tables?
How to implement a lightweight clustered architecture for a distributed application
Creating public API definition for existing application
How baby are your baby-steps in TDD?
What's the best way to show a CLI CRUD app to client?
How do I protect my website (Codes, Database, FTP informations) from freelancer?
How do you learn Regular Expressions?
How would you approach developing a Hotel Reservation System?
How should I implement Transaction database EJB 3.0
Planning Poker and wordy developers
How would one handle external dependencies in an open-source project?
What is the proper way to implement the OnClickListener interface for many buttons
"Do Whatever You Want" License With Attribution
Ubiquitous Language - conflict between correctness and usability
Is there a way to automatically un-tab everything in your source file by using a command?
Is there a general rule for when you should use 'make clean' instead of just 'make'?
application architecture with one or more PDFs
Implementing your own Membership Provider in ASP.NET MVC
Detecting Internet code leaks
How granular should TDD tests be?
Unit testing methods that call suppliers webservices
State machines vs threads
What are the consequences of still sticking with Windows XP despite there are Windows Vista, 7 and very soon 8?
How a .NET dev team should be designing and delivering greenfield projects?
Writing robust code vs. overengineering
Algorithm Vs Design
What's the best way to use a kinect with multiple software music synthesizers?
Database source control
Does F# offer anything particularly useful for database-driven web development?
Implementing a DAO for entity framework
Point and click synonym replacement in text area with Javascript
How to create and publish a useful Java library
When is it preferred to combine Add/Edit functionality, and when to keep them separate?
To Domain or not to Domain
Is it good or bad form to name a function after the workaround it fixes?
Making an attractive, yet still technical architecture diagram
Open Source Friendly IP Contracts for Freelancers
Is JSP a good alternative to PHP
Getting started with repositories: are they what I need, or are there any alternatives?
Is it true that having the Nexus S is much better as an Android developer?
How do freelancer web developers manage web hosting for customers?
Call GPL software from non-GPL software
Memory problems with singletons in a test suite
Algorithm for detecting a knob-turning gesture?
Raw Sql vs SqlAlchemy when Django ORM is not enough
Theta notation on constant time. Why we use the 1?
How would you go about looking for collaborators?
Using Microsoft Office software as part of my web service backend?
What are the benefits of not including other header files in a header file?
What does long-term freelancing say about a developer's experience?
Should code from an incomplete story be removed from the build?
how do you back up your code on your local computer?
Open source projects - motivation
Source control approach for plugins?
My customer wants me to record a video of how I develop his software product
How do you annotate code changes and code authorship
Knowledge base / questionarie / desicion-tree / decision-making platform
How often do you use DI container in your ASP.NET MVC application
Binaries in source control
What kinds of copyright or privacy issues apply to tweets?
A description for a changing-wording-of-a-website framework
Value of maintaining debug outputs
How can a team apply the Scrum methodology without a clear customer?
How to effectively (but minimally) *simulate* a distributed computing environment?
Software license restricting commercial usage like CC BY-NC-SA
git / other VCS - how often to commit?
Big-O for nested loop
Great Programmer Productivity - Accounting for 10,000 fold difference?
Why would it ever be possible for Java to be faster than C++?
Why is the Repository pattern needed in NHibernate?
Why don't we use browser detection and platform-specific CSS?
How do I know if the compiler broke my code and what do I do if it was the compiler?
Overcoming general lack of UI design skill in developers
What are the options when Sql generated by ORM needs tuning?
What qualifies "too many database requests" in code?
Benefits to starting JavaScript "for" loops at 0, or just traditional?
With ASP.NET MVC actions, should I use web services?
How exactly do we go from Binary/Hex to Assembly Instruction sets?
Unicode Explanation Required
License placement curiosities
Is agile more than just small waterfalls?
Using a CMS that I'm not familiar with just for the sake of the job?
What are some good tasks to assign co-op students/interns?
Why is PHP so frequently used on web servers?
Why are zero-based arrays the norm?
Average size of in-house web development team for U.S. companies?
Release Planning in Agile/Extreme Programming
How does event bubbling generally work and is it synonym to event propagation?
Mobile Web Framework that will only control rendering and page transitions
Robust way to keep records of software releases?
How is fundamental mathematics efficiently evaluated by programming languages?
Does it makes sense to implement an event dispatching system that allows event bubbling for non GUI related objects?
Understanding Cyclomatic Complexity
How to determine the levels of abstraction
What are the advantages of prototype-based OOP over class-based OOP?
Is there such a thing as too much asynchronous code?
what is "graceful degradation"?
Does hierarchial inheritance belong to the past?
What programs emit C++ code and pass it to mainstream compilers?
How to include conditions in UML sequence diagrams?
Code Analysis & Reporting: Maven vs. Jenkins
How does a programmer used to static languages cope with lack of Javascript tooling
Data indexing frameworks fit for large E-Commerce applications
Should I tell someone that their commit caused a regression?
Are Bools/Bits Faster Than Integers
Gremlin -- do I have to know Java/Groovy
Do You Have To Know CIL To Make A Compiler for .NET?
How should someone used to FP thinking read imperative code?
Why do so many developers believe performance, readability, and maintainability cannot coexist?
Seperating business logic and layout in a highly interlocked project
Trying to identify IClass, Class, ClassImpl pattern
How would you go about creating a class diagram for a JPA/JSF application
Zoom to Fit Points on Surface
Version Control Workflow (Subversion)
Why is Java considered more portable than other languages like C++?
Does teaching programming make you a better programmer
Would using AJAX extensively improve server performance?
How to cope with the problem of (compiling) a large code base?
Need help with directory structure in porting codebase to SVN
When does switching to a framework mid-project make sense?
Prefer class members or passing arguments between internal methods?
What should I do when my project manager does not care about implementation details?
For user defined data, is it better to use a table of tables or dynamically created tables?
Hooking up a Business Layer and Repository using Unit of Work Pattern
How do I get over my .NET hump?
Using Node.js with Heroku to make a chat server?
Virtualized Development Environments in Enterprise Networks
Beginning to code with java (No coding experience)
Interviewing someone for general unix skills
What do you need to succeed with Agile?
Is software development an engineering discipline?
Project (that contains reverse engineering) hosting + license
Understanding how audio/video chat works in the iPhone SDK
Checking members and instantiating in properties
Challenges to the Agile approach on government projects
What technology is used to build "Visual Studio 11"?
Obtaining the best of both worlds: MVC and WebForms
Server OS/Software Requirements For asp.NET Framework 4.0
Ruby isn't a PHP generator, right?
What is it called when you set properties on object initialization?
Are Quines useful as anything more than a programming puzzle?
Functional programming: Writing a small interpreter
How to tell if an employer has been banned from Apple's App Store?
How do I avoid the complexity concerns of frameworks while keeping my team marketable?
Steps to ensure important details aren't edited out of technical documents?
How can dev teams prevent slow performance in consumer apps?
Writing use cases for a rather complex scenario
What is a better word for aligning your nesting?
Methodologies/tools for when developing on your own
What are good techniques for keeping your place in code?
When would be the best time to start porting the code of my own project?
Server-side event logs through DB or writing to file?
What are the advantages to BDD for a solo developer?
Is it legal to recreate/opensource a program that you previously coded for another company
Pseudocode for Brodal queue
What is the industry definition of an interpreter (as opposed to a compiler)?
C++ Renaissance - marketing slogan?
Five or fewer tips to writing good JavaScript?
Workflow design for multi-step edits on a webapp
How do you put different versions of your library under version control? Do you use tags? Or branches? Or another method?
How to deal with an outsourcing company that brings your production system down?
Unicode clarification
How much time should I devote to my toolchain?
There is a (social) network / website for developers share ideas and find a team for development?
What should a web developer know about HTTP?
Is this a ridiculous way to structure a DB schema, or am I completely missing something?
Refactoring or upgrading databases to handle new features
Are interfaces and method signatures copyright protected?
Would a NoSQL DB be more efficient than a relational DB for storing JSON objects?
Premium and opensource
Handling false positives and legacy code warnings in static-analysis of C++ code?
How to translate a German Desktop App into English one
How should I bring my C++ back up to date with modern developments?
What does SVN do better than Git?
Can I consider interface methods as abstract methods?
Using a SDK with crazy code
Using Jython and Tomcat in bundle - should we even try to?
Is there really a relationship between number of people assigned to a project and the number of defects?
JavaScript and the paradigm shift in web programming
Why isn't functional programming embraced more widely?
What metrics do you use on your Scrum project?
How do I convince my employer to hire an additional developer without selling myself short?
Is it better to use pre-existing bad practices, or good practices that don't fit well with old code?
Integrating Domain Model Applications - Resources/Guidance
How can I manage my ViewControllers in my game?
Software Manual - Where to start
What is the difference between 'layer of abstraction' and 'level of indirection'?
What should I do if Scrum member leave half way?
why use a form object when you can get needed data from view object's html?
Selling a webapp: I don't want sell my source code!!! What do I sell so?
How to structure my data model for merging of accounts
Should I learn design patterns or algorithms to improve my logical thinking skills?
Questions about releasing an application that has been built on an IDE on an educational license
Why do we tend to make things too complicated?
Relation between BDD and TDD
How should I react to diminishing application performance?
How do we handle Categories in database schema and model classes
Should you write good documentation and clean code to increase the "Bus Factor"?
Does test-driven development force me to follow SOLID?
Module vs. Package?
How much do i need to learn in order to get an entry level asp.net job?
Do "Builder" static methods violate SOLID?
What's the difference between static and dynamic binding?
Reason behind multi-line declaration style?
Why is the formal definition of Big O notation formulated as such?
What are the deciding factors in choosing to expose a web service as a SOAP or REST service?
Which is a better practice - helper methods as instance or static?
How to draw a (UML) class diagram when the classes are dispersed across a distributed system?
Do simple accessors and mutators benefit from commented block headers?
Is having trouble with data structures common for beginners?
Small Basic vs Microsoft Small Basic
Alternatives to *documents* in the SDLC?
What was SOAP invented for?
How to save images into files in a web application and avoid removing them with every build?
Open Source Project and Revenue
Is hooking Data access method on wrong object detrimental for a developer
what is the meaning of a "Teardown Report"
What is the technique called in which you return a never ending http response to keep returning lines of javascript for dynamic update effect?
Should we attempt to review all our code?
How to handle 'external' dependencies in scrum?
In C++, how much programmer time is spent doing memory management
Is there a pattern for subscribing to fired events/messages at specific intervals?
Name for WS pattern where a generic object is returned?
What electronic user-story-mapping tools can you recommend?
Should I use chained functions in Java?
Is @staticmethod proliferation a code smell?
Why is software still released with known bugs?
How much does/should your style imply about your skill in a language?
Developing scalable applications using Agile methods
Does C# experience translate well to C++?
Can we guarantee a program will never go wrong?
How do you cope with Java coming from javascript?
What's the best way to organize our unit tests
Which programming methodology would be a good fit for us?
Is it unusual for a small company (15 developers) not to use managed source/version control?
Can anyone recommend a toolchain-agnostic way of declaring and documenting inter-package build dependencies?
Does a project using proper TDD have a lot of code without tests?
Managing cross-thread communication on issue/bug reports
Bringing my genius brain back
Can anyone recommend a good robot kit for learning C++ robotics programming?
How should we implement Scrum with two projects for one team?
Should a developer argue against unnecessary or harmful features?
What factors should be evaluated when determining a desktop software price?
What is a "Process Canary"
What are some patterns and anti-patterns of application logging?
Tips/advice on how to reduce the use of "manager" classes?
If multitenancy is a priority, should I store site content in the database?
What to do if boss always postpones major decisions about requirements and overall design?
Is there a difference between property and attribute?
Where to start learning to use the Boost libraries?
How would you design a generic layer for OpenGL windowing that does not care how the program underneath actually looks like?
Forking an open source project nicely
Why do iterators in Python raise an exception?
I'm a contract developer and I think I'm about to get screwed
Advantage of using Swing over AWT
What is the benefit of studying bitwise operators?
Is it possible for two DLLs to conflict , preventing solution to build
Should we (still) consider a synced XMLHTTPRequest bad practice?
is it a reasonable practice to extend a class just to reuse a single function?
Are operators just "special" methods?
What is the best way to generate an accurate release changelog?
Examples of MVVM adoption outside the Microsoft community?
Designing around the constraints of external services in a client-server architecture
When should the presentation model design pattern include one or more controllers?
Designing an easily extensible XML driven OOP system
Learning path for web developer .NET or Java
Modern languages and the JVM
What frequency of updates is acceptable for a mobile application?
File naming convention for images stored in version control?
Is there a practical guide to Team Software Process?
How costly are the Python dict and set in-built types?
Is a multi-page web app unsuitable when reliable server pushes are required?
Is the Entity Framework appropriate when all you do is insert records in bulk?
Multiple projects - similar platforms or as different as possible?
What's a generic word for both Methods and Attributes?
Why put SQL statement in a variable before using mysql_query()?
Maintaining a list of nodes with challenging requirements
In-process SOA?
Are there any scientifically rigorous studies of coding style principles?
Recommended ways for getting a good grasp of inherited software
Windows Phone 7 app development - Is it worth it?
What does backslash "\" escape character really escape?
Are these signs of a bad developer?
Good practice on Visual Studio Solutions
What is the user-experience best practice for an alternative to popup windows?
Is it possible to access .NET APIs with JRuby?
What is the definition of Time on Task?
How to reach to the advanced level in SQL?
source code file system layout for 2 very similar projects (with git)
Storing stop/start points in a database
Verification naming confusion
Who should be responsible for writing/updating design specifications in an agile team
The cost of running a Windows App Server
How to learn about graph algorithms and some real world applications?
Practical way to store a "reasonably large" amount of data that hardly ever changes?
Are there any non-blocking web servers for Java?
How to fit beta versions into a numeric versioning scheme?
What assumptions / disclaimers should be included with a software estimate?
Static functions question
Do real-world algorithms that greatly outperform in the class below exist?
What is the difference between skill level amongst programmers?
If attribution is done via a pseudonym, who owns the rights to the code? 
What are the common techniques to handle user-generated HTML modified differently by different browsers?
Is there an efficient way to align degenerate strings?
is c or c++ necessary for game programming?
Is it bad practice to define/use "Preset" functions
Why the scorn for COBOL?
Required technical knowledge for developing high-level to high-level language translators
Is it wrong to take code you have produced at work and re-use it for personal projects?
When following SRP, how should I deal with validating and saving entities?
How to link classes in different packages (on different pages)?
Does a mobile app need to poll external data sources or can it receive data in other ways?
Trying to learn how to use WCF services in a WPF app, using MVVM
How do I package a J2SE app for sale to a market of buying customers?
Why does Garbage Collection only sweep the heap?
When do 'static functions' come into use?
What are the most important points of interface between a web developer and IT?
Can I make more money freelancing in Android, or Web development?
How can I translate ML code to F#?
Alternatives to oDesk.com for contract work? or is oDesk already one of the best?
Why do Chrome and Adobe use "download wizards" to install software?
Finding all nearby points in a point cloud
What’s the opposite of abstraction?
LINQ to SQL - Business logic in another assembly?
Is the concept of computational complexity important for software developers?
Should you use C# and F# together
Could I learn more about programming from deconstructing drupal rather than continuing with ZF?
NoSQL Modify operations performance
How can a developer test himself for starting a development company on his own?
What is the name for this variation to Adapter Pattern?
Why do languages such as C and C++ not have garbage collection, while Java does?
Should one define an interface and code an adapter for it whenever a dependency is found?
Could it be more efficient for systems in general to do away with Stacks and just use Heap for memory management?
What Java client+server stack to allow async client info popups and responses?
Using a TFS Build Process Template (Workflow) for Deployment
Is garbage collection necessary?
Is It OK to Develop Against a 3rd Party Library You Discover?
Object-Oriented Design of Car
Should all developers on a team have equal role/responsibility in writing and updating software design documents
When you should NOT use Regular Expressions?
Prevalence of "back end" programmer roles in ASP.NET (MVC) projects?
What is the difference between btree and rtree indexing?
How do document-oriented databases implement references?
Why declare variables close to where they are used?
Why do we need a Heap if everything can be done much more efficiently on the Stack?
Database design for tagging system
When to use C over C++, and C++ over C?
Becoming a "maintenance developer"
Is discoverability for developers a problem when using SOLID principles?
Why there is no ISO hardware query interface?
When to update jQuery?
Why are there so many competing filesystem designs?
Whether to put the business logic in Stored Procedure or Not?
What's the difference between "use case", "User Story" and "Usage Scenario"?
Recommended content for layers
What is the equivalent of functions and methods in SQL?
Loading XML File
How to specify WIP limits in Kanban?
Coding to interfaces
Solutions to C# 5 async re-entrancy
What is the accepted style for using the `this` keyword in Java?
DDD - Does an aggregate root's repository handle saving aggregates?
Do we need test data or can we rely on unit tests and manual testing?
Involuntarily becoming a programmer: how to do it right?
Are there any real-world cases for C++ without exceptions?
Where can I find an algorithm for creating 3D anaglyphs using a depth map image?
"sell" coding my next project in an unfamiliar language
Architecture: for a Single website to be supported for different Clients
Is it worth registering software with the U.S. Copyright Office?
Why in the world does a heap need to make sure it allocates in 8-byte alignments?
Heaps: Why is there a tradeoff between amount of space occupied (fragmentation), and speed at which operations are carried out?
Why is C not considered an 'object-oriented' language?
How should I go about fixing code from a less-experienced programmer?
Is there a common capitalization convention in C++?
Is hungarian notation a workaround for languages with insufficiently-expressive static typing?
How can I tactfully suggest improvements to others' badly designed code during review?
What kinds of development jobs require knowledge of advanced concepts?
Is this use of conditionals an anti-pattern?
Should I use Java applets or JavaScript/PHP to make my site more interactive?
What's the difference between the greedy and Hamiltonian methods?
How to convince a teammate, who sees oneself as senior, to learn SVN conceptual basics?
Is web application startup time really that important?
Should the admin interface of a public-facing webapp be accessible externally?
What are ways I can speed of development time when building applications?
What do I need to learn to become a better web programmer?
Any recommendations for setup/teardown of browser automation testing?
Am I using Factory and Impl classes properly?
How much data should be required in a request to a webservice?
Specifically for JS, CSS, HTML: what is the difference between optimization, compression, minification, tidying, concatenation?
Are there some good algorithms for implementing a Heap that minimizes fragmentation?
Can a small team enter .NET world while most of them are working on OpenSource languages?
Simplifying Database Schema for Extensibility by non-expert Users
Adapting to a team environment after developing alone for years
Where can I find examples of functional specifications?
What task did Dijkstra give volunteers, which was mentioned in his paper "The Humble Programmer"?
Which popular object-oriented languages support readonly methods?
Which problems domains are more suited  to functional programming solutions
Displaying and processing objects in a list?
I can't remember programming 5 mins after learning?
How should I organize the words of a sentence for better outputs/maintenance and performance?
How can I properly manage commits, prevent feature conflicts, and manage dependencies with a VCS?
What's the difference between syntax and semantics?
Scrum taskboard with QA stage
Explain to a non-technical manager that the tool he chose isn't apt
How can we verify that software meets specifications meets requirements?
Is Systems Hungarian notation still a useful practice?
On the effectiveness of unit testing
When should I prefix names with the project name?
Providing users with program revision history information?
Employer asking me to use API for entire website?
Do technical interviews tend to be subjective?
What is a reasonable and secure password requirement for user registration?
For performance critical situations is storing file metadata in a database better?
As an iOS developer, what type of technical interview questions should you be prepared with?
What is the acceptable failure rate for software?
Is it a good practice to code in English?
At a higher level description, how is DLMALLOC supposed work?
Is there any merit to using `union` to create an alias?
Why coffeescript instead of javascript?
Do I need to Clean/Rebuild a project before Debugging/Publishing it in Visual Studio?
How can I change sloppy company culture?
How can I inspire my group to start using an online collaborative tool more?
Is it a good idea to always use Google as the first step to solving a problem?
What Is The Best Technique For Managing Bugs and New Features With Version Control in CVS/SVN for a Team of 6 to 9 People?
Speed of Java vs. JS / HTML / CSS for web applications
Thread class design?
Javascript frameworks for large development teams
Agile development deployment process. Where do QA and Business Owners test?
To Press Onward or Not?
Steve Yegge post about platform vs product
Why should company choose VB.NET over C#
working on open source project is bad from a programmer view?
Are value converters more trouble than they're worth?
Distributed transactions and queues, ruby, erlang
Should I move invariant out of cycle
How do you handle ever-growing piles of issues to be resolved "somewhen"?
Where should I look to know which technology is used in a web app?
Delegate vs Interfaces-Any more clarifications available?
Ways of integrating legacy applications
Why are there are no PUT and DELETE methods on HTML forms?
How can I automate production deployments without experiencing extreme anxiety?
Unit testing of "workflow" methods
Tools for managing a complicated project setup with many frameworks and no documentation
Type-clarifying comments and type checking in dynamic languages
Should interviews for programming positions be CS knowledge focused or behavioral focused?
When and how much should we validate input when working with (C)AP storage?
Which Resource Would Be Best for Learning C# / .Net?
How to define the seams between the domain layer and a database full of stored procedures?
As a sole developer (for now), how should I be using Git?
What books or resources would you recommend to learn practical OO design and development concepts?
Ethics of collecting non-identifiable information on install
Who invented pointers?
how much do I really need to know to become Jr Developer?
How should I go about learning a very large and complex application?
What are possible/useful implementations when extending exceptions?
 Is there a general pattern that could be used to describe Data Migration?
Why are exception specifications bad?
Should I use a relational datamodel or Cassandra with ColumnFamily based indexes?
Algorithm for formating SQL code
How do you avoid working on the wrong branch?
Storing page-specific javascript on an AJAX driven site?
What is the difference in meaning between "software", "program", "application", and "gadget"?
Which is most important to learn OOP first or to learn the OOP language you want to learn?
what are the mathematical formulas/concepts used in implementing Chart API (bar chart, pie chart etc.,)
AJAX driven "page complete" function? Am I doing it right?
Softpedia published some of my open source projects — how to react?
VPN or TLSv1 for securing a programs protocol from field device to mainframe
Scrum tool for Product Backlog management
How are dates typically handled with testing?
Is it bad practice to use reflection to do DB inserts with data from an external service?
Did concept of ViewModel exist before MVVM?
Why do many older algorithms papers reference implementations on a PDP-10 or PDP-11?
Patient Record Tracking System
Are there restrictions on table and column names in DB2?
How do you address the gap on your resume after a self-funded sabbatical?
What to do after accidentally erasing many database entries?
Decoupling UI code?
OO Design principle name?
Do exceptions basically exist to prevent a system from crashing?
Two factor authentication using time base key generator on smartphones
Multiple Zend application code organisation
How do mashups work with same-orgin policy?
How can I design an efficient moderation system for comments?
Domain knowledge vs Programming
From TFS to Git
Need help - brainstorming php scheduler class
Is it wrong or bad to use autocomplete?
What were the reasons why Windows never had a decent shell?
WCF/SOA - Why should I create parameter objects for simple requests
How can a large, Fortran-based number crunching codebase be modernized?
Need advice on which route I should take for porting app from Android to iOS
Is there such a thing as a "when" statement?
Standards in Enterprise Development
Downsides of GNU LGPL v3 vs. GNU LGPL v2.1?
How will C# 5 async support help UI thread synchronization issues?
C++ XML Parsing: Suggestions on Approach for Parsing and Storing data
Definition of a 3-tier system
Is there an alternative to Google Code Search?
Data acquisition, storage and management
Should a development machine be inside a VM?
what is the purpose of arrows?
How is oData different from a REST service?
What are the legal considerations when forking a BSD-licensed project?
Is there any comercial application written in Visual Basic .NET?
The relation between Business Rules Engines and Constraint Programming languages
Organizing Git repositories with common nested sub-modules
How to get familiarized with certificate generation
Forgetting basic language functions due to use of IDE, over reliance?
Why is naming a table's Primary Key column "Id" considered bad practice?
Is the cloud ready to replace core business systems?
What can be done to stop losing resources and unify Mercurial and Git?
Does this licensing clause allow redistribution of this application?
Do you need to buy Visual Studio to develop/deploy an ASP.NET web application?
Is it necessary to understand what's happening at the hardware level to be a good programmer?
Does business logic really belong on the server?
In what situations is it a bad idea to use open source code for a corporate project?
ternary or something similar for choosing function?
Are 70% of programs/business applications/something based in COBOL?
How to learn C in two days (if I already know C++)?
Are 9 to 5 programmers looked down upon?
What is the best method to start understanding BIG project source code?
Why has C prevailed over Pascal?
At what point does a company need a system engineer?
Redundant code ok?
Is coding and unit testing violating the DRY principle
Is it possible to combine XPath and CSS selectors?
Which functional language is good for a beginner?
How to keep settings for C++ Unit Test modules in sync with the production code modules?
How does a developer set up an environment to hack on an OS like Linux, Plan9 or BSD?
Is an ASP.NET site in a Linux environment possible?
Is Visual Studio Express suitable for commercial application development?
Will B-Trees and Other Data Structures Become Obsolete With The Advent of Solid State Drives?
Config Class/Struct: Pattern or Anti-Pattern? Alternatives?
How do I dual license?
How can I get my startup working with Agile development?
What's the best Java equivalent to Linq?
Does directly accessing an applications database break the license agreement?
Is Safari Books Online still the best game in town?
What is the best book to prepare for a Java interview?
Purely technical reasons for PHP as a first choice?
Is there any circumstance in which a strict waterfall project can succeed when requirements are not clearly defined?
How often to release in Scrum sprint
Best practice regarding security in mobile applications
What are the valid reasons to use ContentPresenter outside of template?
Which GOF design patterns work well with TDD, and which do not?
What are the pros and cons of directly exposing a Table/View entity class to the client?
What exactly is distributed computing?
What kind of metrics should I collect for a website/web app
Ramping Up On Legacy Code
Would I be in violation of these icons free license on my Android application?
How do I convince some one that test should do assertion (not assertions) and not the helper methods
How to present asynchronous state change in chart or diagram?
What responsibilities does a Management Information Systems job entail?
Is it Ok to change estimates in the middle of an iteration?
Would it be useful for a programmer to get qualified in Prince2
What procedures or audits should be used to assess the security of a software system?
How can I prevent users from creating multiple accounts on a web site?
Are there any jobs in the programming field that don't require you to sit at a desk all day?
Should we use Entity Framework?
Is object pooling a deprecated technique?
How to decrease errors before testing?
What defines an encapsulation properly?
When do I need web services?
How do I handle projects in which my project manager is the same as the client?
Is there a standard, formal name for an object or class that behaves as if it is a given object?
What's the advange of JRuby (or any other language ported to JVM)? Why would one use it?
What are the available tools for creating cross-platform, cross-browser multiplayer online commercial games?
Translating objects from one type to a another
Why were short, int, and long invented in C?
Where are programming languages published?
How to allow filtering Films in my app intuitively? (GUI design)
Why is Scheme my first language in university?
Exploiting creativity with "free time"
I am not a good programmer (in logic), how should I fix it?
Communication Between Different Technologies in a Distributed Application
Is it a good idea to use something like the Twitter Bootstrap in production?
How much design to do first?
Programming language popularity: Is there data on migration trends?
Which of these is the best strategy for dependency injection?
How do you work with Asynchronous functions, recursively?
Why are assumptions important when defining a puzzle?
List of reserved words a username can't be?
Integration of routes that are not resources in an MVC REST style application
Why do we need to write a header file?
Using SQLDataSource / DataBound Controls in ASP.NET - Bad Practice?
Deploy multiple emails to email providers, but without showing favouritism
When do you drop old technologies from your resume?
Is it more secure to hash a password multiple times?
Do object-oriented programming languages exist that are not class-based?
Are there best practices for checking for errors in business logic for DB refreshes?
Is there a list of common usernames to reserve in a new system?
Is AOP widely used in the enterprise sector
What is the purpose of arrays in C, when pointers could have done the job?
What are other technologies that are capable of creating Websites with Animation, Load Detailed Images & Cross Browser
How to create scalable & side-effect free integration tests?
What are the typical naming conventions for OO C public and private functions?
If a language changes quickly, is this considered a good thing?
Why should I know concurrent programming?
Is it true that websites don't need to use an event driven framework given the stateless nature of the web?
How to do TDD for something with many permutations?
Is this the correct way to use extends?
Should I reuse variables?
Packages organisation with MVC design pattern
Starting a new startup/web application, how to choose a hosting provider?
How to create an extendable web application?
How can we plan projects realistically while accounting for support issues?
Can a Code Review help in learning the code-flow and/or technology of a large code-base?
Why are Coldfusion CFM and CFC files not in clear text?
If someone says Android message API what it related to? What classes it consists in?
Designing Subclasses for an abstract base class in C++
Definition of a Software bug. Blizzard Entertainment insists that my "bug" is not a bug at all. Are they right?
How can I justify software testing to management?
Is it poor technique to have functions within a class depend on one another in a "cascade" type fashion?
How to apply good Object Oriented Design principles in Embedded Systems
Thread safe graph libraries
How does one minimize or prevent User lawsuits?
How to divide work among development team members in a website project using MVC pattern
How does minecraft use a seed to generate a completely unique world?
Build a Platform API for public
Is there a Django reference?
Is there a canonical book on functional design specifications?
Is Entity Framework the way to go for our situation?
Software testing automation documentation
Tracking feature requests for small-scale components
Pesky bugs - nonexistant?
random.choice in other languages
PCI Compliance, FDMS and TransArmor
Why declare final variables inside methods?
Why are weakly-typed languages still being actively developed?
Alternativates to HTML Help
Which database should I use to manage relationship?
Why use services (REST/SOAP) instead of a library?
App shell using MEF
RFC: Extending the MVC Design Pattern
Algorithm analysis refresher help
How do you avoid disrupting the flow of work when the Product Owner asks for a release?
Learning Python from Beginner to Advanced level
What are these different Java versions for?
Model independency in MVC and most efficient way to do method calls
What advantages would the Twitter streaming API provide?
Is C a MUST-learn language for programmer?
Is the Product Owner also a developer on your team?
Which CS courses are a "must" for a web developer
Drawing thread interaction
How clean should new code be?
Is Perl still a useful, viable language?
What are some alternative methods to IronPython for calling Python code from .NET?
C Language - K&R 1st vs 2nd Edition?
Is it possible for an amateur to become a good programmer?
Does adding unit tests make sense for well-known legacy code?
Team member missing? Glue between data producers and data consumers
First Steps of Making a Programming Language
Should the creation of an object implicitly or explicitly create a file?
How to account for a bug fixing iteration?
Is it unnecessary to use Github (social coding) even if you are the only one working on a project?
Web based applications
Is it bad practice for services to share a database in SOA?
Help on clarification of a formal statement concerning algorithms running time
The usual metadata objects or: How to move a typical ExtJS App to jQuery, and: What's missing in the middle?
When you should and should not use the 'new' keyword?
How do you keep track of your past projects?
Is it bad to join open-source projects as an amateur?
What exactly is a programming language? What enables us to write in such a language?
Question about new buzzwords about old concepts
How do you organize an ASP.NET MVC 3 application with potentially hundreds of views but with only a few entry points?
Besides Waterfall, what are other plan-driven software development methodologies?
BitBucket - what's the catch? (TANSTAAFL, right?)
Why is there usually a reference to Java when when people talk about C#?
Is it worth using tool agnostic concepts in a development team?
Filesystems that use logging: If you're writing the data in the log (on disk), and in the actual locations themselves (also on disk) then...?
How to pronounce CRUD?
Why use phpunit when traditional manual testing can be used
How do I unit test a web forms site?
Why should one avoid cross-team (circular) merges in multiple-team version control?
Domain Lookup API
What to do with .git folder and data in Xcode?
How can I start testing in a testing anticulture?
How can I protect a java app to be deployed in the google chrome app market?
Organising MVC App with virtual model using external API
Does Node.js actually increase scalability?
Should I teach my students alloca?
How should I go about learning PHP given a background in C#.NET?
What are the pros and cons of the MVVM architecture?
How can I display a diff result in a single file or document?
What language should be used to teach object-oriented design and development in university?
How to include rookie developers into your project?
How  'simple' is a real KISS solution?
Do ORM POCOs replace domain entities?
Is there justification for leaving conflict markers in checked-in code?
Newbie seeking advice on programming in general
What's the best way to learn code if you are just starting out?
Appropriate uses of fall-through switch statements
How to name parts of your program as a non native English speaker
Does objective-c's method overhead make a 'many small methods' design approach inadvisable?
Where does form processing belong in an MVC application?
How well will a C++ app communicating through Apache handle traffic? 
Deploying Web Applications
Are there any good Java/JVM libraries for my Expression Tree architecture?
c++ Model View Presenter: Where to construct presenter?
What techniques should I keep in mind in order to design efficient algorithms in PHP?
Are there standard strategies for defining job flow and dependencies?
How to design a performance comparison between two data structures
Is it an appropriate use of #define to make typing repeated code easier?
Pair Programming Using Different Editors
What algorithm browsers follow to remember values for form controls?
Why don't more languages support recursive/nested comments?
Is JavaBeans a good example of encapsulation?
How to trim all incoming values in an HTTP Post request?
Reasons for the build-technological fork between Java and UNIX/C/Fortran
Get 100 highest numbers from an infinite list
How to manage two major versions using SVN?
What can I do to prevent taking on an unethical development project?
Shouldn't we count characters of code and comments instead of lines of code and comments?
How to handle manipulation of data after a db record is written from outside my program
What is the good explanation of Tennent's Correspondence Principle?
What can and can't the Garbage Collector do?
Domain model for education
Help me classify this type of software architecture
Why it is important to include definition of success/failure in specification?
Why would a video game need main(String[] args) in its own class?
Purpose of ending tags in SGML/HTML/XML?
Is object oriented really good for kids?
What is the/Is there a right way to tell management that our code sucks?
What are some useful resources for learning tuple calculus?
Fastest C++ XML parsing library
The need for Explicit Type Conversion in C#
How to use Blend sample data as real data?
How to keep .Net assemblies relevant through high-flux period
What are the disadvantages of automated testing?
Does Groovy follow Tennent's Correspondence Principle?
Maximum project duration for Feature Driven Development Project
XML or HTML for User Manual/Help and Why?
Implementing Asynchronous Insert / Update for a web application
iOS Resources/Luminaries?
How can I improve my error checking and handling?
Delegation and MetaClass in C++
Deployment in development phase for Agile projects
Where does the term "Red/Black Tree" come from?
Should I get a Math bachelors and then go into Computer Science?
How do I do TDD when expected behaviour is to be changed?
What is Module Object and Function Object?
Is there a name for a testing method where you compare a set of very different designs?
Why has the rate of programming language popularization slowed down in recent decades?
How can I best study a problem to determine whether recursion can/should be used?
How good does a well-rounded programmer need to be with bit-wise operations?
What is likely to be the bottleneck between the SQL Server, IIS and .net when receiving json as text from the DB?
How can I progress from a software developer to a software manager or team leader?
Programming with ADD/ADHD
Is donationware non-commercial?
Is there an industry standard for structuring code and comments?
Which DVCS (git or hg) is easier for programming students?
Is my description of the actor model right?
Freelancer.com—Any opinions?
Animated requirements analysis flows with PPT or other software?
What are the development procedures on large web applications?
How to trim emails for just the body, when using email as input to an external system?
Has anyone ever claimed a warranty on an SSL certificate?
Can you learn functional programming in C?
Is "truthiness" a legitimate programming term?
When I should I use message passing over shared memory?
'Recommended' file length and line widths
Algorithm refresher. Why is heapsort an insort algorithm?
Is the "Software Project Survival Guide" methodology compatible with Agile ones?
How to handle "X" data sets as input
Is there any well known project to VBify C and make C as RAD language?
Is it unethical to track app usage through REST API calls?
Why aren't VM languages compiled just once?
iPad app architecture with very large files
Using stock images in open source project
What is the difference between syntax and grammar?
What is an inconsistent state?
What is the actual problem with a prototype based design?
How can I provide guidance on technology choices through user stories?
Why was the C syntax for arrays, pointers, and functions designed this way?
What is the point of Java's package naming convention?
instantiate or initialize when using a new class?
"Release Early Release Often" for Android and iPhone Apps
Does having pagination lessens server load? (theory)
What's The Difference Between Imperative, Procedural and Structured Programming?
Lean/Kanban *Inside* Software (i.e. WIP-Limits, Reducing Queues and Pull as Programming Techniques)
Can code be the documentation in open source developer tools? How frequently is it?
Learning Each Type of Programming Language
How to spend less time on debugging?
What to do when allowing application to run in an invalid state?
Converting a bounded knapsack problem to 0/1 knapsack problem
What keywords are important to speedup the code in C++?
Using a SetProperty method to prevent accidental changes to a property
Best way to parse optional grammar rules?
Silverlight UI and PRISM - how to properly break down components?
What is the job title hierarchy amongst software engineers?
How long would it take for someone completely new to programming to get enough knowledge to make it to the job market as a junior programmer?(C#)
Count a row VS Save the Row count after each update
How would I access trac on mobile phone?
What is "syntactic delegation"
Proxied calls not working as expected
Is the market of small-scale development/production tools that difficult?
What scripting language to use for large file transfers on windows xp client machines
Is there a way to combat Sales perpetually overcommitting?
C++ skills higher than C skills?
Is there a standard name for this search approach?
Example of where Functional Programming is Superior to Imperative or Object-Oriented Programming?
How best to prevent having to revisit a change after check in
Are Session implicit objects examples of Models in MVC?
How do you structure unit tests for multiple objects that exhibit the same behavior?
Basic premise on counting sort. How is k related to to Big Oh?
Micro vs Monolithic Server architecture
How to maintain a demo version of an application?
Should ActiveRecord-based domain models have visible properties? Why or why not?
Is there a good reason to avoid node.js for non-realtime web apps?
Should interface names begin with an "I" prefix?
Who owns the code I wrote, what rights do I have with respect to my employer
Is Entity Framework Suitable For High-Traffic Websites?
Using Mercurial repository inside a Git one: Feasible? Sane?
How do I validate the html/css and JS code outsourced to an external company.
xpath vs DOM API
Will Python developers find it easier to learn C (and vice versa)?
Haskell GUI: how much can be done with Haskell?
Setting up Eclipse IDE for Python and PHP development
Two-way calendar sync with any client
Agile method for a non-technical product owner + one developer
Clarification about Event Producer in StreamInsight
what are callback frameworks?
BDD to replace the test teams work - how best to do it?
How to handle management pushing legacy systems?
When should a class or module be in a separate Assembly/DLL?
web Service - what happens when client doesn't get the response?
What skills to add for an older CS grad living in rural area?
Should non-interface code be hidden from the client?
Is it best to minimize using pointers in C?
Creating a webservice API - how much "credit" should I give the client/developer
Is "Mapper" a valid design pattern or is it a variation of the "Factory" pattern?
Does a time estimate equal a promise in Scrum?
Should I HTML encode all output from my API?
What is the advantage of using map datastructure?
What are combinators and how are they applied to programming projects? (practical explanation)
Best practice for populating a dynamic popup menu?
Where should I put my utility methods?
Conceptually speaking, how would I pull facebook wall posts from 100k users?
How to have two different programmings with two different languages interact?
MIT and copyright
Should I structure my DBs based on the data's true form, or how I plan to use that data?
Are there any studies on the relationship between software testing practices and developer productivity?
LINQ vs Data Access Layer
Why are wrapper classes not suited for use in callback frameworks?
How can I design test cases to cover code based on random events?
University teaches DOS-style C++, how to deal with it
How does a movie theater seat booking system prevent multiple users from reserving the same seats?
whole project of consuming web services with php
Is this a correct way to use nested classes to keep track of data?
Licensing for a web based desktop application?
How many are too many interfaces on a class?
Can freelancers ask their client to sponsor an iPad for project needs?
Age of Design Patterns
Why are brackets required for try-catch?
Steps towards TDD
The dreaded C# programming interview test - any advice?
Devise and Warden
In .net, why can't values of intrinsic data types (such as DateTime) be null?
Where is sympy library used?
How should I handle the publishing of an iPhone app under someone else's name?
What are the recommended resources for learning about the Actor model of concurrent systems?
How can I learn to write idiomatic C++?
Tailoring your resume for a career switch within programming
is there any relationship between a story point in two different projects? 
high level design of a browser layout engine?
Most "native"/integrated functional language for Mac OS X development?
I keep failing hands on part of the interview, suggestions?
Making big changes incrementally
Is it ok to write a quick software programme and then refactor it?
Is using xml + xsl to create a weekly html email a good or bad idea?
Using "catching exceptions" to improve readability, Good or Bad?
ORM Tools and advantages of circular references in entities
How to test software that burns CDs without wasting CDs?
GPL and closed-source licensing for selling my script
Is prototype.js still relevant?
How to design a database wherein multiple tags(string) are to be associated with an id?
How to add image support to client-server database application?
How do I find test users for my Chrome extension with Google App Engine back end?
Will .NET 4.5 Make the Reactive Extensions Obsolete?
Are there any tools that allow you to track and manage test cases and test execution?
Automated web tests depending on developer code
Conflicting versions of jQuery in Separate Extensions
Ensuring successful merges in Subversion
Why is $ in identifier names for so many languages?
Staging environment vs Production environment
How does Ruby, Python, PHP manage without Spring?
Many small scripts, one repository or multiple?
Local Stack vs Call Stack
PowerShell guide or reference for .Net Framework?
Are there any OS which are simple enough for learning?
Why not use the word bug instead of exception?
How to manage IDE project files on a forked repository
Should I open up to .net, c# and visual basic?
What could be some pitfalls in introducing a style guide and documentation generating software in a development team?
Does it make sense to license unit tests?
Are Blocks Second-Class Citizens in Objective-C (vs. Ruby)?
Starting a coherent architecture in a legacy application
Benefit of using static inner builder class
How to understand the beauty of UNIX?
Working with a remote developer
Why don't we use dynamic (server-side generated) CSS?
Is is possible to develop an application for both metro and classic style?
What is a good way to familiarize myself with PHP, coming from an ASP.NET background?
Is it necessary to know and understand design patterns in order to be a professional programmer?
Solutions for implementing a full-duplex game server?
Data Scraping - One application or multiple?
Monitor Process
Why is an array of characters called a String in Object Oriented languages?
In Scrum, what to do when story points and task hours don't roughly correlate?
what is the object oriented counterpart to haskell / coq
Should I accept to write unsecure code if my employer requests me to do so?
What is a 'good number' of exceptions to implement for my library?
What is exactly the meaning of "portability"?
May I give a single class multiple responsibilities if only one will ever be reusable?
How to store a simple DB "in the cloud"?
On the path to Enlightenment: Scheme, Common Lisp, Clojure?
Why can't we get anything done?
Are there standard practices when writing a spec for a software development project?
What is the reporting function?
OO best practices for C programs
code contracts/asserts: what with duplicate checks?
Do any languages use =/= for the inequality operator?
How can I charge money for open source targeted at individuals?
(Dis-)advantages of structural typing
Did the developers of Java consciously abandon RAII?
A simple ways to improve the release quality in RAD environment
Common practice for abandonware in SVN
Is having multiple CDN locations for a product self defeating?
How to measure when a software project is complete?
Becoming a polyglot programmer
How can I convince my colleague to unit test his code?
Good techniques to speed up database execution
What type of problem is this?
Functional or non-functional requirement?
Backtrack My "Education"
How can I make sure I'm writing C++ like it's meant to be written?
Best Practices for Handing over Legacy Code
design of 'game engine' for small javascript games?
Is "PHP and MySQL Web Development, 4th ed." an outdated book to learn from?
Difference between various Collection Generic Interfaces in C#
Should a programmer fix someone else's failed build?
Interacting With Data Using Multiple Databases/Servers
Does it make sense to standardize including a created date and last updated date field on all DB tables?
One stop shop for good coding practices and performance tips?
Why these attempts to water down Scala with Xtend and Kotlin?
Is anyone here Zend certified? Do they recommend it?
How to choose between Tell don't Ask and Command Query Separation?
Why scalability issues cannot be solved by more servers ?
How do I make code open-source?
Mixing jQuery with JavaScript
Does Java promote a separation between class definitions and implementations, as is  C++?
What was the earliest use of cryptographic tokens in URLs?
increasing productivity - mastering a language vs. selecting efficient tools
How Does A Compiler Work?
Collaborate on UML online
Analyzing a programming language
Parameter order: size, count or the other way round
Eliminating Dependencies vs Eliminating Redundancy
strcpy memcpy reason for parameter order
Is it a good practice set connection strings in a web config?
Write a directory structure (pseudo code)
What options are there if an SVN repository becomes unavailable?
Why would I learn C++11, having known C and C++?
How do you run a sprint retrospective to maximize participation and honesty? And what about follow up on action items?
Evaluating PHP namespaces
Why did javascript libraries like knockoutjs, backbonejs, and angularjs only come out in 2010?
complex numbers in programming?
Where did the notion of "one return only" come from?
What are the dangers of setting an unlimited database transaction life timeout?
Mastering technology like LINQ, WCF really necessary or is OOPS enough?
How to make sure I don't end up with the blame
ELMAH - Where does it fit right...?
How to protect source code from remote developers?
Should a method comment include both a summary and return description when they're often so similar?
How to quickly search through a very large list of strings / records on a database
Simulating double-click, how long should I wait between clicks?
Is using nested try-catch blocks an anti-pattern?
Avoiding new operator in JavaScript -- the better way
Sharing Authentication Across Subdomains using cookies
Translating longer texts (view and email templates) with gettext
Learning the Theory Behind Programming
Why are people so strongly opposed to #region tags in methods?
Paranoid Encryption
Can I use my username in a legal license?
AVL Tree Balancing Problem
As the team leader/manager, what kind of role should I seek when we switch to Scrum?
Notation used in 'Pearls of Functional Algorithm Design'
How can I test PHP skills in a interview?
Is DDD-Lite a pattern language for dependency injection?
Is there such thing as an example driven parser generator or ad-hoc DSL development?
Single Responsibility Principle Implementation
How important is the Acid3 Test anymore and what should replace it?
What's the best way to learn image processing?
What should I mock in tests of an application with service tier and DAO tier?
What kind of test should be given to Java EE programmers?
What is the best way to insert range of values into a datastructure
How do I develop in more languages with less IDEs
Is it normal to think about a design problem for days with no code written?
Multiuser System With Encrypted Database
Is cloud computing just a way of renting resources?
Why would you create a deployment script in PowerShell when you have TFS?
Using static classes as namespaces
Should you abandon an ORM framework when you need to implement a bulk operation?
How do I deal with a problem that will pop up in a later iteration
Why am I seeing so many for(;;) constructs?
Avoiding inline JavaScript with dynamic content
Use Google Analytics to track visitor/download stats for a Google Code Project?
Munging intro level knowledge of set theory with intro level knowledge of electronics to parse and evaluate the content of HL7 messages
Why does Java not permit the use of headers as in C++
Does "open source" ever become "my source"?
Values, types, kinds, and…?
Who should train new programmers? Junior or senior programmers?
The cross-over between designing for performance/pre-mature optimisation
Why don't we store the syntax tree instead of the source code?
Using Vim when coding a large-scale application
How Do I interview Front-End Web Developers?
Security issues with freelancing work on an existing website
Are some languages or language features better for testing?
Any good resources for a non-technical guy to learn software project management?
How many copies are needed to enlarge an array?
What is an effective way to familiarize yourself with a new application in a new language?
Some advice in open sourcing objective-c code?
Unit testing external dependencies
Is "White-Board-Coding" inappropriate during interviews?
Why use sealed instead of static on a class?
How to deal with changes that need further testing while working on another test?
Usefulness of Javadocs with unit testing?
What type of encoding can I use to make a string shorter?
Would this be a good web application architecture?
Which license for commercial software?
What is the possible disadvantage of putting declarations in inner blocks, instead of at beginning of function?
Is it OK to use dynamic typing to reduce the amount of variables in scope?
Best design for a memory resident tool
What is the market share of programs written in .NET nowadays?
How to deal with the programmer's block?
What are the common mistakes in 'tailored Scrum approaches'?
"Dedication of the Harvard Mark I computer, 1944 August 7"- Which text is Brooks referring to and where can I find it?
generic programming- where did it originate?
Where to go from here, how to improve / learn more
Is there a quasi-standard set of attributes to annotate thread safety, immutability etc.?
Guidance for a C# developer to become better UI developer
How to protect a peer-to-peer network from inappropriate content?
Headaches using distributed version control for traditional teams?
How was Git designed?
Is the capability to overwrite functions in JavaScript strength or weakness?
How do I do TDD on embedded devices?
Recommend Stanford Online Database Class?
Is it possible to effectively develop PHP applications on Windows that will be deployed on servers running Linux?
Meaningful concise method naming guidelines
Does the ActiveRecord pattern follow/encourage the SOLID design principles?
What do you do if you reach a design dead-end in evolutionary methods like Agile or XP?
What are Silverlight, WCF RIA services or applications?
What are some best practices for cookie based web authentication?
Should service test classes connect to the database
When can I be sure a directed graph is acyclic?
The perfect crossfade
Object oriented EDI handling in PHP
Is it wise to ask about design decisions made on a product during an interview?
What and all the areas of Linux a PHP developer should know about? (Like just commands of it or something advanced)
prism and multiple screens
How to Deliberately Practice Software Engineering?
How can I refactor client side functionality to create a product line-like generic design?
Is Windows a "second class citizen" in the Django community?
What does "GPL with classpath exception" mean in practice?
Sports Programming
How to deal with different programming styles in a team?
Why did visual programming never take off and what future paradigms might change that?
Traditional ASP.Net WebForms vs ASP.Net MVC
Differences between programming in school vs programming in industry?
What advantages do we have when creating a separate mapping table for two relational tables
Which is better : Storing/retrieving images on/from SQL server or in a directory on server
How to justify having one (or more) mobile developers per platform
What techniques would you use for a next generation java web application?
Website or any material to practice algorithms that explains the solution
Where do you put scenarios on a scrum board?
What's the point of adding Unicode identifier support to various language implementations?
Finding header files
What to use for simple cross-platform games instead of Flash?
Dependency Injection: Only for single-instance objects?
Releasing an open source project without getting embarrassed
Do you start writing GUI class first or reverse?
Does Java have automatic memory management?
Why decouple view and controller (web)?
Detail of acceptance criteria in user story
Beginner's guide to writing comments?
Programming to ANSI standards (for engineering)
Single click handler for all buttons in Javascript? Is it a pattern? Whats the benefit?
Should I keep separate client codebases and databases for a software-as-a-service application?
Should the developer be involved in setup of test data in QA and UAT environment?
Real performance of node.js
Suggestions for getting an open source electron beam tracking code going
Objective-C As A First OOP Language?
What modern alternatives to Numerical Recipes exist?
Does unit testing lead to premature generalization (specifically in the context of C++)?
Abstract exception super type
Suggestion for setting web application parameters
Better control on code updates
Is there a proven concept to website reverse certificate authentication?
Is the term "web portal" obsolete?
Interpolation search vs Binary Search
Introducing Programming To a Mathematician
What is (are) the most useful technique/visualization for overall project status?
Producer-consumer pattern with consumer restrictions
Legal Applications of Metamorphic Code
Where we should put validation for domain model
How to obtain an affordable electronic paper programmable kit or similar?
What does 'stage' mean in git?
Is it good idea to require to commit only working code?
Write own messaging system vs. utilize existing ones
Dynamic Class Inheritance For PHP
How to fundamentally approach creating a 'financial planner' application?
What should be tested in Javascript?
What's Microsoft's strategy on Windows CE development?
Can anyone help solve this complex algorithmic problem?
Does HTML5 have a feature that enables a user to add an icon to the Apps screen when "installing", and if not, when are they planning to add it?
Is there a language or design pattern that allows the *removal* of object behavior or properties in a class hierarchy?
How to do thread management in C++?
Has anyone used Sproutcore?
Are there any good examples of open source C# projects with a large number of refactorings?
Best practice Java - String array constant and indexing it
What are the benefits of archiving?
How is this "interface"-like structure/pattern called?
How to populate a private container for unit test?
Are there any companies using BDD in a .NET environment? 
How can I learn to effectively write Pythonic code?
How can I make an app using mobile's camera to detect words?
Is there an alternative to the term "calling object"?
Mission critical embedded language
Is it bad idea to use flag variable to search MAX element in array?
Is the use of explicit ' == true' comparison always bad?
Massive vehicular network simulator
Closest location - Heapify or Build-heap
What's the benefit of object-oriented programming over procedural programming?
How does PHP5 fare with earlier versions of the language
Framework for developing front-end with back-end as REST
Design review for application facing memory issues
What is block level design in context of mobile application?
Software development life cycle in the industry
Is it typical for a provider of a web services to also provide client libraries?
How can I justify a technology over another? (Java over .NET)
Can all code be represented as a series of Map / Filter / Reduce operations?
Would it be possible to create an open source software library, entirely developed and moderated by an open community?
Who should control navigation in an MVVM application?
Interviewing Process (using blank paper etc)
Is a program linked against an LGPL library in linux still under GPL?
What is the history of why bytes are eight bits?
What resources about business should an internal IT department programmer be familiar with
What happened to the this type of naming convention?
Inversion of Control in ASP.NET MVC
is there a term for doing this: func1(func2(), func3());
What's the difference between MariaDB and MySQL?
Quick and Good: ( Requirement -> Validation -> Design ) for self use?
Use of Service Bus in a Pub-Sub Engine
Is it good practice to use functions just to centralize common code?
How do I display copyright correctly when using components with multiple permissive licenses?
When is the right time to join open source project for programmer?
Is there a name for "More events than expected" bug?
Should one comment differently in functional languages?
At what point should you switch to release build?
Is a code review subjective or objective (quantifiable)?
Easter eggs as IP protection in software
Does calling a virtual protected method from a base class violate the LSP?
When will be your project finished? How long does it take to complete it? Any idea how do you estimate such timing on the spot?
Big table with referential integrity or field typification?
How to choose an agile methodology?
Is it okay to call exception-triggered debugging "post-mortem debugging"?
Include all php files in one file and include that file in every page if we're using hiphop?
Is Ant still in the "mainstream" for Java builds?
What do you do when working with multiple languages with different capitalization schemes?
Is ORM an Anti-Pattern?
how to deal with controller mutations
How can I convince my managers to enforce documentation standards?
Is there a correlation between complexity and reachability?
What are the differences between the Unified Process and the Rational Unified Process?
Is it better to return NULL or empty values from functions/methods where the return value is not present?
How do you keep SOA DRY?
Is error suppression acceptable in role of logic mechanism?
What, if anything, to do about bow-shaped burndowns?
Why not Green Threads?
Is '@' Error Suppression a Valid Technique for Testing for an Optional Array Key?
Threading models when talking to hardware devices
How can you achieve and maintain flow while pair programming?
How to increase the bus factor and specialize at the same time?
Are there any language agnostic unit testing frameworks?
Why aren't postfix and primary expressions symmetrical?
Being prepared for a code review as a developer?
What is a benefit of having source code for ICS?
What are some of the benefits of a "Micro-ORM"?
What Part of Your Project Should be in Source Code Control?
HTTP events? Is there a standard / precedent for this?
Programming in academic environment vs industry environment
Why are public and private accessors considered good practice?
how to layout good documentation
Referring to hardware/software in first-person?
Why should I use Zend_Application?
ResourceSerializable: an alternate to ORM and ActiveRecord
What's the real benefit of meta-modeling?
Is PHP suitable for downloading large amounts of data?
Is there a language that allows this syntax: add(elements)at(index);
Is there a version control system that can show changes to a specific method or function?
booth multiplication algorithm
When should complexity be removed?
What version control system can manage all aspects?
How can I permute pairs across a set?
Software for requirements and use cases
Any good reason to open files in text mode?
How to mark an empty conditional block in Java
How one could use a live editor
Examples of limitations in IT due to different bit length by design
Diagram that could explain a state machine's code?
How can I gather client's data on Google App Engine without using Datastore/Backend Instances too much?
Difference between REST and CRUD
What are the differences between aspect-oriented, subject-oriented, and role-oriented programming?
How should we deal with multiple transaction-report requests?
Is JSF really ready to deliver high performance web applications?
Where can I find inspiration for a good user interface?
What are functional-programming ways of implementing Conway's Game of Life
How to drastically improve code coverage?
Showing real time data using WCF call (silverlight)
Design For Asynchronous User Interface
Need to figure out Timesheet via Email
audio and video data in RTP
Who is responsible for the development of Java?
Finding a definition for this anti-pattern
Is there a way to prevent others to steal your open source project and use it to make a profit?
Where do other programming languages fit in Windows 8 development model?
Are Get-Set methods a violation of Encapsulation? 
Doubt regarding search engine/plugin(One present on the website itself)
Should we write detailed architecture design or just an outline when designing a program?
How to document/verify consistent layering?
UML Diagrams of Multi-Threaded Applications
How should a developer reject impossible requirements?
Do you need to know Java before trying Scala
What common programming problems are best solved by using prototypes and closures?
CPU Architecture and floating-point math
What is jQuery and JavaScript's role in MVC?
Unix as opposed to Windows (Java and C++)
Java code generation from class diagram
best and most used algorithm for finding the primality of given positive number
Rights and use of developed software
How to build completely modular web applications
How to instrument existing ASP.NET application?
Idea of an algorithm to detect a website's navigation structure?
Does waterfall require code complete before QA steps in?
How is precedence determined in C pointers?
How to "back track"?
Why is Conway's "Game of Life" used for code retreats?
Which of these algorithms is best for my goal?
CQRS without using others patterns
Unit testing - getting started
How to layout class definition when inheriting from multiple interfaces
A programming language that does not allow IO. Haskell is not a pure language
Why is a linked list implementation considered linear?
Piece of code for interview debugging abilities test?
My Cassandra consultant left me and now I'm thinking about reverting to mysql
Best algorithm to correlate similar articles
Maintaining Regex in a .net application
How do you learn to effectively use more than one framework
Significance and role of Node.js in Web development
What is the best way to design a table with an arbitrary id?
Would refusing to use a PHP framework be a bad idea?
Trial/Free & Full Version VS. Free App + In-app billing?
Can the customer be a SCRUM Product Owner in a project?
How do you write straight to the point documentation without looking sloppy and informal?
Use the latest technology or use a mature technology as a developer?
Agile (scrum) and UML round-trip tools
How does throwing an ArgumentNullException help?
Modern programming language with intuitive concurrent programming abstractions
Which tasks should a beginner, intermediate and advanced rails developer be able to complete?
JSP Model 2 Architecture and Dependency Injection
The value of an updated specification
Throwing and catching exceptions in the same function/method
Is using Javascript/JQuery for layout and style bad practice?
How to credit other authors in an open source project
Why do some languages recommend using spaces rather than tabs?
what to do with your bin directory
Avoiding bloated Domain Objects
Use open-source programs in your company?
How to Implement Restricted Access to Application Features
FOSS Development: Who develops the OS-specific packages?
At which point is a continuous integration server interesting?
Developing workflow for existing silverlight and WCF application
What are the pros and cons of storing files in DB2 vs folders?
When to use Constants vs. Config Files to maintain Configuration
What are binaries?
What is the best design decision approach?
Where should we put External Libraries in our SVN?
For what types of applications is Python a bad choice?
Open source and updates
"Worker object pool" pattern?
What's a good approach to adding debug code to your application when you want more info about what's going wrong?
Is it possible to develop a functional language based on PHP opcode?
What is the difference between requirements and specifications?
When does the "Do One Thing" paradigm become harmful?
Getting solutions off the internet. Bad or Good?
Understanding the bridge design pattern
Is it good practice to catch a checked exception and throw a RuntimeException?
Are there studies about the disadvantages of using issue tracking systems?
How do I choose a package format for Linux software distribution?
What naming convention for C# file that contains multiple classes?
Getting from a user-story to code while using TDD (scrum)
Eloqua API Full Code Example in JAVA
When defining Product Backlog items, is it s a bad idea to describe what will be part of the user experience?
Why can we delete some built-in properties of global object?
Why is Javascript used in MongoDB and CouchDB instead of other languages such as Java, C++?
How to document and teach others "optimized beyond recognition" computationally intensive code?
How much C/C++ knowledge is needed for Objective-C/iPhone development?
What's the best way to acknowledge many FOSS sources in a single project?
Is it more sensible to log exceptions in a catch-all or in a base exception class?
Database design
How to refactor code to some common code?
How should I design a correct OO design in case of a Business-logic wide operation
Why are part-time jobs in programming an anomaly?
Unit testing statically typed functional code
Python for large projects
Discovering elegant ways of coding
Should security restrictions cause a service to return null or throw an exception?
How to become a more organized programmer?
What to do with unfinished stories and tasks in SCRUM sprint?
The equivalent of a "Memorandum of Understanding" for programmers?
Should code comments have scope?
Meta-licensing of applications
Reading source code to learn
What language should I use for making a cross platform library?
What should I learn after Python?
Handling Indirection and keeping layers of method calls, objects, and even xml files straight
Is it better to use preprocessor directive or if(constant) statement?
Why is trailing whitespace a big deal?
Move a player to another team, with players stored in one arraylist and teams in another using java
PHP rand function (or not so rand)
How do you avoid name similarities between your classes and the native ones?
Is it correct to refer to OSGi as a Dependency Injection mechanism?
Is reference to bug/issue in commit message considered good practice?
How many tiers should my models have in a DB driven web app?
Local versioning system especially designed for documents
How and where do I publish my open standard?
See number of SVN Checkins per folder
Architecture Question
What do I need to develop a PHP extension in lampp?
How can I share my python scripts with my less python-savvy business person partner?
How to develop complex applications
Carpool logical architecture
Create my own database system
Can I use a JQuery plugin under the CC BY-SA 3.0 license in a commercial webapp?
How do you proactively guard against errors of omission?
When to do code reviews when doing continuous integration?
Calculation of Milestones/Task list
Workflow of sharing code for small teams
Building a complete program?
Best practice for processing a list of items
What is minimalistic setup for Agile Development for a small team?
When should I use static variables with primitive types?
CakePHP pair programming practise
Scalable solution for website polling
How can I make sure my evening project code is mine?
Searching for entity awareness in 3D space algorithm and data structure
To what extent could Java be used over C++ for ultra high frequency systems?
How to become an expert in Python, PHP and Javascript?
Data Structures: What are some common examples of problems where "buffers" come into action?
Why should you document code?
Is duck typing a subset of polymorphism
Should developers do their own software releases (if there is a prod support team in place)?
Getting in to smart card programming
What is the economic rationale for focusing on free, open source projects?
Understanding and developing web services
Should your client be able to view your project management board?
How to choose a good namespace name? (Linguistically)
Role of "Refactoring" in good programming pratices?
Mobile (Client) to Amazon S3 (Server) - Architecture
Avoiding coupling
I want to sell my software [C# desktop application] but I was Stuck in licencing
How to write manageable code with functional programming?
What are the essential things one needs to know about UML?
What is the most effective approach to learn an unfamiliar complex program?
How much data validation is too much?
Process arbitrarily large lists without explicit recursion or abstract list functions?
Exposing business logic as WCF service
Object-Oriented Operating System
How to estimate effort required to convert a large codebase to another language/platform
Is Java a good choice for cross-platform games?
Template Functions and Function templates in C++
Programming logic to group a users activities like Facebook
Why the loops are avoided in Kruskal's algorithm?
How to be up to date with the LAMP platform?
Best practices for upgrading user data when updating versions of software
What web oriented language would work best with binary data?
MIT vs. BSD vs. Dual License
Why do we need URIs for XML namespaces?
Developing a feature which sole purpose to be taken out?
What are the key points of Working Effectively with Legacy Code?
How do you end up with event-sourcing if you use a xDD approach?
Where can I get a definition of how the code is laid out in VB.NET 2010?
Backward compatibility with event-sourcing
How to interview a natural scientist for a dev position?
migrating product and team from startup race to quality development
Are there any GUI or user interface design patterns?
Why high-tech OSs (like UNIX family) are mostly command based (rather than GUI based)?
What's the key innovation in the realization of the "cloud?"
Are there any resources on how to identify problems that could best be solved with templates?
How does a website like Mathway work?
iOS Guidelines for Free vs. Paid apps
Good, simple reasons for having multiple environments
Multiple possible jsp views for a request
How can I convince cowboy programmers to use source control?
Why is Perl 5's smart-match operator considered broken?
What's the best way to organize JavaFX 2.0 code?
Can the Abstract Factory pattern be considered as a case of polymorphism?
Choosing a web development framework?
Random pairing algorithm
With PHP frameworks, why is the "route" concept used?
What benefits are there to native JavaScript development?
Why is scanf called scanf? (Same for printf.)
What is the supposed productivity gain of dynamic typing?
Dissection of Google indexing services
Best Upper Bound & Best Lower Bound of an Algorithm
What would you do if your client required you not to use object-oriented programming?
How faster is an 'if' construct compared to an immediate 'if' statement (IIF) and when should I use it?
How to deal with checked exceptions that cannot ever be thrown
What would be the prototype of printf?
Creating A Library That Requires Other Libraries (PHP)
Is there any reason to use VARCHAR sizes rounded to a 128/256/4096 byte offset?
How is the facade pattern different from abstraction layers?
Increase Performance of VS 2010 by using a SSD
Add an ID in every table even if it's not needed?
How are interrupts implemented in practice?
Possibility Program for number of pieces
How to properly shield a Product Owner from outside?
Should I update blog posts or rewrite them as technology (and me) changes?
A good tool for browser automation/client-side Web scripting
How should data be passed between client-side Javascript and C# code behind an ASP.NET app?
OOP private method parameters coding style
Is browser fingerprinting a viable technique for identifying anonymous users?
What's the point of initializing a variable with the same value twice?
Querying key/value store
Who can change the View in MVC?
Struggling with the Single Responsibility Principle
How should I license code written for a startup without a contract?
Organizing your Data Access Layer
How can one find out if open-source code was used in a commercial product?
Should back end processes be included in use cases in requirements document?
How to organize functional programs
How do regular expressions actually work?
Controllers in CodeIgniter 
Single responsibility principle - am I overusing it?
Converting Fortran 77 code to C#
How can I deal with the cargo-cult programming attitude?
What are the pros and cons of multiple inheritance?
Self-documenting code vs Javadocs?
Elegant ways to handle if(if else) else
Where does jQuery fit-in with frameworks like JavaScriptMVC, BackboneJS, SproutCore and Knockout?
On the frontier between work and home
Saying "I don't know" in a technical interview
MVC Validation with ModelState.isValid through a wizard
What to bring to a programming interview?
What are the relative merits for implementing an Erlang-style "Continuation" pattern in C#
Clang warning flags for Objective-C development
Why don't more companies hire remotely?
Freelancers do you have a surcharge for going to client site to work?
Can I use jQuery Mobile if I am developing a native app?
Django as Python extension?
What should I put in comments while commiting to the Source Control?
A good substitute for ASMX web service methods, but not a general handler
Should we stick to a framework?
How important is learning Algorithms for high level language programmers
CSS and HTML inconsistent when declaring multiple classes
I want to write a 2-player web-based board game. Which framework should I use?
Where is the M in MVC?
Documentation with images - what is the most git-friendly approach?
Java void methods implicitly returning this
What's the idiomatic name for a throwaway variable?
How should I handle logging when I create libraries for others?
A Project's Initial Commit to Source Control
Instantiating a class implementing an interface
Is this a correct situation to use a constant?
How do you maintain a common library used by different clients?
How to update display during large processing job
Is there a formula to figure out the total execution time of sequential asynchronous processes?
Functional Low-Level language that can use a webkit view
How do you define, organize, and document your data?
Naming Rules: Standards, Reserved, and what do they depend on?
Estimation of Effort and Schedule for a project with almost no familiar elements
When would one give up backward compatibility in favor of new and improved interface implementation?
How relevant are Brainbench scores when evaluating candidates?
Learning C# in a unified manner
How to load text files into memory-mapped files
How do I go from being able to write code to being a good developer?
What are approaches to learning multiple technologies at the same time?
How managers choose programming languages
Request Information from iPhone/Php developers
Patterns for Continuous Integration and DVCS
What are the personal benefits from writing a boost library
Should exceptions of a subclass extend the superclass exceptions or my own namespace?
Are type and scope prefixes worthwhile naming conventions?
What makes one language any better than another when both are designed for the same goals?
How do you create a software process for a project?
ASP.NET MVC - should the MVC's M, V and C be explicitly aware of domain entities?
Passing a dependency to a controller class
What is Domain Driven Development in practical terms?
Split git repository in two?
Multithreaded file copy
Protecting an Application with Logins
Boss is skeptical of using a version control system for new project, should I anyway?
Rapid code analysis
Why isn't rich code formatting more common?
SQL Triggers and when or when not to use them.
Help in deciding on approach/language for Web App
How did you pick up the art of solving real life problems? Can you shortcut the process?
Advice for becoming a better programmer
How big a problem is Qt's cross-platform GUI?
If I want my client program to be free software, do I also have to release the server software as free software?
Is it necessary to read every single byte to check if a copied file is identical to the original?
Is it good design to require class users to use Rvalue reference?
Given a set of VLSI chips, how do I determine which are good?
Using C++ but not using the language's specific features, should switch to C?
Designing a plugin-based architecture - what is a protocol service supposed to provide to a plugin?
How to get a programmer to apply nice design touches?
What Are The Specific Meanings Of The Terms: Functions, Methods, Procedures, and Subroutines?
A good analogy for computer memory?
Is there any technology similar to LINQPad for compiling C# that runs in a browser?
Algorithm for an exact solution to the Travelling Purchaser Problem
Organizing large Javascript applications - The view layer
Sharing buffer between multiple threads
Decoupling Threads
F# performance vs Erlang performance, is there proof the Erlang's VM is faster?
Should controls on a form be prepared in a separate class?
Using bug-tracking / issue-tracking software to discuss design questions, new tools etc
Which questions a Software Developer/Sr. Software Developer (non-DBA, non-Database Enigneer) should be able to answer about databases?
What to search/research to learn more about this way of coding Java?
Why "Foo" is so a special word?
How to encourage creative user interface design?
Mobile: Native vs. web - Input for discussion on top management level
What hurts maintainability?
Is it misguided to label mobile web applications as cross platform?
What is the difference between the "lib" and "vendor" folders?
Should we bind view to a model property or ViewModel should have it's own..?
Managing UAT / Defect and Bug raising
Is there a mature, easy-to-use CQRS framework that is not Azure-specific, not outdated, or not well adopted?
Does EF mean you might never have to use SQL or design database tables again?
Inheritance vs mixins in dynamic languages?
How do you determine velocity when the previous sprint was half User Stories and half Defects?
Giving away sensitive information about previous employers during interview
Are COM objects a form of IPC?
Programming paradigms and the maintenance developer
What did Bill Gosper mean by saying a data structure is just a stupid programming language?
Should code review be performed before or after unit tests
What are some FizzBuzz-type questions for web or SQL developers?
Linking a modular option to a program without creating a dependence
Mask oAuth API key and token for pure client-side technologies
Is Google App Engine's level of support robust enough for real-world production?
Does simplicity always improve Readability?
Is `catch(...) { throw; }` a bad practice?
How to tackle massive Linux/makefile projects effectively?
Window Position on Startup
Definition of mixing programming idioms?
How to choose a language, when taking in account the community it includes?
Who first created or popularized the original XMLHTTPRequest / MSXML?
What is richochet frames based hotspot jvm?
What kind of documentation should UX designers provide to the developer?
Why is Zend Framework so complicated?
Session Variables and Proper Implementation
Is Dijkstra's algorithm an appropriate solution to this signal routing problem?
How is C++ in QT different from the standard C++ libraries?
Is there a term used when internal variables are declared public and accessible?
Rails generators for subscription and payment processing services?
Use case notation for login
How can I  define and measure simplicity in code?
Event subscription from nested classes
Entity Framework vs. Linq to SQL?
Should you really keep your js, html and css separate?
Programming standards and principles to become better programmer
Database design good practices
Practical size limits of a Hashtable and Dictionary in c#
What are the London and Chicago schools of TDD?
What is a good code pattern for single retry then error?
What are the software technologies behind real time web apps?
How do I add another script engine to web browsers under Linux / Windows / Mac?
Immutable structures and deep composition hierarchy
How to improve my algorithm for analyzing twitters messages from users?
What are the tools/frameworks used to build C# ASP.net applications?
Are there any best practices regarding the handover from architecture to development?
Is it ethical to use personal code at work?
Tools to help Agile team deliver value
Branding websites aimed for mobile devices
Algorithm for searching the neighbors neighbor of a directed graph
Should I develop a product with minimal use so I can say I developed it?
Reasonable to use different version controls for different parts of a web application?
C++ and system exceptions
How to estimate the length of a project based on another project?
Programming "everything" using HTML5?
How to parallelize a sequential algorithm?
Allowing the user to specify the location of a logfile
What is the architectural pattern: data pollers collect push normalized data to a central server for monitoring
Is it fine to have broken intermediate commits, as long as the final commit in any push works?
Is CRTP used much? and why it is/isn't?
How much AJAX is too much?
What are the important factors for database table design and object design?
Migration strategies for deprecating in-house scripting language
Measuring the state of progress in an agile project
Where should I start on a large concurrent programming assignment?
What's the best way to deal with large compressed files over FTP?
Is there any example or resource explaining/showing code from High-level to Low-level to deep down Machine code?
Why should I use reflection?
Alternatives to Professional Version Control
Does everyone need a framework to work better?
Moving legacy application to a testable framework?
Design Methodology for Developing Interoperable Systems?
Guidelines for using BOOST
Reverse Engineering PHP application without reading the (ugly) Code
Company wants to move its programs to a new framework / concept - what are options?
Bill of materials database design in EF codefirst?
What's the best way to handle multiple simultaneous "streams" of development in version control?
Use-cases for node.js and c#
Java Web Frameworks (JSF vs Wicket) Third-party component suites in Wicket?
What should be included on an About page/form?
Is using the new System.Tuple class bad design?
In what types of programming environments is Reactive Management better than Proactive Management?
How can I integrate and store sessions in my database, as opposed to storing them in a cookie and file system?
Is it better to target iOS 5 and ARC or an earlier version with MRC?
Scrum - What and How meetings
What are my options for selling software independently on Windows?
How can a PHP programmer best prepare for a C++ course?
Writing to event log - best practice if log is full
Is there a canonical book on design patterns?
Simulating Agile Software Development
What limitation will we face if each user-perceived character is assigned to one codepoint?
New to iPhone Development - iOS5 Storyboard
Getting started with build tools
Ordered enumeration: IEnumerable or Array (in C#)?
Algorithm for the shrinking of pixel art
Manufacturing vs Software Development
What (free) on-line conferences or video sites about tech stuff do you know?
Does it make sense to use a personal Amazon Cloud Drive to host an SVN repository?
What's the term for "while(true)" loop with "break" inside?
How can Continuous Delivery work in practice?
Offline data that will need imported later
Mobile applications in Delphi
Ideal data structure/techniques for storing generic scheduler data in C#
Is Silverlight suitable for an enterprise class web-based product UI?
Users and roles: Where to put queryUsersWithRole()?
Why is it impossible to produce truly random numbers?
Are JavaScript MVC Frameworks only for 'single-page' apps?
Does a webapp need a connection monitoring feature?
What can be the cause of new bugs appearing somewhere else when a known bug is solved?
How was the first Malbolge interpreter tested?
How to detect impacts caused by changes?
S-expressions readability
Pros and Cons of Joint Application Design
What am I missing from my CI stack?
Software Agent construction guidelines
If your algorithm is correct, does it matter how long it took you to write it?
Datastructure for Peg Board Game
What are frameworks, stacks, and middleware?
Applications of Reverse Engineer, and very general process overveiw
Implicitly or explicitly sorted elements?
in doubt of using code generators
How to apply dynamic programming to optimization problems with 2 constraints
Should I use an aggregate root when designing my repository?
Use Case level confusion
How is the "Pizza picking problem‍​" solved using dynamic programming techniques?
How come the design process is so different for Web Design and GUI Design?
What is ethical/unethical while seeking help on the web with programming assignments?
What kind of interface should a double container offer?
DDD with ORM where should the business logic go?
Are there any Web Frameworks for beginners?
How to move to Java enterprise development after Python and Ruby?
What programming languages and skills are required in addition when building freelance platform with python?
Does freelancing require supreme ability on programming?
How to implement Continuous Delivery with Java webapp?
What are the causes that lead to an overbloated software?
Is it legal or ethical for me to use my previous employer's code in a new project?
What are the disadvantages of unobtrusive script patterns in web applications?
Why isn't lazy evaluation used everywhere?
Proper use of classes
What open source licenses allow for combining code that compiles into a single assembly?
Best design for Windows forms that will share common functionality
Trade-offs of local vs remote development workflows for a web development team
Why pointer symbol and multiplication sign are same in C/C++?
What is a practical way to debug Rails?
What do you think of this Exception handling practice
How can I inspire engineers to positively conduct telephone interviews
Correct For Loop Design
Is it OK to pass the concrete client to a method on the concrete strategy?
Should I provide synonyms in an API?
How to measure time lost due to environment problems?
Is there an expiration date for well regarded, but old books on programming?
Can you successfully keep managing when you are forced back into development?
How are software tests done at tech startups?
Does command/query separation apply to a method that creates an object and returns its ID?
Are there benefits to deriving versions from SCM branch?
Filling a scene with cubes
What would a piecework-based payment system for software development look like?
Copyright statements in source code
What should we provide to a dev team hired to complete a new project?
What is the difference between Software Project Management Process and Software Development Process?
Is there a canonical book on Android Development?
I need help designing a long running job processing server
What's a good way to prepare for this course titled "Programming Language Security"?
Developing a Configurable Pricing Program
TRS-80 Color BASIC as an inspiration for a new programming language
What performance can we expect from std::string's c_str()? Always constant time?
Do I need to get permission to access a site's data or functionality programmatically?
How should semi-agile team operate during management-imposed waterfall-like "testing phase"
Best practice for using a user control across many projects
Where can I find a legal "permission to work on open source" document?
Why is Python recommended as an entry level programming language?
Worst practices in developing database applications
How can I retain knowledge about new technologies I don't use every day?
Using frameworks or writing code without any framework ? Which is better for 3 months aged PHP programmer?
Using Django without a database
Single or multiple files for unit testing a single class?
ASP.Net MVC or Web Forms?
How do quick & dirty programmers know they got it right?
Should an interviewer be prepared to answer any question he asks?
How do you include Support in your Sprint?
Is there a formal anti-pattern to describe the scenario?
What does "automated build" mean?
In agile environment, how is bug tracking and iteration tracking consolidated.
Why are .NET ports called Iron*?
Do you find references invisible when you scan code, and are there any coding guidelines for their usage?
How do you code without offending?
How assertive should I be in handling exceptions in objects?
As a young developer, should I be worried about having to use "out-of-style" tech at work?
Does JavaFX have a future?
How useful are Lisp macros?
What's the current best practice for C multithreading?
Do I really need a disclaimer for free software?
Software Defect Patterns
Why are SQL databases still used with ORM?
What's better approach when creating a user control: receive a full object or only the needed values?
Ways of marking changes being made to a file
Why do PHP variables need to be preceded with a dollar sign?
Is code commonly generated from UML?
In a "Revisional Data Model," where does code that preserves a previous record's state belong?
How to deal with asynchronous functions when you really just want things synchronized
Does not testing internals entail diligent refactoring and/or rely on developer talent?
What about ALM systems, ERPs, and embedded products?
How should I go about learning new technologies?
confusion between SVN and code backup by month/date/time whenever i make major or important update to the code
Agile,Waterfall and requirement changes
How do you solve large dependencies among files?
Emphasizing the importance of TDD to customers
Multiple Dispatch vs. Function Overloading
What are the essential Clojure libraries to learn beyond the basics of "core"
Will I ever be able to code client-side browser code in a language of my choice?
Do I need an IDE to develop Android apps?
Is there another meaning to prototype?
How do you find errors related to undeclared variables in php?
How can I find own replacement when the company wants someone far less experienced?
Should the deploy script be an artifact of the build?
Selling LINQ To Management
What is the starting point for Ubuntu app development?
SONAR and DesignForExtensionCheck Rule
Do you have a find/replace list of C/C++ code improvements that doesn't cause side effects?
Why is it so hard to make a great app?
database migration: upgrade schema deployed on client machines
Using IIS as a server for non-http server
Programming certificates
How can I create Assert.AreEqual(myobject,somevariable) a test in TDD before writing production code?
Is it a bad idea to stray from CSS selector syntax in a JavaScript selector engine?
Handling REST Response Formats
Worth it to Learn an Archaic Language?
How to create donation software?
Getting my feet wet with open source - creating a small project on my own VS contributing to a big one?
How is type checked in a dynamic language interpreter/compiler, such as JavaScript?
How to organize code review process
How to choose the most suitable technologies for your project?
What does CR mean in version numbers?
In C++, were SFINAE and metaprogramming intentional or just a byproduct of templates?
Do TODO comments make sense?
MVC JSon Request architecture
Eclipse: on new projects, which mode: debug or release?
two approaches to database modeling - which one to use when
Keep my classes and methods as small as possible?
Is partial classes modern Subject-Oriented programming?
How should I write my if statements?
Separating a "wad of stuff" utility project into individual components with "optional" dependencies
Scrum Sprint Optimization
What is the best way to evaluate new programmers?
What's the point of camel-case-navigation?
Differences between Design by Contract and Defensive Programming
Do you keep DONE stories in the physical product backlog?
How can I learn practical applications of software engineering principles?
How can you use an LGPLv2.1 licenced AS3 library in a proprietary Flex app without "giving away the farm"?
How to deal with people who don't want to share knowledge?
Is there any good reason why lines with only whitespace should be truncated?
Are there any studies on the Efficiency/Effectiveness of Agile vs Waterfall
What is a good way to refactor a large, terribly written code base by myself?
How does the license work for the LGPL open source framework?
Alternatives to pulling updates off the website
What's the best way to learn the MS Business Intelligence stack?
Why does shared state degrade performance?
How do you limit whitespace differences for developers using different IDEs/environments?
Observer pattern; knowing *what* changed?
How far has process-i-fi-cation of SW engineering come in the past 10 years?
Cross-process asynchronous messages in .NET
Application design for web/iPad/iPhone/Android application
Programming language with native concurrency support for large graphs?
What happens between sprints?
Are Domain Objects in Domain Driven Design only supposed to be write-only?
Evaluating Software Maintenance
Dynamically generating HTML and CSS
Why is C++ predominant in programming contests and competitions?
What are the difference between an edge case, a corner case, a base case and a boundary case?
Using Scrum/agile with multiple customers 
What are all these license types for applications?
Will taking up a job in the enterpise s/w domain reduce my chances of later shifting to consumer software?
Can I use GPL, LGPL, MPL licensed packages with my application and make it closed source?
Ease the pains of unit testing C# when you are the only person on the team unit testing
Ext JS code review check list
Architecting a multi-technology solution
Custom heap allocators
Non-OOP languages advantages and good uses
when to load partial views
Software Development - Project, 1 Programmer - What if hit by bus?
Is there something like Diaspora written in PHP?
Android, OpenGL and extending GLSurfaceView?
Can I use Ruby to automate everything?
Why is the Unit of Work pattern considered fast and efficient when working with an ORM?
Orthogonal design for product pricing and production planning with a NoSQL database
What are the arguments against parsing the Cthulhu way?
For what reasons  should I choose C# over Java and C++?
Do we still have a case against the goto statement?
Project managers: Do you encourage any sort of task division between morning and afternoon?
When a task can be accomplished by either Javascript or CSS, is it better to use CSS?
Does object-orientation really affect algorithm performance?
Pattern for a web application
What are the similarities between Perl and Java?
Exposing warnings\errors from data objects (that are also list returned)
How to go about "taking over" an open-source project?
In c/c++, are block-scope variables stacked only if the block is executed?
Starting off with web dev with php
Comparison of IDEs for C++ and C development on Linux: KDevelop, Eclipse, NetBeans, CodeBlocks and Anjuta
Protecting the uninitiated (developer) from generics
Sharing buffer between multiple threads part 2
What is a value object in domain-driven design?
How important are design patterns in programming?
Is Java free software?
Do you have to include a license notice with every source file?
Avoiding "Smart Guy" Syndrome on Team Projects
How to model a many to many from a DDD perspective in UML?
Translating between Python-Django and Javascript
Did I understand the website "autologin" feature right?
What is important when optimising for the CPU cache (in C)?
Is there a subset of programs that avoid the halting problem
Are there any languages that have both high- and low-level facilities?
How to organize programming exercise
When should I use a CSS class over inline styling?
Can I apply for "Software Engineer" jobs without being an engineer?
How can I efficiently handle input data without a framework?
Shipping test code as a form of sanity check
Static methods on a web context
What is "Problem Domain"
Separating the UI from its event handlers and database queries
Is it possible to embed multiple programs into 1
Data replication patterns / algorithms
How to architect enterprise desktop applications for Windows 8
Using GPL licensed jQuery scripts on website with ads
How to manage your functional documentation?
Algorithm to determine fastest route?
Has SSRS replaced Crystal Reports as a new standard for Visual Studio reporting tool?
How does Assembla compare to FogBugz + Kiln
Should I decompress zips before I archive?
Can SQL Server and Mongo be used together?
What should we include in SSAS cube design documentation?
In-house versus Software-development Environment
How should I introduce a coding standard to my team?
Creating crossplatform TCP proxy/gateway that would handle maximum possible clients simultaneously on 1GB ethernet pipe?
Advice/Approach for distilling homogenous code and building common code for a team
How to build a .Net app which runs on desktop and as a Windows Service
How to write a command interpreter/parser?
How to : Nextag and such other dynamic data pulling website
Forward and backward fourier transform image in java
Storing documents in Database vs CMS in JSF, Seam, Hibernate application on cloud
Resources on learning to program in machine code? 
How do I create a potential shippable product (PSP) at the end of a sprint?
Enum with FlagsAttribute or IEnumerable<Enum>/ISet<T>
Contracting out software development; deliver user stories or business requirements?
Web Developer: Ask to play more of a Project Manager role
What are C's advantages over OOP languages, other than performance?
Transitioning from being a bespoke development to a COTS development house
Example of an Object Oriented System design
Methods on packaging an assembler with compiler
Why was I asked general, non-technical questions during an interview?
Strategy to use version control on a modular system
How do delegates fit into ASP.NET?
Insert grammatical mistakes in a correct sentence
Why disallow int-to-short assignment but allow multiplication and other math?
How to handle errors back in an API environment
Hiring programmers for small companies?
Need help with naming (marshaling interface calls)
Is there a canonical resource on R programming?
Datetime vs Timestamp in MySQL and PHP in practice?
Is it a good practice by commenting with owner name?
Determining whether two binary search trees have the same set of values
Are there any reasons not to cache an entire site permanently?
Does the syntax of programming languages depend upon their implementation?
Should I change author name in class file if I make more than 80% changes?
What does a "bodyshop" (in context of a programming job /environment) mean
Entity Framework and layer separation
How to get collaborators for an Android project?
Using SVN poorly - is Mercurial the answer?
Drag and drop application design
are there any tools to convert general purpose XML to HTML?
Alternate string formatting options in C++?
Large Ecommerce Site Topology and Deployment Guidelines
What is the right way to develop ASP.NET applications in order to separate data access from data visualization?
Long Filename Extensions: Why Not
Best practice modelling an active record entity using Linq-To-SQL as DAL
How to license programming code as open-source to say I am the author?
Beginners guide to developing optimization software
Does syntax matters for a (Lispy) Domain Specific Language (MELT, inside GCC)?
Why is C++ known as 'premature optimizaton'?
How/where would I best advertise my open source project, in order to maximize my odds of finding collaborators?
Finding an agile coach
What is OpenCL?
Is Python's C interface faster than JNI?
Pattern for user interaction and confirmation
Want to learn C++, and have prior web programming knowledge
How to license a script/package if it uses multiple 3rd-party components with different licenses?
Design Document From Code
What would be an appropriate algorithm to factorise numbers in the range of a few billion?
Form screenshot for legal proof of clicking one of the checkboxes?
Where should date formatting take place in an MVC pattern?
Is there a reason to prefer lambda syntax even if there is only one parameter?
Entity Framework and "ViewModel"
Would you rather make private stuff internal/public for tests, or use some kind of hack like PrivateObject?
Who decided on the terminology downcasting and upcasting?
Platform to Learn/Experiment with Web Programming
svn - when will I see conflicts?
What are some examples of "wartiness" making a programming language more useful?
Comment before or after the relevant code
Pair Programming with Scrum
How effective are "game programs" in interviews?
Code Correctness (?) Annotations for Java (and other languages)?
Advantages and disadvantages to making common unit test scaffolding code
How do you do to create the ViewModel part of your MVVM designs?
When should I invalidate a cache of a user's credentials?
Should unit test expected results be hardcoded?
How should HTML data formats be applied in everyday situations?
Generating presentation elements with Javascript vs PHP
Is it considered bad practice to have PHP in your JavaScript
Automatically adding data from JSON to SQL
What should I learn in Java SE before proceeding to Java EE?
Academic programming languages?
Development of a bot/web crawler detection system
Choosing language to write general library in
Right multi object dependance design
Tool for large scale graph analysis
How Much Logic in Getters
A free game-development language?
What is the recommended way to separate current development from maintenance development in version control software?
Version control programs for XML-files - merge/diff tool
My Asp.net MVC is running like a dodo ! Any recommendations
C# Design, many properties, complex constructor and equality
How to do a login page for third party service without letting them sign on?
Web pages in UML sequence diagrams?
Who usually does the use case analysis in the team?
Should I learn a programming language before I attend college for Computer Engineering?
Javascript modularity, server based MVC & business reality
Is hiring a junior developer as a technical trainer a good idea?
Is cloudera hadoop certification worth the investment
Why does everybody write to-do comments in capital letters?
Is there any license restriction to avoid binary translation of CIL to custom bytecode?
What is an algorithm to find simple cycles?
Dependency Injection and Singleton. Are they two entirely different concepts?
What type of applications Silverlight is designed for?
How to use a switch statement with enum efficiently?
Encapsulating a single property
How do you handle time series .Net?
Need help understanding reference operator(C++) in specific functions
In Knuth's MMIX, how can x be an octabyte (64 bits) and M[x] be a byte (8 bits)?
Building a route creator
research papers vs books
Is recursive forking considered an anti-pattern?
Why do certain sites prevent spaces in passwords?
What's an Elegant and OOP way to create a tree from arrays and render it as a nested UL
Debug multiprocessing in Python
What machine learning algorithm[s?] would be applicable here?
Why is there both a short-circuit OR as well as unshort-circuited variation of that operator in C#?
Learning Django by example
What visualization method would you recommend for event driven programs?
Cross "Machine" Code?
where can I find an overview of known "multithreading systems architectures" design patterns?
What are the consequences of having unnecessary references and usings?
File system layout for multiple build targets
Is the "exposer (hack) pattern" a newly identified pattern or does it have another name?
Why is #include <iostream.h> bad?
Finding an A* heuristic for a directed graph
How to treat "The field is never used" warnings?
Are design patterns independent of programming languages?
I need some counter-points to counter the argument of why NOT to use M-V-P
Any good examples of visualizations of performance test data?
Looking for a distributed locking pattern
Is there an IDE for python that creates the same kind of reflective environment that Smalltalk provides?
Concurrent Data Processing by Multiple People
At the end of my rope
Right license(s) for a freemium offer
What do I need to include in my OOP design document?
Package name best practice when porting a library
Recommend a text that explains the physical implementation of C (stack, heap, etc)
Should I use the language I'm most comfortable in, or the company "standard"
Git workflow for multiple teams
How to spread awareness for generic programming among team members?
How to convert a copy/paste/spaghetti programmer to see the light?
Rule of thumb for cost vs. savings for code re-use
What is the Best Style for Functions with Multiple Returns and If/Else Statements?
Extensibility in multi-tenant systems?
How can I make an in-house user group successful?
Work load balance/Task distribution algorithm
Two HTML elements with same id attribute: How bad is it really?
Examples of general purpose algorithms that have benefited from running on a GPU?
What's the best way to design a data and php model for a multi-account system?
What is (was) an update channel?
How do you manage extensibility in your multi-tenant systems?
Software to organize and maintain project documentation, specification?
Agile product planning alternatives to aid goal-oriented feature quality
100K curl requests
How To Handle Previously Uploaded Files
What is the required background to apply Machine Learning to Finance?
Is this bad design? How can it be improved?
How can I separate the user interface from the business logic while still maintaining efficiency?
Implications of handles between forms
Do more object declarations affect the program?
Am I misusing instance initialization?
Is it worth listing testing or self-learning repositories on my résumé?
Simple issue tracker for 1-2 developers
Learn HTML5 CSS3 and JavaScript
Would you choose a database or a dvcs as storage for a documentation wiki?
I would like to improve in writing goal-oriented user stories/features
Accessing the same service more than twice in the nick of time
Telerik ASP.NET MVC components licensing
How should I organize the Presenters/Views for model view presenter?
Benefits of rapid release development cycle adopted by the Mozilla Foundation
How do you test a data load?
What's the best place for a high school programmer to get his work noticed?
Best Practice: strategy regarding Website Projects and versioning
Does it make sense to use Kanban if all steps are done by the same person?
Publishing an internal web app on the internet to a much larger group of users than before
What's a RESTful url for a linked item?
Why does HTML TextArea have its own HTML tag?
How to Write Unit Tests When One Fix Will Make Many Failing Tests Pass?
Struggling as a programmer. Need some advice
How to provide SaaS integration with enterprise systems (from the SaaS provider perspective)?
version control workflow for environment with shared code
Recommendations for implicit versus explicit line joining
Choose code design effort or laziness in Bank world
Best practices in comment writing and documentation 
Is Agile Development used in Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing?
Want to do some damage control
Best practices for moving large MS Access application towards .Net?
When must arbitrary precision arithmetic functions be used in PHP?
Get attribution when other people use my code
How to fit testing in Scrum sprints and how to write user stories in Scrum
Why do programming language (open) standards cost money?
Has the time gone to think about user with JavaScript disabled in browser?
Is there any point in distributing separate .NET 3.5 and 4.0 assemblies?
Strategies for counting child objects
Template for writing requirements/specs for a WCF service interface
Where can I find accessible bug/issue databases with complete revision history
Structuring Visual Studio folders
How does unit testing work?
Using Memcached: is it good practice to update the cache when updating the database?
What implementation do you use when dealing with operators in .Net?
Can you learn OO programming without procedural?
What is MVC, really?
C++ users proposals
What would be the best way to manage a lot of jQuery code?
Why do some sorting methods sort by 1, 10, 2, 3...?
What's a good notation for showing MVC interactions?
How to reply to incomplete requests from potential customers?
Python: What is the point of using "import"?
What does the 'R' in x64 register names stand for?
What are some characteristics of Python that makes it unique as its own language?
Is Javascript a Functional Programming Language
Why is the Select before the From in an SQL query?
Naming conventions for the only envisioned implementation of an interface
How Find operation works in a Binary Tree?
Android development using C and C++
How much code should I be responsible for?
Does the MIT open source license require work derivatives to be made public (under MIT license)?
Defining classes in JavaScript that exist in your back-end
Is this a good code documentation practice?
Does it hurt to learn bits of many programming languages?
Knowledge and skills required for Sharepoint
Comma as a separator vs. comma as a delimiter
Suggesting albums based on friends' top ten lists
Programmers' concerns about export restrictions from the United States
User friendly scheduling feature
Benchmarking databases
Adding more responsibilities to Activities in a flexible way
Why do people suggest not to use instance variable for views in Ruby on Rails
How to structure this program?
SS7(M3UA, SCCP, TCAP, MAP) Stack
Question about a "Benchmark" regarding Java and .NET
What is the role of traditional issue tracker when Scrum / Kanban board is used?
What programmers should do if there are no tasks in hand for few days?
JavaScript (jQuery) And CSS Styling
Resources on Writing Efficient C Code for Micro-controllers?
Writing a lexer in C++
Optimal storage space calculation for name, address, phone, fax and email data
Smallest lexicographical rotation of a string using suffix arrays in O(n)
Why is BASIC bad?
Any standards for naming variables in for loops (instead of i,j,k)
Copyright Laws for Apps
Are there any languages that allow the static context of a method call to be available at runtime?
How do existential types differ from interfaces?
Undefined behaviours in C
Unit testing methods with indeterminate output
Is the author of an open-source application obliged to make the "open-sourceness" visible?
Naming conventions for instance, local and parameter variables
Are tree structures inherently bad for mark-and-sweep garbage collector performance?
How to deploy a heterogeneous server application to customers?
How to make code writing more accurate?
How to properly validate your code?
How to protect own software from copying
C++ for C# Developers
Lisp As A Langauge For A Beginner?
Is it worth learning C++ in depth JUST for a career in low latency trading?
Is it possible to prune the stacktrace returned for a custom exception in PHP
What is the value for a web developer to be familiar with the source code of a web browser?
Are detailed style requirements inappropriate from Marketing?
Developing using a non-official kit on the Android?
What to do with estimation of incomplete story?
Is this the correct approach to an OOP design structure in php?
Overcome clumsiness in writing code
Sort algorithms that work on large amount of data
Best Practices for Redesigning a Database
Creating a web application to concatenate strings to unify naming conventions
Wrapping a 3rd party API - Gateway Pattern connections
What does a code review look like?
How to verify/prove orthogonality of a programming language?
Is it good practice to store framework runtimes under source control?
Organizing Class Members in Regards to Access Modifier
Is the COCOMO model a good argument when defending a programming language choice?
Years experience over unfinished degree?
Which recorder do I use for Selenium 2
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using record and playback for regression testing?
what is exactly an enterprise app store
How to store exception messages
Programming around email address case sensitivity
Right Tools For The Job? One Location vs Multiple?
Move from Curl to Aria2?
Is there any way to test how will the site perform under load
How do you keep track of large projects?
What is the difference between a pointer pointing to 0x0 location and a pointer set to NULL?
several similar tables vs several one-to-one relationships?
Mercurial Repository structure with heavyweight corporate comms, configuration management & test requirements
Where should I store my Image files for an app
Are there any "enterprise ready" functional programming languages?
Benefits/Pitfalls of include
Use of NotImplementedException
I've unit tested my class, now how do I get started with an integration test?
Designing my password class(es). How to split it up?
Best way to get programmers to ask for help when they get stuck
Computer security expert using pre-made tools or own?
LGPL open source license
Best practices for team workflow with RoR/Github for designer + coder?
Strictly from an employability perspective, what is the best web development framework to learn right now?
Evidence of Bad Design: Updating feature A breaks/interferes with existing feature B
When to Stop Debug
Should unit tests be stored in the repository?
Suggested HTTP REST status code for 'request limit reached'
What are concrete rules for using a linked list instead of an array?
Licensing on forked projects
How would you explain HTTP to a lay person
Code review approaches
Who is Configuration Manager?
Computation Program Not Running at 100% CPU Utilization
Programmer-Tester-Ratio
Who's responsible for a master / slave switch?
How to handle large numbers?
Can we say objects have attributes, states and behaviors?
How often is appropriate to destroy objects?
How do lines of code get executed by the CPU?
Is it OK to use sample code from blogs, GitHub, etc... in commercial applications?
Do Universal iOS Apps have more "issues" when new versions of iOS come out?
Rate your programming language expertise by language concepts
Describing the Difference Between Web Library and Web Framework
Google Closure Compiler - what does the name mean?
Does using new techniques hurt productivity?
What is the purpose of including header files in the solution in Visual Studio?
Is there a better way to design these classes?
Software licenses in practice
Any good tips for a PHP Programmer for starting on Iphone and ipad apps? (have pc only)
web content management system
What is a good overview of options for access controls/permissions?
Suggestions for search methodology requested
Most frequently used design patterns in refactoring (my example)
What is a "markdown-formatted" README file on Github?
Why is there such limited support for Design by Contract in most modern programming languages?
When is it appropriate to develop a gui application, as opposed to a web application?
Tags or specify revision?
Self-Executing Anonymous Function vs Prototype
Are there any frameworks available for drawing with CSS?
T-SQL stored procs orders of magnitude faster than LINQ
How to prove an application is built on a bad codebase?
How to get the most out of an annoying project
Steps required to start programming in C++ to develop native applications
n-layers architecture design, really worth the effort?
How quickly is the silent IE upgrade likely to propagate to end users? What about managed corporate IT infrastructures?
How can I design a model layer without ORM, and when should I use it?
Is it ok to call external services or database inside the entity
Is documentation a User Story?
Empirical Evidence of Popularity of Git and Mercurial
Is it common to have stored procedures disabled on MySQL managed hosting plans?
JSP, EL, JSTL: learning from a web designer perpective
Never written much unit tests, how can I practice more of it?
How do you validate critical input that cannot be vetted?
interview for an internship but I think I may be unprepared
Is Learning C++ Through The Qt Framework Really Learning C++
New to Programming/objective c
Are separate parsing and lexing passes good practice with parser combinators?
RESTful HTTP OPTIONS request content
Should a code review be different for front-end web developers?
Getting involved in an open-source Python-Java project
Basis of definitions
Process of developing software?
Can you call any php model class in an MVC from the controller?
Can you give me an example of your Continuous Integration development process
UI Developer Interview Question
cost trade-offs for deploying changes to prod, stored procs vs. LINQ 
Using alternative MVC framework
Any changes/improvement for LINQ 2010 vs LINQ 2008
How to do lazy loading in a SOA fashion?
As a programmer, what am I supposed to know like the back of my hand?
Inc/dec vs +=/-=
OOP - How to handle multiple instances of a class
Is it important/essential to learn software development methodologies for beginners?
Why special characters are deemed risky in URL and query strings?
C vs C++ for a Java (and possibly python) Programmer
Employer appeal; OOP use in mainstream; solutions that blossom with OOP
What should a GetSelectedIndex method return when no rows are selected
What are the relative advantages of dictionaries versus databases?
Are there any podcasts (not lectures) about compiler development?
Pseudocode for an echo using recursion
what kind of relation will exist between a member and a P2P network classes in a class diagram?
How should I control the versions of my project on GitHub
What other reasons are there to write interfaces rather than abstract classes?
Should QA be part of the development department?
Do you get the benefits of a B-Tree in a managed language?
How to sync calendars events programmatically?
Were the first assemblers written in machine code?
Is CSS a programming language?
Are there open source alternatives to Bitbucket, Github, Kiln, and similar DVCS browsing and management tools?
Parallel computing and mobile computing
Should I use acronyms when listing technical jargon on my résumé?
How can a programmer keep up with the hardware world?
Resume dilemma for professional job
Programmers clipboard monitor under Windows
Algorithmic problem: Picking Cards
Make or Buy: Web Based Accounting App Advice needed…
Does Quebec require all output, including internal logs, to be in French?
What is "Scalable Integrated Systems"?
Functional Programming: Are Tuples a viable replacement for Types?
How to Document the Security/Encryption Code of an Application
Apps for facilitating live code demos?
Web Development: is always Typing necessary or can type on demand work?
How big should OSGi bundles be?
Give a more formal definition for the term "pythonic" than PEP8?
What is the difference between waterfall model with iterations and evolutionary software development model?
Version Control with SQL Server
What do you call a pair of function that are complements of each other?
The case for code obfuscation?
Should I put calculation logic in an Entity or in the Business Layer?
How to find Sub-trees in non-binary tree
How to keep a big and complex software product maintainable over the years?
HTML5 video sprites
Automatically update copyright date range from git?
How do I go about choosing a development lifecycle model model?
Splitting Logic, Data, Layout and "Hacks"
Simulating/developing_a_testing_strategy for factors that might cause the same algorithm to produce different results in Distributed Systems
How can I license networked applications?
Should SpecFlow be used with BDD as a solo developer?
Would be semantically correct to make a “Login” constructor in an api class?
Should web browsers include popular web framework libraries?
Help on a Dynamic Programming definition in Cormen
Best version control habits for solo developer?
Better way to train new hires
Object oriented programming concepts
Example bad code project to motivate refactoring / good design
Immutable design with an ORM: How are sessions managed?
Making an HTML5 application for both Android and iOS
Data Serialization to process business logic
How can I efficiently approach cookie-based session handling?
Difference between static testing and code review
What are the complexities of memory-unmanaged programming?
Better approach for updating live website on Server
Can manager classes be a sign of bad architecture?
How can I answer interview questions about developing in a team when I've always been a lone developer?
What is the best way to handle product versioning and branching of long term projects?
What should be the Roadmap for JAVA EE
How to incrementally update a database when deploying a website?
How to react to wrong/not answered questions during interview?
Change Management Standard
How do I approach a coworker about his or her code quality?
Is it bad interview practice to have candidates write a linked-list implementation?
Bluetooth or Bump API for membership card functionality?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of storing the number of comments in an integer column vs. calculating it on the fly?
Precaching HTML image resources
Should consistency be favoured over programming convention?
Coded ui to measure performance
How would Functional Programming proponents answer this statement in Code Complete?
Write Unit test for heavily-database application?
How to manage github issues for (priority, etc)?
Automatic sorting of class/module members and its possible impact on productivity and code quality
Is it possible to write application-level logic in an XML or plain text format?
How do I encrypt the source code on the webserver?
What issues do I need to consider when setting up a User Support group for a large enterprise system?
Which part of the source base should users be testing?
Do paint programs also need database?
planning the same app for both OSX and iOS
What would be the best way to spend a day learning Guice?
How far is the trail from Java to C / C++?
How to teach basic principles to programmers
How Do You Estimate Project Hours Using Pivotal Tracker If You Are a Services Firm?
How to determine the effectiveness of a code review process?
Is it a really required skill to program without API documentation?
LUA vs Shell scripting vs C for cgi-scripting on embedded devices
What is this development methodology called?
Is it bad practice to create new objects without storing them?
How can I gauge a candidate's ability to learn in an interview?
How is Python used in the real world?
DRY way to write Javadoc on overload methods
Is there a difference between merges in svn compared to git or mercurial?
Find all points within a certain distance of each other?
One-use variables - has any language ever had them?
Why is local copy writable by default in SVN, but readonly in Perforce/TFS?
Trimming script size by using array notation for frequently accessed properties
How to improve yourself and grow as a programmer?
UserControl inside Placeholder good/bad? + Postback problem
Example of time-saving usage of compile-time meta-programming?
What is the relevance of Unit Testing in an "Release early release often" environment?
How to avoid "DO YOU HAZ TEH CODEZ" situations?
General approach to re-factoring a large, very badly written legacy system
Are there good techniques or tests for naming types?
Is there a design pattern for modelling job execution flow?
How to correctly chain overloaded functions?
Is there a way to handle nested Collections more elegantly?
Is it possible to automatically convert code from a low level language to a high level language?
How to store personal information properly?
Does long term programming affect writing in a native spoken languages?
Time complexity of a nested loop where the inner value is decreased in every step
Too much free time in work place
User story does not fit in a sprint
Nulls in every type and checked exceptions in Java?
How to resolve methods with the same name and parameter types?
Porting library, what to do with JavaDoc comments/credits
Choose C++ or Java for applications requiring huge amounts of RAM?
What is a good IDE for client side JavaScript development?
What is an untriaged bug?
Are there any advantages of using separate RDBMS for reports?
Is Agile applicable in product development companies as well?
Technique for multiple users on same datasets
Do programmers keep error reporting on or off?
Should I refactor this rails application?
How could I implement multitouch gestures without a start event?
How is Scala scalable?
Does an unexperienced programmer need an IDE?
What is the "architecture" that provides functionality to application-level URI interfaces, like chrome:// and Firefox's about:config, etc?
Should a PHP beginner use a framework?
Is there a general method to evaluate the optimality of an optimization algorithm?
Is there really such a thing as "push"?
Are buffer overflows no longer a threat these days?
Polymorphism confusion
Why doesn't "object reference not set to an instance of an object" tell us which object?
Optimistic work sharing on sparsely distributed systems
UUID collisions
What programming language to choose for this XML and data processing task?
What license/EULA do I need for free to use software?
Word for red flags / warning signs?
How should I implement my chosen software license?
Is it a good idea to measure the performance of a method by using unit test timeout?
MVVM Reporting App Approach ? Data Access Layer?
Can I use the database structure of an open source project?
Max. SMS length that will reach all users
Is it good practice to keep the main function separate in its own file?
Why is Scala more scalable than other languages?
Open-source or closed-source for SaaS?
Is iterative documentation development possible, and does it deliver effective documentation?
Can cross-platform development be speeded by really specific, complete pre-coding design?
thick client migration to web based application
A good schema to represent integer numbers from 0 to infinity, assuming you have infinite linear binary storage?
Why does a Java source file bear the name of the public class it contains?
How much should I know about Hibernate before I add it to my CV/Resume?
What is the best way to structure workshops for starting programmers?
What is the current state of Google's Dart programming language?
Version Control based on portable storage?
Why do organizations limit source code access to engineers?
Need help with deciding elements for icon creating application
What is the best way to structure an Android application?
Agile unified process vs. agile lifecycle process
Omitting inheritance in programming languages
Would it make more sense to use a framework to build an commerce site, or build it from the ground up?
Why is it optimal to schedule shorter jobs first on a uniprocessor?
Private interfaces within a package
What copyright date for an update to an open-source project from last year?
What to call pure JavaScript standalone (web)apps for which I've not written any server side code?
Why is a Bayes classifier used for spam filtering?
Is there another name for Sql Azure's programming language?
When and how to use the advanced features of git?
How can I convert PPT files to PNG in PHP without COM?
Are there any opensource APIs that help analyze code?
Prerequisites for developing an application with Unicode support
How should I extend an existing Service?
Easiest way to create static HTML file with sortable and filterable table?
Keep it simple now, or program with the future in mind?
In PHP, how do you code with scalability in mind?
What is the name for the programming paradigm characterized by Go?
Should I Prefer Session Timeouts Based off of Prime Numbers?
What is the point of the string.Empty property
open source flash environments
Why do technical/programming phone screens focus on inheritance?
Can modern OO languages compete with C++'s array store performance?
Strategy for building an application to replace a large spreadsheet
Randomly generate directed graph on a grid
Intelligence as a vector quantity
How do you evaluate a small piece of code?
What you should do if your junior did not adopt your suggestion?
Is 'process debt' a term people work with
How independent is Clojure from Java?
How should repetitive calendar tasks be stored in the database?
typedefs and #defines
Is there a design pattern that would apply to discount models?
What is the difference between routed events and attached events?
How early is too early to be involved in new feature development?
What is the best way to access multiple child properties?
Should I pass an object into a constructor, or instantiate in class?
What is the difference between a function and a lambda?
What is a realistic way to handle customer-specific software patches?
How do I choose what code to review?
Architecting an organization's web strategy. What is the preferred method here?
Why does email sent from my site end up in SPAM folders?
What Are the Cons of Publishing Beta Software in Android Market?
Is the MIT license suitable for an open source library that is only used in unit testing scenarios?
How can I develop a Package Manager for Embedded Systems?
Is using PhoneGap for your first ever mobile app a good idea?
How to use code from abandoned github projects
How to deal with the trail of bugs?
How can I best prepare for building Windows Phone 8 Apps
Source control workflow for managing a software platform
What is the development workflow for an Android SIP application?
Efficient graph clustering algorithm
Difference between DevOps and Software Configuration Management
Jump into Android or learn Java basics first?
Date as software version number
How to apply DRY to files shared by repositories?
Parent and child permission schemes
Anyone know of any parallelizing compilers following the approach of the Dragon Book?
How should XML subtree manipulation be handled in a public API?
Sending Data to a Specific Android Device
Dealing with large amounts of web service requests and storing that data
Should we test all our methods?
What are your advice, methods, or practices to take out the most from a day on-site at a customer?
Development setup for TDD. Is it correct?
How to quickly try out Java code?
Stack-instructions machines
What's the best way to learn nature-inspired algorithms?
Are super methods in JavaScript limited to functional inheritance, as per Crockford's book?
Load testing : how to generate per second requests?
Is it possible to write software that doesn't need to be continually modified?
Website Country Detection
Should I intentionally break the build when a bug is found in production?
When and why should one create classes at runtime?
Handling invoices with timestamps
Why is 'void' not allowed as a generic type in C#
What are the things that you consider in reviewing an iOS source code?
What should I be looking for when evaluating unit testing libraries and tools?
Reengineering the project from scratch
Is it a good idea to use an unit test framework for another purpose than test code?
Image color/grayscale classification
Why should I not always pass a Django request context in a view?
What should be the "depth of design"?
Designing web-based plugin systems correctly so they don't waste as many resources?
SVN: Working with branches using the same working copy
How can I reuse generic code for consulting between companies?
Handling extremely large numbers in a language which can't?
Best practice to query data from MS SQL Server in C#?
Research on software defects
What are the common approaches & practices for big applications?
What is the reason behind the if syntax of CoffeeScript?
When we talk about 'a closure' do we refer to a single variable, or do we refer to all 'closed' variables?
Choosing the right branching strategy for releases
Various programming concepts (from a Python viewpoint)
Dual licensing with GPL library
Is there a personalizable programming language you can use to convert to others?
Interactive training site for Javascript complete with code challenges
Conflicting Java Styles within a Team
How to stop dwelling on problems rather than tasks?
Do coding puzzles make good interview questions
HTML 5 Double-Helix/DNA
What do I need to consider when using code under the Apache License in an application submitted to Mac App Store?
What constitutes "distributing" for LGPL v3
GitHub: Are there external tools for managing issues list vs. project backlog
After writing code, why do I feel that "I would have written better" after some time?
Is Usage Tracking esoteric or state of the art?
Personal Software Process (PSP1)
Confused About Virtual Memory for All Processes
What is the difference between DI and IoC?
Visualizing a CUP grammar
What is the point of an interface?
Developing a mobile interface for Website
Google Analytics and customers privacy
Is the financial sector any different from other sectors in terms of language fragmentation?
Semantic or structure - which should get preference for variable naming?
What's the benefit of avoiding the use of a debugger?
What are the best-practice / norms to order functions in files or classes?
How do you describe the way LinkedIn handles URL links?
Why use try … finally without a catch clause?
What is the name of ** in python?
design pattern for describing a variable subpart of a config file
Java GNU Licensing
WCF and Service Registry
How to introduce a new pattern into an existing codebase?
Approaches against code base becoming uniformly slow
From where did the symbols *args and **kwargs in Python originate?
How to use a MessageBox using the MVVM pattern?
What is inversion of control, and when should I use it?
Difference between Dependency Injection (DI) and Inversion of Control (IOC)
What advantages does developing applications for smartphones have over developing the same application as a web application?
Managing lots of little (sometimes contradictory) changes
Functional Programming approach for a simplified game using Scala and LWJGL
What are the reasons one would use fully qualified class names in source code?
Why do .NET shops seem to prefer Crystal Report over RDLC reports?
How can I simulate clicks for a mobile browser?
Can you point me to a nontrivial strategy pattern implementation?
How do you prevent getting stuck in "research-mode" on a big project you're unfamiliar with?
Learning event driven programming
How to get OOAD and Design Patterns hands-on experience in C#?
Why doesn't the DART language use a special character to identify variables?
CFO's Expectations and Scrum Development
Handling tough or unexpected technical questions in meetings
What should developers test before submitting their work to testers?
IDEs for dynamic languages - how far can you get?
Scientific evaluation of programming methodologies
Which arguments pass by value and which pass by reference in Java?
Is querying KeyValue Pairs efficient compared to two-property objects?
What types of positions might involve improving processes using CMMI and Scrum?
Node.js, socket.io vs User Initiated Refresh button and Server Load Considerations
Performance of Scala compared to Java
Why do we have so many flavors of .NET? Is it a good thing? 
I am trying to figure out how difficult or expensive it would be to add this feature
Interface naming: prefix 'Can-' vs suffix '-Able'
How to structure unit tests for a GUI app using C# and NUnit
Should one bind data with Eval on aspx or override ItemDataBound in code-behind?
How long does it take for one to become really comfortable in a programming language and coding starts being fun?
How can I debug exceptions that are not easily reproducible and only occur in a production environment?
Search algorithm with co-ordinate (x,y) hints?
Should an application be designed without prototyping first?
Platform design Issues
How can I convince a team member to use a web framework?
How to correct a junior, but encourage him to think for himself?
Is it possible to learn maths via programming, or you should learn maths for programming?
How to solve a fundamental cloud data storage dispute?
Can I use the concept of 'tags' (derived from StackExchange sites) in a personal project?
Are there any downsides or problems with Haskell?
Why didn't the C++ Standard adopt expression templates?
How can I defend Ruby on Rails against customers' not technical opinion?
Never use Strings in Java?
Has anyone used functional testing tools to grade student lab exercises?
How to name a private method in a language which doesn't support privacy?
How should I deal with nested compositions?
Software licensing for reusable chunks of code
How should an administrating web application control a WCF service's entities?
Will giving new recruits a separate subproject from experienced developers help the newbies ramp up more quickly?
What is the easiest and cheapest way to distribute apple iOS enterprise app?
Can JavaScript be used as a general scripting language?
How to stop the development spec from changing in mid development?
How to use BPMN and use case and other diagrams together
How do you perform modeling in an Extreme Programming environment?
Drawing Ellipse from a bounding box?
Fun Learning Exercises Recommendations
In a legacy codebase, how do I quickly find out what is being used and what isn't?
Where is a good place to start to learn about custom caching in .Net
string.format with variables vs inline variables
Is IoC feasible in winforms?
Is it possible to integrate UDP file transfer into a .NET web application?
What is the value in hiding the details through abstractions? Isn't there value in transparency?
When to stop writing user stories, and start coding?
Difference between a service class and a Helper class
How do I write a specification?
How to handle onsite interviews with multiple companies?
Is there a unit testing framework for HTML markup?
Two different user story forms, are both correct?
Adding ordered nodes to tree in arbitrary order
What can one do when "lead by example" doesn't work?
Efficient Java Programmer
What are build team responsibilities from developer point of view?
Help me understand how to stream video
Programming a chatterbot - understanding language
Is a silverlight UserControl considered a view?
When learning Android, should I focus on the latest and greatest?
How to Use Subversion Repository Inside Git Repository?
Object-oriented design question
Finding and/or becoming an open source product owner
What is the proper way to suggest features to be added to the C# language?
Difference between Controller and Dispatcher in MVC for web frameworks?
How can I deal with developers who don't use English in code?
How might the role of product owner go against the idea of open source, or work for it?
Advanced JavaScript design patterns
Getting users to write decent and useful bug reports
Testing an IRC Bot
PHP web application architecture/design
Are C and/or C++ viable/practical options for web development?
Is it OK to include another person's open-source module in a project that you are uploading to GitHub?
How do I Integrate Production Database Hot Fixes into Shared Database Development model?
Why are cons lists associated with functional programming?
How can I prevent programmers from capturing data entered by users?
Mobile Web Security Articles
What to do (or not do) when a developer doesn't deliver the goods?
What's the best practice for rendering a different GSP template based on the type of object in a collection?
What is O(...) and how do I calculate it?
Which is better SICP or HTDP
Why are developer commit statistics harmful?
Should we rename overloaded methods?
As a Junior Software Engineer should I say that something has been done wrong if I feel so?
What makes a language Turing-complete?
Should I use friend classes in C++ to allow access to hidden members?
What should the main content area be called?
Windows GUIs: How Long Will 'Deprecated' APIs Last?
How did you get good practices for your OOP designs?
What are the three main technologies for a redesign of a COBOL legacy system
Is it considered "conveying" if I share modified LGPL v3 code on GitHub?
How do I determine how many numbers are in a floating point number system?
Does a website running modified GPL software have an obligation to release their changes?
Is it legal to reuse code in other customers' projects?
Is it a bad idea to ask an interviewer what the greatest strength and weakness of their development team is?
At what point should I have my Windows developers upgrade to the latest release of Windows?
How to explain the history of programming to non-programmers?
Convince someone that an app cannot be done
Problem with understanding "seam" word
How to Determine # of Programmers needed for a project
What issues should we be aware of converting to Agile/Scrum with a project that's underway?
Best way to maintain data between local and remote sql databases
Is rethrowing an exception leaking an abstraction?
What is the best way to divide work among developers
What are the features required for Object Orientation?
Authentication for 'participants' vs 'users'
What's wrong in returning hashtable from public method and when does it make sense to do so?
How can I obtain feedback from external developers?
Does any software come with a warranty?
How can I provide a limited warranty for a software product?
Closest to “Mathematica Graphics[]" drawing environment for Python
Is coupling with strings "looser" than with class methods?
Build Process for Web Application
Is there an alternative to bits?
How to deal with the MPL in a pragmatic way?
Is there an efficient way to adapt data from a structure to another in c++?
Attachment handling for web application with Jackrabbit
Is it possible to release a library based on the ASIO SDK under the LGPLv3?
Java - using single class or multiple class for each type?
Source Control: Roles and Responsibilities - Best Practices
Maintaining referential integrity between a mobile client and a server
Literate programming, good/bad design methodology
Is having public constants "bad"?
Current best practice/methods to code a VB.NET DAL in SQL Server
Solving Scrabble board?
Where can I get a diverse set of sample text?
Queries in Agile process
Question about the use of the word 'porting' in programming
What are the practical uses of Windows Services?
Is the Leptonica implementation of 'Modified Median Cut' not using the median at all?
How do I format negative user stories?
Who's the author/creator of the Repository Pattern?
User Stories about Automated tasks, who is the user?
Is there a specific purpose for heterogeneous lists?
Is it better idea to call an external command-line application or to internalize that application's logic?
Dealing with management that does not see value in improvements that are not immediately visible to the user
Which commit should close a Github issue when multiple commits are responsible?
Why is it discouraged to create variables on the fly? PHP gives you a Notice Error
What language is used to program nano quadrotor behaviour?
S.O.L.I.D., avoiding anemic domains, dependency injection?
What services exist for finding someone specific to then run your own peer to peer software with?
How does one determine whether or not to rewrite poorly-designed code?
Return Types from Service Interfaces in Service Layer: Mapper required for UI Layer objects?
What functionality does WebStorm contain which RubyMine does not?
Studies on how noise affects productivity of programmers
Does it make sense to avoid a framework when building a large webapp with PHP?
Unit of work principle is causing a problem in MVC3 application
Jenkins without Automated Tests
How to infer my Assumptions I based my time estimate on?
Factory design pattern - getting the types from a table
How-to convince company to start documenting for legacy software
Studies of open source software adoption
Determining the right amount of documentation
Is it possible to compile Java into machine code? (Not bytecode)
Modern Java implementation of Blackboard Pattern?
Private variable vs property?
Cost of design based on the cost of programming
Create Primary Interop Assemblies or generate them?
Interesting questions about Behaviour-Driven Development
Unit-testing of inherently random/non-deterministic algorithms
C programming in Windows 7
Adding complexity to remove duplicate code
Can I use Node to add email functionality to an existing site?
reverse engineering js/html controls as part of development
Is there a difference between casting and converting types in imperative programming languages?
Node.JS testing with Jasmine, databases, and pre-existing code
Is it OK to put a link to Q&A sites in a program's comments?
How could I make automatic tests for GUI?
Is Model-View-Presenter (MVP) scheme useful for Android?
Should I use WADL to describe my RESTful API?
Need help with algorithm for sorting list
When using Git, is using the master branch for active development advisable?
Entity-Component-System architecture: interaction between systems
Multiple source files vs. libraries for a single project
Organizing projects in SVN
Creating controls dynamically in the code-behind or ViewModel?
Are there general rules or best practices for building a new framework?
How can I write HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to make back-end developers work easier?
Roadblock-confused about structure of program
Can I re-license Academic Free License code under 2-Clause BSD / ITC?
How to start team programming
A decent git branching model for products that should accompany the version of another, third-party product (and pros and cons of one proposal)
Computed Values and Simple Reads - A nagging pain for my Domain Driven Designs!
What are good ways to organize input files (Makefiles, SConstruct, CMakeLists.txt, etc.) to build automation software?
What are the effects of including build tools in a code repository when those tools have different licenses than your code?
Passing data between concrete states?
Is TCP/IP an OSI Replacement or both are inter-dependent and meant to work together
Is a traditional client app which connects directly to a database a good idea?
Is there any reason why most programming languages don't have '!>' (not greater than) and '!<' (not less than) operators?
Is it possible to release Code using the MS Solver Foundation under GPLv3?
Help understanding server-side scripting
std::shared_ptr as a last resort?
RESTful web service and delta updates - advantages and disadvantages
Do big software companies develop their business process management solutions (ERP) in-house?
What's wrong with mutability and can it be desirable?
How do I preview my mobile web application on a Windows 7 PC?
Handling Errors In PHP When Using MVC
How REST is used outside of the web
Standard semantic name for 3rd table in 3NF
Is it bad practice to store user input in the same table where the admin stores data?
How do I make sense of the javascript frameworks explosion ? Should I learn them all?
Why should identifiers not begin with a number?
Can web technologies, like PHP, HTML, and CSS, be used for desktop development?
How should I choose the right documentation for my team?
Using XML field Vs. creating a table for unstable organization
What is the ideal length of a method for you?
How should I include third-party models in my domain model?
What are the steps involved in creating a testing process?
Is studying more than one programming language as a beginner confusing?
Unit/Integration Testing my DAL
Recommended Java source code reading
In the context of semantic versioning, does a change in the default configuration warrant a new major version?
Writing Testable Code vs Avoiding Speculative Generality
How to do locking and not use a database?
How to prevent corrupting an hierarchical XML tree?
Source/Version control for application used by multiple companies
How should I deal with external data sinks?
Common diagnostics which VisualVM is used for
VisualVM Sampling & Accuracy
Is "Code Smell" still a useful metaphor, or has misuse of the term subverted its meaning?
What's the simplest example out there to explain the difference between Parse Trees and Abstract Syntax Trees?
Any reference doc /model/ implementation of enforcing events dependency/ordering in distributed computing?
How does one effectively implement the 80/20 rule for developer time?
When stuck, how quickly should one resort to Stack Overflow?
What things do I need to become expert ASP.net MVC
API design involving standard and custom settings
How do I efficiently store all OpenStreetMap data in an indexed way?
Need to make my code more readable to the other programers in my team
Real world implementation of functional programming?
How to avoid throwing vexing exceptions?
Programming with a group of people I've never met
Javascript client - which is likely to be better serverside? WCF or MVC3 controller with restful messages?
Architecting Challenge: How would you write an opensource script installer to run in a browser?
Implementing oAuth 2 server
Refactoring an existing MVC codebase to remove business logic & data access from the Controllers
Should I store False as Null in a boolean database field?
Syntactic sugar regarding function parameters
Pro's/Con's to database table layout as it relates to maintenance & extensibility 
Abstract methods vs instance variables for reusable objects
Returning an object or false in dynamic languages
How to estimate a timeboxed spike using story points?
How to estimate sprint velocity with varying team capacity?
How do I share my jQuery plugin with the world?
Designing a web app that will be used from distant geographic locations
How would I use a browser as a GUI for Emacs apps?
Ideas to get you programming mojo back?
Is there a correlation between some software engineering practices and software engineering success stories?
Is C++11 Uniform Initialization a replacement for the old style syntax?
What do you absolutely have to know about a candidate before hiring him?
Problems (such as maintenance) in development with unpopular language
When calling a method should we use base.methodname and this.methodname?
What's the best way to build a factory using NInject?
How should I handle exposing Java beans to end users? 
How to optimize methodology to collect Market Data?
How can I properly compare double values for equality in a unit test?
Where should I locate the cache in a WCF service?
Regulation of the software industry
How can I extract words from a sentence and determine what part of speech each is?
How to properly approach a GitHub workflow as a solo developer?
Backquoted symbols, good or bad?
What is a good strategy for testing UserControls?
Need suggestion for Mutiple Windows application design
What is the best way to allow a client to contribute to a project?
What is the origin of sessions, by whom and when were they created?
What function or method can I use to equally distribute a workload
When making a website. How do you keep track of an ever growing set of url parameters and expected values?
Is it significantly costlier to fix a bug at the end of the project?
How do I "hand over the keys" to a webserver I'm hosting?
Exceptions as asserts or as errors?
Why don't mobile platforms support generational garbage collection?
How effective are programming challenges in the recruiting process?
Why is CS taught to be memorized?
Implementing Scheduling Within an Application
How to let teammates know what changes I made to an object?
Components under what licenses can I use in my paid app?
How would you use Redis for Exception Handling?
Best-practice to manage concurrency into a basket in a e-commerce website
Where can I find good example of techniques to compact data in-memory?
Methods to rewrite a program
OCCI for non-web application
What should I do when I find sensitive information in version control?
WPF more dynamic views and DataAnnotations
Is it a must for every programmer to learn regular expressions?
How safe is it to cache a user ticket in SESSION
Why is SQL known as a relation-based / functional language?
How should I plan and start a project?
Is programming or computer science in general, all about algorithms?
When using Java Persistence API (JPA), which layer owns the entities?
Should PHP view files be called something other than '.php'?
Lua-type Java integration with C++
What sources of sample work should be used in a job interview?
How might a Windows 8 Metro app handle back end database access?
Which notification pattern is preferable?
To use, or not to use, commons-io in a Java applet
Is there a difference between the quotes in `help',``help", 'help' and "help"?
In Windows 8 will it be possible to use WCF in conjunction with HTML5/JS?
libavcodec/libavformat question
How does one request / handle personal or financial information?
Assembly instructions execution time
Why don't public web applications use ini files for configuration
Why should I prefer composition over inheritance?
Synchronizing local and remote cache in distributed caching
Github-like "pull requests" without Github
Sharing knowledge in activity-based working
How can we avoid creating duplicate or conflicting functionality when working on an agile team?
Can I share data between two users in an ASP.NET Application?
Why are shortcuts like x += y considered good practice?
Are we always supposed to create a setup to deploy or application?
How do people doing TDD handle loss of work when doing major refactoring
How should standards and process improvements be introduced to an organization without them?
Indexing a database
What are graph datastores better at doing than other datastores and why?
Sending a collection of data to an API. Multiple small calls vs one big call
Should I use non-standard tags in a HTML page for highlighting words?
Retexturing a model via API on the web
Is validating HTML a thing of the past?
How can a child state machine relinquish control back to the parent state machine?
What is the difference between a software process model and software engineering methods (methodology)?
Programming judge with versus system
Product classifying algorithm - text classification - C# - algorithm suggestions
What data structure could I use for modeling a network of nodes and edges?
Is it a good practice to name the returned variable "result"?
Do threads use virtual memory or real memory?
Managing constants in application
Session size management
How do you name your GUI controls?
Which NoSQL repository is most suitable for a Twitter-type architecture?
Managing multiple versions of a web application using Git
Lexical Analysis without regular expressions
Has anyone thoroughly compared C# common coding standards?
Assembly in a research paper
Is using dynamically generated code as cache a good idea?
industry averages for time spent on maintenance
How can I communicate the risks of altering vendor software?
LINQ TO SQL or ADO.NET?
what does "domain" mean when referring to DDD
Understanding Loose / Tight Coupling in the "Real World"
How should I handle multi-tasking in a WPF application?
Mediator vs Observer?
Is it legal/ethical to post production code?
Feedback on this back-end stack
Implicit vs explicit interfaces
Where should I put functions that are not related to a class?
Are there open-source JavaScript libraries addressing multiple browser tabs and client state for newer browsers?
Why do variables need a type?
Might I run into any trouble if I plug into an existing service/application with my own application and charge for it?
Website with test data files for specific algorithms/data structures?
Are XML Schemas bad for constantly evolving file formats?
In what areas of programming is algorithm run time actually an important issue?
Moving from a CVCS to a DVCS in a big company, what is the right way to do it?
better way to learn programming with the intention of getting a job?
Are utility classes with nothing but static members an anti-pattern in C++?
What are the most known arbitrary precision arithmetic implementation approaches?
Ways to present testing results
Should I add MSDN notes or Stack Overflow links to source code?
Should the controller pass data to a view in the MVC pattern?
Assuming "clean code/architecture" is there a difference in "effort" between PHP or Java/J2EE web application development?
How to add personal android projects to my CV to get into Android job market
Which of the following data duplication options across shards is recommended?
Designing a scalable and robust retry mechanism
What is the ideal learning path to building Android apps with Scala, without prior Java experience
Is is preferable to design top down or bottom up?
Can anybody recomend a good SEO book?
What factors should I consider when choosing names for identifiers?
How can I get into C++ graphics library?
How to design classes in right way (sending messages)
In Scrum, should tasks such as development environment set-up and capability development be managed as subtasks within actual user stories?
Sharding with IoC
Which is the most permissive open-source license?
Can I advance my career in the USA if I lack local networking?
Is it important for a solution to be an efficient one?
Writing functional tests for a legacy project
How do large-scale applications handle GUI creation?
What is the best design pattern for asynchronous message passing in a Chrome extension?
How should I handle negative campaigns against my application?
Good open source projects to master Python concurrency
Java IDE written in pure Java?
What's the difference between simulation and emulation
Is it a good practice to use branches to maintain different editions of the same software?
Team Parallel development in ASP.NET
The term "interface" in C++
Program more professionally (planning, notation, ...)
Non-viral open source license but with clause for source disclosure?
What licence for a FOSS that would sell packages on Mac and Windows but give them away on Linux?
Which licenses are free for commercial use?
Is an 8 second (incremental) build time common?
In an MVC system, where should the database persistence code sit?
Why should I use JAX-RS REST instead of normal servlets?
Right design pattern to use StopWatch class
Collaboratively working with a WebDesigner - Best practices
any website monitoring library/modules to use in my website?
How can I design an application so that it works well with a database selected by the customer?
Available options for classifying words in text?
PHP Aspect Oriented Design
Versioning Within a Platform
What characteristics or features make code maintainable?
What is the difference between distributed and non-distributed version control?
How can I explain the difference between NULL and zero?
Ignoring unit tests - good and bad reasons when and why?
Is it a good habit to use C expressions in C++ code?
How to structure an application which reads UPC barcodes
Patterns for Maintaining Model State in Real Time
What should I learn more about debugging?
Should Sequence Diagrams be Specific or Abstract?
Software Licences Wizard
When are scripts inside HTML not considered a bad practice?
What can I do to help users create self-service reports?
Number of combinations
Should internal code be shared with non-developers in an organisation?
Getting attention for my open sourced project
Delegates and events
Removing the "integration test scam" - Understanding collaboration and contract tests
Is there a specific term for an accessor method that returns a boolean value?
How do I use PowerMock / Mockito / EasyMock to use a mocked object for dependency injection?
How can you effectively use web services in an enterprise environment if you can't use transactions?
How to store record statuses (like pending, complete, draft, cancelled...)
Separation of Concerns when adding new types
Should I avoid private methods if I perform TDD?
Using a column to store the company or a separate database?
Software testing for developer
Is it possible to use C++ with the .NET framework?
In which format should I sent the values in database in PHP?
Is there a way you'd implement a fast tree traversal method that would support dated versioning?
Documenting and enforcing programming standards and guidelines for shared library
Best way to handle class relationship
Rendezvous in Ada
Is it OK for me to suggest ready-made scripts to a programmer? If so, how can I do it without offending him/her?
Should I drop in on local businesses and offer my services as an intern to get experience?
Selective mutual exclusion in Dining Philosophers and Readers and Writers problem
How to provide a solid explanation that no two software should have same version number?
Query language for JSON
Shortcomings of using dynamic types in C#
The Joel Test's equivalent for measuring a programmer
Deployment Tools that Integrate with TFS?
Why did Google develop a cross-compiler from Java to JavaScript?
What is the difference between writing test cases for BDD and TDD?
Static Analysis tools to detect architectural patterns
How viable is it to switch stacks for setting up a startup
Using a try-finally (without catch) vs enum-state validation
Can Agile be accomplished without client involvement?
Best approach to selecting programming languages and 3D graphics API for simulating physics experiments
God Namespace just as bad as God Object?
Sanity of design for my in-memory object representations of database rows
How to match responses from a server with their corresponding requests?
Lines of Code vs. Optimal Language
When does it become mandatory to sign up with the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG)?
What's a generation in Software Development?
Is there a typical way of having a view that is a dependent on another?
Can a GPLv2 program rely on Apache-licensed libraries?
How to unit test Visual Basic 6 legacy code?
What precisely does "Applicative" mean in computer science?
What is the most effective way to add functionality to unfamiliar, structurally unsound code?
When is method overloading appropriate?
How should I add functionality to an object that already exists?
How should I implement a secure priority queue in C?
How to debug/change Java code while the program is running?
Extending Mono's C# compiler with additional custom features (more or less syntactic sugar)
Organizing MVC entities communication
How to create an Intelligent Agent
How extensive is the difference between building a WPF app and a Silverlight 5 app?
Where can I obtain the specification for Distributed Relational Database Architecture?
Opensource showcase for MVC in Java Swing
Does the use of debuggers have an effect on the efficiency of programmers?
If ASP.NET MVC 4 supports RPC style communication what does that mean for WCF?
How best do you represent a bi-directional sync in a REST api?
Should a view and a model communicate or not?
Learning Zend Framework 1 or 2?
Best practice/Patterns for two way data synchronisation
Which one of these implementations is more appropriate for my REST api?
What other patterns can I use for this singleton?
how to break up feature requests into work units
Using the decorator pattern in a deep class hierarchy
Best method of communication between your app and your website? PHP, Web service, etc
Parser combinator that looks like BNF
Taking an open source project to closed source
How can I organize fast and comfortable solution compilation in VS 2010?
Organizing single page code well with Notepad++
Rewriting a Procedural PHP App - Should we use a framework?
Is MySQL viable for small-medium business applications
In MVC, what is the difference between controller and router?
Is there a difference between the terms "Open Source" and "Open Source Software"?
Percent or Pixels HTML/CSS
Interface and Inheritance: Best of both worlds?
Generalized VS Specialized technical solution; what to take into account?
Is Spring + Hibernate prefered instead of EJB 3?
Program/library to match string patterns
php + web service
Why are several popular programming languages influenced by C?
GUI architecture and class naming advice
Need help with clarifying the design of an Android game
How to write Requirements for a specific module
Why is it evil to run selects from a prod server?
Is a JSON-based AJAX checkout safe?
Generic decorator implementation
Creating Compelling Desktop Application in .NET
Are High Level Design and Low Level Design documents needed to follow Agile development process?
Saving mobile application data when no service?
Is the architecture of my project a common one? What's its name?
Sprint planning and accommodating slack
Logistically, how do you manage embedded SQL?
Effective template system
Databinding to an Entity Framework in WPF
What are some best practices for report writing?
Do We Have a Responsiblity to Improve Old Code?
IRC Bot permission structure, best approach?
What is a software maintenance retainer contract?
Using PHP's ternary operator with only two arguments
Is there a canonical book on requirements gathering?
Is having C++ header files without extension a good practice?
Where can I locate business data to use in my application?
Recommendation for a database to query records with attributes that are arrays or hashes?
Why is it so difficult to make C less prone to buffer overflows?
Why is it so difficult to fix buffer overflows?
Is there a pattern that will help with this data structure
What are the best resources for learning about concurrency and multi-threaded applications?
How to answer "When will it be done?"
Getting and maintaining data from a large number of sources on the web
Separating data access in ASP.NET MVC
When business rules affect presentation in MVC
Does programming in general become easier to read, write and understand as you gain experience?
What is the advantage of implementing a composite design pattern?
Is there any proprietary PHP MVC framework?
Is specializing beneficial in IT industry?
Learning Asynchronous programming
Static functions vs classes
What is the proper way to write a setter?
Best example for mixins in .NET
GPL copying copyright notices
How DEP and ASLR play role in security?
How to implement smart card authentication with a .NET Fat client?
When to refactor
Calculate statistics for web application
What language is the CLR written in?
How do you create interest in your projects?
If Instance is for Class, what's for Template?
How can I unit test audio?
Does an iterator have a non-destructive implied contract?
Legal ramifications of use of the JavaScript trademark?
How to explain your non-programmer boss you need to refactor a whole site?
Why was dependency injection pattern not included in the Gang of four?
How easy it is to update Entity Model from database when enough code has already been written?
Adding conditional toggles into methods for running tests
Do CDNs (such as MSFT and Google) act on the referrer header sent by clients?
What is a good non-technical example of a cumulative error?
How do we call a concept when my acceptor loop is ran by some real application while all services are plugins for that application?
Simple explanation of the Unix sockets
When is it not appropriate to use the dependency injection pattern?
How can I sell my boss on Python+Django instead of PHP+a different framework?
In javascript and other languages which lack a compiler, is unit testing a good method to ensure correct syntax and variable naming?
How to improve programming environment for optimal productivity?
Trying to do some Obfuscation, How should I approach this particular case?
How can I quantify the amount of technical debt that exists in a project?
Does commentary style affect how readers understand code?
Would it be hard to screen form submissions (e.g., comments) for non-words/non-sentences?
Putting audit functionality into the database
How much experience on average should a Sr. developer have to be competent with a framework or library?
Do C library functions generally mimic the Intel assembly language style?
What are the advantages of separating 'result' from 'status'
Are there any statistics that show the popularity of Git versus SVN?
Is musical notation Turing-Complete?
Can someone who studied web easily switch to software
Package conventions for MVC app
How can I debug a memory leak in a service
Designing class methods: self contained or explicit calls?
Using Map in Java (or other strongly-typed languages) to work with unstructured data
Problem and Requirements Definition
(Why) Should I learn a new programming language?
Choosing right technology for messaging system
Should QA find reproducible scenarios?
What's the difference between junior, middle, and senior developers?
Going further with C for iOS development
How Would I Start With Prolog?
Should we use JavaScript and CGI variables to weed out bots from our visitor reports?
Use Theme/Skin or CSS in Asp.Net
Rails - to use STI or not...that is the question
How to Determine Frequency (In Hertz, Real Time) with Java Sound
Networkx / Python : Is using a class for a node better practice than defining multiple attributes?
What are ways of drafting a workflow document that maps elements in the design close to their counterparts in code?
Sprint Backlog Task Estimates - What Are the Hours Made Of?
Open Source Licenses
Is there an effective way to test XSL transforms/BizTalk maps?
Assigning development work effectively to enable parallel development
Do people use any tools to make Rich UI on Web Application?
Optimization as a branch: is that a thing?
Which is the purpose of using a workspace in Aptana?
What data structure should I use for this caching strategy?
What is the best technology for a TRULY portable REST client
How to lead a development project without technical expertise
Creating a line of business application with Visual Studio Isolated Shell
Enterprise scalable vs internet scalable, what is the meaning & differences?
What is pseudocode?
Why don't software libraries solve all our problems?
What's the difference between implementing an Interface explicitly or implicitly?
Windows OS design decisions
Component Diagram, what's next?
Determining if language/framework/technology is 'Future-proof'
Writing recursive functions
Is mootools alternative of jquery + backbone / spine / sprouteCore
Should a novice programmer learn several languages at once?
Creating Unit Tests on a CRUD layer of an Application, how can I make the tests independent?
A progressive plan from vb6 to .net, sound?
If I use multiple third party components, using several different open source licenses, how should I attribute them?
In integration testing, do you use the data access objects for setup and validation or a different data access method?
Use of a profiler tool to aid in the analysis of a brute force algorithm in Java
Coming up with tokens for a lexer
Our version of Agile isn't working. Tips?
Under which circumstances will development advance faster with many contributors compared to few?
Asynchronous Java
Why multiple calls to same classes' Constructor from within a Constructor wouldn't work?
What parts of Java do I need to learn for specific software projects?
Continuous Integration : which frequency?
Unit testing invalid inputs; ArgumentException vs. Custom Exception
Is CSS resizing of images still a bad idea?
Object orientated data structures in database driven applications
Re-inventing system design for Scala
Examples of operator overloading, which make sense
Use Case Structure
Web application to a multiplatform phone app
What is a reasonable number of threads for a Java program?
Is HTML5 more secure to develop for than Silverlight?
What has research shown about the effectiveness of comments?
What is the optimal minimum time to work on tasks for a single project?
What languages are used by professional mobile app designers?
Is it legal to release GPL version project into FreeBSD?
How do you handle minor change in source code causing discontinuity in version tree?
How do I refer to the smallest possible non-zero value?
Extensibility data model pattern
In Functional Programming, should domain-relevant simple functions (e.g., sorts) be reified?
Can commits be considered too small?
Designing access to file-based "database"
Proper terminology for a small set of tightly coupled classes?
Should developers enter bugs into the bug tracking system?
How do software engineers deploy applications?
How to go about bring up the topic of bad programming practices with colleague
Terminology - Cache (Javascript)
Maintaining Organization When Designing Software
Syntax for goto labels
How to get contributors assign copyright for copyright holder?
Do you need to meet personally to collaborate effectively?
OpenUp/Basic In Practice
Suitable vocabulary when helping novice programmers
How to deal with variables when extracting methods in to smaller methods?
How can a developer evaluate the effectiveness of his workflow?
Releasing patches and updates to web service users
Does the LGPL allow me to do this?
What web frameworks are capable of loading other web apps at runtime?
How to connect iPad app to an app I have running in Windows
Prepare source code handover plan
Is it a problem to have different styles of HTML coding within team?
Online Code Editor
Which statically typed languages support intersection types for function return values?
Why don't schools teach about bad code?
How does bit flipping / complementing work?
Flipping the desired bit of an integer number
Should I include multiply license header notice in dual license software?
How can I document someone else's past work?
Is this a proper implementation of an iOS MVC pattern?
Is it reasonable to run processes with CI tools?
What will generate an adjacency matrix file with a specified topology for me?
Raise a ticket to issue tracking from external web application
Password hashing and support to your user
What's the deal with code reviews?
Is there any scenario where it's useful to keep mutable properties cached in domain objects for anything else than informational purposes?
What is the difference between APIs, Libraries, Runtime systems, and frameworks?
Why can't an AVL tree be recreated using pre-order traversal?
Is it possible to check that MS word file is hand written or auto generated by using some converter?
Forcing aggregate root child access through the aggregate root alone
Checking if a method returns false: assign result to temporary variable, or put method invocation directly in conditional?
Why Use !boolean_variable Over boolean_variable == false
If competition is using 'lingua obscura' for development (why) should I be worried?
Places to store basic data
Shouldn't MVC be MCV?
Why doesn't Python need a compiler?
How would you architect an application which is largely a collection of flowcharts?
Easy To Use Collaborative Editing Software?
Grouping conceptual algorithms into one class or associate with their object models
What does mathematics have to do with programming?
Interpreted vs Compiled: A useful distinction?
Where is the best place to store code on a Mac?
Where to use C++ today?
Encapsulating a class within another class to hide its exposed properties and details
Business Objects within a Data Access Layer
Most common website scalability pitfalls
What are good strategies in C for dealing with pointer errors of this type?
Greenspun's Tenth Rule, does every large project include a Lisp interpreter?
migration and interoperability
Do gantt charts have a role in agile software development?
How to simplify my complex stateful classes and their testing?
Is this bad design for a Shape interface?
Programming *into* a language vs. writing C code in Ruby
How to name event types?
Getting involved on Github (how to find projects)
How important is maths depending on what your coding?
How do you integrate Testing into a Scrum process?
What's the difference between computer science and programming?
Coding Guideline : Methods shouldn't contain more than 7 statements?
python login form vulnerability?
Generating code documentation
Is it better to use assert or IllegalArgumentException for required method parameters?
Method to test/reproduce Heisenbug possibly relating to Multimedia Class Scheduler Service?
Is it possible to combine programming languages?
Why are Python strings allocated on the stack?
What Use Cases are Appropriate for JScript.NET?
Scrum: Handling lack of motivation
Github Organization Repositories, Issues, Multiple Developers, and Forking - Best Workflow Practices
How is the "Infinite Monkey Theorem" different to use than Genetic Programming to solve problems?
Developing a dynamic language
Why doesn't java use a radix sort on primitives?
Is it a good idea to generate code with the help of your IDE?
Is there a problem with writing an in-memory DAL for testing the BLL/ViewModels?
SSO between multiple Flex applications
Users creating instances from a template - is there a software pattern that corresponds to this use case?
Should I use title case in URLs?
Developer to team leader
What are the drawbacks of elastic tabstops?
Do I really need a unit test framework?
Triggering custom events in AJAX callbacks
How close have we gotten to automating code writing?
How to not take risks with new collaborators?
Convince a lone developer to use a separate build tool instead of the IDE one-click build
Term for Performance Issues Due to Looping
Is it possible to analyse the API surface of a set of class libraries to automatically determine inter-assembly dependencies?
How does one decide if a data object type should be designed to be immutable?
Is Object Oriented stuff really that important?
What do you do when you can't seem to understand a certain part of programming?
Is code pruning related to obfuscation?
What does this point about first normal form mean?
How to swap out a DB from MySQL to SQL Server in a multiple large projects?
Patterns for Versioning Relational Data in a MySQL database?
normal order evaluation -vs- applicative order evaluation
PHP to SharePoint roadmap
What is considered best practice for printing usage / help (--help)?
Technical interview and programmer ability
Simple questions about apache and cgi
Should I care about Junit redundancy when using setUp() with @Before annotation?
Should I require users to register to use my app?
Java or Python for Google App Engine not knowing either language?
Should I nest functions in languages that allow me to do that or should I rather avoid it?
Who extends interfaces? And why?
How can I justify my disclaimer of warranties license to a customer?
Change my way of thinking in preparation for functional programming
validating APIs
why do some job posts say "high pressure environment"?
Type mocking frameworks does not change coding practices from testability point?
I have a bad memory. Is dynamic typing language+vim appropriate for me?
Splitting 1 large object into 2 tightly-coupled ones - good, bad?
Problems of multiple threads sharing/accessing the same data
Can thesaurus items have more than one USE relation?
What should I do with production error logs?
Do we need "obvious" Method Documentation information?
should I throw exception from constructor?
Is continuous creation and deletion of tables a sign of an architectural flaw?
How does using #define for loop and condition bounds in C increase security?
Reflection and the LGPL
Add a unit test for each new bug
Should developers be expected to compile an internal library before the actual program?
Why does the stack grow downward?
PDF help in the software manual
Could you describe "GNU General Public License (GPLv2)" in "for Dummies" terms?
Implementing RSA into an Android Messaging App
Is it bad practice for a decorator to break the decoration chain?
Communications regarding maintainability of code
How useful is a project log or diary?
Why is subclassing too much bad (and hence why should we use prototypes to do away with it)?
Getting to the big leagues & managing time as a novice game developer?
Is there an easy way to map directory structure to a MongoDB schema?
Should I use Legitimate Email spoofing?
In scrum, how do you use "usability testing" in team?
A Class named Class?
What were the historical conditions that led to object oriented programming becoming a major programming paradigm?
The overlap between open source and closed source
Testing chainable method calls return type and value
Is Rule 9 of Object Calisthenics applicable in Objective C?
Software requirements analysis or requirements engineering?
Custom search engine
How to check or assess debugging skills of a person?
Algorithm for scheduling a set of real life tasks that are input by the user
Offshoring a Software Project -- Conflict Resolution
WCF Data Services (OData) Vs ASP.NET Web API? Hypermedia?
Processes: documenting changing spec
Why should I choose Java, Flash, or HTML5 for an online game with server communication
Jumping around to work on different features when you get stuck, is it a source of project failures?
How do I speed up XML parsing operation?
What should Competent Java programmer Be Able To Do?
Is it advisable to force your web server to parse HTML files for PHP code?
Would the concept of source code layers be of any use?
Flexible development environments for creating a common code base targeting tablets (iPad/Android) and x86 PCs
What's new in PL/I, DB2, and S/390 assembler?
Need advice for approach for a web-based app that loads excel worksheet but exposes only the charts
How are open source repositories managed for popular languages?
how to find out if spelling mistakes in source code are a serious issue or not?
Should a method do one thing and be good at it?
How does key-based caching work?
Should a one person team use a process model?
Exporting huge data into XLS in a web application
Making sure database connection information is secured
How to approach functional tests in segregated systems
Advice on caching/updating data in memory for silverlight client
if it's been designed correctly is AOP useful?
How can I move a team from C# ASP.NET development to PHP development using Drupal?
Functional Programming For Embedded Software
What is the relationship between the business logic layer and the data access layer?
Geo IP data on stackoverflow API?
Does Object Oriented Programming Really Model The Real World?
What is the name for the idiom using method chaining to build an object?
Where to define view-specific data objects in Rails
Throwing an Exception if a Query Doesn't Use an Index
Minimal linux distro for compiling arm binaries
IF ELSE shorthand. Does it hurt readability
Is Visual Source Safe (The latest Version) really that bad? Why? What's the Best Alternative? Why?
Subscribe/Publish Model in Web-based Application (c#) - Best Practices for Event Handlers
Adding scripting capability to a .NET application
Which commit to add issue/bug tracking ticket # to
Does the $100 Google Apps Marketplace Fee Apply To All My Developers or Just Me?
About shared (static) Members and its behavior
Question about state and domain objects
What would be the best way to learn about compilers, and executable formats?
What are the advantages to using SQL query builders?
What security is used by default in WSHttpBinding (service side) or the WCF Test client (client side)?
How to ensure a single coding standard in .NET with tool support
Are service locators really that bad?
Best practice for combining a Java Applet/ Android interface?
Getting a logo and graphics for an open source project
Should a standard include header be specified in each file or as a compiler parameter?
Can Javascript code be encrypted making it hard for someone to copy?
Why do Java's Iterator and ListIterator point between elements?
Learning system instead of using sed/replace for reviewing test results
What are my choices for server side sandboxed scripting?
What makes a language more suited to Artificial Intelligence?
JavaScript Multi Threading
Tips/tricks to manage a new team with new code
Python is slowly replacing C in universities. Does this move degrade the quality of CS students?
Unit testing - Database coupled app
API method placement guidelines?
Are RIA plugins a thing of the past?
What kind of copyright laws should I be aware of when creating software?
How can I make sure that people changes his IP or not
Built in Scala library slow?
Methods of ordering function definitions in code
HTML5/Javascript + Web Services
Why does Java define homogeneous methods in Matcher and Pattern classes
What are effective ways to introduce the concept of code kata into the workplace?
Is it a good practice to use Auto Format the text?
MFC and WPF similarities
How can I demonstrate my productivity to management?
How can I test a parser for a bespoke XML schema?
What is the differences between committing and patching?
Should I use the Date type in JAX-RS @PathParam?
Base classes as factories?
How to Mentor a Junior Developer
What is a good alternative to the name variable for a language that only has immutable references or labels?
Path forward into making Python web applications
Are there cases where it is a good idea to disallow remote access to a database?
Good resources for advanced C++ topics?
What is a recommended pattern for REST endpoints planning for foresighted changes
Drawbacks of code kata
How to measure external quality of software
What are the main bottlenecks to know about Java portability?
What are the restrictions on derived works of EPL licensed software?
Is JavaScript interpreted by design?
Senior Engineers: Go Back to Coding?
Syntax tree dump format
Is it a bad practice to use inline styling with generated code?
How long can I store the subscribe personal information?
Pros/cons between emphasizing client-side or server-side processing
Agile software development: How do you react *financially* to changing user requirements?
Is security a real argument for centralized version control?
Strategy for maintaining assembly references in TFS
Rails - How to use modal form to add object in one model, then reflect that change on main page?
What's the best/most efficent way to create a semi-intelligent AI for a tic tac toe game?
What technology is needed to create a live video streaming service?
Approach for housekeeping production data
Standard way to generate HTML prototypes?
Is there a certain number of lines of code to be followed /maintain?
Do Databases Optimize Queries with Sum/Average or Other Aggregates?
Calculate Ellipse based on 4 points
Does Service-Oriented Architecture require the robustness principle?
Is there a drawback in defining multiple small DRY classes, instead of bigger more repetitive classes?
Why is Python used for high-performance/scientific computing (but Ruby isn't)?
What maths should I learn to become a better computer scientist?
How to develop line-of-business tablet apps as a .NET developer?
Help needed with class design and structure
Main class passes dbConn obj to all its services, I need to change the dbConn for one of its services. - suggestion for design pattern
Which applications have driven the mass spread of floating point units?
API access question
DCVS and Bug Database
Data structure to use for complex lookups in an event engine?
Display dynamic content from embedded web server
How important is it to pick the best IDE for your programming language of choice?
Why is C++ still "hybrid"
Is it considered best practice to dynamically bind return types from the Entity context?
What are proven advantages of tools like GWT over pure JavaScript frameworks?
Software development project inception phase
Converting ANTLR AST to Java bytecode using ASM
Modularity vs Single class simplicity
Cron'ing PHP scripts that write to other files.
In order traversal of M way Trees
choosing a functional language platform for a new project
What are the monetary benefits of going agile?
Are time restrictions on technical tests a good thing?
How many user stories per person should be completed per sprint?
How to determine the priority and severity of a "code improvement"?
Which spoken languages should I try to support in my android application?
When checking for transposed day and month values between two Dates - should comparing 11/11/2000 and 11/11/2000 return true or false?
Library/Framework usage guidelines
Communicating from lower level components to GUI?
Should we check in Setup Project of Visual Studio
Why is it suggested stories be sized to 2-3 days?
Is it a bad practice to use GUI designer tools with code generation for application programming in Java/C++?
How to rewrite a TCP MMOG server designed to run in a single machine, in a distributed way?
How would you represent an object that can be of multiple types, when storing it as a document in MongoDB?
Low Level vs High Level Development
What is the purpose of whitelisting in Phonegap? Is there a way around it?
Bugs that can be avoided with coding standards
Eclipse runs my java program 6 times faster... Can I achieve this performance without using it?
Communicating details of method result?
Using php functions, reserved words as local identifiers
What Are Some Advantages/Disadvantages of Using C over Assembly?
How do you evolve & version an interface?
Asserting in public methods
what is sharding in MongoDB
How to map TFS to two local directories
SCRUM from scratch, with no base framework established?
How to Console.WriteLine from [TestMethod]?
Pattern for group of entities with one required primary member
Options within OpenCV related to image difference analysis and reporting
Do I need to test everything?
How should I setup a UI for editing a binary tree?
Evolutionary behavioural programming resources
what's the most efficient emacs workflow for compilation and interactive execution cycles (C++/makefile)
Is the Waterfall software development methodology still viable?
How to organize a framework based project in Git
How is software for machines such as ATMs or TVs built?
Is Multithreading Appropriate for Setting up Multiple Windows in the Same Application?
Protecting proprietary code linking with LGPL v3 code
Scrum for specialists teams
Simple & short license notice for proprietary code
Are there established practices on versioning of a shared web service?
Dictionary vs List
Isn't open source bad for developers themselves?
Why no more macro languages?
What's the best practice for async APIs that return futures on Scala?
Did I Inadvertently Create a Mediator in my MVC?
Is MongoDB the right choice in my case?
Interception vs Injection: a framework architecture decision
What are the most important OO skills to show off in the job hunt?
How to handle encryption key conflicts when synchronizing data?
How can I advocate a semi-strict release schedule in a risk-averse environment?
How does the MongoDb licence define "commercial" and "non-commercial" use?
Do all functional languages use garbage collection?
JavaScript client for talking with WCF server with WebSockets binding
hosting website from home
The false element in a Logical operation
What quality level in the commit history can/should I expect/enforce?
Computers that operate exclusively on boolean algebra
Check First vs Exception Handling?
Caching Business Objects in MVC application
Is switching from a CVCS to a DVCS a considerable bandwidth save?
Web development: no local server workflow
How I can hide dependencies from my Services?
How does image editing software change image contrast?
Ternary operator (condition ? foo : bar) and the XOR (^) operator
About Open source program license
Storing translation data as JSON column
Browser parsers vs Stand-alone parsers
people fork my project but don't fetch from upstream - what can I do?
What parts of Code Complete haven't stood the test of time?
Establish/meet deadlines when I am constantly working with unfamiliar platforms and frameworks
Abstract base classes and copy construction, rules of thumb
How to set up a one-man research in the difference between BDD and Waterfall?
Training a company to use a DVCS coming from a CVCS mindset, is it as hard as one would think?
what is the difference between Soak testing and Stress testing?
Are there any free tools to measure web project's performance, security and other standards?
Is the 'Law of Demeter' applicable to public/API method signatures?
Should I be bothered if my LOC/day ratio is too high?
When not to use ORM and prefer stored procedures?
How do I review my own code?
How do I keep an eye on a remote freelancer?
How to avoid halting of the JVM due to a deadlock in java?
Why should we preferably use first class collections?
Referencing external javascript vs. hosting my own copy
Current iOS version/device statistics?
In hindsight, is basing XAML on XML a mistake or a good approach?
Which license would I use for my library code?
What to look for in an outsourced partner
Please explain the benefit(s) of using an XML-based syntax (e.g. XAML) instead of normal source code (e.g. WinForms)?
Automated out going ACH transfers
Reference public exposed property or private field in other parts of a class
Changing from VB.NET to C#?
Models per database table?
Is obscuring/obfuscating public-facing database ids really a "best practice"?
Ensure data entered by users adjusts to what actually is
What code smell best describes this code?
Why are statements in many programming languages terminated by semicolons?
How to get JMS to front end
Where is the application of Calculus (of continuous quantities) in Computer Science or programming
Modelling project structure for Management
Software bundle containing LGPL libraries as Java Fat-Jar Archive
Can the JSF 2.0.0 code be converted to JavaScript/HTML5?
Tooling and support for message format specifications
Javascript naming conventions
How to minimize typos when you code?
Should we do entity-relationship modeling or object-oriented modeling first?
Becoming a Better Bug-Fixer
Which style to use for unused return parameters in a Python function call
Converting mysql and SQLServer tables quickly in an update utility
Is there evidence that developers working remotely are less productive then when they work onsite?
Giving variables default values vs. treating accessing an undefined variable as an error
Google Analytics with multiple environments
What did Ruby do right (or was it Rails)?
Looking for a better Factory pattern (Java)
How to deal with frequent requirements changes?
Why is the Flyweight Pattern practical?
Is it a good idea to write requirements specifications by stories?
How is CoffeeScript influenced by Haskell?
REST - Tradeoffs between content negotiation via Accept header versus extensions
Confusion about dual license (MIT/GPL) javascript for use on my website
Programming IDEs feature to add a forgotten open parentheses?
is it programmer's duty to disable directory listing?
How to write functionally in a web framework
How to deal with bad code?
CQRS and cache invalidation (while load balancing)
What standards to use in Business Process Modelling?
Getting started with ClojureScript and Google Closure
Right Amount of Security on Machine
Is performance testing applicable to a QA or business user testing?
Web Development Algorithms
Could JQuery and similar tools be built into the browser install?
What is meant by a primitive data type?
What's the best way to modularize a User schema so it's generic
Is there a performance benefit to using immutable objects in a scripting language?
Login into application at startup
RDF and OWL: Have these delivered the promises of the Semantic Web?
How to keep user's guide in lockstep with branches for a non-developer?
PHP common uses for the Command Line
What's the difference between using RDFS/OWL versus XML?
Resources for learning common algorithms by Lisp
What are benefit/drawbacks of classifying defects during a peer code review
design for supporting entities with images
What is best practice for log level in PHP?
Are there any negative side effects of splitting up large modules?
Efficient methods for storing tens of millions of objects for querying, with a high number of inserts per second?
Subscript binding and array categories
What's the role of a Project Manager in Scrum?
Should I log trivial fixes?
What can I do to make sure my code gets maintained in a developer light environment?
SOLID vs. static methods
The reason to make some code open source
Are operators clearer to read than keywords or functions?
Derived Classes and namespaces
JSF for an internet facing, high traffic web application
Why is Twitto not secure?
How is software installed from an image?
How do I dive deep into code that does not have a single entry point?
Is it possible (or desirable, if not) to make an database engine organize the order of sql statements to maintain the referential integrity?
Software markets for solo developer
Do you have regularly schedule app updates? And if so how do you handle bugs that make it out?
Why choose an established CMS as opposed to building one from scratch?
Migrating from Python to Scala wise when a lot of work is already done in Python?
Agile development : How to design your code for an iteration / Sprint?
How to structure process description documentation?
Is it a good idea to do UI 100% in Javascript and provide data through an API?
Alternate approaches to creating custom forms in a web application
PHP and performance
Algorithm for perfect non-binary graph layout
Is it proper to have Investigation task in sprint
How should code "Goal Tending" be handled by a Development Manager?
As a Europe-based company, is it possible to write a custom iPad application for a customer?
What are the pros and cons of implementing this requirement in different layers?
Can NoSQL databases be used in e-commerce companies for order management?
Best Practice of making a Composite Control with a repeater activity
Code ownership: What should I do when a dev leaves or team splits?
How to cure the "can not deliver"/ "cannot deliver on time syndrome"
How to break the "php is a bad language" paradigm?
Are there any ways to track for the visitor of my site , which site visitor come from?
Is unit testing or test-driven development worthwhile?
Suggestions to manage semi-structured email bounces?
Imitating Exchange Server's "RBAC AuthZ" in my own application... (is there something similar?)
How frequent should the Token Updation in CSRF security be?
Should there be more scientific study of the effectiveness of various hyped-up ideas in software development?
The application I wrote is listed as malware. How to fix it?
What benefits does embedding resources into the source/binary provide?
Common practice in handling bounce message
How much extra time is needed to add unit test in a development task?
Any Code Review tool with direct connection to CVS?
How are RDF and RDFS related?
How to prove a Dynamic programming strategy will work for an algorithm?
Need to test .properties one by one in every possibility?
Purpose of the csx folder in Azure projects?
Ubuntu, OpenSuse, the world of linux for a web-developer
Is a company order to switch to a certain IDE a red flag?
To program in free time as a programmer, is to show that programming is passion. If not, is the programmer good?
Protecting your interests as a freelance web designer
How much time do you spend actually developing vs. infrastructure activites?
What is the difference from the push and pull development models?
Flowchart for solving programming problems
What is the difference between building and compiling ?
Is it OK to repeat code for unit tests?
Where do I start in regards to making a Gnome/Unity Form Application
Is having a single `IndexWriter` instance in Lucene a good idea?
How is a software backdoor implemented?
Higher coding standards for dynamic languages?
Has Javascript developed beyond what it was originally designed to do?
Should devs, testers and business users have one unified test script?
Which one is a better practice a static factory method of the same class or a separate factory class with methods?
Odd company release cycle: Go Distributed Source Control?
Advantages of using business logic in model
What techniques help retain programming knowledge?
Is it better to build HTML Code string on the server or on the client side?
Is there any evidence that graphic interfaces tend to mess with SVN- and Git-repositories?
Inheritance versus Composition in a business application
What is the best approach for database design with lots of columns?
Extra class for writing data to some backend?
Input to program without command-line arguments
Should I create my own Assert class based on these reasons?
Is it a waste of time to free resources before I exit a process?
Can you/should you develop components for ASP.NET MVC?
How often are comments used in XML documents?
What is the name of this tree?
Criteria for a language to be considered "object oriented"
How do I improve my ability to manipulate code quickly, not wpm?
What makes an application memory bandwidth bound?
Why use string.Empty over "" when assigning to a string object
Storing images in file system and returning URLs  or virtually resizing and returning byte arrays?
How do you track existing requirements over time?
How can I work efficiently on a desktop sharing workflow?
Should one use a separate database for application data and user data?
Long term plan of attack to learn math?
What are some ways to reliably test for browser support for HTML5 features such as Geolocation?
x86 segmentation and threading
How to make hardware sizing sheet?
New Job Over Budget
DDD and validation of aggregate root
what is message passing in OO?
I have a stacktrace and limit of 250 characters for a bug report
Good resources for language design
Steps to Learn a Programming Language / Framework
Software solution from the 2000's, should I attempt to patch or remake the whole thing?
How can I refactor a code base while others rapidly commit to it?
when to introduce an application services tier in an n-tier application
Automating release management and CI on python projects under mercurial VCS
Understanding Data Binding for Windows Phone 7
Data structures in functional programming
Storing data offline with javascript
Why is there no facility to overload static properties in PHP?
How to camel-case where consecutive words have numbers?
What does it mean to say an algorithm is Sound and Complete?
How to setup users for desktop app with SQL Azure as backend?
Are there any concrete examples of where a paralellizing compiler would provide a value-adding benefit?
is there a formal algebra method to analyze programs?
How do I handle priority and propagation in an event system?
Any language where every class instance is a class too?
Google-Gson Converting JSon to CSV
Where should you store variables for a search program in java?
Promoting ecology and/or sustainability as a programmer
MySQL with mutiple threads and processes
Does MVC apply only to web
Copyrights concerning code snippets and larger amounts of code
How should I evaluate new browser languages?
Do ORMs enable the creation of rich domain models?
Should I use a unit testing framework to validate XML documents?
Why was Java chosen for Android?
Is this kind of Design by Contract useless?
Certifications for Javascript developers?
Why hill climbing is called anytime algorithm?
How to store a list of Objects that might change in future?
Options for Opensource license?
Implementing a ILogger interface to log data
PHP, when to use iterators, how to buffer results?
How do I capture information from a website that doesn't provide an API?
Best solution for getting referral information in PHP
Why was Tanenbaum wrong in the Tanenbaum-Torvalds debates?
test for graduate software developer role?
How to introduce a computer illiterate 50-year old to programming
Sample code under MS-PL: must leave original comments?
Is it a good approach to rely on 3rd party software ( not library )?
how should I design Objects around this business requirement?
Is dependency injection essential for unit testing?
Application layer vs domain layer?
How would you know if you've written readable and easily maintainable code?
UI patterns in functional languages
Should cookies be used in a RESTful API?
how to choose a web framework and javascript library?
Why can't I implement an interface which has a bounded generic type in this code in java?
Best Practices To Build a Product Registration System?
What are the benefits of closing every if-statement with an else in Python?
How many indexes is too many indexes?
What do you use macros in your editor for?
How to minimize the data loss when laying off a programmer?
How should I describe the process of learning someone else's code? (In an invoicing situation.)
Simple C: How do I scan this information in properly?
Do you sign contracts digitally or still on paper? And what do clients think?
Why does ARM processors dominate Mobile platforms while x86 dominates Desktop/Server platforms
Best approach for a database of long strings
Hidden web standards behind Google "custom searchEngines"?
What is meant by Scope of a variable?
Dealing with the customer / developer culture mismatch on an agile project
what is best book to learn optimized programming in java
Static class vs Singleton class in C#
Do I have to write a lot of boilerplate code if I keep working using Java?
What is meant by elaboration of a declaration statement?
How to test code and functionality effectively while working as a freelancer?
How are Implicit-Heap dynamic Storage Binding and Dynamic type binding similar?
Why is verbosity bad for a programming language?
Data base structure of a subscriber list
Teacher demands excessive/unjustified use of Design Patterns
What are some good tips for a developer trying to design a scalable MySQL database?
Call constructor using an arguments object in javascript?
Should Business Interfaces be part of the Model layer?
How do I balance program CPU reverse compatibility whist still being able to use cutting edge features?
Is it worth it to switch from home-grown remote command interface to using JMX
What conventions or frameworks exist for MVVM in Perl?
What's shell script's advantage over interpreted programming languages?
javascript - would you consider 'prototype' to be the same as 'parent'
Do you think we will ever settle on a "standard" platform?
Functions that only call other functions. Is this a good practice?
Multi-tenancy - single database vs multiple database
Thoughts on web development architecture through integrating C++ in the future to a web application
If I use locks, can my algorithm still be lock-free?
Rails Book Suggestions
Data Structures usage and motivational aspects
How to speak to a computer
Are developers expected to have skills of business analysts?
Use `using` in C++ or avoid it?
Examples of continuous integration workflow using git
What makes C so popular in the age of OOP?
User input and automated input separation
Continuous integration (with iOS and Android projects)
Mulitple processes aware of each other
What was the first programming language written for computers?
How to build a web service to detect content change(s) at an external website?
Strategy for restoring state via URL in web apps
Why is a small fixed vocabulary seen as an advantage to RESTful services?
Creating a shared library that might be used with desktop applications and web projects
Is this common amongst many languages?
How does a web browser save passwords?
Improving performance for web scraping code
RESTFul: state changing actions
What is enterprise software, exactly?
Better word for Optional Requirements?
Too much to learn, dealing with overwhelming varieties of technologies
Secure Open Source?
Need some critique on .NET/WCF SOA architecture plan
Is it better to learn the DOM or jQuery first?
Visually and audibly unambiguous subset of the Latin alphabet?
What are some potential pitfalls to using URL rewriting with SSL?
Is it better to use a Database or a data structure for network stack?
What arguments can I use to "sell" the BDD concept to a team reluctant to adopt it?
Algorithm for determining grid based on variably sized "blocks"?
Will javascript be in the HTML5 standard 
What is the difference between Static code analysis and code review?
What is a microframework?
Which way is practical for improving your skills with pet project?
Does SRP with ORM provoke SOA?
Resources for creating a turn-by-turn navigation system
Is there any algorithm book that teaches like Head First series?
if/else statements or exceptions
How to work on my personal ideas during the weekend?
Optimal Database design regarding functionality of letting user share posts by other users
Is Ruby on Rails' Active Record an example of Aspect-Oriented Programming?
Why to keep wrapping closure in each js-file if it can be added after concatenating?
Ruby Shoes for non-trivial apps
Backbone.js, Rails and code duplication
Non-Profit Technology for Non-Profits?
C is written in C, how is this possible?
What is the simplest human readable configuration file format?
Should main method be only consists of object creations and method calls?
why are transaction monitors on decline? or are they?
Importing an existing project into Git
iOS build machine setup: problem with certificates
Using "prevent execution of method" flags
What is an effective way to organize tasks for a new project?
Are there design patterns or generalised approaches for particle simulations?
functional requirements - use wording based on verbs?
confusion understanding the fluid 2 column navigation layout
Good books or tutorials on building projects without an IDE?
How to improve designer and developer work flow?
Java web app, with plugin framework and ability to connect to source for updates
Some Insight on the Field of Knowledge Representations and Reasoning
Which programming language for text editing?
Single-developer GIT workflow (moving from straightforward FTP)
Version control and personal configuration file
SQL DB design to support user feeds (in application like facebook)
Optimal communication pattern to update subscribers
Declaring return variables in c# methods vs returning the value directly
How to draw an E-R diagram?
What is history and concept of code annotation?
How important is index size when searching?
C++ and function pointers assessment: lack of inspiration
Store HighRes photos in Database or as File?
Actor based concurrency and cancellation
Is application-specific data required for good unit testing?
What are some best practices for minimizing code?
Dual-licensing LGPL 2.1 and LGPL 3
Are there any actual case studies on rewrites of software success/failure rates?
Any valid reason to Nest Master Pages in ASP.Net rather than Inherit?
Is there a difference in usage between halting and terminating?
Handling "related" work within a single agile work item
Why do "Joke" programming languages exist?
What is required for a scope in an injection framework?
Is the 'C' in MVC really necessary?
How can a single developer make use of Agile Methods?
Low level Linux graphics
Build tools for php, html, css, js web app development
How is a Java reference different from a C pointer?
C++ Multithreading on Unix
What is the actual purpose of MVC?
How does using a LGPL gem affect my MIT licensed application?
Design patterns - do you use them?
What is classic object oriented programming?
What difference with Android when iOS is not open?
Should I be concerned that I can't program very fast without Google?
False friends? Keyword "static" in C compared to C++, C# and Java
Scaling Scrum within a group of 100s of programmers
When is a requirement considered complete?
How much should I pay to Microsoft when I am selling a desktop & Web base software built on VB.NET using MS SQL 2005 Express Edition?
Facing quality issues
Bug reopen vs. new
Why does IIS default to Recycling the Application Pool every 1740 minutes?
Is programmatically clearing the browser's history an accepted best practice?
Designing a large database with multiple sources
"Invalid operation" status code in a HATEOAS REST API
How to refactor a Python “god class”?
What to do when tackling an unfamiliar Code base?
How do you achieve a numeric versioning scheme with Git?
Practical considerations for HTML / CSS naming conventions (syntax)
Security in a private web service
When should JavaScript generate HTML?
How can a computer render a CLI/console along with a GUI?
Using an AGPL 3.0-licensed library for extra functionality in an iOS app
Differences between software testing processes and techniques?
Storage of value types and reference types in .net
Thick models Vs. Business Logic, Where do you draw the distinction?
Who uses GnuSTEP?
Design in "mixed" languages: object oriented design or functional programming?
DI/IoC in Java for a .NET'er used to Castle.Windsor
How to deal with tautology in comments?
Creating database connections - Do it once or for each query?
Using macro as an abstraction layer
creative & complex vs simple and readable
How to deal with transactions when creating a database connection for each query
Why the recent shift to removing/omitting semicolons from Javascript?
Why rails use yaml to config database instead of plain ruby code?
What is a non commital approach to software analysis
How do I prevent useless content load on the page in responsive design?
Model View Presenter for WebForms and Winforms
How to measure team productivity in Agile project environment?
Project life cycle management - Maven vs 'manual' approach
What's the best way to comment in a code review?
Syntax logic suggestions
How to build a good service layer in ASP.NET?
Can we set up svn server on a local computer without any network access?
git, maven and jenkins - versioning, dev and release builds workflow
while(true) and loop-breaking - anti-pattern?
What is the "Find-Fix-Verify" pattern?
Why do computer architecture textbooks prefer MIPS architecture?
Introducing functional programming constructs in non-functional programming languages
How is JavaScript insecure, and what are the main methods used to deal with that?
Tineye.com search algorithm?
Which of these looks cleaner?
Why would a programmer want to separate implementation from interface?
myeclipse: can I customize templates like sysout in jsp
I Want To Program!
Proper way to measure the scalability of web Application
CodeIgniter routing helping
If I were to start doing a GUI how do I decide on what platform to use?
Publish/Subscribe/Request for exchange of big, complex, and confidential data?
What is a generic term for name/identifier? (as opposed to label)
choosing Database and Its Design for Rails
Do I have to remove my app from app store? (Copyright infringement)
Java API Deprecations
What is the best approach for Single Sign On Application Development that is lightweight?
Is it better to spend resources on a skilled team or good process practice?
How to detect if an app was already installed before
Why could citing bug IDs in patch notes be considered a bad practice?
Are nullable types preferable to magic numbers?
How does one become a big contributor to an opensource project?
How does one write a book on a new framework?
Are there code reviews in opensource projects? If so, what tools are used to do this?
Support multiple frameworks in a JavaScript library
JavaScript Phone Screen
Duck checker in Python: does one exist?
Request / Reply , how should one initiate the actual sending of the transmission?
What did they call Object-Oriented Programming before Alan Kay invented the term?
What kinds of low level knowledge matter?
Where does Objective-C fall in the language performance continuum?
How easy is it to alter a browser fingerprint?
Polymorphism and passing
Using functions as statements on Python
To reorganize code, what to choose between library and service?
How and what should I be (unit) testing for in this method?
Is there a more efficient way to filter large arrays than preg_match()?
URL Encryption vs. Encoding
Usage of repository between EF model and code consumer
What are known approaches to graphing algebraic expressions?
Forking an open source project: should one create a new changelog file? Should restart version number?
Rails and Mongoid best way to implement sharing system
I'm going to quit my job because of our platform: how can I leave a productive explanation of this?
DAO/Webservice Consumption in Web Application
Advice on whether to use scripting, run time compile or something else
Tool to identify potential reviewers for a proposed change
Is there a language between C and C++?
Why Aren't There New Versions of C?
Storing data for use on Android and Windows Applications
Does your programming knowledge decrease if you don't practice?
Any Practical Alternative to the Signals + Slots model for GUI Programming?
How does const storage work? (Item 2, Scott Myers Effective C++)
Why not write all tests at once when doing TDD?
Time Tracking - Best method?
How to "translate" interdependent object states in code?
Must developers understand the business domain or should the specification be sufficient?
Best practices in versioning
Where should SQL/DB Queries be encapsulated in a software system?
Benchmarking CPU processing power
Continuous integration - build Debug and Release every time?
Synchronize Azure SQL (cloud) with Azure SQL Emulator (local)?
When Agile goes wrong
Is there a case study that convincingly demonstrates that clean code improved development?
Does not documenting code result in job security?
What are approaches for analyzing the cost-benefits of a development methodology?
What class structure allows for a base class and mix/match of subclasses? (Similar to Users w/ roles)
Reasons to Use Version Control
Shared memory multiprocesses
Queue in facebook games [looking for opponent and such]
Refactoring While Programming
How to remember the details (Core APIs) of one computer language?
Why is C++ backward compatibility important / necessary?
Letting go of a project
Finding right bug tracker web application
Command-Query-Separation and multithreading safe interfaces
How to decide whether to implement an operation as Entity operation vs Service operation in Domain Driven Design?
Drawback of implementing DDD service as static class?
Do I have to deliver my utility and helper code to clients?
what is Docking Framework
Bug once in a while, but high priority
Alternatives to using  cookies?
How to represent a Rubik's Cube in a data structure
In Search of Automatic ORM with REST interface
Should injecting dependencies be done in the ctor or per method?
Introducing Agile development after traditional project inception
What is the abstract name for Drive, Directory and file?
Approached to build app centered around new API and suddenly API is abandoned
Deprecated Methods in Code Base
How to remove the boundary effects arising due to zero padding in scipy/numpy fft?
Making money from a custom built interpreter?
Achieving forward compatibility with C++11
Interfaces: profit of using
Is there a term for quasi-open source proprietary software?
Writing low latency Java
Which is a better design pattern for a database wrapper: Save as you go or Save when you're done?
Can the overuse of custom taglibs disrupt the outsourcing of html designers?
What software development model has worked best for software teams with heavy dependancy on hardware teams?
Terms for different types of development
Why do HDFS clusters have only a single NameNode?
Submitting software to a competition, it becomes their property?
Why Is it better to use unreadable bytes for client server communication?
Difference between Javabean and Java Beans
Should I use a separate class per test?
What is a good way to comment if-else-clauses?
Strategy for backwards compatibility of persistent storage
Validating allowed characters or validating disallowed characters
Is there any practical trick to remember the difference between big-endian and little-endian?
How to change documentation expectations from "risk management" to a "project risk"
Basic design of a data access layer using the DataMapper pattern
How can I manage changes between a local config file and a remote config file in a mobile application?
Does it make sense to write build scripts in C++?
Turning your code inside out (functional style) compared to a OO paradigm
Is there a sequence to read through the Android developer site for a user new to Android?
How do I share common classes between windows forms and web applications using C#?
An XML file or Database?
How do graphics programmers deal with rendering vertices that don't change the image?
Best way to handle product and supplier relationship
best way to handle a many to many relationship?
Shelving code in Team Foundation Server (TFS)
Implementing Command Pattern in Web Application
Is there a resource that explains the benefits of layered programming?
Whats the difference between a Ledger and a list of transactions?
Why is CS never a topic of conversation of the layman?
What is the proper jargon to refer to a variable wrapped inside a function closure?
CI tests to enforce specific development rules - good practice?
As a tooling/automation developer, can I be making better use of OOP?
Books or guides regarding secure key storage and database encryption
What to answer to a customer who asks which one of two equivalent technologies must be used?
Separating model from UI
Is it safe to install TortoiseSVN on production servers?
What's a good algorithm for a random, uneven distribution of a fixed amount of a resource?
How should I log time spent on multiple tasks?
Why would you use data structures (ie Binary Trees, Linked Lists) in your jobs/side projects?
Intel mnemonic to machine code converter library
Inexpensive generation of hierarchical unique IDs
Function parameter names
Android Development: MVC vs MVVM
Why is my class worse than the hierarchy of classes in the book (beginner OOP)?
How to recover from finite-state-machine breakdown?
What is this algorithm for converting strings into numbers called?
Where should a programmer explain the extended logic behind the code?
Essential management tools for a small/medium software development shop
How do you maintain focus when a particular aspect of programming takes 10+ seconds to complete?
Actor library / framework for C++
Which open source PHP project has the 'perfect' OOP design I can learn from?
Why do you have to manually type variable names while debugging?
I can't program because the code I am using uses old coding styles. Is this normal to programmers?
What advantages are conferred by using server-side page rendering?
Do any database "styles" use discrete files for their tables?
Justification for learning/implementing newer Microsoft technologies
Reflection: Is using reflection still "bad" or "slow"? What has changed with reflection since 2002?
GPL vs plugin interfaces not designed with a specific application in mind
What is Script Binding, and How is it done?
Is it more advantageous to write a program to test your code (ie a client) or just use the main portion of your program?
How are you using CFThread in ColdFusion Applications?
How were some language communities (eg, Ruby and Python) able to prevent fragmentation while others (eg, Lisp or ML) were not?
"Integratable" but not "integrated" GPL
Strategies for avoiding SQL in your Controllers... or how many methods should I have in my Models?
Using Domain name in EULA of a software rather than my name in the Licensor field
Using Clojure instead of Python for scalability (multi-core) reasons, good idea?
Resources on concepts/theory behind GUI development?
Attending my first software conference - any tips before I go?
Visual Basic link to SQL output to Word
Weaknesses of 3-Strike Security
Trying to wrap my head around class structure for domain-specific language
What's the term describing this system for generating user interfaces?
Is re-defing idiomatic in clojure?
Starting an HTML canvas game with no graphics skills
Developing assistance tools for games, is it legal against the game creator?
Clojure: vars, atoms, and refs (oh my)
What are some of the major differences in process management between CGI and newer (better) technologies?
C++ equivalent to the Sun Java Language Specification and JVM Specification?
How do I start correctly in building database classes in c#?
best practice for initializing class members in php
Recommended reading for (Object Oriented) application design architecture?
XML: Multiple roots + text content outside the root. Does anyone do it?
How to generate "language-safe" UUIDs?
Differences between symfony 2 and 1?
Java - multirow array
Standard way of allowing general XML data
Rpc transferring data or Replication
What are the disadvantages of naming things alphabetically?
Best way of Javascript web development in Netbeans (Hot deployment)
Coding a web browser on Windows using a layout engine?
Is database based chat room bad idea?
Web application deployment and Dependencies
What precautions should be taken when joining a software company?
How should I group these variables?
OOP - Composition, Components and Composites Example?
What does "automating a use case" mean and  what are the tools to do it?
Any basic difference between Unix and Linux in design and other aspects?
Manual memory allocation and purity
Localization in php, best practice or approach?
Low coupling processing big quantities of data
Group method parameter or individual parameter?
On improving commit practices
Conceptual question regarding the portability of a software from desktop to mobile
What are the best practices for phasing out obsolete code?
What are deferred callbacks?
New website - best practice for requirements specs?
Should I add old code into my repository?
How to set-up a simple subversion workflow
Checking preconditions or not
What was the most used programming language before C was created?
How important is it for a programmer to have an online presence?
How to deal with social login
MIT app executing a GPL command
Why is a database represented as a cylinder in architecture drawings?
is jargon related to a frameWork (concept)
Is there a language that transpiles to C, with better syntax?
Readability of || statements
Catching an error?
Adding a forum to an existing site
Why do we need private variables?
Is it sane to use Document based NoSQL for store big data tables
How important is knowing functionality before coding?
Why do we need to put private members in headers?
Open Source sponsored feature development
Compatibility Test and other testing method to use while building software
How to implement Cache in web apps?
What should happen at the start of a software project startup?
What are the design decisions involved in choosing how to expose a Java web application?
Submitting Java Code with Junit unit test
What does good command over an API really mean?
What are the advantages of mainframes?
Composite-like pattern and SRP violation
I want to turn VB.Net Option Strict On
Adding dynamic business logic/business process checks to a system
How can describe slow connection issues?
Array or Malloc?
Java Application for handling records(CRUD)
Is the phrase "never reinvent the wheel" suitable for students?
What Technology can Render Medium Scale 3d Environments in a Web-Browser
Can defect containment metrics be readily applied at an organizational level when there is only a consistant organizational process framework?
Why is it called a 'Here Document'?
Should I store "system b" password in "system a"?
SDLC approach for small size projects
Database Table Prefixes
Is Tax Localization a good use for Workflow Foundation?
Optimum Number of Parallel Processes
Form Follows Function in Programming?
Understanding the problem when things break in production
Scrum: What if the Product Owner has tasks?
Right approach to convert a word document that contains forms in a web app
Difference between "String" and "string" in .NET and which is best?
How can I get started using TDD to code some simple functionality?
Pointers in C vs No pointers in PHP
Merging similar graphs based solely on the graph structure?
how a pure functional programming language manage without assignment statements?
How to convince teammates to use TDD
Why do different languages use different Code Line Delimiters?
Solutions for software using many calls to a server
Learn C++ before/at the same time as C#?
How to pass around a debug flag variable?
I just started a job with Scrum and something seems to be missing. I am new to Scrum
Different callbacks for error or error as first argument?
The rule of 5 - to use it or not?
How to share problem solving knowledge in a multiteam group?
How to separate sensitive data in database(MySql)
Testing loses its effectiveness if all programmers don't use them
Automated architecture validation
Any enlightenment for understanding Object Oriented Programming?
how to do database updates in each release
Is dynamic HTML layout good from an SEO perspective?
How do I handle a Controller that's not controlling a specific Model?
What are some useful things you can do with Mvc Modelbinders?
How do we provide valid time estimates during Sprint Planning without doing "too much" design?
Is it just me or is this a baffling tech interview question?
Reinforcing Syntax Elements
How to gain Professional Experience in Java/Java EE Development
Application that provides unique keys to multiple processes
Possible applications of algorithm devised for differentiating between structured vs random text
INI files or Registry or personal files?
NoSql databases - Decent tutorial/book that covers the concepts
Are there currently any modern, standardized, aptitude test for software engineering?
What does "enterprise" means in relation to software architecture?
Is realtime validation of username good or bad?
What's the difference between recursion and corecursion?
Why don’t UI frameworks use generics?
How would you explain that software engineering is more specialized than other engineering fields?
Text comparison algorithm using java-diff-utils
Dapper and object validation/business rules enforcement
Conditional checks against a list
Prolog parallelism
try-catch in javascript... isn't it a good practice?
Synchronous vs. asynchronous for publish subscribe communication between JavaScript objects
Designing an API on top with Java RMI and Rest APIs
How to split & manage projects
When or why should one use getters/setters for class properties instead of simply making them public properties?
How to implement a no-login authentication system
Are SQL Injection vulnerabilities in a PHP application acceptable if mod_security is enabled?
Programming Without A Computer
Generalize, or Fix The Problem?
Designing complex query builders in java/jpa/hibernate
Incorporating libs into module pattern
Which architecture should I choose for this project?
Performance analysis of C++ programs
How to properly structure a project in winform?
Was API hooking done as needed for Stuxnet to work? I don't think so
Which stages of the requirements analysis process in mobile requirements engineering are the most challenging ones?
Can an issue tracking system be distributed?
Provide an OnChange event for an internal property which is controlled externally?
How can I explain C# interfaces, and constructors to a 8 years old kid?
question related to iPhone programming certification
Does LINQ require significantly more processing cycles and memory than lower-level data iteration techniques?
Commenting Code AS3 - Not being an API
Should classes from the same namespace be kept in the same assembly?
Application that provides unique keys to multiple threads
Have there been attempts to make object containers that search for valid programs by auto wiring compatible components?
On a queue, which end is the "head"?
Any success stories about using slicing tools to help debugging
What is sequential code execution?
Is it possible to efficiently store all possible phone numbers in memory?
Git: Pushing to a remote repo from a remote repo?
Lazy Processing of Streams
Would this violate any copyright issues?
What is the preferred Internet media type of a RESTful POST request?
Why were frames deprecated in HTML5, but not iFrames?
How important are UML diagrams for a successful project?
IntelliJ with Maven compilation
Is Debug.Assert obsolete if you write unit tests?
Is continuous integration useful for a team of two developers who write a lot of code?
force recompilation of war file including its Jar dependencies
Formalizing programmers errors
Should all public methods in an abstract class be marked virtual?
When is it acceptable to NOT fix broken windows?
Do I suffer from encapsulation overuse?
How do I make complex SQL queries easier to write?
BSD Software license usage
What's the best way to review a code before it's committed to the trunk? (SVN)
Is there any reason in a Java program for a special naming for a function arguments?
Using HashTable without overriding hashcode()
Is monkeypatching considered good programming practice?
Best practices for App Idea ownership and shares
How Should a model and controller be distributed between subviews of the View?
CSS3 will be standardized by browsers?
asp .net development skills transferred to sharepoint?
Preferred form for error detection and loop termination conditions?
how to structure MVC models and ORM models
Why is the empty list used as the list terminator in Lisp?
Is the creation of brand new software generally a major part of most programming jobs?
Session Flash vs TempData C# MVC 3
Eliminating tab characters in a new language
Advantages and disadvantages of building a single page web application
Difference between software inspection and verification
Desktop GUI loading slow
When to distinguish OS versions in canonical names for target platforms
C++ - Best way to have a central data repository
Algorithm for creating cluster groups on two criteria
How do you make an open source website and profit?
How can one best avoid writing bloated GUI code?
What kind of problems does MapReduce solve?
Is it a good practice to use smaller data types for variables to save memory?
A good way to share knowledge of a new technology with team members when time is short?
Real-time Dataflow Programming
Development Patterns for dealing with Data Import / Export
Structuring database for multi-object "activity" and "following" functionalities
Whose responsibility is a bug fix patch?
Should I include dependencies for which I have the source as projects in my solution?
Where does my database schema live in MVC?
Common test cases for XML schema validator
Understanding blocking and non-blocking frameworks
With continuous integration in .NET, is it acceptable to reference DLLs of rarely-changing assemblies?
Depend on built technology, or build your own
Should a new programmer focus on a single technology until he's proficient at it?
How meaningful is the concept of "software craftsmanship"?
How to be productive as an infrequent programmer?
Tools for Operating on Large Amounts of Text Data
At least one database view per database table-Is this good or bad design and why?
Patterns for Handling Changing Property Sets in C++
When to stop inheritance?
What to include in a report on software implementation and how?
Is there a lightweight method to describe web services, similar to robots.txt or sitemap.xml?
Which collection structure I should use for parametrical grouping ordering in c#?
What does Bucket mean?
Learning MVC - Why does home and about share the same controller?
How to keep Free/Paid version of the app separate in subversion
How to perform code review of visual code?
What steps can I take to avoid character encoding issues in a web application?
Tips for going from personal projects to enterprise scale projects
Should cases be reopened for bugs, or should bugs be opened as a new case?
Should large or old codebases be expected to be easy to navigate?
<<access>> and <<use>> in UML Component diagrams
How to introduce your team to functional style of coding?
Are there guidelines on how many parameters a function should accept?
Real-world examples of apps written with TDD and good test coverage?
Do non-pure interpreters still make the guarantees of functional programming?
Should You Log From Library Code?
Why are virtual machines required?
I can't draw. How can I make polished applications?
What do you suggest for cross platform apps, including web
How should I refactor so that responsibility for a geocoding service is shared appropriately?
Architectural considerations for a new black box program
Use of pdb file in release build executables
How do we finish all our stories by the end of the sprint and not after and why is this important?
Where should you put constants and why?
Populate fields or return object
Virtual Machines And Unit/Integration Testing Web Application
How can I monitor the JVM memory in a proper way?
Is it a good idea to put all assembly: WebResource in the same cs file?
Webkit as GUI in .Net/Mono
Does one method overload an other, or are both methods "overloaded"
XP, TDD or DDD - Which one should I learn first?
Validation and authorization in layered architecture
Scrum for team split between two spoken languages
How to get new team members up to date with the project?
Data migration to a single shared SQL table
Overloaded high transaction SQL Server database Solutions
Trac/SVN to DVCS Migration
Why the static data members have to be defined outside the class separately in C++ (unlike Java)?
Always return single objects in an array for REST API JSON payloads?
Does Git have a "safe mode" to prevent rewriting history?
When should you use bools in C++?
REST Service Authentication/Authorization
Layers - Logical seperation vs physical
Which revision control system to use for 2 semester capstone course?
When should an Aggregate Root contain another AR (and when should it not)
Scrum, DDD, and front-end development in an enterprise environment
Should an analysis be technology-agnostic?
Replace Type Code with Class (From Refactoring [Fowler])
How should the cppcms template hierarchy be used
Should I contract someone to help me with an existing project?
Design Patterns for Coordinating Change Event Listeners
How to synchronize web page refresh with file upload from windows application?
Why use an interface when the class can directly implement the functions?
How not to degenerate into only a programmer who stitches together APIs?
iphone app- is it possible to invoke a local app after user visits a website or a web app
Adapter Pattern to expose different aspects of an object -- Is this a correct use?
How to get a list of valid addresses?
Procedure or Event Driven Language For Education
Turning in code you developed in your company as homework assignments
My colleague doesn't understand things he works with. What to do?
Are any companies moving from DVCSs to CVCSs?
Will adopting a DVCS mean there will be a positive impact on development speed?
Don't structure data all the way down
Integer sign and compilation via C
For what reasons should I keep "using" section clean in C#?
What is your approach to multi-paradigm programming?
Where to put Spring configuration file?
Sharing API's between different Programming languages?
Recommendations for teaching junior programmers good coding style
Extend the API or use the same name as a class in the API?
Should I use a code repository if I am the only one working on a project?
REST vs RESTful vs "normal" web service - the same or not?
Can we create a reference to DOM objects like document.location
Magic square check for N×N matrix with minimum complexity
How to model two similar tasks with the Use-case diagram
Pattern for select case on object type (of interface)
Are using <<include>> and <<extend>> relationship in this use-case diagram actually same?
Do records showing the daily work of programmers exist?
Why does iPhone and iPad apps have a Free version and a full version, instead of "unlocking" it through in-app purchase?
What software programming languages were used by the Soviet Union's space program?
What is the minumum code/operations to have in a separate thread?
Diving into microcontroller programming
is it possible for the author to trademark the name of an open-source application?
optimizing webapp workflow
Is there a need for a factory class for creating viewmodels?
The Wikipedia animation for Maze generation using DFS isn't consistent wrt the written algorithm given there, isn't it?
Is there a semi-scientific term for this filtering behavior?
Safe iPhone app ↔ server communication
Freelancing - Share the source code?
Subrepositories (submodules) as a dependency tracking solution - yes or no?
I target short projects, but fail miserably on projects that requires persistence
Should a string constant be defined if it's only going to be used once?
Has whitespace in identifiers ever been idiomatic?
How to log configuration or code behaviour changes in non-disruptive way
Is BSD-License compatible with Apple AppStores?
How to be a successful programmer without a CS degree
A software design pattern to model runtime-dependent behavior
How the Erlang get soft-realtime with GC?
How do I communicate concepts and design for a web application?
How to import an image using openGL
Find a "hole" in a list of numbers
What is the alternative to frequent manual verification?
Dealing with estimates as a junior programmer
Web application - database design/infrastructure
Is there a way to publish software architectural design for open use and prevent patenting?
If I am developing a hosted payments page, what should the infrastructure look like?
The bracketless if statement is frowned upon, but is it still bad style if your IDE is equipped for it?
Django development best practices
How do I write unit tests for robots (and other mechanical devices)?
How can I do test automation using a python script to test a c program?
Efficient try / catch block usage?
Client/Server App – Best online data storage/administration/communication library?
Limitations of UML?
How do I stay compliant with GPL when forking on Github?
Effective programming of data layer management/access
How to create the architecture/design of an application in Agile?
How to optimize Cartesian product
When accessing/manipulating complex data, is it better to store it in many small pieces or one large chunk?
Memoization, Caching, Buffering and Page Filing?
What is Global Delivery Model?
Trying to grasp the idea of DI/Unity and possibly apply it to our simple application
GIS-based data visualization and maintenance tool
How to manage contextual objects without IoC container (session or passing around objects)?
What is the alternative to an enterprise portal strategy in the Java space?
Is it inefficient to concatenate strings one at a time?
A single language to learn to develop desktop and mobile phone applications?
Handling and organizing data from save file?
How does agile estimate the time required for a "research phase"?
Determining if an Algorithm is O (log n)
When is 'cloning', rather than reusing, a module acceptable design solution?
API design and versioning using EJB
Language that can statically ensure a map's fields are present
How to handle bugs that I think I fixed, but I'm not entirely sure
Is there really Object-relational impedance mismatch?
Architecture guidelines for a "single page web-app"
How does Google crawl frequently updated webpages?
Any recognized convention for repository changelogs?
If I drop cookies with JavaScript will it still be compliant with the EU ICO Cookie Law?
Steps for moving towards continuous delivery?
How to talk about anonymous methods/lambdas
Should I ask for advance payment on custom work?
Open source custom work
Should a git commit message mention the file that was modified?
Appropriate programming language to design music software
Should OO design, or database design, drive the coding of my @Entity classes?
What makes a hashing algorithm "secure"?
Rotate, Scale and Transform in video games
One man company looking to expand already built in PHP. Is now the time to switch to Ruby?
What are the Agile initial conditions?
How To Explain To My Dad What I have Programmed
A question on nature of generated assembly in C++ and code Algebra
Merge sort versus quick sort performance
Combining source files, like header files
Approach to module development and testing
Developing android on android
How can I effectively discuss language limitations with a client?
Domain-aware code text editors
Completion time on a company where the supervisors don't know programming
How to correctly design NoSql database schema?
Method size in an OOP language, for instance - in Java
Should software developers be skilled at software design?
How to Model a simple file-system by UML class diagram
Interview assignment: how long is reasonable?
Querying types in a co- or contravariant way
Queries about commercial products about using freewares libraries
How to fulfill EASTL license
C# open-source framework for multithreaded task management
Handling database schema changes when pushing new versions
Does this implementation of the state pattern make sense?
MVC, Java Design Pratices, and Flaws of java.util.Observable and java.util.Observer
ASP.NET MVC vs WCF for REST API + Webpage usage
How to improve the training of students regarding maintainability?
Is use of finally clause for doing work after return bad style/dangerous?
Project estimates for unreal tasks
When to use Advanced Message Queuing Protocol like RabbitMQ?
Is it the job of programmers to design the database?
Explaining how the code you wrote works
MVC: View-Controller Interaction
Should I Leave off the Currency Symbol?
How do I approach this PHP/MYSQL query?
Where are the next-next-generation editors?
Sequence diagram should consist of View objects, DB objects, etc.?
Ruby workflow in Windows
How to verify the client's view is consistent with the remote model?
Paid open-source app
What's the difference between dictionary word "Scheme" and Computer term "Schema"
Understanding already existing complex code base
Display rich text in tool tip
Programming languages, positional languages and natural languages
Service Registry - is it needed?
Writing-Reading a hashtable to a text file
Passing member variable as a method parameter
When to reintegrate feature branch?
How should "git add /**" work?
What and how to unit test a django web application?
Separation of concerns in an RMR framework
Can 'Agile' be applied to Healthcare IT teams?
Should programmers have access to PHI for development and testing?
Displaying the number of registered users to a website
Merits of a "Message Passing" system vs. an "Event Based" system
REST and redirecting the response
Handling SMS/email convergence: how does a good business app do it?
Should I perform encryption in the front end or within the database?
Writing commit messages as a solo developer?
Where can I learn about how programs handle file systems like NTFS?
Is the Mercury Programming Language used in the field?
How would you transfer data between your data structures and databases?
foreach($items as &$item) considered harmful?
Standardized Data Structure Interface
Building software frontend for hardware that does not yet exist
Call stack starts at bottom or top?
Why do popular websites store very complicated session-related data in cookies -- and what does it all mean?
Isolated environment for software stacks
What is an effective way to obtain use case information from preoccupied professionals?
Database architecture decisions
Event driven design and separation of core/UI logic
Keeping binary search tree balanced
How relaxed (or not) should a sprint be?
Design pattern for handling a response
How do I link an domain object in memory to its database records without cluttering the domain with database concerns?
Can the Strategy pattern be implemented without significant branching?
Writing a company-wide developer's handbook
Can methods in an OOP language be considered as some kind of closure?
Combine jquery/jqueryui/qtip/custom javascript into one minified file
Interpreting profiling results
Connecting mobile apps to a web service; What is it called and where do I start?
Is it an absolute must that we ignore/delete all compiled files before committing?
Sharing SCTP connection with multiple threads
Is it good practice to comment with issue number?
Good practices for packaging Python programs
How does agile work when replacing a working system?
I have to run certain number of statements (which are executing .exe) in a loop
How to read from a database, and write to a file asynchronously / non blocking way in Java
Real world usage of DelayQueue
Which style is better to check and log the error?
Does the use of Comparator interface breaks encapsulation in Java?
How to conduct a 3 days training on current techniques like TDD and CI
How should I architect multi-language support for a group of applications?
GPL License - Selling and Stealing
How can I apply Six Sigma in a software development environment?
Class fields/variables. Keep single reference point at class level or pass to individual methods?
Class Design -- Multiple Calls from One Method or One Call from Multiple Methods?
Generate analog signal from Windows 7
Using Exception Emails as a System Status Indicator
How can I express recursive composition in UML class diagrams?
why are both index[array] and array[index] valid in C?
Is it fair to reduce OOP to mere hierarchical composition of data structures?
Company wants us to use escrow or provide SLA
Resource/Thread Allocation and Deadlock
Parallel Testing options in Agile Development?
Any Course/Lecture videos on Design Patterns
Choosing a rate to charge a client for training their programmer
Why hasn't Caja been popular?
Alternative IDEs
determine language limitations before development
When should I use parallelism?
Is it a responsibility of the software developer to understand what the customer meant with his request?
When is unit testing inappropriate or unnecessary?
The modern way to perform error handling...
How to go about training IComparable to a team?
Why is Python slower than Java but faster than PHP
Unit testing: about easy- and hard-first strategies
Using BSD Licensed source code
Build a native dll or .net dll to be used independently in either set-up
Exclusive use of a Jini server during long-running call
What is wrong with the Unlicense?
Internship vs Open Source in terms of experience
switch statement - handling default case when it can't be reached
How should I test randomness?
JAAS - What is the required control flag used for?
Does C# Cache Calculation Results?
HTML/CSS in Other Spoken languages?
Good resource for getting up to speed on windows forms development
What to charge for a ready-built piece of software?
Do privacy concerns prevent us from accessing location-based user data?
Good ways to jump to a particular state in a yielding stateful function?
Looking for good testing in multithreaded C or C++ open source projects
How would I do a "Server over capacity" message with Django?
What were the "core" API packages of Java 1.0?
AJAX IRCX Client and Server
Refactoring Switch Statements and is there any real use for Switch Statements at all?
Can two developers form an agile team?
WCF to Java webservices interop seems surprisingly problematic. Any good resources?
Where are functional languages used?
Is it bad practice to name an unused variable with a single underscore?
Security Concerns with password storage in Scripting Languages (VBA)
Team work and agile development
Confusion about proper use of * wildcard in SQL
Why would I write a DSL instead of a form based RIA?
Bad idea to display mail server info in public github project?
How to TDD that the correct results are returned
How to script the creation & configuration of a portable (vm-based?) Windows 7 dev environment?
License of current JDK
"how bad" is unrelated code in try-catch-finally block?
Why is there a leading zero in HTML 4.01 version number?
File Processing Times
What's the utility of encouraging users to learn SQL and possibly the ability to execute it?
variable comparison without initialising
Does Parallel Inheritance Make for Good Code?
Where does Objective-C come from? C++ or C?
Static objects and concurrency in a web application
Best way to reliably recognize open source licenses?
Web Services as a Back end
Estimating Cost of modifying someone elses code
Pros and cons of an HTML/JavaScript only web app
Is it safe to download VS11/.NET4.5 beta and still deploy to servers with .NET 4.0?
How does one interface C++ with the web (at Google, for example)?
What's so bad about the DOM?
Build functionality around the design, or the other way around?
Should one check for null if he does not expect null?
Estimate cost of project depends on [SLOC|COCOMO]?
Creating webservices using spring-mvc. One project or multiple projects
How important is self-teaching in the programming field?
How to call modern Pascal?
Options for programming by contract in Java
Trying to sort the coefficients of the polynomial (z-a)(z-b)(z-c)...(z-n) into a vector
What is the canonical reference on probabilistic data structures?
When to use typedef?
Why use Pascal with Cocoa/Cocoa Touch?
How would you create a mobile (android) offline wiki site?
How to handle interview questions on programming style
How can Scrum be adapted to an academic environment?
Best way to parse a file
The Box Model: Internet Explorer vs. W3C
Best way to set sys.path for "hot library" development in Python?
Backtracking with Killer Sudoku
How to render a terrain using height maps and getting basic collision detection on top of the terrain and camera (moving on the terrain)
What code format has been verified by case studies as most readable?
What is an Aguri tree?
In Java, why are nextInt() and nextDouble() instance methods of Random objects?
Splitting an image into many pieces to improve perceived performance? Good or Bad?
What is the difference between an Array and a Stack?
When comparing a string variable to a string literal with .equals(), is there a standard practice for the order of items?
Do Java, J2EE and Java Web get better with time? It still looks problematic to me after months
What is "swarming"?
Where would I typically use a Deque in production software?
What is the Bible of Hashing?
Why does the add() method of a Linkedlist return true in Java?
What are the roles of singletons, abstract classes and interfaces?
REST & Grails- A solution in search of a problem?
Is there a way to track data structure dependencies from the database, through the tiers, all the way out to a web page?
Command line merge conflict tools
Apply vs. Ok buttons
Standardized code documentation format, where is it?
Alternatives to the singleton pattern
Is C#-4.0 an open standard?
Are trees organised by a "firstchild, nextsibling" structure? If not, why not?
How to include database changes during application publish
Where are null values stored, or are they stored at all?
CSV file generation using Java
Which user-story estimation technique is better?
A Huge Database: Picking the right schema and data model
Flexible cloud file storage for a web.py app?
How does a website latency simulator work
Wrong use of CSS3 Animations or not?
introducing pointers to a large software project
Is it common to use arrays everywhere with PHP?
What to do when you find a security hole in your company's site
UML, Dependency, and Martin Fowler's Data Mapper Diagram
Is overloading an example of the Open/closed principle?
How to handle file access transactions properly?
Replacing dao layer
Should I provide a language reference in addition to a formal specification for the programming language I am designing?
Do you perfect your code as you go or FINISH the product first, improve structure later
OOP :What are some of the situations in which class based design is better than interface based one?
Including Module Source files into War file using Maven
C++ compiler structures such as Virtual method Table etc
Master page design (reloads on new page)
New senior developer tasks
When programmers talk about "data structures", what are they referring to?
How should I go about re-releasing a GPL-licensed project?
Need to process 2 million 100k messages per second and route them to a particular event, delegate or multicast delegate
Does the structured programming definition only consider imperative programming?
How much detail about a user story can a developer expect?
Best overview to modern C++ paradigms?
Working machines of developers - in what ways are they usually standardized or restricted?
Managing a website with version control?
Is it normal to feel like you forgot many things in language after a lapse?
What is meant by "native support for a feature" in a programming language?
Is it wrong to use a boolean parameter to determine behavior?
Is there any technology for dynamic assignment of execution context for programs that target many platforms with widely varying runtime performance?
Data structure for file search
(How can I / Am I allowed to) Use Google Maps as a Texture on an OpenGL object?
Learning the Operating Systems concepts and Programming Languages for elderly
Pulling in changes from a forked repo without a request on GitHub?
Dynamic typing across the whole technology stack - where to enforce data validity?
Should these concerns be separated into separate objects?
Algorithm which suggests synonyms based on some term?
What metrics should be used to measure memory consumption of a program for performance test?
Drawbacks to entirely Ajax driven CMS
Should program behavior be modified using a config file or environmental variables?
Programming language with pattern matching in trees
How to deal with static utility classes when designing for testability
When should you use a document vs relational vs graph database?
Dynamically load and call delegates based on source data
Considering JCR as a NoSQL solution?
Creating alternate keys with Visio ERD diagrams
Agile - Spikes and the Overall Timeline
Should we always unit test bugs when correcting them?
Understanding C++ for windows desktop application
initial Class design: access modifiers and no-arg constructors
Why is Global State so Evil?
What is a good way to represent a many-to-many relationship between two classes?
Python 3, replace in strings
What is the algorithm to copy a region of one bitmap, into a region in another?
What does this software do when it says "white labeled routing"?
How to handle repetitive code dealing with object properties?
Open source code with no license... can I fork it?
How do programs like subversion detect when a file has been edited as opposed to created/deleted?
Persistent Storage format for (update+read)-intensive data
Will the customer benefit from a DVCS in any way?
What is a good rule of thumb to do technical writing that doesn't confuse people
Test-driven development: To create test when issue is filed or when issue is picked up by somebody?
Reinvent the wheel or using the existing wheel?
How can I evaluate a candidate's knowledge of Html/CSS during an interview?
Should a web developer know how to do slicing?
What is the significance of 10 characters in this Uncle Bob post?
Why we don't import a package while we use String functions?
How should I build the data structure for a dynamic, unlimited-size "maze"?
Do you start migrating your Swing project to JavaFX
Data/Object Design Problem
Ajax race conditions
C++11 includes std::stoi, why not std::itos?
Should I use the new C++11 'auto' feature, especially in loops?
What should I consider when deciding if I should use a web service backend instead of traditional MVC?
What is the most space efficient way to implement a graph data structure?
Can/Should I put my Git repository on a non-dev machine and keep it synced with the non-version control server?
What do I need to do to NOT steal "Hello World" code with a GPL license?
Has test driven development (TDD) actually benefited a real world project?
What algorithm(s) can be used to achieve reasonably good next word prediction?
Pythonesque global variable assignment
Scope of work contents in freelance development
In an MVC architecture, how closely coupled are the Model and View to the Controller?
What is meaning of a HINT when used in software engineering?
Are there advantages to agile practices other than having a working build between sprints?
A sample build.sbt to allow me easily specify source dirs and libraries?
How can a client authorize us to collect their data from a service provider?
When and how to commit?
When Business Object fields should not exactly reflect database columns
Why do Git/Mercurial repositories use less space?
Is it legal / moral to republish oss project of an author that does not respond?
Manage query strings in JDBC methods
When should one consider learning a framework?
I'm the .1x programmer at my company. How can I best contribute?
ssl requirement -is this just initial handshaking so that subsequent socket communication can commence as normal
Are comments considered a form of documentation?
How do I document necessarily complex code structures?
What is the proper way to pass the parameters into a MVC system?
Documenting a programming language: Reference Manual
How to develop front end (UI) for my Django website
Tool that can do semantic search in a body of C code
How to gain personal practice at heavyweight development methodologies?
Rule of thumb for field sizes
websites that show real world scenarios for OOP beginners so that they can implement them
Why is putting something on the stack called "push"?
chat/game server best way to implement, is WCF the way to go?
Does MSDN follow documentation conventions for .NET, and if so is it publicly available?
Would "Efficient C++" book be irrelevant now due to compiler improvements?
Design Patterns / Strategies For Custom Fields & Data Types
Should a website use its own public API?
Generators in Javascript into the new ECMA standard
Two database fields for date and time - should they be merged?
Global Texture Container
A defense for boilerplate?
Create Tickets From TODO (or otherwise annotated) comments
Alternative to Perl's POD Documentation in Other Languages?
What is upcasting/downcasting?
How to solve installation errors reported by users, on Android?
How to roll out a feature to only a select few users
How safe is it if I store passwords in app.config in C# .net 4
designing large scale applications in a low level language
Javascript MVC in principle
Testing a file that relies heavily on a static array
Heavy use of static methods in a Java EE web application?
Monopoly game 3D graphical interface
How to gain experience?
Linking in code comments (to other unique anchors/comments)
Why is 80 characters the 'standard' limit for code width?
iOS object instance accessible from three separate classes, or load 3 nib files with one class?
When should I backup files?
Information about how much time in spent in a function, based on the input of this function
Is this awkward spacing some type of style?
Fluid VS Responsive Website Development Questions
Rails solution for mobile-specific content filter?
Multi-project multi-team Scrum
How to handle different web root running in iis on locahost vs. web server (iis7)
Abstract Data Type and Data Structure
Using version control to manage site backups?
Why is 24 lines a common default terminal height?
Design a program and methods of doing so
Best way of accessing data on different pages
Should a class without instance variables be considered a class?
Efficient ways to model cars moving along a road
What is the difference between Agile Modeling and the Agile Manifesto?
Using DBUS on Android
Are nested loops always O(n^k)?
Is the 14th line of The Zen of Python a reference to Dijkstra?
Peter Norvig's paper cited by Brendan Eich
What exactly comprises 'Documentation'?
DB technology for efficient search in tabular data?
How to encrypt data using the private key?
Reducing number of php files used in project
Open Source license compatibility checker
Patterns for integrating with a slow external service
Is it considered bad practice to run different JavaScript for IE
What would be the Impact of P=NP?
How can I apply OOP concepts to building a simple, but real-world, web app?
TDD adding simple properties
Style for control flow with validation checks
Do DVCSes discourage continuous integration?
Programming with voice recogition software
Using a DSN database connection is a bad practice?
.NET Dependency Management Systems
Should Multiple Data Items be in Multi Unit Test Methods?
mysql, one connection vs multiple
How do you handle / what do you charge for documentation, training, warranty, changes in scope etc…
Fuzzy search for a sub-string without tokens
Reducing complexity of our custom framework
How to make a recurring event? Such as an entry in a agenda
How to use unit tests as a source of information?
Should I follow an open source project's documentation patterns even if they are bad?
I have one afternoon to extol the benefits of .NET over VB6... what do I say?
Impact of Website Redesign on Google Analytics
Why do trees grow downward?
Firefighting allocation problem
How much should app iphone or ipad development cost?
Why aren't there other programming languages that compile to Python bytecode?
Scuttlebutt Reconciliation in the paper “Efficient Reconciliation and Flow Control for Anti-Entropy Protocols”
Is this an example of a pattern or an algorithm?
What is the connection between literate programming and the semantic web?
What are the advantages of Ceylon over Java?
What alogrithm is used on the smart cards for the DNSSEC Trusted Community Representatives?
Are there any situations where having a "data model" in which all your entities are instances of a Map<String, Object>
How can this deterministic linear time selection algorithm be linear?
Testing for object equality by comparing the toString() representations of objects
Experiments correlating code metrics to bug density
Are there any scientific studies done on TDD that use total cost of ownership for a product as the measurement?
Good workflow for software development with scrum and continuous integration
Should I still make my site work in non-javascript capable browsers?
Why is the folder name "bin" used in some frameworks and languages?
How is encapsulation used for safety?
Should I change the name of the WTFPL?
Looking for a good approach and data structure to solve this
Why do .NET modules separate module file names from namespaces?
"continue" and "break" for static analysis
How to avoid context switching while developing full stack web apps?
Interpretation of DRY principle
Text Classification Implementation
What sorting algorithm does STL use?
Design patterns: moving object references around an application
Logic required to solve a problem relating to location of objects
Stick with custom or migrate to CMS?
How can I satisfy this project requirement?
What is the benefit of hypermedia (HATEOAS)?
How to specify a functional requirement?
What is .NET framework backward compatibility?
How do I determine if my code is optimized?
Are functional languages better at recursion?
Developing the Domain Model alone
Why is the output of a compiler called object code?
Should the most recent date be named 'start' or 'end'?
Origin of structures and classes
Algorithm for finding overlapping times
Why do some open source projects do not accept pull requests, but emailing patch files only
Can the user not manipulate html elements which are disabled for non-permitted user
TDD: Am I doing it right?
When to use shared libraries for a web framework?
Means for (legit) cross-site scripting
What is the acceptable error margin when estimating a project duration?
Better use on the name of variables
wizard-like data collection implementation help (next, next, finish)
Can neural network discover rng patterns
How do asserts and other error avoidance checks fit into TDD?
Difference between a CMS and a Web Development Framework
mysql fulltext search table design
Should I refactor single letter variables for constructs like pointer/structure names?
Naming classes, methods, functions and variables
Seperable Kernel, MMX/SSE and TCP Transmittal of them?
Visualizing temperature levels across a city
Test Driven Development, has it reduced stress for developers?
Synchronously write file
How do you map members and their responsibilities to an organization?
Good architecture for user information on separate databases?
On MVC can several views have the same controller or one view must have one unique controller?
Who should register input listeners: the controller or the view? (MVC)
Logging asynchronously - how should it be done?
how to nicely use constant std::string in c++
Voting System like Stack Exchange
Wildcard user in select statement on indexed varcharcolumn
How to deal with over-complication?
Mac Developer Library Download
Using WebStorm for Razor Syntax MVC
IPC in C under linux
Testing thread safety
Is there a more modern program than lex or yacc, which does not require JVM?
How to prevent piracy on software which is sold online?
Is it safe to use CamelCased file names?
Queuing RPC calls
Excellent knowledge of C++
How do professional software development teams deal with design complexity in non-trivial projects?
Why did the Haskell committee choose monads to represent I/O?
How do companies keep websites hidden when in development?
What units are story points estimated in?
Implementing Bulk Update feature and its trade offs
Was classical BASIC ever used for commercial software development, and if so, how were limitations overcome?
Difference between planning a project vs. planning a product
Who created the idea(s) of the first loop constructs?
Why is Invariance, Covariance and Contravariance necessary in typed languages
Reorganizing code based on dependencies
Which data structure to represent a triangular undirected graph
Learning to program on punchcards
What's the difference between a marshaller and a serializer?
Given an idea for an application, how should I decide which web technologies to use?
How to implement a system to hide spammed user content?
Agile estimation with tech-debt
I want to sell an app but also share the source code
Difference between immutable and const
Should we avoid object creation in Java?
Scheduling Thousands of *Recurring* Jobs
Is unit testing procedural code effective?
How were Fortran's original control structures insufficient?
Can I legally use the icon of a different software?
Properties under ARC: Always or public-only?
replacement for fanfold paper printouts
What do I need for Java Socket programming?
Design: Calling back to the parent class
Choosing names for integration tests
How do you keep track of complex business rules outside of code?
Creating a websocket server on Linux
What is the use of Spring's init-method and destroy-method?
Teaching Programming Concepts Without a Specific Language
Provide a URL to a CouchDB document attachment without giving the username/password?
Using WCF as an API for Database access by the GUI, or no?
Is it bad coding practice to create something in a get if it does not exist?
Proper & Efficient Structure for an entity layer?
Web API design best practices - having many (similar) operations
tcp retransmission queue
Algorithms for pairing a rating system to an assignment queue
How do you use JavaScript?
Slow if use object cross referecing
Setting variable in constructor or within method
How in the earth CHRW produce unicode codes given that it only accept 65k possible input?
Working on someone else's code
How to unit test large legacy systems?
Dependency injection: How to sell it
Are external configuration files considered an antipattern?
What are requirements for a successful SOA?
Automatically delete files after they expire
Who was the first programmer?
Just getting started in Spring and my preference is XML config over annotations. Correct or not?
Is XHTML5 dead or is it just an synonym of HTML5?
What is the point of using the private access modifier for C# class members?
Software Optimization vs. Hardware Optimization - what has the bigger impact?
Scrum Board for a distributed team
What is the proper way to do REST?
Confused about modifying the sprint backlog during a sprint
Prevent Click Fraud in Advertisement system with PHP and Javascript
Who was the first software engineer?
Can coding style cause or influence memory fragmentation?
What was the historical impact of Ariane 5's Flight 501?
Why was ASCII needed?
WCF Service in an N-tier Application
Is it a good idea to use CouchDB?
How should I implement an unsubscribe feature for text messages?
Python flavor of regular expressions - related to which?
Effective way to gain practical knowledge
I can write code... but can't design well. Any suggestions?
timers with threads on queue
Licensing doubts
Best practice for creating views in spring and hibernate web application
First dedicated IDE?
How to work with badly written and formatted code
Governance models for multi-institution open source projects
How to improve my loop logic in programming?
Is this the best way to approach this design? Is this an example of MVC?
What is the point of having every service class have an interface?
Ways to version user generated documents
What is the name for a NON-self-calling function?
Convert list of 24-hour-precipitation values into total-by-hour
Design: Sharing a class between multiple forms
Parameterized Django models
Is there a faster way to work out this logic?
How to deal with exceptions to business rules?
How to become a super user (programming)?
Two git repositories, one project
Why would one ever want to use a synchronized method in Enum?
Definition of "state"
Productivity enhancing development strategies for small teams
Securing client->database game
From where do financial firms obtain the stock data to analyze
Is it legal to use icons from some other application while developing?
What is the best way to allow a non-coding designer to design intranet web pages?
Security of logging people in automatically from another app?
Generic Handler vs Direct Reference
With entity framework - who needs a DAL
Plagued by multithreaded bugs
Fear of releasing a hobby project - how to overcome?
When using method chaining, do I reuse the object or create one?
How do the algorithms to solve problems encountered in interviews translate into real world solutions?
Checking for emptiness of collections with (in)equalities - what's the best practice?
'dock' working in simple words
How to optimise an sentiment analysis algorithm for larger data sets?
DDD: Identifying aggregate root
Objective-C message passing related queries
Software design approach for large relational database
Backbone/JQuery, ExtJs 4.... is there something else worth looking?
Choosing a restrictive license to be in compliance, but not enforcing it
Atomic Memcache Operations in PHP
Quantifying the price for source code and software product
Beginning development of a C++ project
What does Jamie Zawinski's Law mean?
Algorithm to minimize distance variance between 2D coordinates
how to handle / architect soa when service becomes unavailable?
When should I start the server side coding?
random generator not good enough?
Where could Distributed Version Control Systems currently be in Gartner's hype cycle?
Why C++ to write a compiler?
Scala or Clojure Functional Programming best practices
What are the drawbacks when designing a class?
Quantum computers and Turing Machine
Need a file location in Business logic layer from UI layer
Using "off-paradigm" coding practices in an existing codebase
What are some ways to maintain codebases written in two languages that implement the same logic?
How would one build a relational database on a key-value store, a-la Berkeley DB's SQL interface?
I've released a software product - how do I maximize exposure given no budget and limited time?
Building a dropbox clone
In programming light, what is special about the number 1223?
Should the database of a web application be considered an actor?
Why most job offerings are for a <language here> developer, rather than a developer in general?
Can functional programming be used to develop a full enterprise application?
How should I pitch moving to an agile/iterative development cycle with mandated 3-week deployments?
Grouping numbers to minimize group-means
Visual Studio build everytime JS and CSS changes?
What strategies are you using to migrate your web site from Silverlight to HTML5 + JavaScript?
Is it best practice to always capitalize class file names in PHP, and other languages?
Should I return iterators or more sophisticated objects?
Cross-Platform: Develop in parallel or series?
How to make sure the application source code has a proper documentation for new programmers?
Interfacing application code with unit tests
Filesystem like permissions for C++ type-members
How to license a whole package without writing it into every file?
User intentions analysis
How fast should a web response be?
How do you handle database security from a desktop application?
How are functions called when passing ++
Want to use a lib for my project, confused with license (AGPL vs MIT License)
how to compare two large sets of data using PL/SQL?
Versioning and client upgrade strategy for web applications
New application development - Use existing database or create a new one?
Stuck due to "knowing too much"
Objects in non-OOP languages
WinRT: How usable will it be?
Is writing software in the absence of requirements a skill to possess or a situation I should avoid?
I feel unprepared to start my first job out of college... how can I improve?
Coding guidelines for seamless merging
Review quality of code
Why is quicksort better than other sorting algorithms in practice?
get weighted random item
Bug fixing approach
Exception hierarchy design
Should we document stand-up meetings?
User Authentication. Database lookup vs RPC call
Asynchronous Designing and Programming
Is it a bad practice to store large files (10 MB) in a database?
Transaction Design Pattern for MVC and location of responsibility?
How would you unit-test or perform the most effective automated testing on graphics code for OpenGL?
In need of a divide and conquer approach for re-writing small open-source utilities
How do certain iPhone apps allow purchases without IAP?
Is hiring a "chief intern" a good idea?
Strategy/algorithm to divide fair teams based on history
Am I deluding myself? Business analyst transition to programmer
Improving performance for grepping over a huge file
Why is MaybeChannelBound callable?
Concurrency with listeners and upload: is this solution sound?
Single Responsibility Principle - How Can I Avoid Code Fragmentation?
Wisdom of using open source code in a commercial software product
Can observer pattern be represented by cars and traffic lights?
How to store cache?
On what name should I claim copyright in open source software?
Why is the "kill" command called so?
Separate Pages Separate Loads?
When should I use AtomPub?
What is the algorithm for expiring items in key-value storage?
Web workflow solution - how should I approach the design?
Is the puts function of ruby a method of an object?
Web Service - SOAP
Maybe monad vs exceptions
Given the presentation model pattern, is the view, presentation model, or model responsible for adding child views to an existing view at runtime?
Approach on working with many programmers on one module/feature
What is a widely accepted term for a string variable that would probably contain a file path and file name?
User defined type for healthcare / Medical Records variable name prefixes?
Is it a good pattern that no objects should know more than what it needs to know?
Using static in PHP
Materialized View vs POJO View based on Objects representing Oracle tables
Can a language support something like "Retry/Fix"?
What is the reason for section 1 of LGPL and what is the implication for section 9.
Flash messages in ASP.NET MVC without sessions
When calculating how many days between 2 dates, should you include both dates in the count, or neither, or 1?
Create many similar classes, or just one
How common are generic-case exponential time algorithms in production software?
Can a class be inside another class?
Historical origins of Scala implicits
returning null vs returning zero, which would be better?
What are the alternatives to "overriding a method" when using composition instead of inheritance?
Javascript: Safely upload a client data file
Are There Metrics For Cohesion And Coupling?
SQL Strings vs. Conditional SQL Statements
What is the best C++ source code to read for a beginner?
What is your strategy for converting RC builds into retail?
Initialized variables vs named constants
when should a database table be broken into multiple tables with relations?
Motivation and use of move constructors in C++
Efficient Bus Loading
What happens if we serialize and deserialize two objects which references to each other?
What design pattern do you use to support graceful fallback on old platforms?
sorting using a custom definition of ">" and "< " in python
How abstract should you get with BDD
Approaching Java/JVM internals
Are More Comments Better in High-Turnover Environments?
What is really happening when we change encoding in a string?
Will TSQL become useless because of new ORMs?
What is the purpose of "re-type your email" field?
Reasons for either 32-bit or 64-bit as development machine
Why were annotations introduced in Spring and Hibernate?
Why design pattern is not named as implementation pattern?
exact answer for “what is j2ee?” - job interview
Question about a simple design problem
What is the equivalent word for "compile" in an interpreted language?
Web standards or risk avoidance?
When module calling gets ugly
Why do some programmers think there is a contrast between theory and practice?
is it a bad practice to call a View from another View in MVC?
Where do you turn for code base improvement on a multi-project scale?
Alternatives for comparing data from different databases
Why has the accessor methods from the JavaBean specification become the standard for Java development?
Is dependency injection by hand a better alternative to composition and polymorphism?
The model to sell apps on App Store is better with a paid only version?
International two-part date formats
Is it possible to modify a video codec + distribute it?
Scrum in a consulting environment?
How to refuse to give an access to passwords to a customer without being unprofessional or rude?
Differentiating between user script input formats
Does a team of developers need a manager?
How does PHP internally represent strings?
Javascript storing data
How do I know if I am using Scrum methodologies?
Given number which equals the sum of some of the 10 numbers. How to determine that given number contains one of 10 numbers?
Thinking skills to be a good programmer
When too much encapsulation was reached
Win32 and Win64 programming in C sources?
Is it a good programming practice to have a class with several .h files?
How to unit test with lots of IO
Reading input all together or in steps?
Designing A 2-Way SSL RESTful API
An alternative to multiple inheritance when creating an abstraction layer?
Relationship between Repository and Unit of Work
Are Intel compilers really better than the Microsoft ones?
Architecture for interfacing multiple applications
Do Android developers have to pay sales taxes?
Ongoing confusion about ivars and properties in objective C
What are best practices when switching between projects/coming back to projects frequently?
Creating Objects
Is there a language where collections can be used as objects without altering the behavior?
What are best practices to read high level undocumented and uncommented code?
Class design, One class in two sources
Javascript Form Validation
Random Cache Expiry
Does heavy JavaScript use adversely impact Googleability?
A completely free and open programming language
today's multi-device world for web development
Is there a decent way to maintain development of wordpress sites using the same base?
Do people use const a lot when programming in Objective C?
Is it possible to know what programming language a web-site uses?
Is C# becoming harder to read?
SQL language drawbacks, The Third Manifesto
Content of AUTHORS file
Rewrote GNU GPL v2 code in another language: can I change a license?
Is it advisable to ask employees to create 'work' GitHub accounts?
Do I need to add an index on a table with one row?
How to unit test a jsp file?
Can modifications to open source project be considered trade secret?
Is version history really sacred or is it better to rebase?
JQuery / JSON + .Net Service Layer - to WCF or Not to WCF?
Which class to start TDD of card game application? What's the next 5-7 tests?
HTTP PHP Authentication and Android
Almost Realtime Data and Web application
Using PDO for Data Management
How do you keep code with continuations/callbacks readable?
Challenges in multi-player Android Game Server with RESTful Nature
introducing automated testing without steep learning curve
How can Java be improved so that it no longer needs to perform type erasure?
Conditional attribute in XML - most concise solution?
Is BDD actually writable by non-programmers?
what exactly is system programming?
About Intellectual-Property agreement with employer
Why are there so many string classes in the face of std::string?
Is a project without license public domain?
Is unit testing development or testing?
Is it bad practice to use <?= tag in PHP?
What are the key points to evaluate to select a good SMS gateway?
How can I convince a project manager that there is no way to solve all the compatibility issues?
Where can I safely learn about computer security?
Do reactive extensions and ETL go together?
How should I start refactoring my mostly-procedural C++ application?
Is it customary to write Java domain objects / data transfer objects with public member variables on mobile platforms?
finding houses within a radius
If immutable objects are good, why do people keep creating mutable objects?
Getting data from a webpage in a stable and efficient way
List structures in memory
How to temporarily save the result of the query, to use in another?
Using visitor pattern with large object hierarchy
How do "custom software companies" deal with technical debt?
Is it common to declare class properties at the bottom of the class declaration?
Is it okay to have people with multiple roles in a Scrum team?
FxCop / Code Analysis with VS2010 Ultimate
Open source projects and MDD?
Indenting labels in C
How to deal with ad-hoc mindsets?
Good design for class with similar constructors
Is there any functional difference between immutable value types and immutable reference types?
Quantitfying a cost for a software project
const vs. readonly for a singleton
Design help with parallel process
Why most use Cygwin and not Uwin?
How do you keep released binaries under version control?
Is event sourcing ready for prime time?
What does it mean to do a "null check" in C or C++?
On mobile is there a reason why processes are often short lived and must persist their state explicitly?
scalablity of Scala over Java
questions on a particular algorithm
Advice for learning Javascript with prior knowledge of C++?
When will java change to 64bit addressing and how can we get there faster?
Assignments in mock return values
Can I use a child class variables in its parent class?
Plan variable and call dependencies
How does the Java Virtual Machine execute code written in other languages?
What licence should I use for internal projects?
Planning milestones and time
Git bug branching convention
Security aspects of an ASP.NET that can be pointed out to the client
Suggestions for a CMS markup language for PHP
dvcs - is "clone to branch" a common workflow?
Is Microsoft Prism alive and active?
displaying multi-section html documents - best practices
What is the definition of "Big Data"?
XAML Controls in WinForms
File Upload Forms: Security
Logging errors caused by exceptions deep in the application
How did programming work when programmers used punchcards?
What was the first commercial open-source software?
non-volatile virtual memory for C++ containers
Of which bad practice is require calling functions in order a sign?
Is a readonly field in VB.NET thread safe?
Dual Inspection / Four Eyes Principle
Is constantly looking for code examples a sign of a bad developer?
How to use database adapters' cursors safely?
Create new variable or make multiple chained calls?
What are Some Real World Usage Scenarios for node.js
Help with Abstract Factory Pattern
null pointers vs. Null Object Pattern
What are the legal risks if any of using a GPL or AGPL Web Application Framework/CMS?
Object Oriented programming on 8-bit MCU Case Study
TDD: Write a separate test for object initialization or relying on other tests exercising it
Object oriented design importance
Can you program Android Apps in a functional language?
Are the criticisms against Dart valid?
How should my local git workflow work?
What are the advantages of GLSL's compilation model?
Generalise variable usage inside code
0.00006103515625 GB of RAM. Is .NET MicroFramework part of Windows CE?
rails fake data, considering switch from faker to forgery, any advantages or pitfalls?
How does one unit test an algorithm
Develop for Desktop and mobile use?
What is the point of dynamic allocation in C++?
What does path finding in internet routing do and how is it different from A*?
Sharing object between 2 classes
Zooming options terminology
Test a simple multi-player (upto four players) Android game in single developer machine
Why don't browsers support haml and sass?
How do I completely-self-study Computer Science?
What does a programmer really need to become a professional?
HTML5 file API or Java bridge to acces to local Files?
Is OOP becoming easier or harder?
Are symbolic programming and metaprogramming the same thing?
Is it common for a programmer not to know the difference between C and C++?
Can I use metro style interface in my own web application?
How to commit a file conversion?
What is the order of diagram drawing in a design?
How to calculate checksum?
what is the difference between the below two syntaxes?
Is there a phrase or word to describe an algorithim or program is complete in that given any value for its arguments there is a defined outcome?
Where to put code documentation?
What's better in terms of user experience - providing an email address or a link to my projects github account?
.NET app - Should we use SQL Server and duplicate some reference data from an external Oracle DB? Or use Oracle and have a DB link?
How to manage a developer who has poor communication skills
Anonymous function vs. separate named function for initialization in jquery
Is gettext appropriate for internationalizing user help documentation?
Is it ok to replace optimized code with readable code?
When to write an explicit return statement in Groovy?
Testing applications with statistical features
What options are there for splitting UI layout from code logic using a markup language?
Is making my own copyright licence safe?
How can I speed up the process of typing up specification during a meeting with developers?
Are "backwards" terminators for if and case unique to shell scripting?
How to convince management that I can lead a team?
I'm doing 90% maintenance and 10% development, is this normal?
What is the meaning of the sentence "we wanted it to be compiled so it’s not burning CPU doing the wrong stuff."
Useful versioning scheme for a git project?
Good practice or service for monitoring unhandled application errors for a small organization
How should I host our scalable worker processes?
the decisive difference between LGPL and AGPL
Should a server "be lenient" in what it accepts and "discard faulty input silently"?
Pattern for Accessing MySQL connection
multitenancy with some data sharing
When is an object oriented program truly object oriented?
Should I tell a departed coworker about their "sev 1" defect?
Is this a pattern? Proxy/delegation of interface to existing concrete implementation
Any empirical evidence on the efficacy of CMMI?
Mercurial release management. Rejecting changes that fail testing
Considerations for accepting contributed code to an Open Source project
What is an "ontology" in the context of the Semantic Web?
Bringing in New Architecture During Maintenance on Legacy Systems
Design pattern for an automated mechanical test bench
Should functions of a C library always expect a string's length?
Handle all authentication logic in database or code?
Which would be a better way to load data via ajax
Where to start when digging into an existing J2EE codebase?
Is beginner knowledge of Java enough to develop for Android?
Is it possible to develop apps with Kendo UI to submit to iOS App Store?
Making Modular, Reusable and Loosely Coupled MVC Components
Reasons NOT to open source not-for-profit code?
Is there a point to writing in C or C++ instead of C# without knowing specifically what would make a program faster?
Save match details to SQLite or XML?
Optimize strategies for xml parsing?
How to host a site in another site - with little or no coding
Communication between state machines with hidden transitions
what is the term for the class in the bottom of a class hierarchy?
What is the main difference between HAS_MANY and BELONGS TO relationship in mysql?
What is the term for a really BIG source code commit?
How do you put a database online?
Learn programming backwards, or "so I failed the FizzBuzz test. Now what?"
Is it safe to trust emulators when developing multi platform/resolution mobile apps?
Incorporating GoF design patterns in Objective-C without Abstract/Virtual classes
Should I add an "Abstract" prefix to my abstract classes?
HTML5 localStorage and encrypted sensitive data
Is WCF a good fit for this problem?
Should my source code be in UTF-8?
PHP Parallel Requests and Session Stability
What is an “implementation plan”?
Is it bad practice to use an interface for categorization only?
Why Does a Developer Need a "Native" Internet Access?
What are/would be the characterists and applications of a programming paradigm where functions can't have statements?
Organizing my products database
How do you manage projects left over by other employees?
Does groovy call partial application 'currying'?
For nodejs what are best design practices for native modules which share dependencies?
Taking Object Oriented development to the next level
Overload or Optional Parameters
Non-English Naming Conventions
C# foreach improvements?
What is a good design pattern / lib for iOS 5 to synchronize with a web service?
What guidelines should be met for something to be called a webapp
Warn about 3rd party methods that are forbidden
How to hide the python code from users?
What is the difference between channel-based I/O and stream-based I/O in java?
Is WCF suitable for writing an application which is shared among applications?
Should you exercise TDD on prototype applications?
Is this overkill? Using MDX queries and cubes instead of SQL stored procedures
Passing class names or objects?
All unit tests in one executable, or split them up?
How to talk to management about using integrated project management/bug tracking
Passing compound object for parameters
Is automatically checking code quality via metrics possible?
Splitting code from form operations in C#
EPL-Licensed Library with Closed-Source Commercial Product
Does using GCC specific builtins qualify as incorporation within a project?
Is 100% code coverage a pipe dream?
Truly useful UML diagrams
Setters or constructor for many variables?
Proper way to implement Android XML onClick attribute in Activity
Best way to update UI when dealing with data synchronization
CodePlex and Google Code Concerns
use of script tag in different position of page
Is there a Javascript library for creating vintage photos?
faster algorithm for finding all subsets
What term is used to describe running frequent batch jobs to emulate near real time
IValidatableObject vs Single Responsibility
Designing configuration for subobjects
Is there a pattern or logical structure I can follow for Event Log Numbers?
Gerrit, git and reviewing whole branch
Best design to create dynamic set of questions(controls ) in silverlight web application?
Can I do a git merge entirely remotely?
Centrally managing 100+ websites without bankrupting a small company
The cost of longer delay between development and QA
What Is The Formula for the 3 of 9 Bar Code Alphabet?
What is a dotted pair's analogy in other Lisp implementations?
How to store multiple requirements with OR and AND?
Where does Microsoft currently stand on dynamic languages?
Using a back-end mechanism to copy files to DB and notify the application
How to access functions in extended classes efficiently?
How to start embedded development for developing a handheld game console?
HTML, JS, CSS Engines
How many juniors should a senior mentor?
What is the benefit of writing to a temp location, And then copying it to the intended destination?
Partitioning set into subsets with respect to equality of sum among subsets
How to render RSS feed in a desktop RSS reader?
Moving dozens of existing standalone retail sites to one central inventory database: what should I know going in?
What is the difference between class level attributes, Class constants and singleton methods?
CamelCase issue (PList or Plist)
Go/Obj-C style interfaces with ability to extend compiled objects after initial release
Sorting Algorithm : output
When to use mixins in Ruby
Programming Language, Turing Completeness and Turing Machine
Integrating different branches from external sources into a single Mercurial repository
iOS: Versioned static frameworks vs Git Submodules and included code
What operating systems are used in airplanes, and what programming languages are they developed in?
Using git correctly in a small team
Database structure for various items
Should I swap from WCF to NserviceBus
Securing Back End API for Mobile Applications
Cairo Rotate Text : Transformation Matrix
Dynamic Post-build event in Visual Studio
When writing tests for a WordPress plugin, should i run them inside WordPress or in a normal browser?
Are there Negative Impact of opensource on commercial environment?
Is it bad form to stage a function's steps in intermediate variables (let bindings)?
Is a new build required everytime I make a change to the code?
Handling (many) multiple projects in Git in an enterprise environment
When working with contractors/interns how protective should one be of your codebase?
Changes in licence in forked project what are my rights?
Are too many assertions code smell?
Is there an specific way or algorithm to decode protocols?
Asynchronous update design/interaction patterns
What is So Unique About Node.js?
Layout of mathematical views (iOS)
function works fine without return value in c++
Why is x=x++ undefined?
Any one ever heard of the term collapsed Backbone?
Benefits of classic OOP over Go-like language
Big O(n log n) and Quicksort number of operations
What are the design principles that promote testable code? (designing testable code vs driving design through tests)
using source control to create release notes?
.Net Application & Database Modularity/Reuse
How to handle estimates for programmers joining the team?
How to make Ninject inject an MVC view model?
arrays format (Javascript)
Caching strategies for entities and collections
Recognizing text fields according to their label value
Writing selenium tests, should I just get it done or get it right?
how to create java zip archives with a max file size limit
amount of code in code review
Google Maps-based desktop application
Forking project on Github process
How to configure simple game AI setting with jtable
Why are so many languages passed by value?
The Apache License, v2.0: Copyright License vs Patent License
Is there a difference between "self-plagiarizing" in programming vs doing so as a writer?
Which is more important in a web application code promotion hierarchy? production environment to repo resemblance or unidirectional propagation?
Question about modeling with MVC (the pattern, not the MS stuff / non web)
What's the term for re-implementing an old API in terms of a newer API
How to properly document functionality in an agile project?
Are there any standards for preparing a user manual of electronic device?  
Should a software developer get a yearly equipment budget?
How to visualize timer functionality in sequence diagram?
How to get better at solving Dynamic programming problems
Programming for digital photo frames
What does RESTful web applications mean?
Difference between Pattern and Principle
What are the benefits of using geospatial datatypes?
The architecture and technologies to use for a secure, fast, reliable and easily scalable web application
What is the benefit of a visual editor over straight programming?
Should I pay my developers for bugs fixes for a project or work that's still in progress?
Should each app have its own database, or should small apps be merged into one?
What are the usual difficulties in concurrent programming and tuning of concurrent programs (shared-memory model)?
Using a parser to locate faulty code
Is it bad practice for a module to contain more information than it needs?
Why are effect-less functions executed?
Looking for an example of how a software project can be managed/deployed
When decomposing a large function, how can I avoid the complexity from the extra subfunctions?
Naming convention for iOS
"UML is the worst thing to ever happen to MDD." Why?
Using submitted code in a commercial product
Fastest way to set up a JSON server on my local machine
What's the best way to manage list item sort order with Drag & Drop UI?
For an ORM supporting data validation, should constraints be enforced in the database as well?
Can the Turing machine be classified?
Does it make sense to use jQuery in modern-webkit-only web applications?
What are some practical uses of the "new" modifier in C# with respect to hiding?
Using XSLT for messaging instead of marshalling/unmarshalling Java message objects
If I use Ruby Migrations, do I have to use the rest of Ruby on Rails?
How to make this design closer to proper DDD?
Reflective practice in programming using keystroke playback
Non-blocking ORM issues
General programming techniques to speed up coding time
My software is hosted on a "bad" website. Can I do anything about it?
Conflict resolution for two-way sync
Database Driven Web Application, C# Front-End and F# Back-End meaning
Are my negative internship experiences representative of the real world?
How to define a natural id in database?
Undefined behaviour in Java
HP openview servicedesk: looking for api information ?
Languages with a clear distinction between subroutines that are purely functional, mutating, state-changing, etc?
How Does The Maybe Monad Relate To The Option Type?
Instantiate proper class based on some input
Testing To Prevent Cascading Bugs
How are comments expressed in programming language grammars?
Construct an array from an existing array
What kinds of projects is SCRUM considered to be suitable for?
Move from JSON to Protobuf. Is it worth it?
What are some good, simple examples for queues?
Implementing a "state-machine" logic for methods required by an object in C++
Non-zero exit status for clean exit
GPS accuracy with software
How to stop a .NET application from being duplicated?
Observer pattern for unpredictable observation time
What is Rainbow (not the CMS)
Why is there no service-oriented language?
De-facto standards for customer information record
Designing a hierarchical structure with lots of reads and writes?
Why did Golang discontinue the "netchan" package?
Is case after case in a switch efficient?
The best way to have a pointer to several methods - critique requested
Ruby using the Gosu framework: why it runs slow first time?
REST: How to store and reuse  REST call queries
How do you find partners for open source projects?
How to get feedback from the community on large chunks of code?
Amazon SOA: database as a Service
Ajax application: using SOAP vs REST ?
How does team development work?
Should I cache the data or hit the database?
Git: Fixing a bug affecting two branches
Should I modify an entity with many parameters or with the entity itself?
How to identify a PDF classification problem?
MIT License in a referenced library: legal implications?
C Flexible Arrays: When did they become part of the standard?
Http handler for classic ASP application for introducing a layer between client and server
iOS and Server: OAuth strategy
Unit and Integration testing: How can it become a reflex
Is it any good to use binary arithmetic in a C++ code like "C style"?
Where should libraries be placed, in windows?
How to define implementation details?
Who should be the architect in an agile project?
Should you keep a copy of all the code you write?
Mobile Compatibility: traditional website look vs native application ?
How to create a Semantic Network like wordnet based on Wikipedia?
Security using jsonp
How do functional languages handle a mocking situation when using Interface based design?
Should I continue my self-taught coding practice or learn how to do coding professionally?
Moving from mock to real objects?
Is running "milli"-benchmarks a good idea?
Updating and organizing class diagrams in a growing C++ project
What individual needs to be aware when signing a NDA with client?
Standards & compliances for secure web application development?
Why is it good to split a program into multiple classes?
Experience of Python's “PEP-302 New Import Hooks”
Any suggested approaches to track bugs/defects?
Evolution of an Application: how to manage and improve core engine?
how to change the sequence used in planning poker
Should I demand unit-testing from programmers?
Use my own GPL licensed code in a commercial product
How to design highly scalable web services in Java?
Ways to break the "Syndrome of the perfect programmer"
Where does a scrum master draw the line with blocking issues?
Structuring a rails application with static data
Options for Application Registry
Switching from abstract class to interface
Is this a good use for ThreadPool.QueueUserWorkItem?
Environment naming standards in software development?
What could be the best way to generalize data from Facebook and Twitter?
How should I structure a solution for a long term project?
Business Analyst role in development process
How do you balance the speed of Sprints with the customer's conservative adoption schedule?
Who is a CMS really for?
Development environment to manage multiple Oracle databases
Best exception handling practices or recommendations?
Messaging technologies between applications ?
Is it a security flaw to log the class and method name when an exception occurs?
What are the differences between Castle Monorail 3 over ASP.Net MVC?
How do employers measure "strong or solid knowledge of programming language"?
Quality of Code in unit tests?
C++ Iterator lifetime and detecting invalidation
Lead Programmer definition clarification
Using default parameters for 404 error (PHP with mvc design)?
Licensing a JavaScript library
Scrum - how to carry over a partially complete User Story to the next Sprint without skewing the backlog
Custom graph comparison?
Efficient way to compare scene-graph trees
Is it necessary to memorize code?
GCC: assembly listing for IA64 without an Itanium machine
How is a switch statement better than a series of if statements?
Version control implementation advice on legacy websites?
flat files vs. RDBMS database, few read/writes, few changes
How to choose a server side language / framework
Technology/Techniques to prevent offensive images on a website
Do Java applets have any place on the web today?
Should i expect real world questions from interviewing agency?
How do you handle measuring Code Coverage in JavaScript
How compilers know about other classes and their properties?
Which tools do you use to manage your todo list?
Understanding hand written lexers
