Which JS Framework for me?
Software for matching rectangular images in other images or PDFs
Breakout game as cool as Krypton Egg
Web Server/Web service written in C++ in Linux/Windows Server
Finite Element Software: cyclic-symmetric problems including gyroscopic terms
JVM framework for creating scalable non-CMS web applications
Offline and Portable PHP text editor that have Live Preview functionality
Suggestions for an app to help me memorize a large amount of information which I'll need to know for my exams
Offline flight simulator for Android phone
Django and Python Wamp-like web development environment
Print the whole webpage in a single image file
Software to click anywhere on the screen without mouse
Shipment Goods Tracking software / Storing and retrieving information
Sports team management
Data recovery from deleted operating system
Free backup software that synchronizes folders
Sleep analysis app / device for iPhone
OCR SDK to convert Arabic and English text from scanned cards
Create a local MS SQL Database on OSX Yosemite
Web application to store and modify InDesign assets
Add new frame, delete existing frame and rearrange frame an animated GIF file
Shell Compiler to Program
Webpage for creating roadmaps?
Open source rooms/property booking engine for ASP.Net
Web App for storing customer inventory (PHP Open Source pref)
Simple storage engines or low-level databases embeddable in Java
Share lists of venues between friends
Statically checking node.js import references
Web app to collect images from other people
Software (IDE) for web-automation
Music: What is the most comparable software bundle to Native Instruments Komplete that is deliverable via internet download after purchase?
GTalk ("Google Talk") Windows Desktop Client to be discontinued on February 16, 2015. Hangouts Alternatives?
Is there any Evernote version for Linux?
Android keyboard *only* for typing emoji
Free PDF comparison tool
Open Source alternative to Maple and Mathematica
Is there a Linux music player which has nestable smart playlists AND syncs with Android?
iOS 8 image editor that allows resizing
imagemagick alternative for blurring image - terminal
I want every printed paper has my name and contact number on it
What is a good pair of test management system and bug tracker system, that can interact with each other?
Software for Network Infrastructure Discovery
C# decompiler restoring async/await methods
Find visually similar images for a given image file (on Windows)
Open Port Checker
Software that adds right-click drag option to move all files from tree up into one directory
Android starmap (app) for watching stars and satellites
Adobe Illustrator (or Inkscape) plugin for inputing LaTeX math equations (positioning and rendering of STIX/XITS font symbol groups)
Free Multimedia Projection Software
How to send video to multiple TVs over the network
Cross platform File Transfer via wifi connection
Webcam software that can capture still images from multiple webcams?
Rapid Spring REST development, like Apigility for PHP?
Java library that provides a Mac OS X-style color picker?
Simple e-commerce CMS (for a few products)
Dynamic self-destructing image upload
Tool to auto-generate mocks/stubs/dummies for unit test
Is there any good UAT online management website that is simple and effective?
Are there any libraries for converting handwriting to parseable text in Objective-C/Swift?
Data inside MySQL tables comparison tools
Encrypted personal diary for android
Uploading from Windows to Amazon S3
Tool or library for Graph Generation with export
A small size portable freeware to tell you the version of the USB port and USB devices
Self Destructing file
Compare excel sheets from two excel files
Software to automatically copy files when connected to the USB port of the computer
Key scrambler for Open Office
Software to animate videos with video templates
Open source software for calculating terrain volumes for mining etc
Testing pdf/excel content with C#
Replacement for Autopager in Chrome
Create thumbnails (screenshots) of websites from list of URLs
Android feedly client with full article cache for offline reading
Validator for polyglot HTML5
Network Infrastructure Discovery
How to print PDFs to a network printer
Is there an emulator for the original Xbox?
Smart cropping tool?
Pressure sensitive drawing software in Linux
Javascript coverage with source maps
Building speech recognition for a new language from scratch
Scanning multiple choices answers from paper
Software to convert Video CD/DVD to single file with Xvid format
Create ISO image file from my CD/DVD optical disc
'Note(s) behind password' tool
App to adjust screen locking behavior on smartphone
MP3 to Music Sheet Converter
User Posture Recognition
C# logging library that integrates with Azure Diagnostics
PDF document signing
Is there a glossary tool that can store and lookup words quickly?
Best software for designing prototype model for mass production?
Open Source PCoIP client for Unix or PCoIP client compiled for ARM
Text editor with tile view
Should I use a CSS grid system for this template?
A todo app that allows specifying task duration and more
Web-based single sign-on
In the past one might use an Interactive PPT, now what is used?
Chrome extension to automaticaly close tab and block site from then on
Gratis GUI client for DynamoDB
Network interface binder
Tool (filter) to convert HTML5 into Polyglot Markup?
Online solution for team emergency interventions management
Web-based XMPP client (for any Jabber ID)
AngularJS SPA skeleton with logon and nested views
Web blocker for Windows, to avoid procrastination?
PDF reader for single user
What is the best way to work on web development collaboratively?
Which pdf reader supports tab feature on single file?
A realistic educational software for simulating electronic circuits in linux
Connect to Exchange server email from thunderbird (alternative to exquilla)
Linux PDF reader that shows annotations
Product Catalgoue
Mail client supporting GMail's inbox tabs/categories?
Data representation, MindMap creation, Cross-Platform Library
Skype call recorder for Android
Windows proxy supporting connection to proxy PAC
document management with time limiting options
Drupal theme recommendation (Bootstrap 3 + megamenu)
App that lets me set the default font for a font-family
measuring time spent on tasks
Looking for a WP theme or other popular framework for building a dashboard
Windows Remote Control?
Is there some existing tool to automate search for a full resolution of image, using search by image?
Piecemeal JSON/JSON Schema Walker/Iterator
Free CSS3 Editor
Remote desktop software which dedicates identical but separate desktops to clients
Which Python test framework to use?
Self-hosted file sharing application (for video files)
where do I find a tool for configuration management?
Any command line tool for YQL?
App with voice commands for adding items to a list
Best .js polyfill to get <details> tag working with all browsers
Best app for sharing sensitive documentation?
Edit video file while retaining the original format
Simple slideshow program: captions, local image files, sequence
Web-app to tell me what time a site is most active at?
Trace a beam within the interior of a 3D model
GUI MySQL program
Per-process network data usage for linux?
Program to list all differences between two Windows PCs
Full remote access to Android device
which is best python module for creating excel files?
How can I graph a log file using a regex
Chrome extension that changes mouse icon when hovering over a link with _blank attribute
Dependency manager for PHP extensions in Freebsd
Desktop programs to beautify code
Looking for a new SandBox
mp3 id3 tag comparison
Software to read data from Beatport API
HTML Scraper which can handle AJAX
Free automatic backup tool for Windows?
Note-taking tool with extended functionality
Google Chrome extension for MediaWiki / WikiMedia notifications
C++ Data Flow Software/Library
Text expansion on click jQuery plugin
Cutting separate PNG images from a PDF file
DFSR alternative for Workgroups
How to exclude directory from Sublime Text search?
Speakers remapping for 7.1 or other systems, Windows and/or Linux
Is there a default music editor/library that is used to display sheet music on the web?
iOS app that alerts user when approaching specified POI
IDE to develop C# apps for Android
Open-source, easy to learn PHP framework able to produce nice looking lists
A program to log how much time you spend in what program for Ubuntu
Chrome extension to show page size in the title bar
Tool which can be integrated with NUnit to control database transactions
Is there a free version of Visual Studio that comes with an HTML WYSIWYG editor?
Microsoft Windows port forwarding?
Monitoring Software
Bitcoin wallet for eshop
Fully functionnal html5 file explorer
Painting library for wpf
Password manager with revision control
Pandora-like application with filter
Wiki (or similar knowledge base platform) that allows inline annotation/comment threads
Arrangeable profile of github repositories
What easy-to-use software can I use for streaming a meeting?
Web-based calendar where two people can share & edit without logging in
Tool to redirect sound from output to input
Framework to develop a large project in PHP
Android app to extract uncommon area between 2 images
Need Plugins/Apps/API to create Whiteboard Sharing, Video Conferencing, Text Chat and Document Sharing
Sending bulk emails when receiving an email from specific address
Forum / Email List/ FB group bridge software
Terminal output editor with collapse function for prompts
unix facility to intercept gethostbyname(3) and fake return
Convert .fountain files to .pdf files
App to encrypt and store all my photos online?
A GreaseMonkey fork/analog that won't collect my data
Which OSX software can show processes which are blocking my files?
A virtual printer that will print onto a design and then save to computer on Windows
Note taking: Taking freehand notes while recording audio
Simple software to track software/hardware maintenance warranty
How can I view fonts with Ubuntu?
combat HTTP_REFERER access_log spam (through rules, pingback, blacklist)
Timesheets program with QuickBooks or eBillity integration
Cold Turkey alternative for Mac
Most appropriate software for data warehouse ticket tracker and encyclopedia
Find visually similar images to a given image on Linux
software development - progress tracker
"One time store" that opens from email link and expires after X days or clicks
Picture Viewer to easily copy & paste into MS Office Excel
Chrome extension to delay web page loading
Android camera to display on Chromecast
Is there an HTML forms builder that queries an Oracle schema for its initial functionality?
Conference Line Service and Software?
create districts of employees by geographic location on map
.dbx to .pst converter software recommendation for Outlook 2013
Free software for Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&ID)
Software to edit Mondrian Schemas?
Software to password protect hard disk
Alternative to Outlook 2013 in Windows?
Android launchers for seniors
Lifespan task planner
Viewing javascript source maps visually
Software for creating a USB drive presentation
Styled Data-Driven Reports for Print
Fleet GPS tracking solution with real time location of vehicles with route history
Open source iOS torrent client
Changing the position of the subtitle by dragging
Which Git server provide per branch authorization on windows?
Project management software with source control, task lists, notifications, wiki
What is important questions when evaluating and purchasing Software Systems?
C++ source code formatter
Freeware Windows FTP client that allows credential inheritance
Android application to transfer files via wireless without using 3rd party cloud tools
Commercially supported alternatives to Microsoft Exchange
Which will be the best free VFX software for an absolute beginner?
Locking people out of public computer with one-time use code
Look across multiple .ppt(x) files and find similar slides or group slides by similarity
Cloud storage consolidation that shares space
Ncurses wrapper with "fluid layout"
tool for passive device forensics
Is there a Code Review Tool that Integrates with Team Foundation Server
Recover corrupted word document
Non-plaintext YAML editor
OS X tool for animating Git commands on local repository?
Programs similar to iPhoto or Picasa?
What SAAS call center system can handle one time passcodes?
University rooms reservations software (FOSS)
Looking fo a free type specimen book creator for Windows
Is there an app similar to night mode available for Windows Phone 8.1?
Software to batch extract what is reflected inside an image?
Photo metadata software
Free/Libre or Open Source PDF editing software for GNU/Linux
Palette Software
Should I use gettext for a PHP application?
A DC++ client for Linux with user search
Android app to check webpage for changes
A software to test websites (cross-browsing and multi-devices)
Image organizer based on categories or tags
PHP ad management - integration preferred
CMS for multiple community organizations under single domain
Chrome extension (desktop) to make make all pages automatically 'reader mode'
Trimming video files
Is there a library or tutorial in creating a report designer
Program to take photos with webcam in Ubuntu
application with different instances
How to view .evtx files on Linux (Windows Event Log)
Sort music based on genre
Which tools can turn scanned paper documents into searchable text pdf on Mac?
Free incoming wifi (VOIP) calls
Cross-client aggregating calendar application
Fast picture viewer for Windows
Simple deployable web server
What wiki supports feature branches?
SVN text file comparer aware of the changeset
Are there any programs that allow me to create a visualization (like yEd) but with mathematic functions included?
Android "AdBlock" for spam phone calls?
.NET Report Writer/Engine Recommendation
a free program to show how steady my network connection is
jQuery date picker with additional options
Looking for an appropriate DBMS
Simple "probing" program
Two-pane file manager for Windows with symlink and large file support
Tool to orchestrate a rolling upgrade
Free software web hosting control panel (alternative to cPanel/Plesk)
Self-hosted server that checks for visually similar images in its database
Offline Wiki in eclipse that deals with links
Gratis software for cross-platform VoIP (replacement for Skype)
SysLog / Stream Review Training Tool - Game - CBT
Website for comparing SQL performance
Project Management Tool Backed by Dropbox
App to track daily life activity (to monitor personal enhancement)
C and C++ portable IDE with up-to-date compiler
I am looking for REST api client
Seek C/C++ library to solve linear regression problem
What software or daemon did you use to monitor Linux systems/servers
RAD JavaScript Single Page Application IDE
iOS apps using CloudKit
Searching for an Webapp who shows website
Simulation software for reflections?
What software do I need to exchange Bitcoins?
Software to edit the relocation table of a PE file
App to handle syncing custom calendar to multiple popular calendar brands (ie Outlook, ical/ics, Google, etc)
Open-source replacement firmware for an old feature phone (LG Cosmos 2)
How can I debug code that has very large symbol tables?
Disk space usage analysis tool for Alfresco (or CMIS)
Text Summarization on Android
Please recommend a document parsing tool for vb.net and asp.net based application.
Alternative to pip
Web development tool -PHP/CSS/HTML
Autoclicker that moves mouse using relative coordinates
Simple statistics on live time series
Displaying file size in Visual Studio 2013
Good-looking PuTTY alternative
Is there a javascript library to put a CAD-like widget on a website?
C/C++ library for solving nonlinear systems of equations
Distributed job queue with task locality?
see clipboard contents (hex/text)
Tree-graph visualisation. Convert table to a graph
Simple Markdown viewer for Ubuntu
Most modern framework for developing a Java desktop GUI application
chrome add block software that lets non intrusive adds run
What simple open source photo/image editors exist there on android?
Recreate a timeline of what someone did
Torrent client fit for automation
Personal wiki-hosting with LaTeX-like equations
Version control system on distributed files or database?
Client side Actionscript library charting solution
Fast mp4 to mp3 converter
Web application to convert Excel files to PDF (Separate PDF for each worksheet)
Do a Google Images search, have it play a full-screen slideshow of the results
Automatic UPnP port forwarding on Windows
Creating a real photo album - need a recommendation for an app to create family photo albums
Android app to display real-time app-specific data transfer statistics
Software to group emails, tasks, notes, calendars under folders
Android app for motion blur
Super simple note-taking app on OS X
Collaborative Real-time Java Coding and Compiling
Apps For Android Like JsFiddle
Scalable wiki software
Dependency management for .Net
Software to search pornographic contents
video storing and synchronous streaming software
SAP R/3 BAPI - PHP
Report Generator based on MySQL Backend
Looking for a CMS with editable component template instances
Which video editing software should I use for Youtube videos?
Java library that diffs JSON and generates what was added/deleted/modified?
Desktop client for Google Tasks that sits in the tray area
Creating an Angular Gauge
Windows 7 like calender widget for android
Stream Youtube videos via WD My Cloud (as Proxy) to ChromeCast or Apple TV
What alternatives are there to using Indy for making an internet connection with Delphi?
Ready to use C++ iomanip wrappers?
Lighweight to-do app similiar to Nitro Tasks but with arbitrary cloud syncing
Camera app for easy selfie taking (either timer and/or big button)?
Is there any open source cloud messaging system like NATS?
Java email simulator library with cleaning function
Digital Asset Mangement that scans existing folders
Safari extension to notify when downloading is completed
GUI Based Perf Events Analysis Tools
App as a remote controller
Which fake-GPS app works on BlueStacks?
text editor with graphic comments
Higher order spectral analysis in python
Web-based KML filtering and export project - GIS server required?
A program / site paste some xml, submit some sort of xpath query and return a result
Linkable scientific graph webapp
Banner Student Self-Service SIS Framework Alternatives
Scientific paper reader app for windows
Android number and blocker advisor app
Database solution for multi-user uml-ish application
Tool for creating a text based list of changed files from a source tree?
Appropriate Clustering software
A application that can serve a PHP/MySQL a program over a network with low configuration
Email uploading content
Looking for a Lightweight JavaScript/PHP Spell Checker for my PHP Web Application
SharePoint alternatives for designing and executing processes
Conditional alarm clock
Simple in-process key-value store, usable in distributed proprietary programs
Share your own KML via web/mobile, usable with GPS navigation
Simple FTP server for OSX
Android app to suggest a jogging route
A version of box.com for local lan?
Programs which are not editors to batch compress images/photos in Linux/Windows?
PDF viewer for research articles that displays the full reference when mousing over a reference
Looking for extensive world-building software
Linux audio mixer DAW
Userscript or extension to indicate when a Stack Exchange question is scheduled for auto-deletion
Notify after 23 hours of VPN connection
Issue tracker with multi-criteria sorting (alternative to Google Code)
iOS app to input and sort numbers
Options for automatically finding and applying C# 6 features
Convert a PDF/Image score into a programmatic format
JSON test server with regularly updating data
Image compression for Linux
A program that allows an emulated folder to be placed on the desktop?
PDF viewer that supports Regex search
Free Function Block Diagram Editor
Android program to navigate automated customer service and wake on representative
Tool for Creating List of Businesses Located in Specific Suburb
Version control tool interoperable with other version control tools
spreadsheet alternatives Pascal:Basic :: ???:Spreadsheets
Python library for grabbing the text from an OpenDocument text file
Development Envoirment for node-webkit
Camera software for Windows 7 and 8 (similar to Cheese)
Music history learning software/website
A calendar with two-way sync with Google Calendar
Contacts backup and restore program for dual SIM Android phone
Open and read a Outlook DBX file
Lightweight Mac application to store and lookup small pieces of text quickly
Online service for bufferizing remote files and changing download link
Personal knowledge management system with shallow learning curve
unicode nomalisation reverse lookup
Get random records from CSV files
Visualize my LinkedIn network
Android Touch-Screen Keyboards or Positional Offset for Huge Hands
Firefox extension to bind a site to a tab
Android app to capture system sounds?
Program for weekly control sport norms
IDE for Selenium + Protractor e2e testing
Production-ready alternative to Archlinux
Email list/group without the need to make an account
Software to run whatsapp (or similar) on a pc (win xp) without a smartphone, google account or chrome?
Is there a pastebin for Markdown?
Free software to screen shot webpages and reveal content inside drop down list or sub menu
A portable, free and simple video editor
Online KML validator
Shop software for a very large shop
Online PHP documentation tool
Simple database management tool
Async Oracle Driver for .NET
Mail client with schema.org/ViewAction support
Web based tool: 2D board to indicate client status
Looking for a keyboard with navigation keys (for navigating up/down/left/right multiple-line tex area widgets)
Library for computing pseudo-inverse of sparse matrix (C++)?
Android multi-timer which can be set to ring based on a list of successive number of days intervals (with optional start date and end date)
Review with both Visual Studio and Flash Builder (Eclipse) support
Java library to access Windows (D)COM interfaces
Load testing of recording videos
iOS Simulator phonegap/cordova webkit inspector
Simple C/C++ library for network graph manipulation
Software for recognizing clothing items' brands and makes
Script to make all (or specified names of) public boards private
Nuke Chrome's cache and cookies with one click
Software that locks out other software for a certain period of time
WordPress plugin or online service for monitoring the email for working properly
Online website builder
Stack Exchange-like web software for community-judged contests
Ecommerce framework for mobile app
Implementation of RFC 6951 "Encapsulation of SCTP inside UDP" as a C library
Chat software that reads out messages as they arrive?
Cyclomatic Complexity Checker
Searchable Documentations
Wirelessly Transfer Files between Android and Windows without Losing Modified Timestamp
Wirelessly Transfer Files between Two Android Devices without Losing Modified Timestamp
Tracking job applications
What is the Yatse alternative for a Ubuntu PC?
Nano-like terminal text editor supporting undo/redo, softwrap
App for planning projects?
What are the popular SSL stacks used in IoT / embedded devices?
Free monitoring tool to understand stress on resources of VMS, host etc.?
Free UPnP app for video on Android
Jira JQL style search in MVC.net
Disable/enable a given path from the PATH environment variable
Xbox360 Multi-Platform Emulator
Editable, web-based line diagram
What's a more modern and user-friendly alternative to ART (A Reporting Tool)?
Split a big KML file by countries
Software that tells you in what country is a given latitude/longitude
Meteorite Matroska / MKV Repair Engine works, but has anyone made something better since 2011?
Force user to look away from monitor
Scrum-based hardware design
HTML to real JavaScript converter
How to find some photos that are very personal of mine in my computer
Looking for web based ticketing system with specific e-mail interface requirements
Inhouse PC Remote Control Software
Portfolio tracker like PersonalCapital.com with history
Diff tool for XML files?
automatically generate thumbnail images for documents (via screenshots?)
Deadline support in Google Calendar
Script to share all private Pinterest Pins (except for a few specified ones) with a given set of users
Real Time (<10ms response) Graphing/Charting
C/C++ ini file parser library
Need letter document generator for PHP with HTML input
Web file hosting portal with ability to create custom links and folders
A better MySql console for Windows
Audio player with multiple track playing support
Is there software which detects Youtube/Soundcloud audio quality/volume?
Which software to put two wifi connection together? (Linux)
Video converter for Linux
Open source implementation of C standard library for DOS
Open source Android chat app that shows nearby users
Python library for taking camera images
Software to plan my education path or, more broadly, visualise and reorder a list of unique strings
Free Portable Software to tell if my graphics card or on board graphic chips can support more than one monitor
Free Portable Hard disk bad sector fixer software
Android app to record Google Voice / Hangouts voice calls?
Non-internet radio service for iOS
Android offline app that shows free WiFi hotspots
Up-to-date Fiddler equivalent for OS X?
Variety of mindmapping, with the ability to click a node and see all interconnected nodes
Task and resource management for non-projects
Lightweight image viewer with real-time editing features
Suggestions about a platform for sharing projects and ideas
Exposing a file system as an Amazon S3 compatible service
Is there free or open source software for checking PDF/A compliance?
Software to animate assembly
Position and print PDFs
Looking for a component to enter images like Etsy
Looking for consumable data sets for Soccer (Football) statistics
PDF printer software to print website to pdf with hyperlinks
Navigation app that works with the Task Pinning API?
I need a tool for my Google Chrome to prevent closing several Tabs at once
Daily/weekly schedule/routine planner with streamlined reminders
Open source alternative to Wolfram Alpha
Searching for FEM library
Java Team development environment
SQL Server backup with API, automated deployment, S3
Program to log of deleted files Windows 7 +
Something that allows data access via API or feed?
Alternative to Microsoft Office that does not require Internet or Cloud
Personal accounting software that supports both split and joint accounts well? (Also, forecasts.)
JS http object mapper library for Angular which has some common features
Python library for reading and writing files
Are there any Markdown plugins for TWiki?
Looking for an Apple - iOS application which does emotional analysis
Automated way to port Javascript to c++
Frequency based sound mixer / effects for linux
Form builder with local data storage, Mac compatible
Live streaming background noise
Other services like Bitcasa
HTML Page Designer for creating (easy to use) Tutorials
Stock software for toys
Point-to-point video streaming
Auto-copy in Google Spreadsheets whenever a cell is selected
Collection database software (self-hosted)
Software/App to explain why police are blaring their sirens
Find folders NOT containing a particular filemask
Read a PDF file on Google Chrome on 2 columns
PHP file-based notebook
Mobile cross-platform client side encryption
Portable tray-only RSS feed notification
File format identification
Screen recording for programming course screencasts
Download all words from Wiktionary for offline use
Online flowchart web-app
Questions to speaker for smartphone / University purpose
Video server for LAN (headless) with RTP and DLNA?
What are some Outlook plugins/add-ins that take the invitees of a meeting and add them to the body of an invite?
GitHub, but without an account for issue submission (Or a similarly simple bug tracker, I suppose)
Program to insert input text around selected text
JavaScript grid view with paging support
Scanner Software That Auto Crops Scanned Image
From website form to relational database
Set a default CC email address in Gmail
Advertising-Free YouTube Viewer
VPN client for Linux
Manage Flash player with multimedia keys
Utility to display on screen the currently pressed keys
Database for large volume of metrics (key, value, timestamp)
Complete Android management program for Windows
Save several PDFs at once in Google Chrome
Firefox plugin to un-Google-fy links and copy them to the clipboard/pasteboard?
PHP versus Angular and Node for a simple read only reporting web app
Software like support desk?
Recipe database with shopping list generator
Force Google Drive to stay on the old version
Dropbox alternative with public folder using predictable URL scheme
Image creator PHP Script
Network alert trigger
Search a spoken term within media files
(Beautiful) animated travel maps
Track websites for changes
Web based configuration SW - using JSON-RPC
Looking for on-road offline GPS/Nav software on Android
Windows Software to constantly record the last X minutes of audio entering the microphone?
Looking for a command line tool to celebrate programming success
Open-source research notebook software
Generate available time slot list from Google Calendar
Any smart database schema comparison tools?
How to convert a font file used in mac with .bmap extension to .ttf?
Is there a tool to convert PHP from higher version to lower version?
Which software for online 3D rendering?
NoSQL DB which supports hierarchy
Simple form filling automation with downloading feature in different formats
Documentation Generation from C# code for particular classes
Any way to generate XSD basing on table with field names and formats?
Free antivirus without firewall
Battery Life Monitoring App
App to send message when battery is low?
An Overclocking Software Compatible With 16h Family CPU/APUs
Android app to ask me questions randomly during the day
Preserve/Restore window layout
CLI or Text IDE based Audio/Music production software like LMMS?
Firefox extension/userscript to prevent accepted answer from sticking to top on Stack Exchange
Any free software for opening DCM files
Marhsal/Unmarshal Request to Java Object to Response
Free/Libre open source Q&A site software, Stack Exchange replacement
Capturing VHS tapes
BBcode to HTML parser
JavaScript/HTML5 Network Topology Drag & Drop
Graphing Calculator Softwares
Chrome bookmark manager with notes (and tags?)
Software to use webcam with multiple chat applications simultaneously
In Browser Javascript Syntax Checking
Is there a system to generate ODT documents from a markup-like language?
Unobtrusive Dependency Injection Library
Order applications on the Windows 8 taskbar?
Technology stack for WebDav/SFTP frontend to a web-based file manager
Tool to create a pdf report from a visual template
Output ID3 tags from a group of MP3 files as a CSV file
Command line PDF image compression optimizer
Software to find duplicated pictures using visual representation for Windows
System integration for Document Management
Looking for a program to help keep track of Database updates
Python package similar to checkpoint in R
.Net MVC pagination library
Chrome addon to view PHP and Apache errors on my server
Backup MediaWiki site hosted by 3rd party?
Simple Windows 8 Lua engine and IDE?
CSS tester for contrast and responsiveness
Simulate a basic computer
Software to summarize content of an ebook?
Countdown timer to control gameplay sessions
Android app to stream music from phone to PC over Bluetooth or USB
Lock mouse pointer to first screen when using extended display and two screens
Product demo using Canvas Animation
Git server solution using file permissions
Alternative command prompt for Windows
How do I get latest tweets for specific hashtags or specific words?
Lightweight music player for Android with material design
What SQL-on-hadoop will be the best solution for my case?
PHP - Weather System Interface
Software to change c++ naming conventions / Advanced batch renaming
Software to implement an online programming system
assemble jsp from servlet
Simple and local software to annotate videos
Free tools for decompiling SWF files?
Web app for teacher collaboration
Online email client which supports GPG
Write Javascript in Java
App for Android 2.3 to show details of software installed on a server
XLIFF editor for Windows
Open-source solutions to make Linux desktop easily accesible remotely from Windows
XPath GUI for Windows
Linux music server player for YouTube playlists with remote control
Need a reporting suite, semi-disparate data, small learning curve, web based deliverable
Website analytics software where I can download all of my data
How can I do a bulk search to see if any of my photographs are used online without my permission?
E-mail client with focus on managing multiple accounts
Find circular imports in Python - automated
Gratis personal finance manager
Javascript to preview links
Simple software for recording the screen for educational shorties
Gratis SMS gateway
iOS Equalizer for all applications
Self-hosted github alternative with multi-client repository access
Linear algebra C/C++ library for distributed computing
Free portable instant messaging & audio/video calls for Windows, web, Android and J2ME
Open-source, off-the-shelf options for full-article infinite scroll?
Is there a webapp that can translate obscenities?
Android App to Toggle Keyguard (aka Lockscreen and Screen Lock)
Search MKV metadata
Batch script or program to extract RARs and then delete the RAR
PDF to DjVu converter that keeps the OCR layer
item tracking for a self-service storage user
Open-source javascript libraries for generating process flow diagrams
Free tool to map drive/add net location WebDAV HTTPS to Windows
To resize jpeg without recompression?
Hair style software in 3D or with side hair design
Side-by-side online markdown editor with autoscroll supporting images correctly
PhoneGap plugin for Instagram video sharing
Exposing Android device as a drive in Windows
Need forums from softaculous that work with SSL and ads?
Android app so I'm not using my mobile data at home
Convert an enigmatic string using many common decoding algorithms, to check which one works
Free tool capable of advanced multiple substitutions in non-Ascii documents (at least RTF)
Offline CSV validator
Software that records usage data (button clicks etc) in my software
Centrally search everything from Omnibox or extension in Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Opera, etc.)
Free C / C++ static analysis tool to detect integral promotion, overflow / truncation
Software to handle large Excel .xls files
Customisable timesheet and invoice software
Low-latency caching HTTP proxy with user-viewable cache directory
iOS or Responsive Web Photo App with Large Captions/Descriptions for Presentations
Screen capture utility that supports pasting/dragging/inserting images
Software/web-tool that shows existing connections between words
Read out-loud program for pronunciation and proof-reading
What hypervisor can I use on Windows 7?
HTML, Javascript, *and PHP* beautifier
Looking for low footprint library for retrieving config values (typically key-value pairs) from PostgreSQL in Python 3.4 code
Software to make Khan Academy style video tutorials, on Ubuntu
Web service that serves as public proof that a given url contains something at a given time
Chrome "Are you sure you want to leave this page" addon
Social polling apps
iPhone App for Stereo Audio Recording
Webcam forced resolution changer
Node.js (server side) Javascript templating system - like mason or myghty
Expiration date reminder
Software to estimate the remaining tasks based on previous estimated and actual time realised for completion?
NoSQL Document-oriented in-memory database written in Java
Simple CAPTCHA for AngularJS
Any voice-supported alternative for Google Talk?
File manager that can queue transfers and copy actual files later
Good screenshot annotation tools on Linux
Is there a 'generic colouriser' port for powershell?
Free or nearly free PDF library for Java
Is there any program which take questions randomly from PDF file?
As of April 2015, what is the oldest working version of skype, and where can it be downloaded?
Note taking app for mac
Looking for DMS Software with Thumbnail, IMAP Support
Game controller button colours database?
Retrieve the list of installed applications of a remote Windows system
Note taking app that doesn't truncate notes, display full notes back to back in main view area?
Requesting recommendation for an application to detect sound card and its capability
Quick run code app for Linux
Simple, local taggable link store / bookmark application?
Help template framework for a java web application?
Download all attachments from an IMAP folder
Emulator for running PlayStation 2 games or images
JavaScript line chart library
PHP library to download the HTML of a completely loaded webpage including AJAX-added parts
URL shortener with destination whitelist?
Is there a regex client for doing mass find & replace against thousands of files?
Find all uses of a variable in code
Integrate map in phpBB where users can add locations, areas, paths
Android app to view site offline and cache selected videos
PDF content extraction software
Editor or plugin that allows CSS styles to be edited like they are in Google Chrome
Self-hosted code management software
Recommendation for open source software to create web font from directory of SVG files
any WYSIWYG editor for RuleML?
Distributed updates over LAN for Windows
Team chat with private rooms, file upload and link previews (alternative to Slack)
Which are the most used formatting, source-controlling and comparing tools for T-SQL?
Inline WSDL generator from WSDL with many imports
Monitoring reports for abnormal conditions
Numerical differentiation of 2D data, arbitrary order
Looking for a software to optimize production in a cafe
C++ serial port library, with modern C++ style, compact and not overly abstract API
Blogging and uploading videos from a remote computer (and teaching it to someone else with no experience at all)
Windows Memory Usage Desktop Widget
Web app: points-based task pledging and tracking
What is a software for logic and rules management?
Automatically repair GRUB on Linux?
Is there any tool that offers designing html (and css) using the Relative Layout logic of Android?
Is there an alternative Google Play Store app?
How to get all addresses for a long list of companies affordably
What software can be used to create logic from datasets?
Upload ipython notebook directly to github
'Fast Zero Write' secure hard disk deletion / wipe software
Cloud based spam filter I can forward mail through
Cheap online tool for creating a survey
Is there a cross compiler of sorts targetting different versions of Windows (edition, word size etc)?
How to test Windows .NET TCP program handling of connection failure
Minimalistic mind-mapping tool with markdown-similar backend format
Software to emulate ARM on Windows
A text-to-speech app for Android (read aloud from Google Docs)
Numbers/Text/Picture recognition in an Image using Java
What's the Apache OFbiz PHP or Python alternatives?
Disable the close button of a window in Windows
Simple tool (gem) to convert directories of markdown files to GitHub style wiki
Allow Win+UpArrow and Win+DownArrow to resize and move window to top/bottom of screen
Website/webapp to tell me which stores carry a particular type of item nearby?
What database software can easily export variables to a book & website?
Viewer for huge JSON files on Windows
Looking for an iOS news aggregator that doesn't hide links to actual article source
VCL component to manipulate PDF files
Network throughput tester
Simple & secure dekstop application platform for making HTTP requests with a GUI
Group/organize program icons and files on the desktop
C# library for Windows Process Management
Web downloader for a large number of files (~100,000)
Software to generate geometric shapes
Software to reset USB port when a website cannot be pinged
Testing Framework / Software designed "calculation" tests?
good voice and screen sharing cloud tool
Software for keyword search in JSON data
Rust IDE for Linux
Platform independent alternatives to CloudKit
Chrome extension to pause music tabs
Searching for a software for fast jump between windows
Web-based Text Editor for Server Files
Online JavaScript page to convert decimal latitude/longitude to Wikimedia Commons format
What code can be adapted to parse a podcast RSS or iTunes XML feed and deliver the *latest* MP3 file?
Online photo book service that allows downloading books as PDF
Cyberduck alternative for Rackspace
Scheduled notification suppression for Android
Quick way to type text on desktop and then transfer to mobile
R packages for Durbin-Levinson algorithm and innovation algorithm for time series forecasting
Microsoft office viewer on Linux
Android PDF Viewer / Reader
Android Text Editor
Wordpress - Upload Woocommerce Product Pictures Automatically
Search friends by location on Facebook
Comparing two text files to see they contain all the same lines, though not necesserily in the same order
Camera software for Android with shutter mode, easy manual config, and video
Linux terminal editor with image background support
View computer specs on domain with XP computers
Is there an IQueryable testing suite?
HTML5 libraries using canvas to create hex tiles?
Program to automatically get orders from a Magento site and print from desktop
3D Box Shot in Photoshop: Plugin / Template / Action / etc?
Crypto-Currency price API with price listed in USD?
Open-source software for online library?
Make a browsable HDD copy under Windows
HTML editor with jQuery/Selector like operations?
How to mount raw HDD image on Windows?
Framework for data synchronization into phonegap app
Where can I find a Nashorn browser?
Software development MANAGEMENT tools
IBM Notes (previously Lotus Notes) exporter to maildir
Export Stack Exchange questions to Quora
Tool to export calendar info from Exchange
Online CRM that allows pictures and allows some relational database manipulation
Pandora for podcasts
Application for drawing diagrams freehand and exporting as images on Microsoft Surface with support for the Surface Pen
(Cloud) Password Tool for small group of people
Simple OCR for iPhone
Install .deb files on Android
REST API for file sync
Monitoring Front End / Dashboard & Subscription Based Alerting
E-commerce software with subdomain for multiple vendors but central administration
Physical Asset Management for Medium Sized School
A simple Java database library?
Software for motion analysis of video
ASP.NET item to display "stoplight" data
Batch Photo processing with Subdirectory support
Free PDF editor for Windows
Is there any tool to strip out CSS from media queries and perhaps output them separately?
Is there any backup software that doesn't save to a proprietary file format?
Command line tool for parsing JSON input for Unix?
WPA Wifi Non-Security Audit
Games focused on software engineers
What program as an replacement of metriCAD for pre-measurement of construction works reading .dwg CAD files?
Desktop video recording with picture in picture
What are some of the best examples of lock free practices in Java?
Tool Suite for a basic Web App
C++ IDE with special features
Implmentation of an erfinvl() function in pure ANSI C
Stream audio to DLNA TV from any Android app
What CMS to use as flexible front end
Android or iOS navigation app that gives an alert when close to a speed camera in France
Markdown editor for *buntu with auto-ToC and drag-drop structure
Windows one-click image converter/optimizer
Todo application for web or Linux machine
how to share device between two or three machines
Is there a CI service which uses qemu as isolation?
A library for melody extraction from humming/singing and possibly convert it to MIDI format
Software to search through files (mostly PDF)
Free Android off-line Texas Hold'em with strong AI
Chrome Extension that allows copying of text from MKS Integrity
Good multi-domain + cpanel hosting server
Design business card App
Android app that takes a picture every X second
an offline iOS app that keeps me busy for 20 minutes
Software to simulate Natural ventilation inside the building
Software to simulate wind tunnel
Is there a free PDF to HTML conversion software?
Julia Doubly Linked List
Resume Parser online demo
Downloading multiple files with low bandwidth
What automated testing software is available for Android apps?
Automatic VCS/Cloud Sync with history
Tool to monitor/log specific Windows messages
What tools are suitable for modeling calculation dependencies
A tool to export images (photos) in a folder hierarcy on iOS
Asterisk middle interface for basic call management
Is there a small no frills EventSource client?
Windows 8 Synchronize two external hard drives (for backup)
What tool is able to find and extract loops from a video?
Online IMAP client with Gmail support?
An alternative to Apache Tika in Java?
Woocommerce contractor style invoicing
Online IMAP client with Gmail support?
C IDE for Debian Embedded Development
Tools for creating call graph for Ruby application?
How can I take a scrolling screenshot within an iframe?
Generator for Java software documentation other than Javadoc
pdf locking program for document generated in Word 2007
Non-linear editor for design spec documents
Eclipse plugin to automatically copy to clipboard anything I select
Suggestions Needed For One-Time-Password Generator/Verification Software
IOS app like Flic and Cleen but for imported images
Gitblit - daily statistics
Automatic synchronization tool for MS SQL Server
What programs can display a sample accurate audio spectrogram?
Software to improve mobile phone picture sharpness in JPG
Chroma Key - Removing Video Green Screen - Free Software
Backup and view text messages from Android
Open-source software that allows me to keep track of working hours
Open-source / Inexpensive CRM?
Webapp to split a map into sectors
C# - Up to date torrent library?
Collaboration platform with powerful search -> auto-building knowledge base
C# WPF Library for a AutoSuggest TextBox
Hosted static analysis tool for C++
Looking for computer resource monitoring/analysis software
Eclipse plugin to format Python comments
Professional report writing software options
NXP ARM7 development tools
PHP framework for ADR (Action Domain Responder) Pattern
I am searching for a basic and simple NodeJS build tool for JS and SCSS
ASP.NET forum with MongoDB
What video player will speed up, slow down, & play backwards on the fly?
Table of contents generator for GitHub markdown
Real-time Registry Monitoring
Record webcam video along to music
Where can I find a web widget that combines a bar chart and selector?
Content-neutral video organizer/manager?
Lightweight Reader for Microsoft Word Documents
Buffer overflow check for Boehm GC
Atom g++ compiling package?
Linux GUI for quick browsing of CMYK separations of multi-page PDF?
Utorrent should only be active when VPN is active
Web-service to organise multiple web accounts interactively
(Open Source) Log Management for ASP.NET/C#
Voice-driven data entry for Windows
abstract code metric generation with python
Wordpress code plugin for android or similar app?
Fax over IP software that supports SIP protocol
Windows Snipping Tool Replacement?
Alternative to doodle
Looking for a JavaScript implementation of RFC 5297 (SIV)
Creating a "virtual disk" using multiple storage devices
A notepad replacement that prevents opening multiple instances of the same file (while allowing for multiple instances of itself)
Is there an Android running app which has a speed target, and MEASURES your speed, gives audio feedback?
Where to store Citavi Project File for Team Projects
Mirroring a WebDAV directory for backups
What program will convert video frames to jpegs?
Fast changing data feed for software demonstration (data)
audio pattern search online tool
Best backend for social network iOS mobile app
Software Launcher creation tool?
HTTP file downloader that accepts destination file paths
Free cross-platform cpu benchmark software
Alternatives to readability extension in Google Chrome
Any alternatives to NSIS, Installshield, Advanced Installer?
Chrome extension to download videos?
Document management + email SaaS for BYOD school
Chrome extension to bookmark and then close all bookmarked tabs
Open-Source musical instrument synthesiser
Software that allows concurrent backup and restore operation at the same time (if possible)
Recommendation to share outgoing email attachments via Sharepoint on Office 365?
App to offline share location
Out-of-date website content tracker
Notification Abstraction Service for .NET
Easily convert an Android app to Windows Phone
Google Chrome extension to play music
Free download manager for Windows 8
Powerful open-source download manager for Android
What's the Parallel (virtual Machine) alternative for windows 8.1
Sort and filter Javascript library
Tool to remove the password (and encryption) from an Inno Setup installer
How can I record video from my camera?
Browser Add-On to Block Exit Intent Popups
Polyhedron visualisation
C/C++ Machine Learning algorithm with persistent capability and Boosting Tree algorithm
Multi-Site Open Source CMS?
Free software to turn on PC automatically
App to replace my physical notepad?
Image searcher with facial recognition
Converter that converts videos into a custom video format
Android app to turn GPS on/off when I am "stationary"
Data Flow Testing Tool/Software
Recommendations for a free iPhone photo editing app?
Dictionary as CMS or wiki
Need a team checklist/workflow application
Data collection from multiple api services
Exceedingly simple expense app
Seeking a Web Applet Platform For My Gear Ratio Demo
Open-source manga making software
Non-GPL non-proprietary non-viral-licensed popular video codec?
Android music player that supports per-album resume
I need to sync a source windows folder to a destination with paths over 260 characters
Image archiving software
Software to transfer large amounts of data
Microsoft Word Add-in to automatically copy to clipboard anything I select
Windows File Sharing alternatives
Web search for pages written in Mongolian
Special education AI assistant
Android Anti-Virus that is ONLY on-demand
Can you recommend any vocabulary building software?
Online liter scale generator?
Note taking application with GTD support and encryption
Software that can mass expand adf.ly URLs
A software that treat an LiveCD or LiveDVD like an exe file and run it
Software for transliteration from Roman script to Devanagari script
Alternatives to YUMI
How do I block internet access within a defined time range?
ACL helper library for Python 3.x
A non-WYSIWYG, HTML aware, text editor
Threaded or topic-centric group chat app?
What's a good C++ framework for 3D animation?
Recomended API for developing PACS Server
Accessibility colour contrast calculator for Linux like Colour Contrast Analyser
Software need for video editing
Software to perform CRUD operation on database table
Text editors - personal preferences
Blog to post code snippets and programming articles
Tool to read data from Google Chrome SNSS files?
Lightweight personal document management recommendations (open source/.net)
Php library for getting polygon points from image?
E-commerce PHP script with buying feature
Example of open source tool planned with UML
Element remover for Firefox without context menus
Free TFTP Server for Windows 8
Looking for an Android app that will let me organize my shopping lists
Windows Hex Viewer/Editor with Map of data & Regex Searching, preferrably Portable
Delete the video being played in Video Player
Multinomial test in Java
Open-source library to generate Ladder Logic diagrams
What is good replacement for MS Paint on Mac OSX
What online games are available, which are well-suited to interactive game play with viewers in a Twitch stream?
Online meeting scheduling time allowing different timeslots per day
Android Virtual Trial Room Implementation
Online repository for family memorabilia
Chrome notifier for new Stack Exchange filtered questions
Tool for converting MSSQL data to MariaDB (MySQL)?
Is there a diff tool that handles python indentation changes?
Using CernVM-FS as a caching filesystem for media
Time-lapse Windows desktop wallpaper
Digital Portfolio CMS Identification - Yellow/Black, Teutonic
iTunes m4a -> MP3 CD?
Free Scrum tool that integrates with GitHub
CertPatrol with less annoying UI
Any book reader app that can open a web-page?
Screen record and mouse tracking
Android app that allows me to use my phone as a USB microphone
Alternative to Sumatra PDF
Free/Libre geography game for learning where something is located on a map
Sort folders on FAT32 drive from a Windows command line
I'd like a multi-user Web filter for Windows, plus a good Web filter for Android, all for free
Free Linux SFTP with per-user access to folders
Alternatives to jGroups? Zookeeper?
Which Ad Blocker for Firefox best meets these common requirements?
A firewall that does not ask the same question multiple times when the user answers without selecting "remember this setting" checkbox
Poly wallpaper creation plugin for gimp or inkscape
Moving all windows from Monitor X to Monitor Y
Inkscape flat icon dropshadow
Is there a program to draw images using spritesheets?
Simple spreadsheet for Android
Chinese Sentiment Analysis Tools
Open-source command line tool for grabbing frame from video
Reliable and fast Git GUI for OSX
Capturing themes, actors, random thoughts about films and videos
SMS/Calling redirect tracking service
Software for rescuing files from corrupted FAT32 USB stick
What are good tools for automatically crawling websites, check for certain links, and extract data?
Presenting a web application while offline
Website form option selection & filling form fields automation tool
Free website performance (load time) monitoring online service
Software to change the volume of Cortana without changing the media volume
Linux software or website to turn Romaji into Japanese symbols
App to log me out of Gmail
Is there any media player (except VLC) that allows to define the start and stop time of a played file?
Simple cloud-based customer relationship system (CRM)
Free alternative to the Ozeki Webphone?
Java swing/awt jar for android?
Windows email client with dark theme
Backup from GNU/Linux to NAS4Free (to separate hard drives)
Creating a logo with style similar to Flask's
Reusable generic CRUD and query conventions and libraries
Simple screen recorder
Take screenshot from "command line"
Requirements/Test Management tool with parallel hierarchies
Floating social media buttons
Melody transcription from microphone
Word processing software that allows drawing and writing at the same time
Extremely simple crossplatform opensource zip library c++
Lightweight "USB stick runnable" JavaScript/plain text editor for Mac?
Alternatives to Dun & Bradstreet for identifying companies and their relationships?
Giving the focus to the window maximized in a monitor
Car race application to use as a demonstration
Offline maps/GPS app for iOS
Generating a xsd from an xml
Tiny Linux Distro with JVM
Bluetooth Software
Lightweight contact manager for Linux with import & export feature
Business multi-screen recorder
Cross-platform video player that allows caching for offline but protects against unauthorised retention of videos
Fast real-time plotting software in python
Media server that supports FLAC files with tags
A freeware tool to create heightmaps
C++ / Linux / GTK UI - Media Player library or object
x11 pdf viewer right-to-left page order continuous horizontal scroll
Is there any web application for posting articles to share knowledge, where articles are rated by other users 
Offline EnglishGerman dictionary for GNU/Linux
API that gives VIN from a (US) License Plate Number
Slide presentation software which allows real-time text writing.
Roundtable / town hall live discussion platform
Android app to record video with screen off
Corporate Policy Tracking
Android app to disable the power button
Android app to tell me how often I turn on the screen per day?
PDF reader that zooms to omit left+right (vertical) margins
An android app that could send GPS data to a server
Keyword association and tagging of video/image/HTML/etc. as a video editing database
Software to test whether a Windows desktop application supports proxies
Python library to embed a text editor in an application
Proxy that can handle offline requests
Third-party service for sharing files with clients
Social media management tool
Firefox extension that removes "utm_*" nastiness from redirects
Public key encryption windows app
Portable screencast recorder for Windows
What software to use to make Python-based website using MSSQL
What is the best javascript based profile pic editor that works with a django backend?
An SVG image viewer than allows clicking on embedded file links such that OS X will use the registered app for the linked file type
What software can I use to *move* pictures from my wife's iPhone to a Windows laptop?
What software can I use to create a blog/forum-like website with curated/edited video content uploaded by the users?
Drawing revision / integration graphs
Documentation generator tool for multiple languages
Darkroom mode screen filter (like in f.lux)
Web framework: N?DFA/Flowchart-->simple site?
React-based framework (similar to Ionic) for hybrid app development?
WinSpy or Inspect analog for .NET (managed) applications
Standalone image slideshow player application for Windows?
Tool to capture mp3 stream on a schedule
Easy to use particle tracking software
Multi-session CD Burning Software
Tools to find which files are only on one drive
App to play YouTube music videos in the background while multitasking
Advanced replacement for UNIX/GNU "find" (command-line file search)
Hardware monitoring and reporting
r package or wrapper to handle ta-lib
Simple Truss Modeling Software
Seeking a forum with post-specific screen names and flairs
Screen filter for colorblind
Library for a popular programming language to show an updating linear chart
Terminal emulator with tiling mode
Good non-commercial hardware diagnostic CD?
Linux server backup - MySQL and NFS share
Tools to make good clean code in IOS with XCode
Platform independent file monitoring system for C?
Web app for erasing some words on a photo
Seeking letter management (similar to Thunderbird but for all kinds of documents including scanned ones)
Software that lets me type a few letters in order to search through the names of the files in the current directory
Free PCB program that can export to EAGLE or PROTEL
Bulk web scraper which supports login system
Notification for modification of a particular Wikidata field
Test automation for Android applications
Android app that compares the permissions of 2 apps
Static blog generator with ability to add pictures
Browser plugin to change the amount of scroll on space key
PDF viewer which can move files to folder easily
Android app to track bicycle cycles in fitness
How can I add text to a video file?
Software that gives closed captioning to YouTube Videos
Is there a browser which supports isolating tabs?
Exclude user-specified bookmark folders from Firefox URL autocomplete or URL suggestion functions?
Software to make a list of all files & folders on a disk with file hashes
Microsoft C++ Code Coverage software
Monitor Email For Alerts
Personal log with mobile app
External Linux kernel module that provides kexec for ARM
OSX-like ('finder') File Manager for Linux / Ubuntu?
Currency converter that works with a single form field
Continuous Testing Tool for IntelliJ 14
Rating music by time offset location
Any tools to validate your code?
Are there any (non-GPL) options for MP4/H264 video plugins for embedded chromium?
Program that puts the taskbar on all monitors
Video from Images Sounds and other videos
GMF/Graphiti Eclipse based HTML editor
Software to detect recorded/learn click sounds (3 difference) and trigger an action
Warehouse Management for Assets
Aspiring Web Developer - What are the must have tools? (OSX)
Emulate an external monitor using VNC
Locally-Hosted Program Management Data, Software can be in Cloud
Virtual graph-paper software
Is there a portable ID3 tag editor for Windows?
Photo slideshow with waypoints/groups
Software library to render text to memory bitmap
Wireshark-like software for capturing Bluetooth communication data?
Free options to MySQL Query Analyzer
Alternatives to Distill Web Monitor
Is there a serialization library for .NET that supports data versioning and references and doesn't require too much code overhead?
MMORPG creation and supporting software
Database schema and data management tools
What could I use to read and annotate pdf files on my tablet and have them sync to a reference management library?
I need an RTOS with 10Gb Ethernet support
Is there a tool for JavaScript string de-duplication?
An Adobe Flash-based RTSP Player with particular video and audio codecs
Alternative to Facebook app which can sync contacts with photos in Android device
JavaScript library to create charts and graphs
Hosted SaaS provider for Flash based one-on-one video chat
Design entity-relationship models in Ubuntu
Contracted forms to long forms
What database should I use for these versioned data feeds?
Bluetooth headphone manager for Windows
I have been asked to either develop or find a videos/photos archiving system
Android emulators with the best performance for Windows (with multitouch support)?
Standalone application launcher similar to Linux Mint's
Text Editor to view AndroidManifest.xml on GNU/Linux
File delta encoding library for C?
Software to easily switch between audio output devices
Location-aware printing without Windows Professional or Enterprise
A simple clipboard manager for Gnome
Remote access/administrator with ability to make remote screen static
Javascript frontend library/framework for web forms, compatible with Bootstrap 3 and json-schema
Node.js module for retrieving image meta data (EXIF/IPTC) without dependencies
Free WiFi analyzer for Windows
Share folder with files: better option
Web-based file browser with finely tuneable access control
Open-source software to change monitor input source
In search of an accounting/sales software
Photoshop Express Alternative
Project planning and resource management tool
Command line app for Google Drive
An easy to learn/setup Java web server
WordPress plugin for simple tabular page view count (admin)
Free FTPS client for mac
Storage Spaces alternative but allows create storage pool from partitions instead from devices
Android podcast client with device sync and web management?
voip answering machine to email
Looking for anti-spam software
Convert any video to DVD in Ubuntu
Online tool for checking ISO8601
NDC+ protocol parser in Java or C++
SDK for building custom ODBC driver
Python Frameworks/Tools for automated Winforms testing
GUI software to compress and merge PDFs
Online web form builder
best free iOS plotting frameworks?
Cygwin alternative for OSX pbcopy?
Simple Multi-Timer Full-featured Windows Desktop Application
Automatic, bootable drive wiper
Good and easy GUI Designer
Wiki Building Software/App for Tablet
How to recover data from old DVDs?
Tool for Software Development in Cloud
Mobile App for Website Integration
WordPress forum plugin that can integrate existing comments
Building an Augmented Reality Piano
WordPress plugin or theme for ads that can be closed by admin
Coded, TFS-linked, Automated UI Testing in all browsers
Browser extension to detect misspelled words/typos
What is a simple, Windows or web app to take notes on imported map images?
Need a mature, documented RBAC implementation for Python
Barebones lightweight XMPP client for Windows?
Applications / services which allow you to run a virtual class over the Internet?
C code for evaluating static code analysis tools
Business Analytics and Story teller app
Archive file compare / diff software
Python library for complex web scraping?
Which tool or method to manage emails with top tagging features?
SMS service providing a custom sender ID
Automatically copy after a double-click sent programmatically on Windows
Video editor that can import old Premiere project files
Check whether car exceeded speed limit between some waypoints GPX
Android MPC app to quickly create a beat
Recording the duration a computer has been locked
Simple layman genealogy software
Free "on-screen keyboard" software with feature of changing font
Software to read, highlight, and annotate PDFs
Chrome addon to open link in new tab to the right of the current tab
View cookies on Android Firefox?
Chrome addon to stop "Page(s) Unresponsive" message
What tools can I use to create simple editable documentation pages with NodeJS and AngularJS app?
What open-source software can import Yahoo! Pipes pipe definitions?
Timeline bar for graph
Persistent CSS Element editor for Firefox? (like Stylebot for Chrome)
Forex trading platform with backtesting for non-Windows?
Set up virtual machine without installing all settings
Content generator to generate a description for entries
Looking for a Website Theme Similar to This
Software for daily backups (Linux)
Remote Access software with USB Redirect or Biometrics?
Automatic generation of source-to-source compilers
Similar concept to MediaWiki but with structured data fields
Modern (2015) pet shop store to compare technology stacks
Hierarchical storage management Windows
Automatic/Assisted generation of a table given a plot
Simplest and ad-free Android Notepad App
A modern tool on OSX that directs links from other apps automatically to different browsers
Screen video and audio capture library for .NET
Code analysis tool for Visual web developer 2005
3rd Party Hipchat Integration
Media server (DLNA) which works with Picasa database
DAG based script execution scheduler/planner with GUI; similar to airbnb's airflow or BODS or Informatica
Python SOAP client library
Fastest or easy-to-use reverse-proxy for Windows
Open Source C++ XML Data Binding tool/libary with non (L)GPL license?
Free Software for removing watermark from PDF
Early Modern English Dictionary API
Reduce the file size of a PDF (except CLI)
Speech-to-text / Translation app recommendations?
I am looking for an HTML5 video player
Software to create bitmaps for GUI toolbar buttons
Doubly linked list visualization
Open-source private keys management system
Contour Map Charting Package for Windows 8
Is Firefox the only browser that supports not reloading all open tabs at startup?
Tool to trace and create a script of all DB writes
Software for modelling congestion of (road) traffic networks?
Reverse-Regex: Xeger for C#
Software for Respondent-Interactive Mass Data Collection and Verification?
A "registry explorer" that works like Windows Explorer
Process management with scheduled start/stop, log redirection, monitoring etc
Is there a map API that'll give me a list of names of all the places that are visible on the map at that moment?
Android application to browse the web using a physical keyboard
Portable Windows browser with good multimedia downloading built-in
Is there an Android onboarding library?
Collaborative password storage solution for web developers
CAD-System API without UI
Recommendation engine for search based on CTR and Item position
C++ Dev: OS X Workstation, Build/Run/Debug on remote Linux machine?
Need one VM to run project management and multiple revision systems SVN, CVS, and PVCS
Offline LaTeX Editor and compiler for Android
Roll Call software system
Android audio recorder with speech recognition
Book API for in stores available book
Small business Accounting app for ipad iphone and Mac
Database / SQL history tracking
Library or program to make TWAIN-compatible scanner send documents to a J2EE application
We want to capture keyword from image during scanning , suggest some scanner H/W or S/W
Barcode printing software with ODBC or database capability?
Mac OS X log file viewer
Scriptable FOSS or inexpensive HTML-to-PDF utility that inserts page numbers into a table of contents
Updating Old Links in Static Web Content
.Net Scanning Library
Talking notification of system events for Android
Software for Palm HotSync on OS X (not The Missing Sync)
Open source software to select the word under cursor and then insert it to MySQL?
Tool or script to pull all NuGet licenses used in the solution
C++: Library to interpolate polynomial and find a polynomial roots
Self-hosted video chat software
XML WYSIWYG editor
Voice notifications for Google Calendar on Windows
Free App for Recognizing Pre-Configured Texts (OCR)
DNS server with customizable filtering, for home use
Nunjucks for Duktape (Jinja2 / Django) like templates compiler to byte code
Is there a Firefox utility that can convert webpages to PDF?
Which browser should a web developer use?
An Android app that changes the notification tone depending on a text message's content
Activity tracking app to record horse riding styles
Free embedded SSL/TLS library for a GPL-incompatible project
Sending / receiving SMS in Windows 8 / 8.1 via mobile broadband modem
Interactive web graphs
Web performance analyzer that works offline / locally (alternate to YSlow)
Chrome addon to view <title> via double-click
What programming language and technologies can you advise to use in my project?
Is there an Android app that allows to collect sound sleep data and export it to PC?
A photo viewing/organising software for Windows
A video blurring tool.
Printing XLS file programmatically without Excel installed
Issue tracker implemented in Microsoft Dynamics AX or standalone
GUI for managing translations in i18n JSON files
Alternative to Bi Publisher
Mobile app for remote control from a computer to take photos and save them on the computer
Open source ERP with very flexible shipping module
All-in-one collaborative portal
laboratory database software
Self-hosted web analytics tools
Android app to make quick text notes
Tracking events like tracking periods?
Document workflow
Automatically highlighting all occurrences of a regular expression on a web page
Measuring internet datausage?
Video Editing Freeware for Professional Effects
Test server with many requests
Tool to list all the colors used in my stylesheets?
Showing multiple videos at once
Project timeline whose events can be moved to a new date directly from the timeline (date changes according to position)
A Dropbox-like open source WebDAV sync client for Windows, written in C/C++/C#
Node.JS-code to chart generation software
Double entry accounting engine
What web applications are available for allowing users to download software?
WordPress plug-in for association members management
Program for PC Technicians
Next step of programming
Looking for Google-Integrated Offline Surveys
Car purchase selection App
Tools that allow to write markdown, latex and R code (knitr) in the same document and convert to pdf?
Creating a system to track the chapters of the books that I have read
Is there an IP address widget for Android?
Best software to Stream data from online to a game engine
Presenting a changing long list, one level at a time
Pulling bank information: Alternatives to Yodlee API?
Section 508 Compliant HTML Spreadsheet
Peer review software for programming assignments
Stopwatch function that saves time after reboot/closing
Read all metadata from PDF file, and write back into PDF file, on Linux command line?
Disk performance improvement program
Best e-shop (or module for Joomla or Drupal) for groceries calatog
JS framework platform to develop video-heavy app for android/ios/web
Same content on several different computers/monitors administered remotely
Bidirectional Single-Socket RPC interoperable between .net and C++
text editor with custom zoom feature
Transport library for data tables
Opensource ERP that allows on-premise commerical use
Thunderbird addon to get rid of managing dozens and dozens of identities
API for translating a U.S. state/territory abbreviation into full name
Simple to learn .NET data provider?
Web-Based Open Source Inventory Management App?
App to keep track of communications with contacts
What visual programming stacks exist for non-English speaking students?
What database software to use for a personal "Stock Portfolio" tracking project?
Accounting software for small business
Webapp to create screenshots of Android app with various devices
App showing typical police traps location
Can I create a "Node JS" desktop application which runs without a web browser?
Where to find a free and easy multiplayer game in Linux?
Tabbed text editor that autosaves even new files
Cluster computing drop-in replacement for Python multiprocessing Pool
Choosing a database for reverse auction marketplace
Parametric Mechanism Design Software
Cloud based solution for hosting training videos that integrates with our Active Directory
C++ matrix library with skip elements, skip rows and median operations
Monitoring processes in detail over time - not summarized
Data usage monitoring
Is there any online/software tool available to select/find/narrow down a research topic?
Customize keyboard shortcuts/hot keys in order to paste different lines of text?
Simple, no-frills password protected file sharing server
Multimedia player with fast response?
Looking for a particular movie format
Basic database on OS X?
PHP Framework to build a web hosting control panel on?
ECG beat detection
Selfcontained software to generate static HTML documentation from Markdown
Alternatives for Google Moderator / Moderator for Google Apps
Windows download manager with certain features
Utility for search inside textfiles where results are directly editable
Word processing for iPad with file transfer to/from iPad
Framework for the design editor of a cms
Software to recover corrupt JPEGs on CD-RW
Looking for and Android cbz file reader with infinite scrolling
USB Camera Emulation for Windows 8
How to automatically install/deploy and maintain a system of software components on Windows?
Sun positions app for Android
Project management software with member rate
Software to parse an XML file while being generated
Permissions Manager
Kodi (Music centric) remote control app
Integration of Five9, Workbook.net (CRM) and Etrique(Marketing Automation)
Managing offline learning video courses
Server side app to retrieve email notifications from long-running processes, summarize the contents, and show a summary all in one webpage
Android app which uses my phone's mic and accelerometer to help me learn how well I slept
How can I create Google(Android)-style images?
Where to find free live streaming data, any format?
PGP solution for Mac that doesn't store keys on my system?
Simple Firmware Interface Library
Lightweight maps webapp (alternative to Google Maps which is too slow)
FTP Client Tool
Windows mingw graphical compiler
Linux-based Screen Capture program?
Software for still images from a video capture card
Modern alternatives to Mutt
Home surveillance software that can handle multiple USB cameras
Linux command line tool to count non-empty pages in a PDF file
Measure ink coverage in a PDF file
Is there a lightweight library that can perform RSA-2048 encryption for an embedded application?
Android running app with heart rate audio feedback
DICOM viewer for mac OS 10.6.8
Code Review on Visual Studio 2013 Professional + TFS
Software to cap a specific program's network usage speed?
Scrape / Extract Wikipedia Category Taxonomies into UI
Tool to rotate screen content without the need to physically rotate the screen?
Collect computers spec & antivirus information over domain network
Which Wordpress plugin should I use to return image files adapted to screen size?
Mount VMDK files with write access
Free survey web application which provides easily printable single access codes
Hi-res web-based graphing
Free software to create wedding announcements
Android app to send a text message with only one tap
App for guided breathing
Chrome extension to block websites, track time spent on websites etc
Is there an web browser add-in that allows me to pass a secret key to a REST endpoint?
Android app to manually log personal health data
Free software for creating ISO images from files or discs?
Full headers html email viewer / converter to printable format
Pentesting tool for windows environment
Email myself on a particular day of the week
Solution for knowledge base
Integration Doc / Tutorials : Microsoft Dynamics CRM with Five 9 / Etrigue
Library (package) or other tool to interface R with CloudSQL
Android App for smart modification of calendar events
What software do I need to convert a pdf to text that can then be processed using regex to extract specific pieces of data?
Looking for a MySQL Report Generator I can integrate into a web app
Bitcoin faucet bot
python package useful for analyzing user inputted 2D vector graphics
User form creation for WordPress site?
How to link to headers on websites that don't have id?
Battery efficent VoIP software for Android
Free alternative to SubtitlesApp for Windows
Free, Blazing Speed OCR Software for integration with programs
Japanese dictionary for Ubuntu (offline, open source)
Cloud data Point of Sale Software
Java webservice client handling failover/cluster of webservice server
Geany plugin to easily rename a file
Recommend stable open source reporting tools
Software to make Photo Video maker with music?
Anonymous, independent, decentralized URL shortener
Open Source OMR optical mark recognition solution
A podcast subscription/managing app that syncs between PC and Android.
A wifi and mobile data testing app.
Tool for Reviewing Source Code
Windows desktop-based standalone RSS reader
A Good Barebones TV Remote App
Online API for executing code
Wikipedia viewer linux online customizable
Software for Creating Game Sound Effects
markdown to HTML parser for Node.js
Browser extension to execute arbitary commands
Extensible log aggregation compatible with Elasticsearch (like logstash)
A Linux tool to zero-fill free space *and* cluster tips on an NTFS volume
Chrome / Firefox extension to make Single Click open folder/file in new Google Drive
Firefox extension to view/browse history in a 'better' way
List online Gtalk contacts
Software to resize window once it reaches the edge of the screen
Route planner and navigator with multiple stops
MP3/WAV to text (speech recognition)
Linux photo manager with easy print ordering
How to test IOPS on Windows?
Simple PHP IDE in PHP
GNU readline-like library also tracking program state
Ready-to-use Open Source ecommerce using Node.js and MongoDB
Team social network, with collaborative inline PDF commenting
Any better software alternative for mysqldump
Zip-Library with unicode und 7z support
Testing CSS animations performance (CPU time)
Mozilla Firefox extension for night reading?
Stock chart widget
Software to count structures in an image (rastergraphic)
Async API operation completion signalling in .NET
Seeking an English Pronounciation program
Embeddable tool to allow users to create their own forms (similar to google forms)
Automatic subtitle syncronization
Dynamic GPS spoofer
PDF viewer and/or reader having feature to play animations
Time Duration Picker For Bootstrap
I want to make a user community (with posts that can be liked), what software do I need?
Website Link Checker for Linux
Stable free (open source) Java PDF library for paragraphs of text only
Intranet site where each department can view their information
Cross-platform analogue of Mempad text editor
Free CAPTCHA plugin for WordPress
Which website builders allow for formatting code in blogs?
Free bug tracker with guest support
Looking for a node.js-based UI toolkit with tight OS integration
Cross-platform text messaging app (alternative to Verizon Messages)
A lightweight music player for Android.
Text file merging tool
Get real-time I/O of any storage devices in Windows
JAR file integrity check
Broadcast video from webcam over NAT
What software can I use to create a web-based data-flow diagram with selectable layers?
TIFF View, Annotate, and Redact
Python estimate running time and graph it
Email an SMS or SMS thread
Android app to disable lock screen security automatically
Chrome duplicate tabs: extension that is not preventing, but actually finds them on demand
A library for converting POJOs to Cytoscape.js JSON format
No-cloud copy/paste app for Android/Linux
Is there any Facebook friends network/graph downloader program that still works?
Pure-managed C# SQLite client library
Screencast with blackboard
Android voicemail GUI app
Tool to cache specific MySQL queries?
Framework to create a questionnaire following simple workflow, with final report
Alternative to Youtube app on iPad
Remote Backup System needed
Need to vizualize vSphere stats into an executive dashboard
Rewrite classic ASP website to new technology with SQL Server database?
Like Remember The Milk, but Maintained
Social community management software recommendations
An open source video streaming application that uses RTP over UDP that I can 'make' from the source code?
Sync between PC & External Harddisk
Reverse engineer code to flowchart
Commercial web-based video conferencing platform
Tool to sharpen/contrast a PDF image file
Best way to transcode/stream media from my Laptop?
Speed Dial for Safari for OS X
Cross compiler for Windows on PowerPC or Dec Alpha
What's the best HTML+SVG+CSS based approach for displaying a family tree structure with both parents and multiple interconnections?
Speech recognition tool for gaming
What are the best real time operating systems when security is required?
Recommendations for visual web page designing tools for Mac
IDE for Lua on Windows
Good Bootstrap form validator
Looking for Autodesk Sketchbook Copic edition app - or similar with Copic features
"Kiln Harmony" open source alternatives?
Typing statistics software for Mac
Free Web-Based Map with Markers
Simple HTML5 drag/drop uploader WITH registration
Bomberman like game
Perl-written MkDocs equivalent to convert trees of Markdown or POD to HTML with index in each file
Alternatives to DADiSP?
Android Image Viewer for Webp and Animated GIFs
Alternative to XDP Adobe Livecycle Forms
Face Images and Face Databases
Display a different dictionary entry each day
WordPress addin for horse betting application
How to do Square - like site development with versioning?
Looking for tasks time line builder tool
JavaScript/Angularjs Organizational Chart (Custom Nodes/Edges)
Application to download default page from website?
Small web firm: Software to keep track of multiple clients, domains and servers?
Mobile App that works on both Android and IOS for Barcode/Inventory Control
Software Library to Replicate Logic Analyzer functions with pre-acquired signal data
Fixing drifting and warping in tissue samples
Are there any Google services that allow saving user data to the cloud to be shared with other users?
Free software to design magazine covers and pages
Start/stop OS X software depending on expensive/free network connection
Recommended software VPN for Azure Private Cloud?
Best APK Audit Tool
Software for managing WhatsApp broadcast lists
Is there a tool that makes Windows 7 lighter?
Enterprise workflow management app with complex activity dependencies
Is there any software that allows me to make the join automatically for mysql?
Free PHP-based helpdesk chat software
Is there a FOSS music streaming service?
API that provides common name aliases of famous people
Is there any software which give me the definition of many English words in English at the same time?
Minimum-cost efficient solution to the circulation problem
Master Host List enterprise application
Is there a tool for changing IP addresses in Linux?
Software for recognizing sorting/renaming .mp3
Open Source Office on Windows Tablet
Open source CMS for building web sites based on asp.net mvc
RSS integration into Let's Chat
Sync Sony Smartband data to own Server
Log amount of water to Sony LifeLog
Tool for distributed compilation of C++/Qt software
Make a hyperlinked Web site from EPUB file
Free or Low-Cost Video Booth software
Online survey to be installed on my host
Lossless compressing software that grants best compression ratio for everyday purpose and/or for specific tasks
Video artifact detection tool
How can I host a resource reservation calendar?
How to save post data in firefox?
How can I fix WinRAR Error?
Journaling software with sections to be filled out each day
Solve mechanical drawing, defined by geometrical constrains in a symbolic way
Looking for a 2-way synchronization software
Image viewer that lets you freeze rows and columns?
R package build server
Useful software to play back a song for playing in sync with on an instrument
Static analysis tool that catches dangerous captures
Best Free Alternative to Tableau
Total free web application (Scripts Store, DB store)
Integrated ecommerce and forum software applications
Notepad++ plugin for Prolog support?
IRC client for GNU/Linux which allows to show multiple chats in the same window
CPU/IO/RAM/Network monitoring in system tray for Kubuntu
Best CMS for muliti-language and accessibility?
Software for Data Management
Program to watch secondary monitor's picture in the main monitor
Incognito Android browser
CRM/helpdesk/billing/forum service (open source)
Basic shape transformation library
Auto-save on change in Notepad++
Plugin to count lines of code in PHPStorm
Easy, Automatic REST API for a SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc) Database or DaaS
Program to cut&save rectangles out of a scanned document
A software that helps in building up the calculation ability?
Didactic / simplistic operating system for mobile phones for learning purpose
Visual tool for browsing LMDB files
App that actively analyzes runs and gives training advice
Android voice recorder that will allow me to save to dropbox
Software to annotate EPUB files (with capability to export the annotations)
Cloud based inventory management
CMS / blog software for articles and videos
C++: Library that find the roots of polynomial
App that allows me to do an in-app image search
Force Skype to open on specific display
Bandwidth assign and monitoring software for Windows
Linux software for drawing star charts
Software to cut out rectangular photos from a scan
Which Windows edition to choose for re-distribution as part of a virtual machine
White Labeled Chat Sytems?
Android 2.3+: Secure chat program from F-droid
Tool to transform NMAP results to something RSA Archer consumes
How can I distribute decryption keys to servers?
OpenID / Identity provider for self-hosting
Off-line to-do list, alternative to Trello/Kanboard
Flowchart editor webapp (online)
Web app for simple image labeling
Corrupt file finder
How to screenshot a menu?
How to package an OSGI application with multiple configurations?
FTP server with http based administration gui for Linux
Flowchart editor for Windows/Mac/Linux, graphical, works offline
Bootstrap compatible responsive multi-level menu
Building a graphical interface to represent a set of workback schedules
Find WiFi hotspots on map, Windows desktop, offline storage
A version control for Word
Detecting mouse acceleration
Simple gantt-like timeline chart tool?
Material design framework
Alternative to Gmail when traveling to mainland China
Filebrowser that allows to see the most recently created file immediately
Delay notifications for a productive day
Cloud software for floor planning
Free, open source C# barcode generator library
Pdf reader + Latex with hyperlinks to references
Traffic logging similar to Statcounter
Tool for checking hardware and software compatibility with Windows 10
Display webpages in dynamic tabs
Android SMS gateway app
Light, fully functional browser for ARM Ubuntu netbook, 512MB ram
Application for streaming & downloading YouTube simultaneously
Drag and drop tool used for portlets of varying size?
CMS or Wiki for software documentation and user guides, offline mirroring possible
Online WYSIWYG website builder
Software for writing novels
Video editing plugin for Audacity or stand alone program
Twitter app for Windows 8
Open source Hebrew OCR
SKIP kanji search for Linux, usable offline
How to set border edges in HorizontalBarChartView
Are there any plugins for browser for changing website colors?
Solution for a pay-per-view type website that locks some users from info, unless they have a subscription
Online stock portfolio charts
IDE's (Integrated Development Environments) geared towards Web Development, for OS X
Is there a social network backend/cms that I can choose my CSS framework on?
Send walking ETA (estimated time of arrival) from Android
How can I use multiple input devices on a single computer?
Firefox extension to use multiple Stack Exchange accounts
Windows Phone browser with Ad-block support
Recommended Document Management Systems?
Open source products like ExtJs Gui Designer
An open source schedule system
Python GUI framework
Save "Visual VoiceMail" recordings on iPhone to sound files
Video of annotations
rainbow table generation software
Java ACH Payment File Libraries
Local HTML validation tool for Firefox
Open source todo and logging
screen recorder that saves incoming audio
Programming language to extract and analyse text and stats from online forums. MS Windows 7 -
What development environment or software can I use to debug HTML5?
Is there any app that would let me play Witcher 3 remotely?
Recommended software to draw figures?
MS SQL Express Monitor Software
Automate GUI interaction against directory of files
Digital signature software with mobile access
free tool to make a web application record and presentation
File Indexing tool for Solr
Javascript SVG Third-Party
Video editing software that allows side-by-side frame editing
Video meta/tag editor
Code clone detection software
Android application for mirroring screen to PC, does not need internet
Visual graph editor with background image and export to code
Good CMS for online books
Simple open source document scan/tag/catalog more lightweight than Alfresco
An open source alternative to Wolfram Alpha
Looking for IM Client that meets certain criteria
Javascript Library for Markup Controlled Animations
Kaomoji search engine
Recommended plugins in d3js for state diagram
.NET XMPP libraries for Xamarin
Configurable form to XML or JSON?
Android permissions manager
JS autocomplete with formatted entries in list
What service can email groups and keeps all members' emails private from each other?
Java embedded read-only key-value store for ~1 million records
Right click to tweet image (not link)
Aggregating content from Facebook and WordPress website to a weekly newsletter
Secure cloud-based solution to let customers fill and e-sign a PDF
Which DB to be use for desktop based java application
Resizable Keyboard that Takes Only Right Half of Screen
Web-based RSS feed reader similar to StumbleUpon
Tagging and categorizing very short texts
Cover switch effect for Mac OS X
Desktop Backup Software with Google Cloud Storage
Tools to monitor traffic over HTTP/2
Workflow and case management software
Local Development Databases
Search engine for MySQL product database with ~15k items
Free lightweight database program
Web application to run identical analysis on different datasets (questionnaires)
Backup for Windows 7 laptops
iPhone app to log, graph, store and export arbitrary user entered data
How to add voice-over to 3rd-party youtube videos? (play video and audio from diff. sources)
Embedd ICC profile in PDF
Tool that can create c++ structures from the tables of an SQLite database?
Collaborative tool for code reviews that accommodates remote teams
Command line tool to view and edit iTunes-specific ID3 tags
Lightweight Windows Software for Printing to PDF
Eclipse plugin to auto-upload a file to an SFTP server on save
Parallelized compression libraries with API
Staff timetabling software?
Webapp that helps me get feedback/collaborators for a software idea?
Easy to use HTML/CSS/JS builder for web design/development with minimal coding
Backup software to download MySQL (incremental) updates
Stand-alone ASP.NET monitoring tool
Any online service that can create mobile app showcase/presentations?
Cross-platform WebRTC development kit
Any libraries available for contact sync from multiple sources
Desktop email client alternative to Thunderbird
Choosing database for a review app
Offline Desktop Client for OpenStreetMap on Linux
An overlay file system implementation for Linux that can present modified meta-data?
Free feed reader for Android which allows editing of feeds
Relational Personal Media Explorer
Software to apply instagram like filters on Windows
Employee schedule program
Looking for a program that re-downloads setups
Online validator for W3Cs HTML5
Software to measure true distances on images on linux
Special search and replace software
Long screencast software
Software to track incoming calls & manage voice messages for our business?
Querying UMLS (Unified Medical Language System)
Virtualization Software for Windows
Static site generator that works like GitHub with blog features?
Online library for image annotation with arrows?
Photo editing app with Instagram like filters for Android
A software for creating a 3D spatial density map from large data points
Tool to validate the integrity of my data files
Resize app windows beyond display
Where to get the DOS version of "DataTalk" (for Aladin diving computers)?
Capturing sent/recieved internet packets through Android
Open source Computer Algebra System (CAS)
Free online bug tracker / to-do listing for personal use
A video editing app that has the option to blur or hide parts/areas (e.g. sensitive/personal data) of a video
Library to map Javascript classes to Java classes
Disassembler running on windows
WYSIWYG Visual Designer Javascript Library
Private CA management with browser-based self-service front end
Code block structure highlighting extension for Visual Studio
Bare bones replacement for <select> controls
Two phase email auto responder for WordPress
Application to download at specific time
Online schedule planner for single student lessons
Is there a tool to improve asp .net web forms automatically change control size
Library/script to do a sliding effect on a website
Automatic flexible deployment software
Free SMTP server for Windows Server 2008?
Visual cron GUI
Third party tools to scan ESX hosts, and retrieve the info, from inside my custom application
Replicate, Migrate, Transfer, Backup, Restore multiple Folder Paths & Subtree w/ or w/out ZIP, TAR Archiving
Android NFC reader/writer which supports multiple NDEF records
Software to measure stress on video card
Web api for random words
Configuration Management Service
Software to clean computer from all installations and private files - XP
JS Charts/Graphs Library that plays well with AngularJS?
Free way to encode videos for Internet Explorer
Java IDE for iPhone
Programming Library or Software to Allow User to View and Fill out Pdfs within a Windows 10 App
Simple Video Editor for Windows
Software to help me reconnect to the Internet without restarting Windows
Lightweight crypto library to verify a signature
Detecting changes in mouse sensitivity
iOS reminder from Safari
Free WYSIWYG xml editor for Mac (preferably cross-platform)
Video editor that is free for commercial use
AngularJs charting with treemap (and heatmaps would be nice)
Linux configuration automated integrity checking and versionning
Should I switch to AngularJS? (Angular vs Jquery)
Software to translate text entered in Chrome browser from English to Russian in real-time
Free/Open Source PPC Reporting Tool
Trello Command Line
IDE to develop AJAX (AngularJs and PHP)
Software to design/generate/customize a map for a Fantasy World
Linux alternative to Excel pivot table
ZenMate-like tool for Microsoft Edge or Windows 10
Code documentation system (like javadoc/pydoc etc), which is pluggable for less common languages (eg SAS)
Software to force installer/setup to run silently?
Android Contacts Backup (and Restore)
Looking for a free HTML / Javascript development environment wit syntax highlighting and FTP synchronization
Performant but memory efficient C hash map
How to find the old Google search result for a site that doesn't exist anymore?
TUI driver to run GFX/GUI programs under text console
Windows Media Center alternative
Game capture for Linux
Browser addition/script to ping me when site changes title
Android app to detect police or speed radar presence
Whole website downloader
Tiling window managers written for wayland
Blog prog allowing posts and comments to be accessed by owner using FTP, viewable ofline?
Is there a SQL system or wrapper that supports the actual standard as an abstraction?
Android app to track occurrences of multiple events
A standalone software, or plugin to clean up audio.
Android remote file browser for Ubuntu, graphical
Simulation of simple physics
Capybara like text search in Javascript
Google Chome Extension development Autocomplete Code
Tools for learning binary file formats
Bulk image resizer with definable sizes and methods
C++ library to solve a system of trigonometric equations
Software that acts like a photocopy transparency film for your monitor screen?
Wireshark capture file text filter
Concatenate podcasts
Looking for flashcard software with ability to show card in a few seconds like Biscuit app have
Android app that auto navigates automated telephone menus?
Android app to record the path and speed while driving
word processor with nested numbered lists which can be individually hidden
AngularJS app template with user registration and login
Convert point cloud raw data into Solid Edge or Solid Works 3D models
POS (Point of Sale) software / system for small shop - Free or Low Cost
Software after formatting to download what you need/want
Message scheduler for WhatsApp
Looking for electronic online proof management system
Software to draw Timing Diagrams from an input file
Web development editor with live preview with bi-directional edit support
Build a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW)
Software to wake up iMac when an AFP request is made from another computer?
A good library for SFTP/FTP functionality for Scala?
Self storage space rental software
Telnet client for Android
Private/privacy conscious calendar app for Android (and maybe contact manager) to replace Flock
Is there an app to cast a vote or favorite of Everything?
Substitute for ClamXav
C++, C++/CLI,C#, WPF TDD, mocking
Windows Remote Assistance Android client?
Time-management software to create series of activities & notify what activity to do now?
How can I share an iPython notebook privately?
Database solution for long term (horizontal) scalability
App for sketching on a tablet providing result in real-time to desktop clip-board
Self-hosted image archive for clients
Software to make math substitution animations
Issue tracker with visual dependency graph
Need Mindterm Equivalent for Android Lollipop
Limiting mobile data usage by application
Is there a Debian-based distro with only the core packages?
Audio Editing Podcatcher
Virtual fingerprint device for testing purposes?
Simple lossless video editor for Windows with MP4 support
Looking for a Good Mind Mapping Tool
Sending SMS from PC without splitting the message into parts
Script that allow me to export my Twitter stats periodically
Looking for a inBrowser WebPage Text or Content Editor
Copy url with screenshot
Looking for blackboard style note taking app (Scapple alternative)
CASE tool with decision support systems features
Portfolio Project Management option and strategies
Android file explorer for Ubuntu/Unity via USB, no app needed on Android
C# 64 bit WebP encoding library
Looking for super simple tree editor that is collapsable for planning large structures
Chrome extension for bookmarking links?
Envelope Budgeting on Linux
Multidimensional calendar/planning
Android keyboard with browser-like spell checking
Open source IT ticket system that works well with AD for authentication
iOS App for measuring rotation/attitude of the device
Free alternative(s) to the CodeAndWeb products?
Software to create a visual timeline/schedule of user story delivery
CLI tool for XML patching on C#
Program/Service to automatically backup Dropbox
Software to search inside an EPUB file?
software for privacy preserving data mining or cryptography
Is there a software with the purpose to create scientific posters?
OneNote dark theme
Automatic Brightness Adjuster with Enviromental Light detection for PC?
Open source software to record all windows user activity
Advanced OS X Charting Tool
Djvu reader with drawing and writing support for annotations?
I need a JS based app launcher that can launch any third party web apps
Group inbox mail in Thunderbird (like Office 360)
CAD software for Meccano models building and simulation
Does R have non-linear optimization package(s) that scale well on cluster?
Can't find any client software to allow employees to access network via Cisco VPN for Windows
Forecast number of products that can be made given bill of materials
Hostable chatroom that is accessible from multiple services
Tool to search for files in multiple ISO files
Java library for scraping websites
Make CSS code into Structured Code
GUI scipting for Linux
Software for technical drawings
Wireless syncing between PC and android phone but with a preview
Software for determining known text cipher type and key
Email oriented HTML WYSIWYG
Simple notes manager with sections
How can I develop a web app that's as good as a native mobile app?
What software do I use to process year by year calculations for large datasets?
Prompt for copy/move in Windows Explorer
Display 4 PDFs or more, always updated
Free/inexpensive beat grid drum machine plugins for GarageBand?
Disk Activity for Windows 7 (and optional Windows XP)
Recommend - a Unified Email Inbox, Should be accessible on web (web based) & Android
Private foursquare (or custom open-ended survey)
Which software to draw figures?
Libre ShrinkPDF for Windows
Modern Java Look and Feels
Spreadsheet with rowspan?
GUI framework for Testing embedded firmware
Small crypto library in C
Presentation recommendation
Specific IDE for "Design on the browser"
Android app to OCR and then translate a scanned document
I need software for small library
Backup software with encryption and suitable for network drives
Granular document management and creation tool
Alternative to "Decreased Productivity" browser extension
Software for fast switching (only keyboard) to specific window
Open-source location based services system
Is there any alternative software for JSON Studio?
Program/Service to manage Golf club
High performance, self-hosted, minimal cloud storage solution
Clone multisession DVD
Local flash slideshow that reads images within a directory
What service(s) can I use to get Book information from ISBN in C#?
A keylogger that doesn't have to be installed
GNU/Linux-based alternative to AD CS
Virtual Machine and/or emulator for Android
Encrypt then sync your files to ANY cloud storage as secured offsite backup?
full free library that reads doc .net 2.0
iOS photo viewing app that allows me to manually organize the order of images
Web event App with API (since Facebook Event by API unavailable)
PuTTY/ZOC/SecureCRT equivalent for Linux
Free WYSIWYG DITA editor
Free WYSIWYG DocBook editor
PHP CMS for admin'ing content
Image to text converter
Stand Alone Accounting Systems vs ERP with Finance Module
Roundcube plugin for notes
Roundcube plugin for file storage
Software for making disk images? (Commercial or free)
In-browser object which is a proxy for an object on a NodeJS server
What software tools can I use to track the execution of test procedures in a manufacturing setting?
JDBC Connection Pool
Software that can recognize the paragraph structure of a scanned handwritten text
Free Video maker that can animate pictures
VoIP Network Test App for Android
Count alphabets in a crossword game
Python Django with MongoDB with Hadoop
Disk management tool/suite for Windows disks and flash media (application, not LiveCD)
Record audio from YouTube videos
Note-taking app with Markdown & code snippets (Web app or OS X)
Search git-annex tags / metadata and file content
Ontology validator
Manage and monitor internet traffic in remote computers
Generic/configurable Android app to share browser URLs to website/api
Calise (camera light sensor and adjuster) for Windows?
What can perfectly convert EPUB to PDF?
internet blocker for windows 7
Backup form FTP to a Cloud-service
Checkbook-like register for credit card purchases?
Android browser that will load an SSLv3 page?
sites for research notepad online
Program or library to read an Excel-based schedule hourly and read content out loud
Any similar *native* alternative to Sparx Systems' Enterprise Architect on OS X?
Which browser to choose
Serial port data parsers ( PC based ) application
Document Triage platform
C#-Framework for extending Resource-File-Usage
Looking for a no-cost music streaming app for Android which includes an "offline mode"
Continuous Integration that can set up VMs with my Django + PostgreSQL project?
Command line tool to copy files with verification
Back-up software for Windows
Creating Blueprints for Robocraft
Simple Android app to display CPU clock and CPU load
What are external tools for testing thread safety in Ruby and Rails?
Java library to create PDF documents with Acroforms (Free + gratis)
Self-hosted synchronisation server for GTG (Getting Things Gnome 0.3.1)
What is a good free/open source virus/malware/etc. scanner for use on a Linux server, which also checks for Windows threats?
Database software recommendation
I'm searching for a software for reading pdf files on the pc
DMS (document management system) in which I can use my own branding
To-Do app that repeats tasks weekly even though tasks are completed for the day
Intranet solution (enterprise portal) with trophies/achievements functionality?
Program to draw a list with some dotted lines indicated the hierarchical structure
Free mind mapping software that supports RTL text
bare metal crypto library
Firefox extension to copy multiple selected tabs' hyperlinks in a custom format via keyboard shortcut
Software to hyperlink selected text in PDF to pages WITHIN the same PDF
Open-source business event logger/statistics tool which can integrate easily with Spring applications
CSS front-end framework for Apps that doesn't rely on any JavaScript framework
Looking for Windows-based software for opening a WireShark .dump file w/o WireShark
Meditation app for Android with minimal permissions
Android app to force the screen to turn off regardless of foreground app
Android app to force sleep mode regardless of foreground app
Which software is suitable to project a video on a virtual hollow sphere?
Application to compile a single book from fanfiction.net chapters
Project management plugin that provides gantt charts, issue dependencies for Github
Looking for an image carousel-type application
Frameworks/libraries that help turn 3D data into 2D shapes
Tool to capture all config changes
General purpose issue tracker including Visual studio integration
Geospatial Projects Management System/Software for multiple concurrent Projects
Keep track of TV shows
Looking for a replacement for Adobe reader
Program to run java code step by step, to learn java
Leaving a voice message by typing a text
Stitching images to create a montage
What software can I use to voice chat with my players while also being able to reproduce SFX comfortably?
Twitter app that creates reading lists?
"Hacker" utility: space-efficient embedding a file into JPEG file container
(Belgian) payment providers for both credit cards and Bankcontact/Maestro
Offline bookmark synchronizer for Chrome
Open Source Network Simulator
Is there BootVis-like application for Windows 10
Image and information database/management software
Free software for tutoring remotely?
Android simple text note app with encryption to SD and plain-text export
Wrapping software into a suite of unlockable sub-applications via product keys
Is there an alternative to deepfreeze?
Linux text editor w/ text formatting & image support
Bulk Sorting and Data Extraction from Scanned PDF
Cellular data use broken down by time and app / real time data alerts
Software to archive desired websites like wayback machine of Internet Archive?
Open-source web clipper for Firefox
Prevent the predictive text from learning a set of words
Screen capture tool showing clicks and keypresses
Free Software Updater for Windows
Simulating the impact of wind on an electronically controlled turbine
Specialized audio recorder for Android
Make Windows act as a hardware mouse through USB?
Alert if available RAM is too low
Are there any cross platform mobile application Advertising APIs
Is there a Windows Phone alternative for the Android game MoveIt?
Custom html page on Android Lockscreen
Historical data on a driving route
Open-Source Webmail Client Alternative to Gmail
Schedule appointment based off compatibility of two private Google calendars
Python or C++ network library for web scraping with Tor
Update on URL Validator for Java
Explicit content image filtering/detection
Image Viewer for multiple images side-by-side
Tabbed (Tab-bar-ed) txt file editor osx
Lightweight CI server to integrate with GOGS
Android app to execute a script in background only
Software Recommondations to keep track of forum posts
Hosted app for a family newsletter
Java Open Source Imaging Library as a substitute to the JAI
NPY file viewer
Free Alternative to iTunes iPhone/iPad sync
I know there are websites which can help me find a cuddle friend. But is there any Android app which can help?
Logfile viewer that is able to consecutively remove uninteresting loglines
Desktop-native graphical db management tool for RethinkDB?
Android automation app to execute an action when a volume key is pressed but should not show ringer volume slider
C++ library like Python BeautifulSoup
Viewer for Python pickle files
Cross-platform citation/manuscript management software for academics
Efficient IT asset management software
Lua code statistics program/plugin
Online poll for on website that lets users add new options? (without big ads)
Forward all emails into a Gmail account
Android app which forwards all incoming SMSes to my email address
Text search a directory tree - without needing to create any type of index beforehand
Fast PDF printer software to print 2 pages per sheet
Certification tracking software
Windows video editing software to add color rectangles to particular frames
Best tools to develop using the AMD pattern and build a minified file without it
What is a good program for remote acces to a layman's computer
Cross platform podcatcher with a play history
My voice is naturally nasal! Is there any app to change my recorded voice?
Zero-fill unused space on a hard drive
Simple audio editor (to double the volume and cut)
Form Builder for web
Note manager like programmers IDE
Distributed, indexed regular expression search
Free Webflow-like site creator
Alternative to AdSense that allows ad refresh when user interacts with site
Remote desktop for Windows 10 IoT
Recommendation for personal database (Bento replacement) for iOS and OS X
Firefox or Chrome plugin to open Word Online files in LibreOffice on Linux?
Is there a git-like Google Drive client for Windows?
App that can change your voice into different characters voices
Is there a free-to-use alternative to Photoshop for Windows?
Diff for HTML pages
Android stock launcher, just without the Google Now search bar
A good open-source directory/org chart software
Dealing with malicious js in html5 banners
End-to-end encrypted calendar software
PDF organizer like ACDsee rather than Mendelay
Javascript MVC/ AJAX Framework for non-app sites
What photo editing software to run on slow netbook laptop?
HTML5, JS and CSS export to standalone desktop app
Utility for navigating between Spaces (virtual desktops) in the same manner as dragging windows between Spaces, in OS X
Event guide, workflows, and automation
Replace Adobe RTSP with html5 and websockets for livestreaming
Cross-platform web browser which allows to sync saved pages across devices
Personal links/database manager that allows to add preview images for items
SQL Server client for Ubuntu
Android app to create nested folders on home screen
Online tool for drawing organic compounds and exporting to SVG?
Freeware EMF image editor
Please recommend an Android game which encourages me to move around while I play
Software for creating 2D Animations in Web-friendly format
self hosted page2rss alternative
Android app to import multiple offline calendars from .ics file
Android app to backup one or more offline calendars
Apps for car safety?
MS-DOS file sharing
Android calendar app that does not use stock Android Calendar Storage
Where to start building simple database to streamline analysis for community organization?
2x1 weather forecast widget for Android
Profiling tools for Android NDK app
Patch or software to replace the ugly Windows clock?
Offline Japanese to English Translator with Command Line Support
Apps for car safety?
Browser plugin to fill in form fields based on the id or name attribute matched against a regular expression?
Web app to analyze domain name quality?
Image recognition
User-friendly xml parsing libarary for c/c++ application supporting default values for attributes not specified
Software for an internal Knowledge Base, with support for existing documents
Is there a free tool which can reset a Windows 10 syskey password?
Software to play a tone and show me when I hit it when singing
Very simple ordered set (or pack) implementation in C
Are there any Survey Monkey like offerings with APIs for integrating with existing websites?
Automatic generation of images from mockup
Secure bookmark sync, "secure xmarks"?
Free Alternative to Logger Pro
Choose which program(s) should be killed when out of RAM
Software to parse an .ics calendar file
File comparison software for large amounts of drawing files
Looking for open source video making (from still images) software for Windows
JavaScript to add search to a directroy tree of HTML files - OFFLINE
Share mouse to linux from windows
Find calls to typed functions which do not check the return value
Cross-browser compatibility software
Free structure diagram (mind-mapping or flowchart) software for high-quality publications
Hiking tracking app which does not keep phone wakelocked during tracking? (or makes far less pinpoints per hour)
Music playback software similar to iTunes with FLAC support
*Portable* static blog generators that run on Win7 x64?
Standalone .NET memory profiler
Email client which supports multiple account and 1 archive per account
Java library to manipulate sound files
AngularJs combined date & time picker
Software for converting an HTML page to PSD with layers
Looking for a trustworthy, up-to-date, cheap, legally moddable/hackable/tinkerable mobile phone OS
Use picture as a map on Android
Pizza and Hamburger PC game simulator
Lightweight teaching tool (alternative to Moodle)
Looking for a software to shrink 12 hour long video to 5 minutes video
Free cash Point of Sale (PoS) software sought
Software to get videos for different angles from a 360 degree video
TLS reverse proxy with client certificate validation?
Chrome Extension to save Ctrl+F find in page history
Preserving existing comments when parsing, modifying and dumping a YAML document
Virtual scanner for documents and images
Is there a music player for linux that can sort based on multiple tags at the same time, including ID3v2 Date/TYER tag?
Cut Software to cut 3D STL Files for smaller printers
Google Photos alternative
Create books using HTML5 and CSS3/print media
Speech recognition engine in Dutch
Paper records management software with barcodes
Strong json desktop editor
Free exam builder with randomization of answers?
Free online tool for sending RSS to Kindle 3?
MySQL replication or Microsoft Sync Framework
Program to build and update a static blog (Windows)
Solution for text-to-speech (TTS) accessible by pure Python
Taking unblurry pictures with Parkinson on Android
Java library for threshold signatures
Create PDF from Firefox
(open source) course management web software
Content repository with versioning and full-text search capabilities
Credential manager
Tools for JavaScript-based image manipulation?
Non-Visual Studio alternative to Active Template Library (ATL)
Qt file manager with undo
User Manager with Download access documents with documents groups role assign
Software to easily add an image to a PDF document
Simple Software for drawing shapes
Web browser, that handles problems in a usable way
open source soap engine for c#
Graphical annotation software that hides small / huge text
PDF presentation software with preview of next slide and annotations
Numpy-like interface to dynamic lists
Windows 7 alarm clock
Looking for a JavaScript library that can represent linked data
Very lightweight crossplatform webview that supports javascript
Time-tracking software, Google-calendar-style
Screen capture software for Windows XP?
OSX capture window CONTENTS w/o title bar OSX cruft
Recognize music song played to headphones (Shazam only listens to microphone)
Photo/Image distribution system
Data analysis software connecting to excel
Application Lifecycle Management for small university software project
Software KVM switch for Ubuntu, Windows, and Mac
Automatically change Gmail signature by recipient
Free XML IDE (alternative for Stylus Studio)
Communication system for web app
Landscape company needs scheduling software
Trial version maker
I need a software to automate routine tasks on windows 8
Step-by-step manual system test
Mechanical simulation software for additive manufacturing
IDE for IPython
What tools can create a clickable dot/bubble for a user tutorial on a website?
Is there any task-based lib like TBB in C?
Free XPS file viewer and editor
Media player with 1> built-in delete functionality and 2> avoid duplicate entry in playlist
Offline alternative to OneNote / Evernote
Software similar to iTerm2 but for Windows powershell?
A (preferably zoomable) graph/network program I can use to map mathematics
Android app to show all the available widgets in a vertical layout and should be able to place them on home screen
Server software for collaborative math?
Aforge.Net FFMPEG alternative
CMS for medium-sized enterprise websites
Desktop-based personal wiki
Tool to forward a localhost port to the Internet
Ruby gem to escape HTML tags that aren't in a whitelist?
Free shift swapping software
Software for arranging logical gates
Software that monitor and summarize power consumption of the computer
Tool to track tweets?
Looking for intelligent marketing automation tool
Is there an Android app similar to RunAsDate for Windows?
open source DNS management
Detect song by it's instrumental version
Web service to alert me if my server fails
Pneumatic circuit drawing software for Linux
Natural language generation for Japanese
Exception notification package in Python
Check for broken links behind a login wall
CMIS .NET Open Source Server Side Library
Launcher or home screen which simply populates the home screen with the most frequently used apps for Android
Is there some Android app to scroll/zoom battery history?
Summarise a feed and send email in the end of the day
Software to efficiently manage my office work
How to listen/download podcasts onto an older iPod?
Email List / Hosted Listserv / Google Groups / Yahoo Groups alternative
Xscope similar tool for Windows
What tool can I use to manage my budget, transactions and bills?
Way to display pdf files in webpage that works in Internet Explorer with no add-ins
Eclipse plugin to align the equals signs on multiple lines
Real time Earth globe
Gym management software
REST client for Firefox with "Projects" feature (equivalent for Advanced Rest Client)
Searching for Root-mode SSH Server for 64 bit Android v5 and above
Media player with mouse-selectable subtitles (for copy and paste)
Title and credits creation software
Accommodating the Great Firewall of China
Photography Community Database
Calculator software to solve simple equations
Interactive office coffee machine tally sheet
Simplest way to send money in a PayPal account using the credit card, without any accounts
Free Software to create ISO from Folders
Tool for online source compilation?
Alternative to Acoustica Mixcraft for Chrome OS
Free Context Menu Editor for Windows 10
How to monitor data theft from our android phone via internet
English to Tamil Translator for Windows application
Video player with the option to see a small window in the corner
Return unique report/list/table based on user entered criteria pushed through series of decision trees
Open source defect tracker which is gamified
HD video conferencing and HD screen sharing at an acceptable frame rate
Software to download FC2 videos on Linux
CPU monitoring software - Windows
Software for working with Interactive response system
Open source Tool for modeling a Firebird database
Is there a full XMPP client, for any mobile? [that sends/receives files, etc., like PC clients do]
Service/software for websites which collects affiliate links from online retailers
Android calendar app with an easy option to reschedule tasks to the following day
App to automatically tap when certain notifications/screens are shown?
Program that zips a group of files into sized chunks, each openable individually
See CPU use history as a graph in a Linux shell
Is there a javascript plugin that can behave like a text editor?
Free/ AUD Backup Solution
Open-Source MQTT Broker in Java
Desktop CMIS explorer, real-time access without caching/synchronization
Cross-platform ebook collection
Time sensitive free startup manager
What do would you recommend for Java code analysis (if anything)?
Software to identify music being played in the sound card output
Transfer data between two Windows GUIs
Plankalkl compiler / interpreter
C++ wrapper for sqlite3, alternative to sqlite3pp
Tool to identify the sources of compile-time memory consumption
Plotting neural networks
Which framework can I use to create a website?
Cross-platform offline mindmapping
Is there any Python based network simulator which can be use to design protocols?
View PDF Documents like Magazines in HTML5
GPS location spoofing, excluding selected apps
Home security system for android, with automatic friend/foe detection
Free GUI website builder for Windows 10
Push notification for weather forecast in natural language
Window manager with cropping, pinning and popup?
Need textbox xmlview component for c#
Parse the body of a large number of emails
Transform all text into a cryptic font when someone's behind my back
Multi-master file synchronization
Screen capture software for streaming video
E-tender system
Open source notes app for iOS with website
Android app that captures location of field staffs (for monitoring)
What data backup software provides these specific features?
What tools are available for managed file transfer?
Open vector editor for Mono on Linux
Offline collaborative whiteboard/sketchboard
Transforming sentences into questions
Schedule generating calendar software
Atmel AT91RM9200 compilers on Windows
A suitable JavaScript graph library for showing results of partial differential equations
Keep HSPA+ connection up
File indexing and search library/API for .Net applications
Firefox plugin to view a site's mobile view on desktop
Easily scripted audio splitter
Alternative to Apache::Quota to limit xfer size per remote IP
Diff tool for JSON files?
Is there an Apple Watch app allowing me to display full-screen image?
Display emails from specific sender as "Simple HTML"
Is there a low-effort online sprint planning tool I can use to manage small student-project teams?
Alternative to UnRAR.dll
Track Performance of Angular App with Python
Cheap software/app to publish interactive graphs (like Excel's Pivot Charts) online
Pre-configured OpenVPN Client Distribution Tool
Open-source/free alternative to Camtasia?
WordPress DMS plugins/software?
Edit XML like a sheet from Excel
Screen reader supporting the load of the html cite= attribute
I need a POP3 to Office 365 connector
Terminal emulator with SSH command that works in Lollipop (PIE)
Free PHP link exchange script
What software should I use for dual booting Windows 10 and Ubuntu 15.04?
Record my Android screen as GIF movie
Defect Management Tool for Outsourced Testing Operation
Tracking software for movies watched, episodes seen, games played, etc
Light, client OS with minimal features such as Firefox only and ICA client
Text/call on computer through phone
Basic membership system
Two Factor Authentication Client for Windows 10
Expression Language that has libraries for Java and .NET
Light stable browser for Windows
Syntax highlighting of diffs of code
A simple and elegant language/framework for text game design
Alternative to Sony DVD Architect Pro 6.0
Open Source alternative to Wit.ai
Encryption Software for a running system
Utility to allow choice of editors for a given file extension
Voice modifier software
Software for tracking/tweaking medication efficacy
Software for managing comparison of softwares
Alternative to Windows's file/folder search
Is there any software that tells precise location of a phone number?
Notifications library (Java), app (native), and service for delivery to iOS, Mac, Android, etc.
Sniffing and Analysing Internet Usage via Port Mirroring
What are some nice software for customer event/activity analytics?
Find next matching <span> bookmarklet for Chrome
Tool for managing testcases
Parsing emails with Python3
Multiple monitors slideshow
Simple Non-Linear Programming Software
GUI Hosts File Editor for Windows
CLI tool to use fanotify
GPU accelerated neural networks
Software for auto parts management
How can I share my terminal through a web browser?
Concat and stream multiple mkv files from a DVR
Tool for generating graphics from lists (like Microsoft's SmartArt)
XMPP or LAN messenger where pasted images are directly shown to recipient
Personal finances management calendar
Jailbreak tweak to enable split-screen multitasking on iPad Air
Self-hosted platform for selling pictures (photo stock agency)
Software for syncing my Wattpad reading progress on Goodreads?
x86 emulator in JavaScript to run Linux, Windows or DOS
Vector graphics editor for Linux
Existing Software that can parse emails and expect emails within a grace period
Gratis alternative to MailSuite Pro for linux
JAVA obfuscator
Chat history database
Windows recycle bin extension to delete files older than 30 days
Create backups of currently running outlook express .ost file
Drop-down note taker for Android
Animation and rendering software with CAD-import options
Podcast downloader for Windows 7, running in the background
Pipeline software or frameworks for moving data from logstash to Redshift?
Open source web-based disk space analyzer (to adapt it to my remote protocol)
Multi-level pie chart, JavaScript open source
GUI Library for Ruby supporting Linux
An intelligent duplicate file finder for Linux
Is there a network config TUI that supports HTTP proxies?
Trying To Find The Most Suitable Software Fit For This Task - SAS/MATLAB/R/?
Linux-like terminal for Windows
Software that joins multiple subtitle files that can be synced with video after joining
Collaboration platform with restricted fields / roles for school reports
GUI to Postfix configuration
Development Environment for Providing Small Business Desktop Solutions
Automatic magnifying software or Chrome Extension
Looking for a program that can redirect all Hard drive "Write" commands to second hard drive
Command-line tool to copy image from file into clipboard along with DPI information
What can I use to automatically send sms texts before calendar events?
Apache log viewer / analyzer for OS X?
OpenID provider for single user (self-hosted and free/libre)
Software to find free street car parking in UK
Firefox per-tab image block
Monitor bandwidth used per site
Overlay an image or PDF with images, text, and polygons in browser
Linux command-line .flac tag editor
Which version of Visual Studio Meets our Requirements?
Free software to look at CANbus messages on a Windows PC
Sublime Text plugin with live preview for LaTeX
Android app to alert me when offline for a long time
Email client to answer multiple emails with same reply
Fortran Code Metric Tools
crypto notes service
Auto-increase number on top of receipt design
Complaint/Incident Resolution System
Software to remove all empty space from an audio recording
Eclipse plugin with live preview for LaTeX
Is there any file sync software that can sync all my servers/clients (no GUI)?
Foreign words memorization app
Image slide show viewer for Windows with discreet image switching
Software for fast review videos stills and grab screenshots
Looking for a Geometry Manipulation library
Free online video editor to add pictures
Web app for online auction site?
Open-source song/music recognition on Android? (alternative to Shazam/Soundhound)
Intelligent news feed software
Smart TV / DLNA video streaming software
Disable recommendation bar on YouTube
Firefox plugin to flash line when scrolling a page at a time
How can I share my clipboard across my devices?
Open source tools to automate QT application which is running on Windows, OSX, IOS,Android and Chrome Extension
Tool to interface/synchronize between database (Postgresql) and filesystem (Linux/Ubuntu)
Maintaining and printing an employee picture gallery
Software or approach for cataloging external hard drives' content on OS X
Open source Linux distribution with LTS
Open source Android music player that supports Opus codec/files
Professional Open Source Video Editor
Backup software that allows full / differential / incremental backups of the same source to separate destinations
One-line real-time CPU & memory usage report terminal tool
Better Steam Store (Windows application or website)
Java Bible app for LG306G
Can anyone suggest me a package in Python for running panel data?
CMS that Publishes to Static File
Share and update URL to a remote browser
I need a software to format all HDDs on boot
Facial recognition for my proprietary picture tagging?
A non-GPL .NET library for non-linear Support Vector Regression?
Format Preserving Encryption tool for Android and iOS?
Open Source SQL Static Code Analysis Tool
Visual LaTeX editor with citation management
Lightweight email client with synchronized IMAP folder and filter enable
App/Library implementing PayPoint's 3rd generation PSP (a.k.a Advanced Payments)
Library to embed a form on a website site to automatically post on Stack Exchange
FLOSS software to write PDF/A-2 with JPEG2000 compression?
Free image viewer with folder tracking to display latest image automatically
Gallery of Qt stylesheets?
Finding duplicate images using SIFT / SURF algorithm
Free WAV to MP4 converters for Windows?
2 player shooting type co-op game
Script to use WebRTC for failover (load resources from peers when server busy)
Email client for catch-all accounts
Translate by moving mouse curser over word (similar to TranslateIt!)
is there a "dashboard" app that can give me a status summary of all the local git repositories on my filesystem?
Adware For Windows 7/8/Server 2008
ManicTime alternative for Mac
Service that check if my port is down
Software for accessing documentations offline
Free WHOIS web service
A small OS that will boot under UEFI and wipe partitions on hard drives
ODBC administrator software for OS X?
RPG Tool: Way to manage world factions and events
Web-based or hosted remote access software
Is there a fuzzy string match library for Haskell?
Time Log/User Login Tracking Software
Mind mapping tool that supports many parents OR task manager tool that supports many dependencies between tasks and also visualizing tasks as a graph?
Android YouTube player to play hidden private playlists in the background
generate documentation for sockets
Open source software for document management in Linux?
FLOSS PDF reader conforming to ISO-32000-1
Is there a two-way streaming file system or cloud provider that would allow offloading files from my local hard drive to a NAS or the cloud?
Windows 7 Emulator for MAC OS X
How to open this file
Keep track of how much I type
Blu-ray burning application for PC
Software or websites for finding people with similar interests
Online note taking with Markdown and revisions (saved in server filesystem)?
Library to help parse cTAKES output
Offline password manager for Windows Phone
Audio email client
Is there a ManicTime alternative for Linux?
Any nice web scraping libraries for Julia?
FullStack JS Framework with Live Database data
Program that renders MIDI compositions
Open source server side for Android's calendar
Alternative to LastPass
Linux-based log analyzer for Windows system logs
A web-based, realtime shader editor with support for custom textures
Windows PDF viewer that lists highlighted TEXT (as on mac)?
What Haxe game engine do you prefer?
Canceling a window resizing operation on Windows 7
Async Queue between Database and Browser
Plagiarism detector software (local or online)
Library to crawl Ajax-based websites fast
Backup/restore data multiple sets of data for selected Android apps
Edit google apps scripts with IntelliJ-IDEA
Mac Software that launches and keeps applications running (for kiosk)
Software application that packages DOS application for Windows?
Tool to delete browser history permanently
As a Java Build System Developer, I want to Minimize Build System Downtime
Which virtualization applicaton is compatible with regular antiviruses?
Tracking disk I/O by application in Windows from the cmd
Is there a way to make incremental backups of an Android phone  without using ClockworkMod Recovery, and without buying any paid app?
Customise Maximize button on Mac
Offline code browser for Android
Single sign-on password manager with multi-field (Firefox) support
What's a good, simple, bare-metal (or thin) hypervisor suitable for a home server?
SDI text editor similar to Notepad, but less buggy
API for an iOS app to connect and control a GoPro Hero camera?
Online flexible survey constructor (maybe kind of decision making software)
Software tool for practical XOR comparisons (ASCII and HEX)
Explorer plugin to view/edit files inline
Good photo browser on Windows for 8K resolution?
Mp3 tag editor that can import a csv file?
Forwarding a call received on mobile network via a voip app
A cheaper alternative to ManicTime (time tracking) with no online features
Syntax highlighting for python output?
Generate summary of .NET project
Which reference manager to use in alternative to Mendeley?
FTP Server for Android
Extracting features from chessboard
Portable, no-admin, no-install, Win/Linux USB encryption/decryption on the go
Which video stabilizer keeps the horizon?
Python library to display Venn diagrams
What video player in Linux allows to play backwards
Single page shopping cart
A C code beautifier that does *nothing* by default?
Free tool for setting PDF display flags
Report generator to send performance pie charts to customers by email
LibreOffice dictionary and spell checking in other languages? (without Java)
C# SDK for videocalls
SSH client for Windows with tabbed terminal console
Testing popular Chinese Browsers
Android app for feedback on plosives and sibilance?
CMS with review, approval and revision
Send and receive one-off faxes within the UK?
Warning when I am calling too much per month
Windows software to automatically trim edges of photographs of documents
Library to generate a scaled, 4-set Venn diagram
A Database Management System that understands Relational Algebra Queries
Linux software to handle external Self-Encrypted Drives
Log file monitoring tool
Bill of materials service
Android App to switch to one handed keyboard on specific events
Client-side solutions for cloud-synced calendars and contacts
Collaborative reading of a PDF (+ chat)
Utility to strip parts of C header based on defines
Windows application that compare two similar pictures and find the difference
Scikit learn for R
Install windows 7 on a VM running in Windows 7
Point Of Sale and an integration for POS, Magento, and Quickbooks Enterprise
Website or browser plugin to see email as chats
Network Utils Library
Customizeable solution base for "configurator" based on a defineable items catalog?
WordPress Plugin to fix rotation problem on iPhone videos
Tools to help determine if a web site / web app is compromised?
Software for management of portfolio application
Simple program to cut videos without ANY loss of quality for Windows, Linux or Android
Java command line SQL interface
Application to create custom icon theme on Windows 7
Which is the best method to GUI-monitoring of a python simulation?
LibreOffice Calc: Highlight table row and column on mouse pointer (cross-hairs effect)?
Task management app that can automatically create tasks based on event types
Integrating a referral program with email collection
Android app which scans while camera moves
Sync Facebook on different Android devices to avoid getting duplicate notifications
Software to publish transcripts in multiple languages
Scientific / Chemistry search interpreting
Crop and de-skew scans automatically - scriptable, high-volume
Software to share GPU resources for (Houdini) rendering
Audio editing CLI application that can fuse multiple wav files into a new one?
Best solution for open and edit .db files?
Multi author CMS
Is there software to convert Pagemaker to any document format (doc, docx, or odt)?
Easiest way to upload screenshot to Facebook?
How to show PowerPoint presentation while seeing the notes on other computer?
Looking for a self-hosted software to track where I'm spending my time while I'm using my devices
Exceeding the maximum volume on a Mac
Multimedia search engine with low footprint
Convert a .bbl file to a .bib file
Upload and store large files
Microsoft Access to MySQL Database Converter
Free simple TODO app with popups
Seeking Jenkins plugins for C/C++ code
Tool for grading programming assignments
Technology stack for a Linux hosted web application
Office network instant messenger recommendation?
Web-based document archival
Recommended Software for Invoicing, with Customer & Order Databases?
Android app that lets me set daily tasks with alarms and offset the time of a group of tasks
XLIFF file Comparison / Tracking for windows and export diff
Program to get public link from image automatically
Convert a Google Doc to more beautiful format, but still editable
What free audio file converters for Windows 7 support the broadest amount of sound file formats?
Make Google Doc into editable form or table embedded in website
Bluetooth manager for Windows
Multi-channel PR tracking webapp
Geographical assignment of input data to consumers, based on business-defined areas
UX theme patcher that works for Windows 10 Insider Preview build 10656?
Anki app for Windows Phone
Free PDF printer without ads
C++ library for IMAP
Banner rotator, different image for each subsequent visitor
Viewer for huge CSV files which don't fit in memory
Javascript playground from URL or with all data in the HTTP request?
App to manage your cloud files?
Online Service for measuring IQ
Alternative to Tajpi that types Esperanto characters?
Auto-Pagination for Google Chrome in 2015?
What apps can turn an android phone into bluetooth keyboard and mouse/touchpad?
Looking for Software that does "Part Oriented" Text File Encryption and/or Archive File Encryption
Diet tracking android app
Software for knowing the time spent on Kindle device?
Is there any framework or library for managing dependencies of data processing?
App to detect chipset
presentation about software archtitecture
Web service to convert location & datetime to UTC
shutil.chown() for Python2
Community Clip alternatives software for windows 10
iOS app to resize / scale images
Alternative to Apache Tiles in pure HTML solution
Display all times at which a cron job runs
Website template with backend coding
Run a command upon face detection
Convert Excel to GeoJson in Java
Move selected string to resource files addon for visual studio
Simple 'New Post' WordPress email notification plugin?
Extract circuit from schematic image
Neural network package for strategy and games
Good automatic image annotation software?
Grammar driven IDE?
What I can use to perform reliable screencasts / webinars for many people?
How to make chart for large data set of 5 billion records
Web-based movie collection manager hosted on Linux
Whole disk encryption on a tablet (that has no pre-boot keyboard)
Will the EFI Developer Kit 2 create .efi files from Intel syntax assembly code?
Android app to record screen unlock times and dates to a log file?
Choosing right node.js server side framework for game development
Delete all but the most recent copy of a file in a directory tree
Linux remote desktop over SSH (alternative to FreeNX)
Visualisation Software red/green
Contract Management
Reliable website scraper working with URL parameters such as ?page=3
Free, non dodgy program to convert OS disks to ISOs
Which database to use for tracking URL visits?
OCR convert scanned pdf questionnaires into records (csv, database)
Create an online (video conference) class
Basic network connectivity report (Windows)
Parameter value coverage for C++
Software to use as front-end for a SQL database?
Comparison/Review Website Software
Scheduling tool that shows people's overlapping calendar availability?
Possible code or library for 2D convolution in C++?
Extract content of iPhone backups
Open source for online test assessment
Local CI-like tool
Self-hosted "pastebin" application with ability to disallow anonymous pastes
Framework to develop a WordPress theme, with Responsive Bootstrap/FontAwesome/Google Maps
Note taking applications when learning about programming?
Cassandra-backed persistence layer for ActiveMQ (Qsandra alternative)
Bookmarklet that saves web page as-is and provides a link to it?
Linux utility to have two TCP server sockets talk to each other
Google plugin for Eclipse
Always-on visual indicator to denote elevated processes in Windows
Transfer date from filename to metadata "date taken" tag
Framework for consuming REST services from .NET
Android application to record reminders of what to talk about to specific people
Using left- and right-handed mouse at the same time
Sync calendars and contacts between Thunderbird on Ubuntu and Android
Software for creating application help files
Standalone flash player that can start full screen
Google Chrome installation that doesn't contain unwanted software and doesn't hook in the system?
Software to quickly join many JPG images into one PDF without recompressing
hybrid interpreted compiled language
Voice recording while taking note
WordPress pop-up plugin - takes to link when closed
Virtual mouse for Android
Windows 10 screenshot tool with controllable font anti-aliasing?
OS X client for Trello that supports keyboard shortcut to create new card
Best in-game overlay for Skype, Steam, and web-browsing
Backup software for automatic mirroring folders from one drive to another?
Attractions around a specific route
Ebook library management for OS X
Windows image viewer with sidebar for photos from different folders
Track keyboard entries for matching strings
Program to show programs that are currently starting (in queue)
Membership management software with events
Portable encryption software for USB stick
Open-source linux alternative for Flash (as an animating tool)
Is there any software that can convert real time music into MIDI music?
Commercial Python IDE
Add screen of a laptop to another one when both are on Windows 8
HVAC selection software
Image search software on Mac and Windows?
Mature and robust open source C library for audio file conversion
Graph Visualization Framework for JavaFX
Software for in-place editing of the PNG image in Microsoft Word
Maintained Xautolock alternative
jigsaw-engine splicer for linux?
SaaS for testing across mobile devices with Windows 10 support
Looking for Android music player that can sync with desktop ( osx / linux )
What text editors let you view and edit multiple files in a single long page (similar to Scrivener's Scrivenings mode)?
TODO app with dependencies
Tool to rasterize large SVG files to PNG
Library to convert PDF to DXF
Online Jeopardy
System to register dates
Application to identify which chord could it be by given notes
Graphing or charting library that approximates Excel's capabilities?
3D rendering of 2D image and 3D segments
Anti-aliased line and text with WebGL
Chrome extension that allows me to set the NTP as `about:blank`
Contract management with customizable HTML export
Workflow engine supporting CMIS
Password Manager with an Android Version and no Browser Plugins
What are some good commercially available services that can do forced alignment of a corrected transcript?
Free desktop Gantt chart program
Association miner of string Java
Remote application options for Windows?
Self-hosted non-Java search engine for my static websites
Windows calculator for programmers
C# PDF generation library for windows 8.1
Time planning with custom working hours
Wallet / In-app credits library or service
Android app to access Visual Studio Online
MS SQL client providing read-only mode
Text-to-speech specific page element?
Low bandwidth Voice over IP (VoIP) software or service
Android complete app uninstaller
Augmented Reality Software/API
Android assets maker tool (for Mac)
Free alternative to Teamviewer?
Web money manager for Linux
Video recorder for Skype and Viber
Azure DocumentDB generic client
Creating a bootable USB stick for wiping a hard disk
Gift link managment
PPT to Video Converter for Windows
E2E Encrypted group calls and messaging (plug'n'play solution)
What's the best way to index PDF or Word document for full text search?
What CI tool satisfies the following requirements?
Keylogger with accurate timestamps for Linux
A side toolbar like natively proposed on Windows Vista
Simple method to store additional set of bookmarks for Firefox browser
Python library for traversing directory tree like unix command line tool `find`
Free aternative to Titanpad.com that supports programming languages
Android RTF editor
What software should I use to design an audio circuit?
Is there an online IPv6 <-> IPv4 translator out there some where?
Free ClamAV alternative working with Amavis on Linux ARMHF
Personal finance software with automatic categorisation
Image Gallery Recommendations For Website
Is there a 4X style game where victory is not about beating everyone else?
Free ProxyCap-like proxifier for Windows with support for HTTP proxy
Generate forum signatures from data
Mount an FTP as a drive letter in Windows 7
Direct download for Flash?
Convert DVD to MP4
Free tool that can split PDFs and can be used over an API in .NET (not command line)
Inkscape Alternative for Programmatic Manipulation of SVG Using PHP
Amazon price target app for Android
Player that skips over silent parts of an audio/video?
Tool to extract text from HTML
Looking for 4D noise generator
web console to debug HTTP calls with JSOn paylod and JSON replies
Regression testing tool?
Is there a generic Android equivalent of Samsung Kies or Nokia PC Suite that works on both Windows and Linux?
Tool assisting 32 to 64 bits C++ migration on a huge code base
Additional bookmark button in Chrome-based web browsers
Wayland on top of X11
Tool to keep branched and refactored C++ code in sync?
Free motion blur removal from video?
Web app to easily create Cornell Notes
Automatic file system synchronization between different machines
What can I use to keep track of my web research?
Compare script output from remote server with local result
MATLAB image acquisition toolbox alternatives in R
WYSIWYG editor that produces responsive HTML
Integrated to do list displaying issues from multiple sources
Create custom map with roads, transport, etc
Looking for media player for Windows 8.1
Android or web app to track habit adoption
Timing email composing in Gmail
WordPress plugin for subscribing to categories and receiving notifications per email
Attach current location in Gmail
Take notes and organize tasks by project, prioritiy, and urgency
Windows registry comparison tool, hierachical/collapsible
Ubuntu firewall to block/allow applications
Any substitute for interface monitoring through BlueStripe
Java - Mobile apps cross platform
Diff tool to display complete tree, with SVN support
3D metrics visualization - Alternative to seerene / Software Diagnostics Efficiency Platform
WinForms library for funny or extravagant progress bars
Command line or terminal-based dashboard
JNI Utilities Library
Gantt chart & schedule based on project template
Webcam simulator for Linux?
Reliable decent affiliate system to help with selling my software
XML Processing System
App that lets you individually control permissions on Android 5.1
Software for recording video games?
Structural Building design software for civil structural engineers/learners
Simulating high-level LTE network with moving mobile phones
Manual Pixel Editing with Colors for Mac
Monetization/advertizing components for desktop apps
Tool to programmatically draw logic circuits into PDF
Manage OSM points online
Free SQL test data generator
On Linux, is there a program to arrange text and images freely on a canvas for note taking purposes?
Convert Notepad to mindmap
Automated builds / continuous integration
App for Android which allows users to write a few sentences as diary
Tool for sketching overviews with ASCII input
Software that can check for broken links on an intranet
AI tool for troubleshooting in logs and dumps
Swift and Objective-C code analysis and style tool
Fuzzy control library for Python
Software for adjusting the velocity curve of a MIDI controller in Linux
Mindmap tool for knowledge base creation with file integration
Cricket Tournament Management Software
Good node.js or python modules for streaming live video
XML Analyzer (not editor!)
Universal copy & paste (like in Pushbullet)
Open source conference platform
Automatically minimize startup programs
Simulating MPEG1/2 transmission over a noisy channel
How to split one larger video into multiple smaller videos?
Is there a C# library that can provide an english sentence when fed one or more keywords?
Online poll with randomly-ordered options, supporting images
Looking for optimization libraries to optimize a matrix
Dashboard/Status Board Software For PC
Offline voice typing alternative for Android?
Google Contacts "cleaner" / "lint remover"
Need a PC monitoring software with alerts
Is there a Java/Swing datepicker that can select a range of dates?
Overlay Video Player on Hotkey for Windows
Online GPX viewer that support 100k+ waypoints
Project management tool that can produce different charts
What is a good choice for managing users/security in an SAAS environment?
Reporting and report generation for a web application (nodeJS + angularjs)
Is there a way to synchronize only part of Firefox bookmarks?
Software to share serial port over network
Stealth keylogger for Windows
Which PHP framework is more suitable for an enterprise project?
Is there a library that automatically parses time stamps from text?
Android app which automatically compresses videos in background to save disk space
Do-It-Yourself software to create my own games without any computing knowledge?
AOP solution for domain/range annotation-parsing of function definitions and invocations
Antivirus for Windows (to replace Avast Antivirus) meeting specific requirements
Multimonitor VNC/Remote Desktop
Several persons/companies sharing one conference room - Which web app for reservations?
Java video manipulation library
XML Editor that supports Relax NG
Browser extension that shows total followers in Twitter search results
Looking for software to monitor installations
Android app to scan a file on multiple antivirus engines using current definitions
Specify Field and Value Within Barcode
Mongodb like system with permissions over sections
Is there a way add auto completion (like QtCreator) and detailed syntax highlighting support for C++ to Atom or Sublime Text?
Auto-delete old emails on IMAP account
A C++ library for configurable pretty-printing/dumping of large arrays?
C library that can detect when eyes blink from a video
Alternative to Google's Play Store for Android
Open-source image organiser with face recognition (alternative to Picasa) with OSX/Linux support
Best software solution for a dating website
Free program to make a slideshow of pictures
Basic video editing software to postprocess videos created by Open Broadcaster
Open-source file transfer over internet
Theano-based libraries for RNN-based speech recognition
Android file managers
Wiki with line-based history like "annotate" in version control software
CPU usage logger for process (Windows)
Software to upload files to Amazon S3
App that shows root words and other words derived from that root
Recommended organization chart tool
PaperTrail Ruby gem for Node
Testing a server for security vulnerabilities
A real time version control for programmers?
App to practice investing money?
OCR tool to extract Gujarati text
Software to determine which VM needs more resources
Music server with associated client application
Can you recommend a reporting framework/SDK for offline use in a bespoke mobile app
Easy video editor for beginner to make tutorial video
Animated video editor on Mac
Simple WYSIWGY CRUD web frontend for a database
Free (Angular) Js map of the UK
Bird song ID app for Android that is audio only
I'm looking for people planning software for the event industry
Is there software to group similar parts of a text file while keeping the original location associated?
Online data-entry interface for coding
Grunt similar tool for PHP pages?
Software helping people with depression
Version of ping with accurate and detailed statistics
Library to overlay text on top of data URI images
A secure, private, searchable online document storage service
Chrome Extension to record user events in a webpage?
DSA provider for java
Automated code style checking for AngularJS?
Configurable barcode reading app
Software library to assign label to keywords
Python Damerau-Levenshtein distance with variable costs (a.k.a. generalized D-L)
Video player with caption automatically generated from the audio
Stream tablet to computer with switcher to stream to internet
Single tree library which allows to move nodes
Extendable JavaScript linter
Android keyboard with speech-to-text that does not use Google services
Android GIS app to find specific device
iOS Charting Library Analysis
Android coin scanner & cataloguer
Command line utility to see list of tasks, CPU usage, and memory usage
lsusb for Windows
IRC client that allows rich text?
Looking for an opensource ecommerce solution with quick checkout workflow
CSPRGs in Python
Software for managing blog on Blogger
PHP web framework similar to Django
iOS Emulator for Windows
OS recommendation for surfing on a weak laptop
How can a reader effectively discern changes in a newer edition of the same book?
Web charts for time series
Simple, free PDF editor for Windows?
Simple, free PDF meta tag editor for Windows?
Software to record my screen and voice
Global snippet manager that can be plugged in to multiple code editors
Android music player with BPM detection
Android music visualizer
Graphing software for best fit curve
Agentless system monitor for multiple Windows machines
Program to group files or folders based on prefix
Note taking Web app with one-time password support (free/libre, self-hosted)
Tool to generate two bell shape curves for given means and standard deviations
Program to search by file name in Windows?
Terminal emulator for Android with specific features
Share screen and control iPhone from Windows PC
Best front-end framework or tools for highly trafficked mainly static-content responsive website?
Full disk/OS encryption solution working on UEFI/GPT-based Windows machines
C decompiler which is able to take advantage of debug symbols
What are good candidates for a fixed, externally accessible database for Qt/C++?
Software tool to extract original embedded images from PDFs?
Personal medical expense manager
Modern HTML5 Audio Library
Characters' relationships mapping tool
Android keyboard with *offline* speech-to-text that does not use Google services
Software (with some kind of searchable DB) for categorizing and saving snippets of information
Looking for a Go to C compiler for Linux
Twitter client for Windows that will show all available tweets
sync two folder in one windows machine in realtime
Activities manager software
HTTP server fuzzer
Is there a web app where can I search for books by tag?
Can anyone recommend a scripting language and OpenGL implementation?
Converting C# to C++
Is there a personal Spam Trap / DNSBL solution?
Calender Sync across multiple devices and platforms
Software for syntax coloring English language
Dashboad type app for iPhone
Is there software for sync between folders in my laptop 'Data' drive and external HD?
Screen capture with scrolling, capturing drop-downs, cursor and tooltips
Use Geany IDE On Ubuntu For Objective-c & C#
Free alternative to Sauce Labs
View anchors in a PDF document
Plugin to switch Firefox proxies easily?
Need software-based dynamic range compressor
Chrome extension to block YouTube videos, but allowing the audio to play?
Flashlight that doesn't need permissions
Command-line option parser for Java
Web-based, free application that helps to manage IP subnets?
Java library to convert RTF file to DOCX/PDF file
Use several cloud storage accounts as a single big synchronized folder
Third party tool for custom login in Windows 7 Home Premium
Local image search?
Command-line spell check for Windows
C++: mark classes with non-virtual destructors `final`
C++ integer factorization library
Software for class scheduling
GUI for scientific plotting with d3.js, similar to Veusz or Matlab plotting window?
Knowledge Base with decision tree for procedures
Design a webpage without code (drag and drop)
Normalize volume for YouTube videos
Managing servers in remote machines
HTTP Response Codes
Open source archiver with integrated Error Correction Code
Social Network alternative to Telegram
C# Report Creation
Simple inline CMS to allow permission based editing of text blocks on custom website
Scanner Software with OCR Filename
Need a very specific screen capturing software for recording of gameplay while Skyping
Android address book, with contacts data unreadable from other apps
Is there an iOS application to search photos near my location?
Like protobuf, but to text instead of binary
Tool to monitor how much Internet data devices are consuming in a home network, quota
Equalizer (EQ) for all sound in Windows?
Software to make a certain program always minimize to tray?
Simple PHP internationalization library with administration
Video call to iPhone (FaceTime) via Windows, Android, or web
I'm looking for a project management / to-do / GTD program
3D simulation software (e.g. for quadcopters)
Sync Android app with other devices
Pandora-like playlist creation of local library
Keyboard note setting for children
A good simple animation program for technical animations?
Open sourced library on video analysis and key frame extraction
Autonomous remote control of Android device with terminal access for monitoring and testing
Android app to log network requests
Looking for file server/NAS for Linux with file management features
Firefox add-on to have tab shortcut like Pale Moon?
Linux installation to learn web development
Version control system and front end interface for 40+ students
Notification tool for continuous update checking of remote file (by URI)
Windows Music Player that supports custom lyric
Simple email list manager
Firefox extension to block IndexedDB access from specific sites
File explorer that can open a folder with millions of files on Windows
Graph Analysis (using C++)
Demonstrate what could happen after a fake Microsoft call
Small footprint log analyzer?
Graphics tool for extracting snapshots from a video for Linux
Mail library for raspberry 2 running windows 10
Skype in C# (Visual Studio 2015)
Multitrack audio recording for Windows 7
FTP client for Windows that can open a folder with millions of files
Discussion platform with calendar and contacts
Managing long running simulations
Personal desktop wiki with automatic linking
Remote viewing software
Parsing Perforce File Specification Library
Android app to simply launch the Android task switcher without including itself in the task list
PostScript / DVI / PDF all-in-one viewer for Windows
Create and store notes on mails
Free webmail server application to monitor multiple IMAP accounts
Graphics tool to rename files in batch mode?
Embedded Database that support encryption for NodeJS or Golang
SSH client that can play sound based on Regex found in output
Android - Software to capture/view phone's camera from PC
Email client to send unmodified HTML emails
Java library for macrobenchmarks
IFTTT for offline use
Self host private chat room server
Cutting an animated GIF file on Windows
Framework for arcade game
PDF annotations in separate file, git mergeable
Validating JSON files on Ubuntu from the command line
Software to track and enforce a specific configuration for various settings in Windows
Firefox add-on to automatically log out from sites
Software for capturing a proprietary flash livestream
Chinese postman application
Linear programming: ellipsoid algorithm
Paid software for full research paper, journal article viewing
Checksum utility that integrates into Windows Explorer properties as a tab
Create test with "unscramble the sentence" questions
IT Team Management and Monitoring
Custom PPT viewer for android
program that takes metamodel(preferably from KMF) and produces a modeling program
Remove echo in voip application
Checking if webcam is on
Is there an autoinstaller for Windows XP?
Instant chat for self-hosting
Keyboard abbreviation / auto complete
Bootable linux like distro to sanitize USB flash drives and hard drives
Resource scheduling
Notepad for programmers, scripters, hackers, developers, etc
Editor for Django, Angular and Ionic?
Timeline-like presentation software?
Open source software for Municipality Meeting
Task manager that can kill more than one process at once on Windows 7
IEEE 802.11 Wi-Fi Radar
Cross-platform app for all notifications
Is there a Windows 7 program that allows images in a folder to be sorted by how visually similar they look?
Extracting function-definitions from souce-code
Browser add-on that automatically takes screenshot when I visit a certain page and saves it locally
Citation generator script
Any simulator for Microchip microcontroller for Linux distributions?
Video playback that smooths speech at high speeds
Putty alternative for Chrome OS
Calendar with task <-> events integration (or Gannt with high time resolution)
Software that will receive all your promotional email and send you a single digest
Synchronize files between three computers
Game to learn piano play
Emulator for Digi-Comp I
Software to retroactively outline and collapse (legal) documents
Sublime plugin to highlight selected text with a given color
Software for network switch
Software to monitor Windows API calls on a Windows 7
Software that explains image file formats
Android application for quickly creating geo links
Firefox extension to allow efficient searches?
Is there a default chess board editor/library that is used to display chess competitions on the web?
Wireshark playback for regression testing
PostSharp Aspect Libraries
Form software for actors
Alternative to Matplotlib for scientific plotting with Python
Looking for a Static Blog Generator
A tool to paste text and make it nicely readable?
SMS internal comment clouds
Reliable alternatives to Skype Numbers / Local Phone for Android, for receiving calls to an overseas landline number?
Chat clients (which will allow to encode music and vowel length and consonant characteristics)
Detailed, offline web mapping for the US and United Kingdom markets
Tool to find malware/adware by comparison with a "normal" Windows system
Versioning system for translations
Software to maintain public PC (Internet cafe/game club/library) with Windows hosts?
Software to determine cluster speed
Android App to relocate other Android Apps
Automated de-identification of free-text medical records
WordPress plugin to add image grids to post content
Two-factor authentication for Windows, trackable key linked to ActiveDirectory (alternative to AuthLite)
Transfer CD music into files without any frequency loss
Open-source, web-based, simple, visual, board-based task/project management
Fast free JavaScript IDE that supports debugging, code auto-complete, customizable UI, detailed error reporting, and supported by WIndows
Software to find metadata for mp3s with irrelevant filenames, fake metadata, or no metadata
Cross-platform benchmarking
Proxy that finds and fixes encoding issues
Library to generate PDFs with pages from other PDFs
Open-source server OS image management software
twitter client that can use rest api key/secret
See GPU use history as a graph in a Linux shell
Software to record application launched from Visual Studio
Software to adjust my screen's brightness based on what programs are in view
Scheduling software with Google 2-way sync, redirect URL, limited availablity
Record Voice Over a Video?
Free anti-theft software for Windows
Firefox add-on to immediately store bookmark
Helper to distinguish between two instances of same application
Record computer usage to a text file
Multi-tier professional framework for .NET
Email client to handle gigabytes of mail efficiently
Software or web-app to test browser loading speed (independently from network speed)
Software to reduce size of a video file and calculate the output size
Bitcoin mining software for Windows
Chrome extension to randomly revisit old bookmarks
Software to create a physical photo album for a portfolio
Http request logs collector
Android: Hyperlink text with .amr sound clips
Amazon Video To Chromecast from Android
Tool for cleaning up surplus nvidia installers
P2P communication framework for heterogeneous networks and devices (alternative to JXTA)
rsync/diff like tool for MongoDB
Python library to get the GPU fan speed
What GUI Library Should I use in C++
PDF viewer for Linux which can trim margins in presentation mode?
Different key-sets on two different keyboards
Ruby on Rails: Gem for auto generating methods from wsdl to use it with AngularJS
Offline app for creating video highlights (photo slideshow and music)
Python library to download and upload through SFTP and allow bandwidth throttling
Make .ISO of bootable thumbdrive in Windows
Android app for arbitrarily long arithmetic saught
Ticket management system - Open Source platform OR build ourselves
Ripping (legally) purchased DVD
How can I rename photos using EXIF data?
What are available pub/sub middlewares which support fine grained subscriptions and initial images?
Visual Studio plugin to convert loops to parallel loops
Android app to block people for arbitrary time after I reject their call
Tool for extracting text patterns with Regular Expression?
Postgres/PostGIS GUI aplication development tools
Gratis bulk email sender software to use on Windows 7?
Database schema visualization for MS SQL Server
Edit multiple Android contacts
Modern-C++ reflection library
Rewrite large number of text files as UTF-8
Webcrawler and video/audio application with multistream output to user
Open source firmware for Internet modem ZTE ZXV10 W300
App that can use my Android phone as a webcam on my PC, but stream it in 4K over USB?
Java/Scala implementations of IND-CCA2 secure asymmetric ciphers?
Tool to comment and discuss code without modifying it
IDE for c++/linux that detects questionable code
Arranging OS X application windows/workspace via presets
Mac like screenshot in Windows with shadow
Mac Version of JS Fiddle
Stop logging to files. But what system to choose?
Genetic Framework in Java
Library to convert nouns to plural form
Free software appliance for graphite and grafana
Fast open source c++ memory pool
Alternative to ownCloud that supports encryption
Linux terminal interface/Software for Wiktionary
An app to automatically access IP cams and take screenshots on a given interval
How can I best implement a cluster for my .NET 4.5 Console Application (or Windows Service)
Ocr that recognizes this specific image
Need a virtual touchpad to use my phone which lost the upper half of the screen's touch
Change Win7 Theme to Mac (OSX Lion)
Is there a linting tool for projects on GitHub or GitLab?
Vulnerability scanner for scanning AngularJS web application
Reservation system for support environments
Searching for a software for creating UML diagrams
What's a good program for browsing a folder containing many animated gifs and mp4 short loops?
Software to make youtube audio easier to sleep to
Create file of arbitrary size with random data in Windows
Free Alternative to Matlab for Biomedical Engineer
Windows HTML/CSS editor that has live preview?
Advanced and automated tab management
Free/Libre download manager for android
German TV Schedule Display in a Large Table
Software for hyper-v vm manager
Decentralized/P2P virtual private network (VPN)
Metronome app for Android that can increase speed after a specified number of bars
Alternative to YouTube - Tubex app on Android
Windows Search Software that can search within files
Regression Disconuity Design (RDD) fixed effects multiple cutoffs
GTD note-taking software tool that works with Outlook
What's a good dark colored web browser for nightime viewing?
Program to make translucent grey windows to darken parts of the screen?
Best way to store / write math and CS notes?
Free iOS App with Video Playlist, folders & iTunes USB file share support?
Application to manage videos library & show/ sort by video codecs being used?
GNU/Linux variants that could work on MacBook Pro (Retina, two GPUs)
User management solution for app / website
Software to help with recording vinyl albums to CD
Reed-Solomon encoder/decoder
Site map for a LAMP website with >100,000 pages
Rotate single application in Windows
Android step by step math solver that includes fractions
Free NoSQL database with arbitrary precision number field type and aggregation function
Easy way to split an audio track into multiple parts?
Linux backup software (use backup2l?)
Free / low-cost OLAP cube viewer
JS library that displays PDF as flipbooks
Program that allows keyboard shortcut for changing monitor brightness?
A C++ NURBS library with boolean operations that is not OpenCASCADE
Picking a PHP IDE and SVN package for professional software development?
MongoDB vs Cassandra - Which one is best for Internet of Things Data
open source crm with desktop sync
SMS app for Android that allows deleting a message or thread in one step
2D game development environment
Open source web gallery with Exif and map support
Gratis visual editor for the reveal.js library
Java data structure to store latitude-longitude points, and retrieve them by area
Alternatives to FlowPlayer
Looking for streaming server options
Recommendations for an internal company email (messaging) system
Stream camera from iOS to Android
Offline maps with voice navigation
Maintaining both commented and minified source files
Internet control app for Android
Preferring database system(s) for social network tasks/needs requirements
PDF template live form editing tool for web-based Java application
Software to Display RFID information on Windows
Reload an online video every X seconds?
PHP frontend for existing git reposetories
Smartphone camera app that take square photographs
Instant messaging software with easy to download transcripts
Windows Application to extract Video & multimedia content from PDFs
Free alternative to World Machine
Convert PDF text as image to MOBI
Gratis software to retroactively copy highlights to comment to that I can generate comment summary using pdf xchange viewer
Gratis Log visualization tools
Software to conduct surveys and offer recommendations based on results
Git for WordPress
Linux command line web browser
Host OS for multiple VMs
Benchmark disks on Linux
Trustworthy BitTorrent clients for Mac OS without adware/malware
Javascript Game Engine
Web font service
Software for a personal wiki with (good) LaTeX support
source control tool for jsp and aspx files
Software to display change of positions for transition of image
Joystick test program for Windows
Which Drupal module allows donations combined with a field where donators can write a message?
Program for exporting data to CSV files
Android app to turn off mobile data for certain apps
software to tell what you have downloaded recently
Fix up scanned text documents as images
Last Skype versions on Windows & iOS without excessive large ads
Extract bitmaps from SVG
Backup software for Windows
simple installable html website builder
Static code analysis tool for multiplatform project with good coverage of C++11 features
Command line software which returns image descriptions
Multiplayer building strategy game iPhone app on the App Store
Free or low cost multilayer PCB design software
Tool to save the track names and links of a SoundCloud account
Android sofware LBE Security like possibly without root
Text formatter which understands grammer
GUI SFTP client for Linux which maintains an open session
Command-line SSH/SCP client command for windows (not cygwin)
Software for creating complex schematics involving organs and circuitry
Private Web app for a couple, similar to social networks and team communication tools (self-hosted & free/libre)
Draw C++ assembly dependencies in Linux
The cheapest online service to store 3TB of archive data?
Program to check if there is a newer version of executables
Dummy Android app to test permissions
Software to create identical copy of system hard drive with all partitions
Dependency analyzer/optimizer for package.json and bower.json
OS X app to swap all windows from one display to another
Tweet when another user is tweeting
free deployment solution for rails app with no need for credit card
Web app to manage subscriptions, handling payment and reminders
Web app to edit static HTML site
UIF to ISO disk image converter
FLOSS screenshot/generic file uploader for Linux (ShareX replacement)
Best viewer for large text files (> 10GB)
Software for shop websites with product (price) variations per shop
Record webcam to files, Linux, no UI
Software for search files in windows like old windows XP / 2000
Alternative to Pocket (online bookmark storing)
Stackoverflow on premise solution or other Q&A/ Support forum site
Yoink alternative for Windows
App that will help manage my contacts
A tool for finding third party vulnerabilities
Workflow Management for Job Shop - Mobile & Desktop
Tool for finding third party vulnerabilities
Online multiplayer first person shooter
Console hex/ASCII editor with a cut function
Integrated budgeting, planning and forecasting software
Wiki software like OneNote with some extra options on Linux
Company address book with Exchange integration
Recommended Scientific Calculator for Android
Syncing app for cloud based doc files
PDF comparison for text with figures
Javascript library that supports RSA-OAEP with MGF Hash
Software to determine optimal hardware components for a user's requirements of a PC
Software to make windows switch to 2nd WiFi signal if 1st one had internet failure
Converting a ADE document (Adobe Digital Editions, acsm) to PDF
GSM calling software on Windows 7 (Dell Mobile Broadband Card)
Windows XP alternatives to Wireless Zero Configuration
Software that can archive files in a directory into multiple zip files, each holding 10 files
Cross-Platform OpenPGP Library
Cross platform create reports from text files
Quickly searching thousands of text files for strings on Linux
Cheap Video Editor to insert an image into a video
Web-based password management solutions for a digital agency
MySQL Workbench equivalent with possibility of two-factor authentication
PHP/Java/C++ frameworks for declarative SQL to REST API binding
Software to translate a Russian map to English
Accurate open-source OCR for handwritten numbers
An alternative to native HTML5 datepicker
Plugins framework for an Android app
Chrome extension to automate bookmark delete for current site
Software to remove formatting on the clipboard automatically
Open source gamification platform
Software project planning with schedules and movable time boxes
Web app to synch Facebook group events (and/or Google Calendar) to public RSS or similar
Natural language to source code links
Ftp/sftp server with user rights admin GUI
Auto-respond to Android Phone Call and Send Tone
Tracking Users login & logout details using software for VM (Virtual Machine -Windows OS)
Free Markdown editor for Windows with tabs, live-view, tables
Markdown editor with preview supporting footnotes
Free Chrome extension for RSS feed notifications with cloud sync
Firefox password protect on entry
KeyPass integration for Chrome
FTP client with live preview
Furniture design software
Need a kind of sampler/tracker
What options are there to share emails aside from HiverHQ?
Software to create hotel menus
Physics simulation environment for machine learning
Biometric keepass
BBCode parser for PHP
GoJS - Free routing diagram HTML framework alternative
Information gathering in Ubuntu and Backtrack
Which ORM do you recommend to use with Node.js and PostgreSQL?
C++ unit testing framework
Need a fingerprint attendance management software
Split mySQL tables into databases by prefix
Chrome plugin to upload image directly from clipboard?
Open source libraries for metrics and dashboards to display them
Creating a C++ Project to match an existing DLL interface
Software for creating and maintaining a vector icon set
Free app to generate random picture collages
Music producing software for PC has the smart instruments of Garageband
Measuring cyclomatic complexity per unit
Stack Exchange chatroom bridge for a desktop chat interface
Windows software to swap stereo channels in real time
Image upload javascript library with progress bar?
Equivalent to Meetup.com without public lists of event members
Programmatically fix broken Java source code
Portable visual editor to extract selected parts of MP4 video without reencoding, with ability to navigate to previous/next frame
Free app for Windows to burn video (MP4, AVI, etc.) to VCD and SVCD
Reporting tool/framework/library for .Net
Open source Firefox add-on to take screenshot of whole page
Network bandwidth monitor
AngularJS Code Documentation Tool
Tool to convert formulas to C# code faster
What technology stack is needed to scale my app and find a balance between performance and productivity?
Private blog service with passwords for different people to join
time based position determining software and placing an object at that position
Third party DateTime picker for android
Budgeting app that automatically monitors credit card account
Ultra-lightweight editor (like Python's IDLE) for C
Android app for quickly tagging/grouping photos by drag/click
Looking for open source tools for simulating designs comprising reconfigurable logic
Java equivalent of Ruby's Tilt
Tool to remove security from PDF documents
GPS tracking library for Node.js
What is the best android emulator?
Text-based browser with bind-address option
From Django Model to Search Form and Search Result
Push data to apps from MySql
Tool that allows pasting clipboard by iterating over contents and emulating key presses?
Network sharing NTFS drives without a Windows workgroup or homegroup (Linux solutions welcome)
Virtual gpu making extensive use of vector capabilties on modern cpu
eCommerce free platform
Messaging Technology With Persistent Storage and Client Registry
Remote storage software for my web development projects
3D boolean operations in java
Firefox extension to properly handle PDF files on websites with programming errors
A lightweight Linux distribution for a Pentium M 1.73GHz, 2 GB RAM laptop?
An Open Source No Root good firewall?
Log rotation of stdout on Windows?
Software to search for Youtube videos, given a search pattern
Is there software that allows employees to make their own site (on the company domain) without the ability to mess up the rest of the site?
Better picture->ASCII art converter, that takes character shapes into account
Generating multiple PDF documents from spreadsheet and images
Extract data from photos of a physical meter
Software for web server client side file management
URL shortener for Arabic
Search in nested archives
Need a survey SaaS with immediate rewards for respondent
VMware Workstation Player snapshots
Cross-Platform Screen Sharing / Viewing
LCD menu creation library
File sync service over internet with users and rights
Is there a software that can track and report statistics on emails sent between users internally?
A searchable database with support for tagging words
Software to fill in an online search form and report results daily
Python IDE with keyword-specific syntax highlighting seen in Sublime Text 3
Web-based newsletter interface without password
Library to manage an online form and its responses
Are there any PC to phone programs that supplies you a free phone number?
What server software is available for Minecraft PE v0.13.1?
Word-compatible (DOCX) software able to open references
XMPP client with OTR support for Mac OS X
C++ compatible parser generator that makes user-friendly error reporting easy
Open source SQL database with BASE semantics?
Software to manage statement of work language at task/paragraph level?
Linux (Ubuntu) Alert on desktop on full local disk
Routing app with your own voice and offline maps
Show Mail in Django Application
Is there a graphic design software specifically for creating stick figures?
Deployment tool with two-factor authentication and code comparison
Load balancer with minimum number hosts in rotation
Libraries for building a backup program in .NET
Free/Open source solution to rename file by editing file names list as plain text (Like TotalCommander)?
Cross-Platform 2D Graphics Renderer Library (Desktop & Mobile)
Free decompiler for ARM binaries
Changing tags based on file name
Software for linux to reboot to USB
Chrome extension for managing bookmark tree
An intelligent unzipping program for windows
Dataset insights software
Self-hosted spherical (360-degree) image viewer?
Can anyone suggest me a good plugin for wordpress 4.4 that shows powerpoint presentation?
Software for capture video in virtual desktop
Standalone authoritative DNS server for Windows
Alternative HTML-to-text CLI converter to html2text
Storing of technical developer data
Linux Mint firewall to manage applications connection
Is there an alternative to Microsoft's RDP with multi user/session remote access
Online tool for ranking students by comparing pairs
Remove pagination from content
Problem Management solution
Searching for PST Outlook data viewer
software that can edit text and have good graphics layout tools
Free API-accessible dashboard for a client to manage website content
Converter that converts EML files to plain text
On-the-go cloud file encryption (end-to-end)
Offline calendar for Android with at least basic functionality
3D anatomy software
Opensource hidden object game
Prefer Angular 1.4 or 2.0 for new web application?
Convert indentations across all files in bulk
Web application create Excel like grid and store in database
Interactive IDE API for learning
Free computer forensic software for Windows
Second level caching with hibernate
Wikipedia offline explorer recommendations
Free alternative to google calendar allowing categories
Simple self-hosted sync system for Android contacts and calendar events
Android 5 app that can execute formulas such as 15.50+3.79*2/3
Firefox extension that warns me when I "like" a Facebook post which is not "friends-only"
Drawing convolutional neural networks
Python general purpose Neural Network library, supporting RNNs, RL, computational creativity
Pure JS solution similar to ASP.NET Wizard Steps
Program to learn languages
PVR/DVR Software
Component for list based suggestion of terms (autocomplete/autosuggest) in web based application
WebDAV service in a JEE application
Viewer to open .CDR files
Trusted App for install Chrooted Linux Distro
New software team lead, looking to upgrade tools
Deep Learning: is there any open-source library that can be integrated with Hadoop streaming and MapReduce?
Video, Audio, and Microphone Recording - Windows
Best first time Linux OS, for someone who isn't computer savvy
Timer with visual alerts for Windows 7
Math / Image processing library for JS
Linux or Android app for non-intrusive recording
Organization Chart for JavaScript
Free for commercial use api to calculate distance between two (long and lat)
Quicker alternative to PDFcrop
Decoupled or headless open-source E-Commerce CMS
Android app for backing up SMS messages from SIM card
Open source CMS with multi-language support
Organizing multiple development's projects
Open Source Chromium/Chrome extension for translating text selections on right-click
Alternative to PDF stacks for Linux or Android
Alternative to dokku for RPM based linux
App to watch 360-degree VR YouTube videos in cardboard on iOS?
Android app like Psion 3 database
Remote Access to Android Device Out of State
Free open-source on-premise file sharing server
Calendar application which can also track habits for android
CPU tester with similar methodology as memtest86+
Graphical tool to generate JavaScript/HTML5 tweening?
Video Player that lets you play multiple videos after highlighting them in a folder?
Cloud service for my own music files with offline sync?
Software (either local or online) for testing websites in browsers/operating systems
GTD Android app
Android app to upload a video to Wikimedia Commons (after re-encoding it if necessary)
Python templating library that can treat '.' as non-special in parameter names?
Open Source solution for sharing screenshots
Chrome Context Search Extension
Program for drawing eye-catching graphs for presentations?
Programs for 3D chemical molecules?
YouTube-to-M4A Downloader/Converter
Offline passwords manager accessible by multiple users
Keeping track of git repositories locally
Sharing paper reading log and comments between lab members
Free or inexpensive alternative to Dreamweaver
Android app to block calls specific numbers for specific times of day
StackExchange-like system but with document/file handling
Quickest method to transfer a couple files between Windows and Android
Password protected SMS app for iPhone
On top of nodejs boilerplate, install Angular
MediaWiki video extension with programmatic seeking
LibreOffice Math to LaTeX Extension
Military standard barcode/label software for OS X
Software to play Buzz games "manually"
Lightest Open Source PHP LMS
Existing framework for checking and validating against a set of rules, then generating a report?
Open source crime incident reporting tool with mapping web app
Compiler, assembler and IDE on Ubuntu on ARM
Collaborative Web Based Wiki with ability to narrow down ideas by more than one metadata-tag?
Software for extracting data from eight DVD-Rs at the same time
Tool to generate an HTML page including all CSS and Javascript
Text editor with word suggestion
Refactor - separate java sources and resources
What is a simple and cheap inventory management tool for a non-profit?
Selecting two windows at the same time on Windows 7
Replacement for Opalis Robot3
Music player with SMB capabilities and WinAMP playlist support
Free annotation software where I can review web pages and save a PDF?
e-mail client for iOS reading .eml attachments
What software can I use to edit interlinked HTML files without reading source code?
Software to help port VxWorks application to Windows
Which SaaS product should we use to replace our custom-made email retrieval system?
Library to write interactive geometry applets with Python
Content blocker (adblocker) for iPhone 5
Online service or Linux-based tool that provides iOS malware analysis?
Pixelart/Sprites color mapper/changer utility
diff file viewer
Self-hosted collaboration like Trello
CouchDB - Need a better viewer than the built in one - Futon
FOSS 2D game engine to make Android/iOS games that compiles to native
Inverting a Font?
Alternatives for Apps relying on Parse after shutdown?
What chromium web browsers look almost exactly like regular chrome?
Tiny Java library to roughly guess country from latitude/longitude
Apache HTTP log analysis down to minute level
DataWarehousing and Big Data
Tool for importing Maple worksheet into Mathematica
Software to automatic backup / disaster recovery CMS websites
Python library for generating HTML representation of directory hierarchy (like "tree" on Linux)
Distributing and maintaining excel-file
Program that compiles and shows Java Swing GUI in real-time
Are there any Natural Language Processing (NLP) libraries in C?
YouTube mass downloader renaming files with date published and title
Bower dependency watcher
Platform that allows configurable entities, relationships, workflows, security/visibility (with teams & hierarchy), portal
How to save BBC iPlayer video downloads for viewing anytime?
Real-time traffic information in OsmAnd+
GUI editor for Windows Environment Variables
Simple interactive windows firewall
PHP Script survey script that can return results based off survey
Android app to speak out of my wife's phone without having to call her
Free software for CSR Bluetooth usb dongle on Windows 7
Google Cloud Storage (Nearline) - Incremental/differential backup tool
App that can sync SD card folder between two Android devices over LAN only
FOSS End-User reporting tool for XML files
Open Source Dialog System Natural Language Processing Engine?
Free (libre) video hosting platform
Tools to reverse-engineer an Excel spreadsheet
Managing libraries and dependencies for cross-compiling C/C++
Flooring layout software
Q&A platform for code-based questions
Network jitter/packet loss/latency measurement tool
Program to convert batch of M4A files to 192kbps
Adding missing spaces in text
Java library to transform kanji/katakana/hiragana to romaji
Looking for online PDF annotation tool with the ability to sync with iPad and highlight extraction
Open source video-conference Skype-Like
Rip DVDs in highest possible quality on Windows 8.1
Looking for lightweight php based cms with rest-api
Skype-compatible Windows software without ads
Desktop program that reads words in pdf aloud and highlights the words as it reads?
Site to release open source project
Mozilla Firefox Mobile add-on for script blocking
Easily update HTML table by hand
Looking for user-friendly project reporting tool for coordination
Synchronizing audio with video based on lip movement
Normal photo-stitching software?
Virtual Desktop on WIndows 10
Monitoring app for mobile signal strength over time
Imageboard-like forum system available for public usage?
Firefox add-on that replaces embedded YouTube video with default thumbnail
Map of points from non-public Google Sheets containing latitude/longitude, updated automatically
Check a lot of SNS whether the handle is already used or not
Remote access to Android Phone including Voice
Spreadsheet Software (Javascript Funtions)
Which Drupal modules should I use for organizing bets?
Tool or Notepad++ plugin remembering a set of Search & Replace
Knapsack-problem with files on DVDs
Python framework for desktop app that can be deployed to a webb app later?
Force application use before allowing to run another application
Todo list for Android that has the repeat option of first Friday of the month, etc
Audio player for Windows meeting specific requirements
How to record quick GIF screencasts with keyboard shortcuts in Windows?
Convert kanji to kana on Linux
Chrome or firefox extension that will mute/decrease volume at louder parts of a youtube video?
Tool for inspecting Windows Forms applications
Android to Android phone remote access
Looking for scheduling software that can handle resources
Seeking a visual scripting environment
Fast interactive 2-D plotting libraries for PyQt
Android software that can read e-books with embedded real-person voices corresponding to the text
Is there a software tool for auto testing API endpoints?
Linux: create dynamic growing volume/container inside a regular file
How to facilitate chatting in a Drupal site?
Converting social-network-quality text into normal text
Best GIS georeferencing software which automates the placing of passpoints
Money Management
JVM language with easy in use UI framework
Looking for a design-to-code software like Macaw
Fast deep learning framework for Android?
Android app to log a picture+description, and easily scroll them afterwards
Database *data* version migration tool
Angular, any library for Org Chart?
Any PDF reader with continuous horizontal scrolling?
Habit tracking app that supports weekly time-based goals
Application that can convert multiview to oblique projection, vice versa
Software call graph to show "trace" from one function to another
Is it any IP based remote access software avalaible?
Spell checking a md file in github while accessing the online md editor
Running an application at a different time/date
Survey web app that tracks responses over time (i.e. Longitudinal surveys)
Software to output the flattened directory tree in a particular format
File tagger for Windows
Drag-and-Drop Word Rearrangement Software
Static code tester / analyser for Angularjs
Is there an equivalent to a "Reading guide strip" for Windows, OS X or Linux?
From old-school redirect-after-post to modern ajax form handling
Game server for turn based card game needed!
CSS/JS/HTML/Jquery etc maker/plugin/teacher slideshow?
Reassemble images forwarded though Linux router?
Which Drupal module(s) should I use for making reservations based on availability in a calendar?
Does anyone know of a defrag program that can group files by folder?
Compiler to create an Android app from a WordPress blog
App to help hard of hearing (HoH) for phone calls/conversations/public lectures
Android chat library
Shopping platform with user accounts tied to a credit card, "stored" payment cards
Music player natively supporting .lrc lyrics files
how to always load any url/link of a domain in reader view in Firefox?
Secure password storage and manager for server-side software on UNIX/Linux
Fixing cases in English text
SMS client for Windows
Have to speak pre-written sentences
Is there an Android widget that shows local humidity and nothing else?
FTP client that can also sudo chown
Tool to resize and compress at least 2 images at once
Windows desktop application that drastically decreases volume of loud sounds?
Linux desktop search tool that OCRs PDF/TIFF files
chatting/video calling app using Openfire 4.0.1
C library for images
Looking for a software that does edit suggestions and discussions per line
Markdown parser and editor for nodejs
Microblogging/RSS generator with tag support
Local alternative to backblaze
Meme blocker for Google Chrome
Are there any open source ways to develop for iOS using Java?
iPhone app for grocery shopping with inventory control and tracking of past prices paid
Video software that can move, rotate, and zoom pictures
Linux distribution for an old computer
Open source remote access software for Windows
Looking for a sensor data platform
Command-line web browser
Free iOS library to scan PDF417 barcodes
PHP/JS library for PDFs: marking, annotating, commenting
Automatic Library Extraction from Java Source Code
Customer management database
Python module for PPPoE
Street scene (with car if possible) with permissive license
Control what can access internet on laptops
Difference of audio files
Twitter for nearline people
Application to fill in Dynamic PDF on mobile devices
Twitter threaded reading
Navigation / Route Planner with option for maximum vehicle speed
Release management tools suggestion
Converting HTML with Bootstrap Styles to Image (PNG)
Tool to get a pictorial graph of code
Search autocomplete plugin
Tape Measure app for Android
Proxy server with user management and can send user ID via headers
Open source .NET library for automatic Russian text summarization
Software to list all IPs on my local network
Tool for javascript code analysis that executes code in real-time
Offline software to draw Sprites
Program or extension to save Google map
Convert table of contents into single document
Video capture software that will record long videos (10+ hours)
Javascript equivalent of a dropdown combo box
Code/script based video editing software?
Software that can help reduce yellow color from camera pictures of a book?
AngularJS grid with heatmap
AngularJS calendar with heatmap
Markdown and HTML editor app?
Library that can overlay a text with a heatmap
Looking for software to convert Audible AA audio files (not AAX) to traditional CDs?
Open-source implementation of structured prediction methods
What tools do you use in order to easily navigate complex javascript frameworks source code?
Free replacement for Picasa Desktop (photo manager, no cloud)
User favorites file comparison
PDF forms workflow system
WordPress framework for actual developers
Tool for Advanced training/presentation
Free plagiarism detection tool for Windows
Add alpha channel and remove background for more than 2 images at once in Windows
Android app for interval training (lap running)
Note taking with in-text tagging and specific search feature
Tool to create bootable FreeBSD USB flash drives
Library to simulate weld bead placement in an uneven weld
Firefox extension to move Unsorted Bookmarks to Bookmarks Menu automatically
Webapp for customer support and sharing files to customers
Universal unit conversion application
Windows text editor for editing files hosted on remote linux server
Emulating multiple screens
GUI for LLDB (preferably most resembling xcode)
Working resident monitor source code from the sixties
Android App: Comfortable Reverse Image Search
Is there a physics / modeling software that will let you build and test... a flying machine?
What is an open-source alternative to the Atlassian suite of products (Confluence, JIRA, etc.)?
Single PC Volunteer Time Tracking Software
Software to visualize photography rules
Detect language from long string blocks
Very-large-list manager (iOS/mobile)
Send download link to remote computer and initiate a download on that computer
Mimic audio: Graph in real-time that compares prior (saved) violin sound vs new incoming violin sound from mic
Android: is there a simple app/widget/option to display silent/vibrate/normal
Android calendar-like app that is simple enough to actually want to use
File path text creator
Get audio spectrum from command line as a text
Lightweight eye care program
Looking for specific Java web chart libraries
Project's file browser with folder thumbnails for Windows
Adding Pull Request support to the repository
Advice on software for solving transient heat conduction? The temperature of the material that is cooling is not uniform
Java: Averaging driving route
Android app - bluetooth mouse - without pc app
PDF viewer that quickly displays thumbnails of all PDF files in a folder
Software for logical mapping of concepts?
Testing if a SVG file contains raster graphics
Software that temporarily makes all monitors look more red/orange when you click a button?
Image viewer showing one thumb per folder for Windows
Which FTP program can I use with SourceTree?
Library to implement Windows Explorer icon overlays
mouse and keyboard share with copy buffer via usb (or other non-network solution)
Send mail to one adress, forward to multiple adresses (Self hosted mailing list?)
customize "dpi button" for multi-button mouse
Which app can add a shortcut to send SMS to my homescreen in Android 5.1.1?
Customize combination of multi-button mouse and keyboard
Android contact app that does not use stock Android Contact Storage
Keep sound from video playing in background
Application supporting scripting in PDF forms on mobile devices
Searching for a keyboard optimized webbrowser (ideally on Linux)
What software can be used for logical operations in spreadsheet data
cPanel Backup Solution by Directory
Software to detect "moving objects" in series of images
Operations management software for design and installation team
Free NginX alternative with max_conns for upstream
blog which support to organize blog posts, categories as a tree
Test if two texts are likely to have been written by the same author
Software to help organize thousands of scanned documents (JPG/JPEG/PDF)
Chrome extension to play music from Dropbox or Google Drive
Reliable tote taking iOS app
Tool for testing or particularly fuzz-testing JWT validator?
Which tool would you use for producing REST API docs from Java code?
Software for after sales process optimization
Software to analyze task duration and progress
Free OCR for youtube and screen
Light-weight SQL ETL tool compatible with Redshift
Memory diagnostic tool, like MemTest86
Speech recognition for Korean language on Microsoft Windows
Python wrapper class library for unix commands with arguments
Lock a particular browser tab with a password (in Firefox or Chrome)
Chrome extension to highlight searched keywords in a website
iOS+Android SDK for custom keyboard dictionaries and prediction and autocorrect logic
A Japanese language app for iOS with this particular quality(please read the description)?
Want a free video joiner for Windows
Scala/Java quick way to wrap a command line (linux) pipe into a REST service?
Build tool that does not rebuild a step that had been built already with the SAME parameters
Program that rotates PDF files automatically
How can I create a beautiful online tutorial on a software library?
Email bot to proxy web
Looking for opens source log aggregator
Tool to backup, verify & restore specified files on Linux
Simple Firefox extension to blacklist cookies from specific sites / hosts / domains
Auto-fill Google Form fields with current GPS latitude/longitude on Android
Browsing random page of a particular website
What are the best free tools to make wireframes of a website?
C++ constexpr math (header-only) library
Get specific content from a website (software shopping)
Open source project that helps to book printing orders online
Software to access Windows hardrive from Android phone via USB
What are some C/C++ static analysis tools for finding dependencies in code?
What software/toolkit should I use to manage/plan out a year-long trip across multiple countries?
Python library for writing JSON piecemeal
Android Antivirus/Antimalware that respects privacy
Analyze files and documents contents and suggest folder structure and clustering
iOS app to add slow motion to videos easily
Planning website/application for my game
Generate list of semantically related words
A tool to calculate percentage difference from multiple numbers
Comparing two directories and build difference directory of changed or new files
Software to wipe my screen (display black color and ignore tactile input)
RSS feed reader that allows for commenting directly from the app
Android telnet server, which lets me see the commands that arrive
Gratis PPPoe server for testing porpoises
Knowledge visualization software
Can you recommend a MediaWiki extension for visualizing the Wiki's links?
Remote control software - quick enough to record- over a local network?
Trello-like tool that lets non-logged-in users manipulate items
Looking for audio processing library
Looking for service to disable email signature image downloading
Assistive technology for writing music
Android keyboard with haptic feedback and discrete numbers
Software for a private blog with access control
Wiki for the 50+ Crowd?
Windows program that will trim M4A/AAC files without any loss
Windows program to fix unbalanced M4A/AAC audio files
Calendar calculation API
Online text layout with margin annotations and margin images
A document management system like Alfresco, but written in Python or Haskell?
Any file compare tool that matches function names and then compares them instead of line by line comparison?
Backup for windows VMs and Data
Tool for downloading music playlists
Text editor in which you can drag and drop text between tabs
Wi-Fi Direct services scanner application for Android
Key-value store with tiered cache
PDF invoice to UBL/XML invoice convertor tool
Get the function for a specific line in a C source file
Alternative to Ghostery (tracker-blocker) add-on for Firefox?
How to make the setup of a system based on Postgres, Ruby and Sinatra easier?
C++ library for simple image manipulations
Open Source Webinar Software
Home Page that locks the apps and widgets in place
Java library to detect whether picture is selfie or not
Color management tool for Windows
Ultimate tool to transfer bytes (copy files, compress, upload, etc)
Media file metadata editor for OS X
Software which can add a table of contents to a PDF document
Can anyone suggest a web framework for organising course content?
Library or tool to point out floating point arithmetic issues on a code snippet
64bit successor to bincalc for OS X
Curses-based SQLite console browser
Batch geocoding software that works in Japan
Animated GIF to video converter for use in MMS, Android
Flexible, consistent and fast Python serialization library
Externally external commenting system
Botnet simulator free for students or trial available
Fast Python cache with batch-style reading and writing multiple key/value pairs in one op
Looking for software library manager that runs scripts from searchable database
Android app to change default bluetooth music player
Contact database with reminders and notes
Tool to turn video into long PNG
interfacing markup/git with Word for document collaboration
Save Snapchat text history
Free UML Drawing
Advanced scripts for router
OS X: (Vector) Drawing App with Smoothing
OS X: Replacement for Adobe Lightroom
Network GUI tools for Raspberry Pi
Flip dozens of PDFs horizontally
Decrease volume below minimum in Windows 8.1
Software to add text to image
LAN messenger to chat between computers connected to different routers
Wordpress plugin to display tabular overview of complete archive
App that allows a deaf person to record the conversation with a hearing person
Looking for ERP or CRM software for web design / marketing agency
Web service to parse English sentences in real-time
Audio Equalizer software
Linux image processing program to batch-correct photos for scanning
Android image processing app to batch correct photos for scanner
Mobile, hands free (audio only) ear training
Efficient storage of vectors for Java
Firefox addon to block attempts to make text unselectable?
Server chooser and SSH launcher with GUI
Is there a "Votebox" software out there for any company to use?
Check if HTML pages contain structured data, and output which syntax/vocabulary they use
PDF reader with OCR
Looking for a CLI e-mail sender that supports OAUTH 2.0
Portable Frame-Rate Counter
Android app to anonymize a JPG picture but leave latitude/longitude and time
WYSIWYG wiki, no need to enter wiki syntax
Geographical Project Web solution
Software for throttling CPU power (for certain processes)
Moving a Chrome tab to another Chrome window
Is there a Windows tool that can display a graphical diff from command line inputs?
Sending SMS using internet
What is a good software package for topic modelling using HDP (Hierarchical Dirichlet Process)?
Program that reads python code aloud and pauses at right times?
Temporary Easy Firewall
Parser generator for C# target that enables IntelliSense-like code auto-completion?
Replacement for Acrobat Pro on OS X to Edit Forms
Is there a free and user-friendly database solution that runs under linux and can be shared securely by users through the Internet?
JEDEC device health report
Video recording software for Linux
Automated integration testing spanning multiple services
use DirectSound3D effects again on Windows vista and above
Japanese/English speech translator
ransomware removal bootable rescue CD / USB
An iPhone app to play audio in (from microphone) over speakers (or headphones)
How do you document your work/progress/things you learnt?
Auto Clicker - Screen Scraping
Android app to call a predefined number when a specific text is received
Software to enable and disable a Keyboard on Windows
Visual editor for math expressions, with basic or better yet, full Unicode support
Tool to find hard-coded passwords in source code
Bluetooth chat Software for windows
EPUB reader for Windows with copy support
How to get sticky notes attached to pdf documents in my web application?
Looking for a Windows Calendar/Scheduling program with enhanced formatting options
Software for visualization of geometric problems
SCP client with 3 regions: 2x remote 1x local
Solutions to transparently locally cache backend data for Android app
What software could deny access to a USB Drive, with an encryption password?
User friendly text editor for writing a 50-page paper/thesis
Looking for a Android apk manager which is able to update apps that came from different source (i.e. not google play)
Which map to use in order to let users review places
Automatic conversion of sequence of webpages to pdf
Access OS X filesystem from Android over WiFI
Sticky notes app for Ubuntu
Smartphones to Windows Server
Which data visualization library to choose?
Searching support ticket software
Windows download manager with a Web GUI for playing videos
Mount ISO over HTTP
Gratis web based project management and CRM tools for Electronics PCB/CAD design industry
Retroactively download a history of all URLs I have visited in Chrome
Facebook mail notifier
TFS to Git migration tool
modern option for larger web service/site backend
Gratis Blu-ray ripper for Windows
A modern(ish) C++ graph representation and manipulation library
Are there any single-server anti-virus solutions for Windows?
Visualizing Git diff (Linux)
Website research tool that shows information about domains (like WHOIS, IP, backlinks, etc.)
Microsoft Exchange compatible desktop email client on Mac with selective folder sync?
Notifier about visible ISS passes and/or Iridium flares for Ubuntu PC
WordPress plugin to handle paid access to BuddyPress pages
Telnet alternative that supports cursor
Open source library/API to validate word pronunciation (like in Rosetta Stone)
Framework designed for reading, modifying and generating Swift code
Perforce plugin for Visual Studio Code
Asana-like platform with offline desktop access
Proper plugin architecture for Express (Node.js)
Mirror desktop Firefox tab to Chromecast
Free tools for open source project documentation?
Best shipping plugin for multi-vendor WooCommerce
Industrial Handheld QRCode Scanner Open URL in Browser
PDF viewer that reads all files in a folder continuously
Simple HTML Library to display statistics charts inside the web-page
Software as a replacement for a mobile phone with its own number
Open source ERP for a small/medium e-commerce site
SIP (VoIP) program/app with automatic answering of calls
Secure Folder Share, Without Cloud, or Forced Sync! That supports Thumbnail Previews
Remote access to Mac from android
Web based solution for large point clouds
Android App recorder for certain tasks
Application to browse time stamped data of different type
SQL Server MCSA / MCSE Training Software for iOS
open source commandline tool to create OVF and OVA files
Non-linear optimization library for C++
Model relation between input and ouput
Good client inventory/LAN tool
What databases support a mix of ACID and BASE at a column level?
Push to Mute Mic for an Individual Program in Windows 10
IMAP Email backup to .eml files named by date - time- subject - sender to local folders that match IMAP folders
Windows service for updating dyndns host IP
Code compare and merge tool for Mac OSX
Software to convert pictures of lectures from a blackboard to text
Tour operator booking system for Joomla
PDF or HTML form into Database (or Excel) then Merge into Pre-formatted Word Doc
Modeling data flow in a software system
Android app to mute sounds for some, but not all, notifications
Software Inventory for Django Projects and their Apps
Multi vendor marketplace script/framework/saas to fit my need
Tool for advanced dds image editing
Price Alert software
Looking for a library routine which can take diff's output and produce an HTML display of the differences?
GUI - Captive portal with Active directory auth, Content filtering(http+https), Firewall, High Availability
PDF compressor software to host on your own server
Software for star charts
Non-E-Mail-focused Address Book
Good tools for collaborative review and approval?
App that automatically records/recognizes speech and compiles in a list?
What software can be used to play PC games using a smartphone-based VR headset?
Widget to unmount SD card quickly?
Antivirus which removes the CryptoLocker trojan
Vim/Vimium-like window manager
Software to send audio via usb in Windows
Linux Command-Line Dictation
Gratis data scraping tool to replace Import.io
Software to organize photos with details
Charting software that represents relationships
Free VPN Service without port restrictions
Assessing the quality of an audio recording
Application to share screen, files, audio, etc
Need a Freeware APC software
Messenger app with group albums/posts and admin feature
Linux Markdown editor that supports inline images, pandoc syntax and vim-keybindings?
Software which uses Word documents in my web app/ website
Undoing one's votes on Stack Exchange
Open-source Ubuntu Dropbox client?
Browser for Java/Flash playback only
IP Camera Application for Android
IP Camera Viewer
Web app to keep another person up-to-date with work I do
JS library for hour/day charts with boolean cells
Application to control GoPro camera from Windows Vista
Graphical toolkit with visual designer for Ruby (similar to Glade)
Windows screencast software that allows to record screen and webcam simulteanously
Programmatically build SQL queries in Java
No-install remote desktop without any pop-ups
Reporting suite for making data available to customers
Library to Solve a large sparse linear equation system $Ax=b$ (almost banded matrix)
VNC-like application to remote control a Windows 10 PC (and blank screen)?
Database recommendation for fast batch reads
Quickly straighten and crop a large number of photos
Overlaying plots
Open source GPS locker for Android
Any app for iOS that let me store files protected by password
Newsletter tool for non-IT person
Adapt screen color to time of day slowly (like f.lux, but better)
Merge logs by timestamps
With which tool I can draw version control(git) graphs?
Automated re-identification of free-text medical records
Package Manager for $HOME
Weighted graph database with RDF support
What Configuration Management tools are available that doesn't use Linux?
Offline Talk Voice Recognition auto writer software (aka Note Taking) like Android but for PC
A Chrome extension similar to Stylebot with built-in Less/SCSS processing?
MODBUS device library
Inexpensive enterprise chat server with an API
General purpose DRM software
Android camera library for taking multiple photos
Programs to find, show, edit and save lyrics in Linux
Retail POS for non-profit
Write/ink on anything when recording the screen
mysql database visualization software for windows 7
The most stable Windows?
Software to clone two hard drives
Insert folder hierarchy as IPTC tags
Headless browser for Java that can execute JavaScript on a page
Portable single executable browser alternative to QtWeb
Cross-platform technical log-keeping / journalling
Software to crop multiple images from a larger image
Is there a secure group chat available today?
Alert if a remote computer tries to connect on a given port
Media manager for a Portable MP3 Player?
BinHex 4.0 decoder to use in commercial software
PCB design software alternative to Upverter?
Ajax file uploading library
.odm to .mp3 Audiobook Converter
Text processing app to delete duplicate lines in text file
Advanced window manager for Windows 10 to save size and position of each window
Looking for a tabbed sticky notes program
YouTube thumbnail creator tool
BitTorrent daemon with IPv6 web interface?
Browser extension to mute a thread on Stack Exchange
Is there an application like find my iPhone for a Windows PC?
Alexandrescu 'vexing alligator' allocator implementation?
Alternative to Visual Studio Debugger for programming C++ & SDL2 in Ubuntu
Internet radio software where I can add my preferred stations
Any software for drawing vectors with predefined effects?
Cross-platform screenshot tool
Software that records the sent and received usage of a connection in Windows Network Connections and allow limits
Action-adventure game for learning to use a gamepad
Windows tool to recursively download website preserving Unicode filenames
Database recommendation for distributed email archive with attachments
Is there a Java branch coverage tool which can tell you about the exact missing turns in branches?
Note-taking program with website
A JS library to see an image, draw on it and pinch to zoom
Bandwidth limiter
Android app to fully access Android Device from another Android Device
Android app to wake up with the Sun
SVG search engine
Alternative for HBase to store and query small files
Looking for a simple PM tool with resources allocation (daily agenda) report
What if i can't have an oscilloscope?
iOS app publishing my position on a web site
Python iperf module
Project documentation repository
User friendly firewall for Windows 10 to filter/block outgoing traffic?
computer usage monitoring and restricting
Web crawler for detecting 404s on a local machine
PHP Framework for User Login & Registration
Alert if a process has uploaded more than X bytes over the last Y seconds
Tapestry-like nodejs framework
Mac OS X app that expands a directory into the cloud, allowing to store more than local disk can contain
Alternatives to HP Operations Orchestration and Cloud Slang
Offset all timestamps in a text
Cheat sheet, manual creator to look up commands I want to remember
Program to check running processes and give suggestions on garbage to kill?
Remotely control and manage Android device from another Android device?
Tiny requirements management tool for single user
Bignum library for Javascript
How to read and print the content of PDF in python 2.7?
Network Video Recording Software
suggestions on data visualization app
Library for graph grammar & graph rewriting
Software to use Windows based user workstations for backup and storage
Tool to convert online HTML documentation to EPUB from the command line
RDF editor compatible with Mac OS
Timer on notification slider for Android
Office/system layout mapping software
Qt lib for RTD (the replacement for DDE)
Self-hosted open source alternative to Mailgun for bulk emailing
priority oriented TODO list manager
Photo manager - alternative to Picasa
Software for organizing lots of large files and directories
Snapshot Creation Software for Windows sans VM
Chord Diagram Software?
Assessing the quality of an image
Messaging app for compatible with iOS 6
Software to simulate ASIC chip logic
Converting create table statements from Oracle SQL to PostgreSQL
Auto generation of chords based on string tuning
Motion sequences
Run Swift File on Windows
Simplest audio editor, for Mac OS X
Barcode reader library for iOS
Open source test management tool
Program capable of syncing large number of small files
Save photos on the cloud as encrypted
Tool for smart card based PGP decryption?
Inventory assistant
Android or iOS navigation app that gives an alert when close to a speed camera in South Korea
Record a gif from screen for Arch Linux
High level Java binary codec library to work with bits and bytes (encode/decode)
Logrotate - leave file with some it's content
Free Linux video program with special YouTuber effects
Call sound enhancer (equalizer) for Android
Android image editor which visually and functionally integrates with Google Camera app
Asking several questions at once to Quora
Subtitle program to synchronize the subtitle with video
Fast file synchronization tool with a web GUI for Linux?
Python software stack for an HTTP to FTP bridge
Freeware/open source program to convert MP3 to sheet music/notation
Team chat with native Android/iOS apps, all open source (alternative to Slack)
A program for short IDs and tagging capabilities
Graphic visualization library/framework for my virtual anthill
Suitable animation software and/or app for computer science animations
Eclipse plugin for finding declaration or references of element(s) in Javascript/Angular code?
Free IDE for Ruby on Rails & javascript development
Search the internet for pictures by keyword and automatically download a set number of the results in the original resolutions (Ubuntu 14.04)?
unidirectional graphical DB that supports fast filtering queries
Windows calculator that monopolizes numpad, even when not in focus
Clutter-free Android emulator for Win/Linux
Infinite scroll on a Wordpress page
Hexadecimal diff viewer for Linux
Chrome extension to save the content in a form
On screen keyboard for accents only
Software to censor out something in a video
Software that allows me to trigger Python scripts with keyboard shortcuts
Virtual Machine software with templating and launching multiple instances of the template
Countdown timer or Pomodoro for Android that is automatically restarted but asks to be dismissed
Application or suite to compare site after updates
Editing the content of a PostgreSQL table through the data output of a query
Keep track of all my websites (and domains, hosts, CMS, URLs, etc.)
HTML-outputting WYSIWYG editors for use in websites with longer text
File rename tool with list input and editing capabilities
App that shows available SSL protocols and ciphers for HTTPS handshake
SMNP module for Python
Software to emulate a slow network connection
Javascript scheduler library
DVD or Bluray editing tool
Personal finance software for Windows, possibly Android
Google Scholar distribution of papers by year
Portable FTP server for 32 bit Windows XP with no admin rights
HTTP server (portable ) for 32 bit Windows XP which requires no admin rights
Alternative to 'Code Jumper' for Visual Studio
OSX: free software that can assign commands to modifier key + mouse button actions
Log messages analyzer and viewer with a bit of calculations?
Android: mobile coverage analyzer that takes all 4G and 3G providers into account
Software to convert a EXE to MSI
Online tool for writing notes with Wikipedia syntax?
Android: Asynchronous Multiplayer games
Simple structured data/note management tool
Personnal finance webapp
Rotate video preserving as close as possible quality to original
Looking for Dreamweaver Alternative with SFTP Sync
How to monitor file/folder changes made while offline?
Server side software to auto-delete MySQL database records
Software to make Windows appear more like El Capitan
Open source software for medical image processing
Whitelist per contact for sender addresses I may use
Source code editor for Windows that lets me set a font for each Unicode script
Android app to show bandwith usage(speed) of apps
What is a good alternative to spinrite for OS X?
Hostable gallery software
Alternative to 'Menu Editor' extension for Firefox
Web app for making board with lists
Libraries/languages to create animations in web-based game
User-friendly Haskell IDE with console input integration
Asymmetric encryption software for Windows
What free HTML editors allow to embed table of contents into the HTML document?
Create PDF in .Net
Looking for popup cheat sheet for windows
Software, extension, or similar to remove select results from Internet search
What open-source tool you will suggest for deployment and management of operating systems?
Video stabilizer software for Linux
Java Caching library with ability to expire individual elements are different times
Multiple desktops on multi-screen Windows 7 with one screen keeping the same desktop all the time
Linux software for measuring network throughput, latency and jitter
SVG viewer for a quick browse through many SVG files
Render inline PDF form and submit to .NET server
Software that converts Audio to Video
Local bookmark manager for Linux (Kubuntu)
Real time temperature monitoring and logging
Mobile development with JavaScript - too many options, what to choose?
Online text editor like one used in StackExchange
Software to allow people to read my PDF but not print nor copy it (free alternative to Artistscope Copysafe PDF Protector)
JavaScript optimizer for Windows 8
Current forum software that has NNTP support and/or uses an NNTP back end?
Framework or CMS to build e-learning webapp
Software activation solution
Automatically remove white borders from pdfs, no OCR, command line
How to batch delete files based on their checksum matching an existing list of checksums
Recording software that records last X seconds from when you hit record
Touchscreen driver that just makes people stop touching my screen
C++ Library to plot points and save as image
Android development using Android Studio or Xamarin using Visual Studio
How to trim and edit mkv video file with subtitle at the same time?
Different passwords for different folders in shared drive. How?
Windows software to see individual images inside of an icon file
Detect, identify & Extract Screenshots from iPhone using combination of iOS app & Windows program
Picture viewer for OS X fast and good handling
Recommendations for a visual Wikipedia table editor?
Locate and select web element in Chrome?
Is there any way or software by which I can monitor my home WiFi?
HTML5 video player that is cross-platform
TypeScript compiler for Python
Visualization library in Python and computation in c++
Software editor supporting TeX maths, code highlighting, & specific requirements
Website live chat app with WhatsApp integration
Malware and Virus Scanning Software with a Programmable API for live scanning file bytes
Document and receipt management (a replacement for Neat Receips)
What public cloud could support OpenStack in a hybrid cloud deployment?
eBay full purchase history
Document Management for Mattermost
Replacement for YazSoft's Speed Download - Mac
Tool to recover lost folder hierarchy and file names?
Software to manage files (with tags)
Open-source gratis MS-Exchange e-mail replacement
Collecting performance and runtime metrics in cpp
embedded database for mysql workbench
Good HTTP load balancer options
HIIT timer variant for Android
Is there any good software to convert (multilayer) DXF to shapefile?
Windows image viewer with greyscale and sepia preview at once
Sync software (like Seafile or Owncloud) for Windows and Android use
Open source software for medical image processing
Tool to remove upgrade to Windows 10 prompt
Easy to install AngularJs charting
Fast server-side language or framework
Adding links to a reference list as mentioned in a PDF
Visual Programing Editor in JavaScript for embedded systems with C runtime library
Realtime WordPress Backup Plugin
USB antivirus scanner
ToDo lists, tasks, and notes for Mac OS X and iOS
Free software to define mouse hotspots, like "point to upper left -- display off"?
Software for converting MP4 to animated GIF
Tool to extract text from multiple URLs and place in a file
Retrieve lost videos from my mobile phone without rooting it
Map an area from a smartphone GPS
Self-hosted web IDE for web development
Crop out the surrounding white space of the image in the clipboard
Dashboard/visualization tool with ElasticSearch, MySQL and custom (REST?) data sources and intuitive filter tools
Tool for advanced lossy JPEG optimization
Web development code editor for Mac
Firefox add-on To Open A List Of Sites With IE By Default
A web browser used in mobile phones to be used on desktop
Software to download all images from an entire website
Stop motion animation software
Control Android device from PC with linux
Free remote desktop software for real time screencasting
Tool that pastes multiple values into multiple fields
Is there any Text-to-Speech engine that sounds credibly human?
Web framework for a personal website
Windows app to hold multiple items in clipboard
Archive file format / viewer that works like ordinary folders
What open source software exists to run an Institutional Review Board (IRB)?
Word count of selection in a PDF file
Effective solution to store and manage useful links
RSS feed concatenator
Converting .cda files to .mp3 and CD ripping
Which database support scalability and availability?
Notepad++ plugin for multiline Search & Replace
Backup software with dedup, remote/cloud and BMR option
Office automation: Messages and workflows, with individual dashboard
wxMP3gain equivalent for FLAC files
Duration-based task tracking app that emits sound and starts automatically the next task
A WiFi (countdown) timer for Android?
Linux Markdown editor with Pandoc export support?
Is there a portable telnet client for windows that supports ASCII out of the box?
NTFS driver for MacBook Pro (OS X)
Keep/search/retrieve my quotes
c# extract dependencies of a given method
Multiple application 'base' configuration definitions stored in.....Enterprise Arch/CMDB/etc?
What .net libraries can I use to synchronize in-memory object graph over multiple machines?
Open source application(s) for tomcat that use jdbc
Android app to easily deny Internet access to apps, does not show apps that don't use it in the first place
Suggestions for Distributed File System
Open source internal (enterprise) survey software with LDAP integration?
Debian based portable Linux distro
A PDF editor for Linux
Program to scan for randomly generated emails
Software to keep track of an aging parent living alone
Encrypted and password-protected folder on Windows 10
3D Modeling Software for Tires
Project management & tracking program for small team
Online appointment book
Music tune to note decoder
A mail client like Windows 10 Mail for all operating systems
Gratis software to remove black bars from a movie
On a web page, embed stream of images from a particular hastag on social networks
Multiple start options for Visual Studio
Browser extension that can magnify one portion of a YouTube playing video
Firefox add-on to hide a window on a selected day
Duplicate image finder with folder options
Need to leave WordPress as blog is growing; what CMS could I use?
Efficiently sorting photos into directories while viewing them in a fullscreen slideshow?
Motion detection in a large number of photos from a webcam
A Linux editor to publish to Wordpress.com and Medium.com?
A mac tool to fill placeholders before pasting
Free audio recorder that mixes different audio sources (microphone, Discord, no other apps)
Is there a database tool that will automatically move Dropbox folders after a user presses a button?
Open source download manager for YouTube, Vimeo etc
user friendly search function for spreadsheet/database
Comprehensive Technical Documentation Tool
Software library to create large excel files serverside
Audio editor written in Java
Video chat for long distance, limited bandwidth users?
Block self from reopening timewasting sites for X minutes after they were closed
Modern and free LDAP virtual directory server
Software to read KCacheGrind files on Mac
Open Source tools similar to Security Monkey for Azure?
Software to see ALL the JS errors on site like console
Is there a purely command line tool to generate call hierarchies for c++?
Tool for generating all combinations of a parameter space (for testing)
Free portable Message Sequence Chart Generator
Parental internet filtering software that can block specific content rather than just whole domain names
Software solution for mono speakers in Windows 7
Free PDF editor for OS X, as alternative to Adobe Acrobat
Software for training and event management
How can I convert a video of a simple text slideshow back into a slideshow file?
Is there a free desktop pdf editor?
Lightweight, multi-platform, remote desktop program running directly
How to run PHP using Python?
Convert screen video from FBR to AVI
Complex analysis: plotting images of curves after applying complex transforms
GUI-based file search utility, (with Arch Linux package)
Program measuring sound and generating an equalizer profile
Is there a web service for email lists?
A text editor similar to Dreamweaver CS4
Delicious doesn't seem to work anymore, any alternative out there?
Poster layout generator?
Software to delete lines in a text file
Looking for an on-premise agile project management software
What module can I use in Python that reads ID3 tags in FLAC, ALAC (m4a), and MP3 files?
Can anybody suggest software that can be used to annotate designs to provide users with feedback/prompts etc?
Free SaaS machine learning that exports to PMML, with bayes, random forest, NN, SVM, and decision trees
How to document (describe in HTML) Oracle schema?
'rs'-like command line util for working with text arrays in more than 2 dimensions?
Online tool to add amounts of memory from a table
Is there any free software that can open InDesign files?
Recommendation for a Wordpress Page builder with specific requirements
Warning when I click a button that could have been pressed through a keyboard shortcut
Memoizing build system
A Chrome extension to clean and deobfuscate long referral URL links?
Searching the menu bar in Microsoft Windows
Flash like SVG Animator Tool for Mobile?
Software for signing a PDF file with a smart card
Photographer - Need a gallery script
Software for hardware enforced data backup?
App lock for iPad Mini
Search and click any textual button in Microsoft Windows
Software for sharing files and printers among different computers in a WiFi network
IDE with preview of HTML, CSS and JavaScript websites
Open source self-hosted encrypted chat system
A web storage site with direct file link
Generate Microsoft Word documents from plain text + style definition
Container-based virtual machine solution like Docker?
Rapid web/app development tool for creating mockups
Tool to display statistic whatever GitHub project is maintained
Online drawing program that supports PVC parts?
How to provide code coverage in exploratory manual testing (without unit tests)?
Surface 3D modelling with meshing
One-to-many audio CD duplication software (Windows 10/XP, Linux)
Automatically enable/disable mobile data mobile on Android devices
Remove text from image
Is there a TODO.TXT client that allows nesting of tags?
Browser extension for easier copy or search of selected text
Full-featured Windows-based Android file explorer
GUI for git for creating multiple commits at once
Password manager for the Linux command line
AngularJs "fog of war"
Cooking diary and recipe app which allows multiple pictures
Linux graphical application for filling up a database
GitHub-flavored Markdown-enabled online editor to integrate in own CMS
Win10 volume and speaker control (split audio to more devices)
What kind of Forum platform is this?
Desktop environment for a touchscreen 2-in-1 laptop for an Ubuntu system
Music sharing server with Web portal
Free open source antivirus for Windows
Portable font viewer for Windows
Geocoding API which provides city/region/country/etc details with a single request/response
Software to help understand source code
Cross-platform virtual disk or volume
Manga reader with automatic downloads
Alternative to cPanel (With File Manager)
A multi-function offline calculator for Windows
Replace Thunderbird: Mail, CalDAV & CardDAV
Tool to send personalized mails
Video/audio chat programs that offer end-to-end encryption that do not let the service know of the content?
Android volume control to allow low volume
Assign "back" and "forward" buttons to a keyboard shortcut
Online judging/scoring system
Software to Extract and Organize text from Docx
Mobile security and vulnerability analysis tool
Print two-sided flash cards for learning on paper
Android: Proxy or VPN server?
Android and iPhone app automation tools
Firebase alternatives for Android?
College/university time table generator
Program to get rtsp stream and dump on virtual camera?
Sound for dual monitors: software that will allow me to set sound streams 'per monitor' on windows
Software to copy Windows 10 onto a virtual hard disk for Virtual PC or VMWare
Software to monitor all disk writing
Chrome extension for opening files directly?
Sandbox for Windows applications
Website File Download Page
GUI-based version control tool for MySQL
Merging multiple MP4 video
Is there a code analysis tool that can reduce my conditional branching?
OS for key ceremony
Xposed module to disable 'connected to WiFi network whatever'
Imaging free space only
Assembly Debugger
Place the title of the current tab in the clipboard with a keyboard shortcut in Google Chrome
Transactional package manager (software/configuration installer/upgrader)
Looking for one or two modules related to locking and update scheduling
Exporting a Google spreadsheet chart as a vectorial image (PDF, SVG, etc.)
Star trail software
System for user reports of certain incidents
Advanced Command Prompt Replacement
Web application to manage user subscriptions and account renewals
boost::program_options (command line parser) alternative that can process arguments in order
Web app to quickly share pieces of text with other computers?
Header-based C++ logging library
Multi-track event planning system
What programming language should I use to generate word lists of Google Ngram raw data
Offline Android OCR receipt scanner
Looking for Delphi 7 for 64-bit windows 7 . free download?
Hiren's BootCD replacement
Translation manager
Software to access my development server over internet - ubuntu
Recommendation for Windows Server 2012 R2 start menu
Envelope address printing software
Rule engine that stores rules in a property file or in the database
Offline font identifier
Web-browser for heavy browsing, alternative to Chrome
CMS with no PHP
Convert PDF files to wiki?
Utilize a webcam on a Linux PC to a Windows PC
Enterprise search for e-commerce catalog/site
Facial recognition software that can perform an internet search by detected patterns
iOS offline music player that can import/download from cloud (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc)
Is there any PDF reader like Foxit Reader, for Linux?
Sort pg_dump output
Channel distortion/noise simulation on recorded audio files
Tool for migrating oracle table to CSV file
Self hosted intranet for Employee Engagement communication and collaboration
Python library to get filename of content downloaded with HTTP
DNS server with filtering
Simple business intelligence tool for scheduled reports
Project/Task Management Software quest
JS uploader allowing me to select the folder
Mind-mapping framework that is possible to export/import in javaScript
Any software that draws a focus effect like filter on top of the screen
Is there a program similar to Adobe Capture for Linux?
Record the travel distance of the pointer throughout the day on Microsoft Windows
Browser plugin to open domain in responsive viewport by default
C++ numerical integration library
Portable convert excel to mysql
Is there a app similar to CrystalDiskInfo (used in desktop machine) for android phone
Syncing music and playlists across multiple devices
Library for converting PDF/DOC(X)/XLS to EPUB in Android
Which is the best, free, calendar application for Windows
Open-source packet capture apps in Android
Code editor to find in files using CSS selectors / Emmet abbreviations?
Quadcopter controller/autopilot with permissive license
Free/ Open Source/ Cheap: Lean & light way to Backup & Restore few INI/ CFG files?
Paper Trading App with API compatibility
App/Extension to monitor a webpage for keywords
Weather forecast applet for Ubuntu
Creating anamorphic typography in CAD program
Trusted free tool for securely deleting files on Windows?
files folder compare / search in all subfolders for Windows / Linux
Linux game with hotseat multiplayer
configurable virtual keypad for touchscreen windows 10
TODO App with Sharing Feature for VIEWING Only, Not Assigning Tasks to Others
Local photo tagging application that will do face recognition
Free website blocker for Android tablet
Need a copy/sync tool to deploy asp.net website
SQL Data verification framework?
Image history in Google Chrome
Podcast application for Android and Windows
Android password manager that imports LastPass passwords
Eclipse plug-in that keeps track of the most recent functions and/or variables used, and gave a keyboard shortcuts to access them
How can I get computer generated content approved/edited by humans that qualify?
Free touch-typing tutor for Mac?
Is there a java caching library to preload the results of slow running functions?
incremental backup manager for filesystem and database on php
Is there a software that allows you to prioritize the peers of a torrent based on their location?
Extend the DHCP lease time by spoofing a device
Applying a generic transformation to a set of files incrementally
Local Reverse Image search for comparison
Web order/request pool
online plan draw software/scripts
What data visualization tools/BI tools to use in web application?
PDF anonymizer  remove potentially identifying metadata
Display whitespace characters in browser
Photo Downloader for Facebook/Instagram
Alternative Calendar app for Mac
Look for web application to guide front line staff complete complex procedure
SharedPreferences Backup Tool for Android
Poll that allows users to add options, but not see results
A service or something to redirect a URL to a local file
Timeline app that offer private embeddable timelines
LaTeX editor that can insert images automatically
WP plugin to change post category *multiple times* based on date
A tool to test website speed on local host
Free file storage, working as Git/GitHub, Windows, portable
Password manager for Android, Linux, and Windows
Python script to obtain status of files/folders
An open-source cross between an IDE and a text-editor?
What (open source) audio manipulation programs are most popular with Blender users?
Disable copy / paste locally (browser, extension, etc.)
Chome with classic Menu Bar
Best e-commerce solution to add product customization within checkout page? (not product page)
Console Linux tool to check whether someone is in the room or not, using webcam and microphone
Any Computer Vision library that can detect and recognize my face?
Firefox extension to track network requests across tabs
Looking for a responsive XML editor written for the web-browser
Machine Learning Multiclass Classification for thousands of Classes
Linux software for simulating electric circuits
Command-line tool for cloning repositories
Downloading all PDFs corresponding to a list of references
Dating script or software
Sublime text package for formatting/aligning variable declarations
Expose a directory on my server for download over HTTP
Player for streaming audio/video on Drupal 7
Is there any Google Chrome extension that adds search sights like Findbar Tweak extension for Firefox?
Simple Screen Capture for Mac OSX
Personal finance application with share management
IDE that tracks changes in the scrollbar
Android App to create simple sheet music to save melodies
What plugin / 3rd-party software would you recommend to setup OBS to stream to Skype or sites such as Appear.in?
BPM / Workflow software for personal use
Improved watch: run command repeatedly, showing differences in output
iOS podcast app that supports listener notes
Video editor able to merge files
WordPress plugin to show number of days since last post
Generate UML diagrams from Java code
Offline codebase browser for Android
Customizable speech recognition
software RAID alternative with file-level striping (not block striping)
Javascript library to parse quantities of items
A web scraper that recursively grabs all links on a page
PHP CMS/Blog Platform with easy standalone HTML template integration
open-source PHP webapp for hierarchical chore todo list
Are there any programs that create fonts with minor imperfections?
Listing items on eBay
Software to change network adapters MAC Address on a Windows PC
Cross platform drive partition analyzer
Filter/Highlight areas on a map by critera
Notetaking / iPad Pro / Pencil / no Cloud
Firefox extension to close the Find Bar when clicking anywhere on the page
Screen capture tool with uploading to a server for Ubuntu?
Email program for Mac OS X supporting GMail's inbox categories (Primary, Updates, etc.)?
Operating system with option to connect to other LAN PCs via RDP
Software to block keyboard of laptop during video conversation
Malware scanner for websites code?
A tool or online service that shows my traceroute results on the map
Employee Assistance Program website software
Windows tool to split/join large files into 4gb chunks to get around FAT32 limitations
No Coding Required Database Management Tool (CRM?) Equivalent to Microsoft Access
Windows tool to find duplicate folders
Android openGL cryptocurrency miner
Dock "extension" on OS X
Help system for a desktop Java application?
Images database/API service of all major cities
Free cloud storage app for android
Android camera app that can record sound while recording slow motion video
Program to monitor file usage and access
Command-line access for office365 calendar
Markdown editor for OSX (ssh connection) navigate through ftp folder to load and upload modified .md
Program searching and visualising all simple paths between two vertices in undirected graph
View websites that expect JavaScript, without executing JavaScript
Customer Download Access Management
Windows: Access or Mount an FTP Server in Read-Only Mode?
Syncing software with 2 way sync and no deletions
Convert NTFS volume to exFAT
APK Zip Extractor
Malware and Antivirus scanner for web servers (free alternative to ISPProtect)
Convert text to be written with symbols (lines, underlines for copyright in code files)
Word processor with infinite page feature
Import/Remove Subtiles to Video no reencoding
Disc cloning tool with the option to exclude folders
A tool like Jenkins, but not focused on Software: General Job Executor
Record video from iPhone to Mac (Camera, not Screen)
Free Microsoft Project file (.mpp) viewer
Serving MP4 files to HTML5 video, suitable tool, on Linux?
Web app to serve images and record number of viewers
Tool to generate .htaccess HTTP 301 redirects for site migration
Free fax web app with an emphasis on privacy and security
Temporarily disable popups on Android (Facebook, Snapchat, LINE, etc)
Software for taking video from camera at 1 FPS
Webapp for determining which sentences in a text file have changed?
Kit to read 2D barcode from image for Linux, with PDF417 support
Gardening Android app
python implementation or launcher able to run both 3.x and 2.x code
Display timeline chart of activities timed to music for a group of performers
Gratis MySQL visual query builder
Software to extract colors from images
App for long audio?
DAISY player with GUI
Cheapest software with MIDI support and sound effects
Sharing sound devices between Linux and Windows machines
Webapp to let users choose what RAW pictures I should edit
Standalone HTML Snippets Libary for eCommerce
UML diagramming software which is free for students?
JavaScript library to create railroad-style grammar diagrams
Git server for large number of heavy files
Software to search XML files which match an XPath
Document data on webpage at certain times or hourly
Android messenger with whatsapp-like interface, but using e-mail
Store billions of rows with no relation
Tool for searching values in another processes memory
App to store hours of operation of favorite places in town
How to quickly watch security camera video clips?
Software to calculate the speed of objects in videos
Online collaborative list without registration
Tool to resize windows instead of moving them
WordPress newsletter plugin
Web browser extension to minimize memory usage
Simple Editor with PCRE support
App to upload images to a custom map
Easiest full text search engine for a small corpus with proximity search
Android plain text notes app supporting Markdown
Software to compress, and browse, a website with 1000s of pages
How do I effectively compile audio messages in android?
On-the-fly encryption solution for external drive
Best software for reviewing schematics and library from Altium?
Component Dependency Matrix for JavaScript
Sunrise Calendar Alternative
OS X Freespace Secure Delete / Erase Scheduler
Quick, secure Text Snippet/File sharing app?
duplicate finder with batch/manual processing and passing destination dir from cmd
Android alarm clock app that respects holidays
Music Player with delayed playback function for dance
Plugin to achieve drag and drop effect of blocks using Javascript
Community Messaging Web Application
Video Editor with custom resolution support
Webapp to convert all dates in an unstructured text to a different timezone
Loop over N git repos
IPad app to synchronize documents, while limiting the ability to share them
Create video file with multiple audio tracks
Reporting framework can be customized by end user
Framework for cross-platform development
Email signature creator
Hypervisor to embed in my product
FLOSS SVG animation / video editing software with both WYSIWYG and XML editor
Internal Email / Daily News Feed
Remotely administrate Android devices in the same network (no cloud!)
C++ Neural Network Library
Software to replace multiple text strings in multiple files
Fast matrix operation library for Android App
Technology for multiplatform 3D + 2D mobile app
Monthly calendar view with event bars spanning days proportionate to time-of-day
Download all pictures from a whole website
Removing optional braces in code
Voice chat app that does not reveal my IP or other real-world details to other users
dual sim mobile data usage monitor
App that lets me read my "Saved" Reddit posts offline on Android?
Is there a tool to open a new page in Firefox in an already opened profile?
Open source face swapping Android app
Map of nearby ATMs as well as the type of cards it takes and the fees
what is the graphing software that can plot points?
Exchange text between web/desktop and devices
App for locating lost Android / iPhone devices by playing sound
Software to automate a phone call, send DTMF tones, and transcribe the responses
Automatically restart unresponding programs Microsoft Windows 7
Online PDF viewer with permalinks on pages
By which software/website this animated video was created?
Mobile app to practice rhythm
Read aloud (text-to-speech) a PDF file?
Monitor Hardware on Windows
HTML link harvester
Video app for Samba
Rails-like mvc framework for nodejs?
Turn off wireless after a wireless disconnect
Software to extract branch data from directed network diagram
Monkey testing filesystem operations within a Windows folder
Tool to visualize merging and branching operations in TFVC
Organise videos
ERP, CRM (with sales support), and integrated DMS
Webcam-based behavior analysis of users reading a MS Word file
Visual Basic to Python Converter (Not Online)
A lightweight rich text editor with well formed HTML5 in Javascript?
Program that can permanently crop a PDF without decreasing quality or increasing file size?
Convert PDF with tables to Excel, Mac OSX
Extend system drive (C:) partition in windows 10
What are tools to extract text from PDF?
Customisable Image Resizing Server
Recursive search and replace with PCRE
free PDF reader with zoom
OCR software to convert pdf to doc in Farsi
how to build wysiwyg GUI/CMS in web application?
Web app for hosting PDFs while preserving links
Web scraping tool to scrape a dynamic page based on current day
Webpage editor (wysiwyg) replacing Frontpage
Create a barcode on PDF form
Tools for measuring test coverage of VDHL code
Efficient Poisson solver compatible with MPI
Fixing the height of "character boxes" in PDFs
Dynamic diploma generation
PostgreSQL front end for adding, viewing and updating values
Private poll webapp where participants can add new items
Experience with database repair tools for mdf files?
Online mockup/wireframe tool
Resizable Git Bash for Windows
Remote Windows explorer
More configurable gmail filtering
Personal CV manager with content-customization output
Python library for visualization of RDF graph
Is there any library that can parse free form numbers?
WPF Template Recommendation Free
3-way merge tool for C#/SQL/Javascript development on Windows - BeyondCompare or Kdiff3 or?
Software for storing contacts
Super complex database visualization
Software for drawing napkin-style architecture diagrams?
Discrete Event Simulation Software
Parallel version of SIFT?
Self hosted service to monitor a HTTP endpoint (for change) and trigger an event
WYSIWYG CSS editor that can convert XML via XSLT to HTML
GUI drag & drop style GUI Builder for Python Tkinter
Student Kiosk software for Windows that can limit applications & websites
Is there a desktop file manager which uses HTML+CSS for window layout?
Adding DOIs in Google Scholar results
Synaptics driver for Windows 10 (Acer Aspire E1-571)
What should I use to create an app like Buffer Pablo (demo inside)?
Free way to develop Windows CE apps?
MySql command line with auto-complete
Channel changing surround sound solution
Detect video file corruption
Watch movies remotely with a friend
Software to 'sketch' graphs
Good scripting language with int64/uint64 support which can be embedded
Free site to show code development bogs/webpages?
Open source personal journal
Document Management System for Health Clinic
Any easy-to-use Machine Learning application?
Interactive chart visualization with website integration
iOS app to slowly volume fade out volume
Editable content on your site
What is the best frontend program for my database needs?
Is there a PHP markdown parser supporting Telegram's syntax?
JavaScript table library
Tool to list all current Windows 10 Hotkeys?
Write an article/web-document with mathematical formulas; Android/Windows
android music player to sort/select by album
Full screen widget-like webpages
Need replacement for Windows Live Mail
Windows software to delete files matching criteria when drive space is low?
Online survey webapp that takes participants names but does not link with their answers
Which version of Ubuntu for JDK 7?
Public transport maps editor
Recommendation about PHP OAuth plugins
Freeware to remove visible hyperlinks from PDF documents
Need a Software to compress videos
Software for profiling people
Free 3D fractal generation
Which Frontend technology I should used with backend java for Inventory management System
Browser that doesn't support cookies
What client tool can I use to test PXE?
Minimal Extendable Open source Software for web access to video camera feed on a windows 10 tablet
Somthing like these plugin?
Get country from coordinates in linux
Support ticketing system for multiple clients
Fastest JDBC driver for SQL Server
Anyone know of any other alternatives to Edraw Office Viewer Component or Office Components?
Two-pane graphical file manager for Linux remembering the editor position
A good alternative to Opera 12.17? (with web browsing and native email client)
Need software to recover a NTFS partition from drive with corrupted partition table
Chrome bookmark duplicate removal extension
Browser with lowest CPU/memory usage
Video Trim software for AVC video
Tool to keep track of the Google rank of my website for a particular search
Let visitors easily and quickly report broken website pages
Graphical tool to search Subversion revisions of a file
Android alternative to LibreVox
Graphic tools for development
SOAP Client with WS-Security
Task Switcher for Windows & Browser Tabs
A mac app that allows diagramming and handwritten notes, almost like a whiteboard app, that works w/ drawing tablets?
Alternative to G-MScreen in Windows
.NET Linq implementation in Javascript with DefinitelyTyped TypeScript definitions
Code editor, or editor plugin, that can highlight and prettify wikitext
Backup software that works off the pull model
Truly random number generator API
JavaScript library for OCR
A game for a Raspberry Pi to be played with bananas
A simple clean alternative to Microsoft Word
Cross-platform IDE alternative to MS Visual Studio - other than Eclipse CDT
Employee Training & Procedure Log
Android Emulator that can run on the background and (possibly) show notifications
Heap library for Python on PyPI
Program that stops me from opening certain programs, on Windows 10
Is there a unified wrapper for python's archive compresson packages?
open source Cross-platform toolkit for creating graphical user interface (GUI) with Golang Concurrency Model
Data recovery of 5.25" floppy disks using bootable GNU/Linux distros?
Software to teach my class from distance
Java library to calculate the semantic distance between two documents
Codec to view .CR2 (canon raw) in Windows 10?
Mirroring my actions on multiple computers (for multiboxing games)
IBM Rhapsody - alternative IDE?
open-source twitter scheduler for posting text & media tweets
Tool to post topics and vote and comment, with a search feature to show if a similar topic already exists
Replacing "System Menu Extention"
Parallel execution library for Python
Browse available DLL functions and run them interactively
File analyzer and sorter
Android app to record notifications
Plugin to quickly open a text file based on a file name in a text file
PDF to image converter that acts like making a screenshot of a PDF reader
SSL socket Server tool for windows
Easy to use Linux distribution with no/minimal preinstalled applications
CMS for a site with lessons, tests, and scoring of papers
Personal collections management software
Software that can create an intersection, roads and highways
Pause YouTube video without having to switch to its Firefox tab
Version control of linux configuration: /etc and installed packages
Which nosql database will allow me sequential access to data?
Colleagues birthday manager
Simulation and visualization libraries for reinforcement learning in python?
Windows compiler for C# project
Convert Programm, where I can cut now and convert later
Authentication Middleware
Generating PDFs from XML comments
string literals escaping tool for multiple languages
Splitting Large Blueprint PDFs with File Naming
Three.js versus Babylon.js for CAD webapp
Automating GUI operations of Windows applications that are not web-based
Firefox add-on to store custom CSS on specific websites
Relational database engine for Swift developers
Windows text editor with cells
Which software can download YouTube videos in MKV format at 360p?
Looking for legacy code to demonstrate TDD
Easy Java server to create and store forms?
Software to map custom keys on a keyboard / mouse
Software to monitor file copy events
CAD modeller with support for interactive events
Inventory management system for small biz
Browse all servers at the same time
Web browser for local application
Open source proxy server usable through a website with user login
International meeting planner allowing to propose several slots
Page rank service
Tool for collaborative c++ API design
Simple PDF library for Python / Django
Architecture for website with complex workflow in the background
Angular + Node + MySQL : Reporting + Forms + Authentication
Privacy / annoyance configuration tool for Windows 10
Metadata / Exif editor for Mac OS X w/ GUI
Searching for an app that will act as a "tcp tunnel/relay"
Android app to record audio and upload to YouTube as video?
multiple bootable iso on usb flash drive
Code mapping program
iOS app usage tracker
Program to batch process, mirror file structure, rename .mp3 and .wav files
Software to determine relationship between natural numbers
DVD player for Windows 10
Software for opening graphics files in OSX
Software for merging git pull requests on a schedule?
Directed graph viewer for commercial use
Touch-enabled synthesizer like Animoog
What solutions are available for processing large amounts of network traffic in memory?
Ruby implementations written in Ruby?
Automate left-clicks (configurable interval + number) on Debian
Eclipse Plugins for Python Development?
Tiling window manager for Windows
Classic ASP VBScript Fiddle?
OpenSource Security scan tools for REST APIs
Format code spaces to standard (desired) style
Update images in documentation automatically
USB packet sniffer software to look at the data coming from an Xbox controller
Android phone as secondary screen
Stable alternative to Snagit for Mac
Blue screens of death central analysis
Open-Source alternative for Adobe Connect
Extensions adding U2F/Yubikey support to Opera
Java library for text and commenting mark up
Typing software that turns text into a test/game
Remote desktop software for Android/Windows that runs well enough to be used for light gaming
Convert Microsoft Word to PDF of minimal file size
Tool to keep track of our maintainance modifications to many similar websites
An editor to add the content of a PDF file to another PDF
Monitoring a Windows network with graphical tools
VST Host for live keyboard performance
Simple, open source aerodynamics simulation software that can import Blender or Sketchup models?
Enroll in all publicly available MOOCs
"Native" (-vs- 3rd party) browser push notifications for Wordpress
Continuity-equivalent for Android
Emulate instruments with MIDI keyboard
Import my LinkedIn employment and education information into my ORCID iD profile
Knowledge base/wiki system
Can anyone recommend a budget software setups for live guitar gigs?
Web-based contact management software
Shortcuts to surround text by curly braces, and more
Pure Python implementation of a non-recursive Trie data structure
Managing several sets of bookmarks
Xen DomU Remote Management utility
Emulate natural instruments with midi keyboard
Collecting study notes on a single A4 sheet
Editing image files with many icons packed into single file
Trip summary map, using Android's GPS
Tool to generate resource profiles (internal resumes) from a central database?
Web-based email client that works with Microsoft Exchange
Chrome: Mark bookmarked links on webpage
Live chat integration with webapp
HTLM5 / Javascript library to schedule events by resources and dates vertically
Wordpress: restrict sign up as subscriber to selected countries
Java/JS library to detect (not validate) emails and/or phone numbers in text
Finding a Static Site Generator that allows me to add javascript animations using threejs and mathboxjs
Any free software which counts the amount of times a noise occurs in a given video
Windows software to easily enable/disable the Camera & Microphone
Guitar tuner app for Android
Free command line tool to find schema (and data) differences between 2 SQL Server databases
HTML, CSS, PHP Portable Editor
On-premises file synchronization with upload approval workflow
Node.js 2016 - monitoring service
Private ad server with bidding, keyword targeting and native advertisements
Hierarchical outline of project, activities, tasks, sub tasks on Windows & iOS - local sync or cloud?
Software recommendation for a setup that requires fast atomic batch incrementations and fast batch reads of those counters
Create draggable text box for each line of text
OCR Resume Scanning Software
Online rich text editor that allows collaborative commenting and track changes of markdown files
A tool to format text with Unicode combining characters like this
JavaScript seating chart library
Add second counter to a gif file
Import Google Scholar publications into LinkedIn publications
Cross platform sprite creation for game developement
An online IDE that runs R out of the box
Simple quiz related software
Android backup/restore - complete clone, including settings
Gratis Android manager for Windows
Software to build a site like FreeLancer.com
Efficient data store for storing and retrieving Map<Integer,Integer> data structures, and incrementing their values
How to split a HTML files into chapters?
Turn text/PDF into objects in a 3D world you can walk through first person
Application based firewalls for Linux
Good . amr editor for Android (Marshmallow)
Stand alone no-sql database in java
Java Library for Creating ISO that's still supported
Translate a word while reading a PDF on Android
Software to create a map of teammates in the city and moves during the week
Placing the filepath of a file in the clipboard with a shortcut in Windows explorer
Union Multiple Text Files
Creating a pie-chart (superimposed) with data points and connections to the center of the circle and between data points
Screen and audio capture software
Chrome extension to show when I last visited a website
Countdown, Timer & Alarm Clock software with very specific features
A web application to record and share audio files with an expiration date?
Diet planner software
Open source software for Reviews & Rating
MIDI to music sheet converter for Linux
3D fantasy game
Low price audio recording software for Windows
Offline English-German dictionary for Android
Google Chrome extension for canned responses in LinkedIn
Desktop app to browse and copy images with minimal amount of clicks
Tool for designing treeview
Detect changes in a Python library's API
Free application center
Is there an audio player for Android which remembers my last position in a track?
CSV to SQL Insert Statement Software
Backend infrastructure of Dropbox-like platform
Omnivorous video player for iPad
Cross-platform AES LightWeight Encryption Library
WYSIWYG reStructuredText editor
SQL query simplifier tool
Advanced file searching (scan for properties) [Ubuntu/Windows]
Now that Evernote free is limited to two devices, what should I switch to?
Free software for creating maps
Tool to replace json by json
Calculator that can calculate with units
Application for College Inventory Storage Management
Software that can extract tables from PDF files
Webapp to view GPS track and photos on map
Test automation tool for an Android app
Java vs C++ for multiprotocol gateway?
Automating the conversion of FLAC to MP3
Tool for REST API JSON response to CSV
Free File Explorer alternative with dark theme for Windows 7?
Open source HTTP/HTTPS proxy
OCR Software of .TIFF images with auto rotate support
Record video of a specific program identified by its pid
Text editor saving automatically unnamed buffers
Whiteboard iPad app to interactively teach/hold a lecture
Color tagging of desktop windows for fast recognition of similar windows
Linux server management tool
Convert XML to a relational database
Software to crop the image based on the click/coordinates
Windows IDE for Python
p2p video calls (conferencing) on android
Program to quicly remove specks from images
Useful security key/crypto testing software
Automatically pick up a phone call on Google Hangouts, type a few keys, and hang up
Best software to draw in 3D
Simple file upload HTTP server
Image viewer for Windows able to upload to imgur
Text log viewer with columns, filters and multi-line support
Sync an entire drive between two Windows 10 computers on demand, without going to the cloud
What cloud storage software should I use for my company?
What software solution can I use (on Windows 10) to keep all my non-Microsoft software up to date?
Program to generate a CSV file from an image containing a table
Full screen desktop zooming for Gnome/KDE
An ETL software that can identify common columns between tables and append on those columns
Desktop Application that can sync files from dropbox, google drive, onedrive, icloud
Eclipse plugin to get the count of word being searched in the console
Simple eml viewer for Windows
Get alias addresses associated to an email address
VLC remote for Android with huge Play/Pause button
Free, open source C# image resize and optimize library
Windows security software wanted, mix of personal firewall and packet filter
Mac app to convert Markdown to Web
GhostLab alternative, testing website multiple devices
multilanguage source code reformatter / beautifier / pretty-printer
App or program to simulate a gear driven machine
Parse's Data Browser
How to relay several video feeds from one network to another?
Tool to generate SQL database update scripts
Windows software to intercept browser calls
Software for Floor Plan of School
Typing foreign characters without installing keyboard layouts
Push messages from PC to iPad with confirmation system
SSLVPN using server
Any mock implementations of a SSL/TLS server and client?
Handwriting to computer code
Analysis of binary files / alternative to 101 editor's "binary templates"
Alternative to Survey Monkey's Audience & Advanced Branching Logic
Looking for C++ HTTP Server Lib with chunked encoding handling
Software to switch between IP settings
Software Based CMS that allows you to put the admin console on a different port?
How do I slow down my computer?
Solution to let employees modify information displayed on big television
Android Cold Start Analytics
Cross platform GUI library/toolkit covering many platforms
Business Antivirus/Network Security Software for Windows Server
A program to make my computer do a certain thing on a website every 30 minutes for two days
Minification: Renaming/shortening CSS selectors?
Publish my Google Play statistics automatically
Generate documentation from background image, text and screenshots
3rd party Windows/Mac software to log off computer after x minutes of use
Concurrent licensing software
Convert existing categories to Glossary term categories
How can I tail a log with notepad++ without samba?
Linux tty in guest virtual machine for windows 7
Chromium-based browser for Android with add-on-support
Org Chart Software
What can I use to simulate dependency of variables?
Image viewer for Windows with logging of displayed files
Android app to monitor sound decibel levels for an entire day and output to data or graph
Do any compilers support the new C++17 structured bindings yet?
Internet router on Raspberry Pi with easy graphical setup
Free OneNote Alternative?
Best ERP solution for ecommerce site
What free mindmapping software will allow interactive mindmaps to be published?
Android Permissions and Partitions
Client-side encryption for cloud storage
Mailing List For Students
Encryption software for Outlook that runs as a proxy, has a one-use scrtachpad and selectable key strength
Non-stop voice-to-text translation
Software to plot and pan/zoom to analyse
Static C++ code analysis tool: finding the diamonds in a big source code
Subscribing a Gitter Chat / IRC channel to receive Notifications of all new questions of a Tag on Stack Overflow
Affordable real-time stereo reconstruction software?
Server-Client Version Control Software for personal files
What cloud-sync software provides this functionality?
Generate database table diagrams from a PostgreSQL database
Crystal lattice visualization software
Where to find a minimalistic but fully compatible DLNA audio media renderer implementation or XML device description?
Multi-device alarm clock
Heavy-duty time-series charts
Program that understands pasted math from a pdf
Media player that can play files from online sources (like YouTube, SoundCloud, etc.)
Software that can automatically shut down/hibernate my computer
Glyphs vs FontLab, which one is easier and powerful for a beginner user?
Home Backup for OSX and Windows
Which Windows Server License would be most cost effective?
Integratable business planning web-app with API
Visual editor for MySQL views?
Android "Share to"  "Rename file"
Free library to generate simple bar graphs from database queries, within an ASP.net MVC web app
Offline JavaScript speech recognition library
Tool that actually prevents Windows 10 telemetry
Language for small, portable command line utilities
A web search from the Linux command line
SDF (Chemical Table File) parser in any language
PDF as flip book on website
Convert PDF to text, preserving tables
Employee scheduling app
C++ library for abstract math with probability distribution
Program that hides the Windows 10 update
What git GUI tool on Windows and Mac
Number of seeds per torrent
Java GUI designer for Eclipse, free commercial use
Is there a program to emulate a MediaWiki editor?
C/C++ Library for ELF loading
Affiliate Performance Dashboard cumulating multiple Affiliate Networks from Australia and World
What is the best algorithm/library to use to detect vehicles in an image/video?
Data visualization / business dashboard software
Dependency Injection framework for TypeScript and JavaScript (es5)
Looking for a Git GUI which displays GitFlow properly
IDE with debugger able to view and manipulate python pandas dataframes?
Free IIS .NET Wiki
Software tool to manage engineering teams knowledge
Gratis Dynamic DNS service which doesn't require frequent updates?
Mac-like file browser for Ubuntu 16.04
Is there a Wordpress plugin to serve cached content to the public during maintenance?
Converting pdf into HTML5 that the user can turn pages on
Text search and replace
Is there any video calling app that supports proxy?
Looking for a OSX alternative for baretail
Batch PDF editor
Scripting engine embeddable in C++ that can be terminated at will?
Visual Studio pair programming
Mass Software Installer for Windows
Serious Disk Imaging Software for Windows
Excel to CSV Java library
Hash checker addon for Chrome downloads
Portable email viewer / archiving program for Windows or Linux?
Linting tool to disallow inline styles in HTML
Per-article pseudonyms for blogging with option to link them later
'abstract' slab/arena memory management/allocation library
Easy adjustment/alignment of scanned / photographed pages on Linux
A GUI program that converts a collection of images to a film
An ad-free Sudoku app on Android which allows customized board
LiveUSB distro or BootCd or Recovery Disk for repairing NTFS partitions
Software to manage Linux machines
Sms delivery application
Service to call REST endpoint on schedule, parse json reply and perform conditional action
Document/assets versioning and lock software
Code review tool for GitHub
Open Source speech-to-text software for audio files in English
WordPress Instagram feed plugin
A searchable database of articles
Managing Data Entry from PDF in the cloud
Continuous Integration recommendation for a single private repo Android project hosted on GitHub
Linux Management
What installer/software can I use to install multiple applications and services as well as place files in different locations?
How to highlight parts of webpages in Chrome browser, and save for later?
web customer support chat widget allowing you to edit sent messages
Lossless Screenshot Resizer - automatically detect "empty" regions
Web-based, open source book publishing application
Music player with volume control separate from Android main volume
Windows software to compare thousands of files byte-by-byte
Simplistic time tracking application
WordPress plugin/script for interactive element that shows steps/stages
Looking for a tool to create Flowchart from Delphi Source
Redact info from a PDF securely
Collaborative Network Documentation per site
Software for creating custom maps
Android compiler compatible with WinForms
Track changes with in pdf documents for non-Latex reviewers
GRATIS MISRA checker for C
Globe program like Google Earth, but with physical or political map?
Time calculator - a tool to compute the days between two dates
Continuous audio recorder for Android
Is there an app for using multiple phone speakers to play Spotify?
Batch-combining large images
Looking for CMS/Wiki for IIS/SQL Server platform
Software to detect security problems in logs for NGINX or other Unix programs
Mouseover Folder Preview for Windows 10 Desktop
Notes in a Bookmark for Android Mobile Browsers
Copy title of the active window to the clipboard in Microsoft Windows
Stream a movie to a friend
FTP client allowing more than 10 simultaneous uploads for Microsoft Windows
Automatically convert project to use either tabs or spaces for identation, not both
Movable window that makes whatever under it inverted color
Function/library to create a temporary file/directory in Node.js
Software to run photo booth
Mailing list service with integrated image gallery
Embeddable web server for a WinForms app that can serve ASP.NET Web API
Operations workflow documentation system
Software for handling graphs in Python or C/C++
Customizable dependency analysis tool for java/scala
Github project filter
Python library for rendering music notation
Integrating SQLite and remote RDBMS (MySQL?)
Fast tool to mirror a website
Desktop organizer program
jQuery plugin for making a center focus carousel
C99 unit testing framework compatible with Visual Studio 2015+
Setting numlock as a hotkey in Windows (by changing registry values)
More featureful/standard(ish) alternative to Mercurial hgk
Free backlink monitoring tool
Lightweight IDE for Java 8
Like visudo but for XML files?
Browser add-on to invoke JavaScript code on all tabs
C or C++ string formatting library for embedded(!) development
HTML WYSIWYG that has GUI interface for adding <ruby> element
Java library for parsing Javadoc comments
I need an editorial calendar to manage my social updates..any advice?
Way to gather statistical info on a .NET assembly's size
Non-proprietary Presentation / Vector Graphics Animation
10-key Japanese input method for iPad?
Opening several URLs at once
Is there a free text diff GUI tool that allows to show only differences?
Open source note-taking app with tagging
App to take notes and save sources
I want to turn a Windows 10 machine into a Media center Kiosk
Enlarge + Convert image or single page pdf into a multiple page pdf
Tablet app with finger drawing that starts with black background/white pen by default
Way to make a web browser always muted by default?
Windows 10 Dark Colored, Touch based App similar to dropbox
Get email folders statistics from Microsoft Exchange Server 15
I need a calendar that lets me drag and drop files into it as events
Software to help display the "find in page" search
Firefox add-on to shorten a URL with bitly and give it a name
Android Wear step counter that does not use GPS for tracking
Free (gratis) software to clone a Windows boot drive
Display the total number of reads and writes for a given disk in a Linux shell
Converting non-ASCII Unicode symbols into words
Code Editor for Windows 10 with named bookmarks?
Software for performing what-if scenario on cash flow
Best API for ISIN to name and vice versa
I'm looking for an accounting software than can be locally hosted and can be integrated with SugarCRM or PHP
Network traffic logging (http + https)
APK analyzer for Linux
Tools for big CSV files manipulations
Getting the source code out of SAP
Chrome OS text editor with autosave
Simple ECM solution
Browsers with same or similar features like Opera on Presto engine
Command-line util to batch resize PDF files
A weekly schedule generator based on activities duration and available daily time
Monitor typing speed
Python library for apriori algorithm implementation on tabular data
Looking for an embeddable (C / C++ for Linux) HTTP client & server library with range seek and chunked response support
Software to compare code runs
Note-Taking App: expand/collapse paragraphs/subparagraphs for outlining notes (Android)
Web-based bookmark-storage via own webserver?
Command line difftool, git integration, side by side
Multi-Host Network Bandwidth Monitor
Defrag tool for Windows that will move all files to beginning of the partition?
Inbox zero for IMAP
Is there an open-source Chrome / Firefox extension that tracks Gmail message opens and clicks?
Is there a tool to resolve all the included header files based on compiler options?
Choosing a Daw for Ubuntu
Limiting editing options in PDFs or Excel
xUnit results pretty-printing in *nix shell
how to upgrade from Windows 10 to Windows 8?
Automatic translation of messages & conversations in Facebook Messenger, Instant Messaging IM and Chat Apps
Text mark-up for .csv output
Music player (online/desktop) with ability to tag files (not ID3 tag)
Personal proxy server software that filters DNS response and protects against DNS rebinding attacks on Windows?
Tool to run a not-so-old PC game on Windows 10?
Open source software to check whether remote office workers are actually working
Standalone object browser for C#
Proxy server software that can embed/bundle javascript
Python RPC over TCP library
Code review tool which allows to review branches, not just diffs
Graphing Libraries for WPF in the .NET Framework?
Java Libraray to produce plain text markdown or asciidoc
Software/framework in Linux for filtering HTTP traffic?
I need to find mail app for Android which can work with maildir format messages
Is there any inexpensive software that will let me analyse WiFi networks?
(Forum-)Software/CMS for searchable reviews (done as an addon / extension)
Browse already downloaded offline websites
push software changes to different client sites
Android web browser that allows zooming in on any page
Hosted Continuous Integration service for Mercurial repos on Bitbucket
Open Source C++ IDE for Linux
Lodge holiday accommodation software
Firefox extension to let the user open YouTube videos with SMPlayer or VLC conveniently?
Which monitoring and reporting open source software can be used to allow custom queries of the dataset?
Android app to record audio/video without showing on screen
C++ Relational Data Structure Library
Program to add comments to files and folders
Tool to search for dependencies of javascript variables and functions
Advanced reverse engineering software - including kernel mode debuggers
Firefox plugin to help me switch search engine
The most basic Gmail app for Android
Which Drupal module can be used for announcing policy (Terms & Conditions) changes?
DVD/Blu-Ray player that can show a 2.35:1 movie
Packages for smart regression-based imputation of missing data for regression modelling?
Hassle-free Python IDE for GUI development
Software for adding border on Windows
VOIP/IM Server most secure software
Software for automaticaly create hierarchical treemap from a table
File open/read libraries
'Paranoid' download manager with checksum support
Software for interactive webcast recording
Are there any PHP based fleet & route management software out there?
Software for manage small business goods?
API for direct messaging a user in Instagram
x11 file manager with photo preview
Free vehicular traffic simulator
CRM tool for university institution supporting junior researchers
Touch-optimized paint program
Audio player showing timestamps
Free alternative to Anvil Studio
Weather API for Height & Density of Clouds
Library/service/API that can be used to assign relevant tags to content
Web interface where I can draw objects and export PostGIS insert statements
C Server Side ssh library
Software for granular real-time wifi strength monitoring
CMS with API and sync
YouTube viewing app for Android that allows skipping forward/backwards
iTunes replacement for Ubuntu, hierarchical playlists and Android syncing?
What software can be used to make book cover designs?
Free HeatMap Layer Generator JavaScript Library
Diagramming Software
Alternatives to Download Helper?
Backup program for encrypted data for linux
Use second keyboard for shortcuts
Is there a free JavaScript library for creating interactive, user-controlled graphs?
Java code editor & compiler on iOS iPad
Hosting Options for Django, PostgreSQL and Java Cron Job support
Extract Individual Questions from a pdf and convert to images
Android app with images to point at for travelling
Business Intelligence Suite
Child surveillance and monitoring of Internet use
RDP app for Android
software for convolutional neural net for binary image classification
Epileptic seizure alarm plus phone call & SMS Android software
Software for viewing and comparing photo side-by-side
Distributed performance monitor that dynamically uses available Win32_Perf counters
Free Day planner web app
Download manager which would have file indexing and allow descriptions
HTTP proxy that sends outgoing traffic to a specific interface
"Night shift" / blue light filter for Android
Touch-friendly whiteboard
Software to perform static analysis on PHP 5.3 code and help migrate to PHP 5.6/PHP 7
Should I use Flask or Django?
android ink note taking with hyperlinks
Software to organize/save Links/Bookmarks offline
Flashing Mac OS 8 (1997) to bootable flash drive?
Tool that can convert JavaScript so that it can be embedded in (X)HTML without changes?
Pocket's Permanent Library without Subscription
Software for live streaming - sequencing videos and overlays
Android app with basic food and exercise logging per day
Freeform and ISO 8601 duration parser
Is there (free) software than decrypts a single file on Windows and Android?
Software to force me to get out of the computer in a predefined time
Easy to use software for email encryption that has manual key management
Library like Blockly for C++
A better charmap for windows, with string search and latest unicode/emoji characters
What is the software to enlarge the display of an image file?
Serial console to send hex-bytes (COM port)
NDepend for Java
Real Time facial recognition software that can capture mouth and eyes
Web-based network configuration control panel for Linux hosts
An assistant for REGEX editing
POS extension that can be used inside a brick-and-mortar store
Time tracking app for mac w/ special requirements
Windows PC as server (for Mac users)
Video editor that can read a movie maker's project file and burn to DVD
Webchat for LAMP server with moderation & other features
SFTP client that uses Mosh?
Touch based volume out for windows 10 touchscreen
Locally hosted web application for PDF redaction
Field Data Collection and Automation
Using handheld QR Code scanner to launch program & perform action
Write free hand on MacBook pro
software for comparative debugging
Download when needed (NAS like) client for cloud service
How to view GPX files, created by OSMTracker on desktop?
Software for creating lines of equal traveling time on streets from given point
Simple Java webapp to create/read/update/delete rows in database
Is there Java Gimp API for manipulating images
Markup compatible notepad
Offline tool for validating a json file with respect to a json schema
Is there a GUI program to copy files selected in a tree view?
Open source Eclipse plugin that identifies and maps the code base against different layers
Software to generate fake user names and avatars
Multiplatform messaging app with offline message support
Tool that automatically organize short descriptions by topic
Implementing a help system for a Python3 desktop app
Keycast alternative in Ubuntu 16.04
Windows 7 like taskbar for Linux
An open alternative for Evernote?
Tools to measure statistics of a connection
Is yoasts seo plugin only for sites hosted by wordpress
Cloud storage for files that shouldn't be changed
OS X open source photo library manager
Is there a reliable approach to block Facebook's new stealth ads?
IDE plugin to step back in debugger mode in Java
Mock-up software that does NOT generate code, but USES code in its own active environment
IDE for HTML5 that flags previous versions of HTML
Mirroring a website like I see it after running JavaScript
Modern, Cross-Platform Game Engine with Requirements
Drag & Drop canvas trimmer for transparent PNGs?
In place recovery of 6 TB external hard drive (repair File Allocation Table)
Short 2D Animation Video software for HTML5 display
Universal shopping account?
Software to verify digital signatures on executable files
Android install/uninstall log
Attendance Registration System
Portable database for winforms app
Licensing Activation Software
Voice activated personal audio recorder with live rewind (time shifting) and wall clock stamping
Music player with "time tags/marks"
Free vpn software for windows 10
A time limit/goal tracker on application usage for Windows?
Is there a free DRM solution for mp4 files?
Chrome Extension to withdraw activity log
Android camera app for "non-linear" picture component piecing together
software to automate changes to windows and window properties?
Receiver-initiated file sharing
Kali Linux video player?
Remote Apps Solution
What's the best Windows archive tool (WinRAR, WinZip, etc)?
PNG viewer that displays alpha channel as transparent
Allow guests to edit nodes with secret URLs, and to claim these nodes when creating user accounts
Project Management software or hosted solution for teams
Bookmarker that saves the page HTML for offline archive
Pixel-perfect 2x (3x, 4x) scaling of screen resolution
Inkscape alternative for scientific schematic figures
Fast IMAP client with Idle, pipelining, triggered both-way sync
Is there a character-wise text difference tool?
Stock market simulator with time compression
Per-program, per-website bandwidth limiting software
Chrome: Permissive adblocker, that whitelists pages by default?
Screencast live from Ubuntu to TV
Improved python interpreter
Web reporting from SQL Server
Software to backup/restore these settings in Windows
Linux desktop with retro look
Android alternative to Briss? (To split PDF pages.)
Recommendations for Anti-Virus and Firewall
Sync Solution with automatic restore of deleted files
Android software to play video with sound from different file
What enterprise shop system should we use?
Organize my routines, diets and tasks
interactive diagramming tool
Extension for Live Magento Inventory?
Freeware that detects entities in pictures
Software or API that lets us payout a custom amount of money automatically
Transcriber software for windows?
Good way to store data hierarchically?
Record a sound and play it back after a user-defined delay?
Freeform canvas and multiuser note taking for OS X and Windows
C++ open source library for curve fitting
"Open-ended" Markdown parser library for .NET/Mono
ocr of (text)books but retain section information
Web-based tool to make analytics from a MySQL database
Application for Start Menu > Programs Menu to Organize in Categories, without damaging the Programs Menu?
A java-based library for FCA
Online scheduling that takes varying transit times into account when offering scheduling options
C++ CSS inliner
Demographic Database or API
Windows Software to constantly record the last X minutes of desktop activity
Software to create SF2 soundfonts
Tool to translate Python to JavaScript
Android app for speed limit with customization
Any way to recover data mobile
Word: tool to convert numeric string to heading style
How can I easily develop C# in Ubuntu (without monodevelop)
Open Source Multimedia Gallery
Complex SQL Query visualizer
Know if an image is similar
Estimated finish time app for treadmill running on iOS
Is there a mobile app to cache the content of a private MediaWiki instance?
App which tells me the note I sing/hum?
regex to code converter (code generator)
Screenshot and Editing on OS X
Automatically backup photos from iOS
Updated alternative to AntiFreeze
Free online XML editor
Revertable file system - similar to Windows Volume Shadow Copy
Gratis alternative to KernelCare
Application to scan and recommend Services and Startup apps you can safely disable
Offline Video Subtitle creator for Windows?
Software to change fan trigger CPU temperature
Android app for joining several photographs into a larger flat image
Light weight alternatives to Teamviewer on Raspberry, Android type devices & Tiny linux distros?
Software to distinguish music from spoken text
Which software do I need for taking the values from video
Encrypt my external hard disk (Linux + OS X + Windows)
Digitize old board games
I need automated file transfer software for Windows
Tool for sketching / drawing / painting quickly (Linux / Ubuntu)
Android root explorer, that can write to system folders
Android app to kill background applications?
Easy to use web interface for an existing FTP server
Connecting Two Android Mobile And Laptop On Same Wi-Fi Connection
javascript/jQuery plugin for formatting radio buttons and checkboxes
Editor with a live preview/rendering of MoinMoin Wiki (.moin) files
Command line based UPnP / DLNA controller for Linux
PERT chart javascript library
Highly extensible open-source web desktop
Android app for blocking a number that the caller doesn't notice
Key Value Store with public HTTP server
Linux distribution for programmer
Unified reporter/formatter for ESLint/Plato/Mocha/Istanbul
Tool that scans and finds DLLs that have been deemed vulnerable
A distributed (on-demand) build system
Online shop that accepts credit cards and PayPal
Desktop email client similar to Inbox by Google?
What Mac program or browser plugin can I use to download all hyperlinks within a text file?
Software for importing lat,lon and displaying Mercator projection
Windows process supervisor / supervisord with web interface
Generic query and display system for JSON stored in a database
Looking for a tool or library to randomly rewrite HTML to a different DOM tree with same or similar visual result
Best Drop-In Ecommerce Platform for Existing Store Website?
Paint tool / Image editor specifically for creating pixel art
Distributed build system for Rust
What tool could be used to develop multi-platform games with libGDX?
Compile old Delphi and C++ Builder source code
program to automatically add file metadata graphically into image
OS X cli program to fetch mail headers and (sometimes) messages
Time track software
Android feature rich PDF viewer/editor for free
Triangulation on a GPS map
Software to add border to photos in bulk
Decision tree software similar to AnswerPath and Zingtree
Software to easily transfer windows between mobile/desktop/laptop
Desktop web calendar with Google and Exchange support
Reference Manager
Python headless browser library for Oauth2 authentication from IPython console
Hosting of user manuals
Analysing brightness of individual pixels in an image, with regional histograms
Tool to determine if any HTTP bookmarks can be replaced with HTTPS equivalents (Firefox)
Free alternative for threadfix?
Is there an app on Linux similar to superputty on Windows?
A simple open-source offline bill management system
Voice Memo on iPad
Mulitchannel music creation program with samples
Other PaaS similar to Cloud Foundry
Mobile chess app that allows take backs?
Convert multiple .m4a or wav audio files to mp3
Thunderbird add-on to delete Russian emails
rdp clients on windows with command line support
Face recognition software
Sync my Dropbox, Onedrive or OneNote with my personal FTP server?
need sqlite data content compare
Open source (or at least freeware) software for using any MIDI controller on Windows
DVD Ripper for TV Shows that perferms lookups of episode names
Solve Algebra Equations in bulk
Software that takes a user specific number of pictures from a video
Open source software to create videos
Media player with thumbnails over timeline
Block all images in Firefox but see only those I want
Download Image from Keywords
TotalRecorder software audio capture filter alternative for Windows
Process Monitor equivalent for Raspberry
Create graphs quickly for pre-screeening
Tool for monitoring and tracking JVM applications
Spatial search server, to quickly answer "What points near me?" requests
Pixel art software that can export multiple sizes (not Photoshop)
Software to help diagnose hardware problems
A standalone (not-cloud based) task management and timing app
A 'loud' scheduling app
Windows app to allow positioning windows in specific formations
HTML form + PHP administration of htpasswd users (add, delete, change password)?
Android keyboard for Fancy text input
IT infrastructure management software
PDF Revision Controlling
I need a software for taking pictures from video 1 second after the picture has been changed
Chrome TTS web page reader that reads with no text selected
Java library to load CSV file into any JDBC database
Tool to manage test lab computer bookings
Andoroid screenshot with delay timer
What language should I use for this race-manager software?
Heatmap chart generator for table/matrix data
Are there tools/libraries that can generate a full java software server stack from a set of POJOs?
Google Forms but offline for Windows
Building a Markdown, Math Notation, Syntax Highlighting Text Editor
Lightweight database migration library or framework for C#
What's a dark colored python editor that has printing?
Python editor that lets you paste pictures in your program
Need recommendation on very simple web site management
What are alternatives to TensorFlow Serving?
Software to find company domain email id of any employee within organization
PDF editor for Linux
Text editor that can save in Unix format and add line break after last line
3-D Movie rendering of parametric NURBS surfaces from time-dependent data
Data collections/lists software
Free, lightweight image editor with easy to use text tool
Software that support around 100000 mails in an hour
App to find empty Windows folders
What software can be used for rapid texturing?
iOS Compatible Encryption Software
C++ IDE with realtime code analysis, autocomplete, and context importing for student use
Free calling over Wi-Fi with minimal permissions
OneNote extension for spaced repetition learning
Automated system testing and performance measurement for distributed system
Tool to view .evtx Windows event log files
Recommended application for switching between two ethernet?
standalone portable CMS
What should I use to normalize data in a web app on client side?
What JQuery plugin uses arrows and lines for site tours?
Windows app that aids in making "ORDERED LISTS"?
Avoid double keystrokes for a given set of keys on Microsoft Windows
Web page to PDF converter
Save complete webpages as Google Document or as local PDF files
Is there any kind of interface to process images by using java and gimp?
Get brightness of a picture
Linux OS that usually takes less then 200 MB with a plugin-free Firefox as VNC
Android web browser without closed source components
FTP client with post transfer action
Ubuntu Video Library manager
GreaseMonkey/TamperMonkey like chrome extension to develop background pages
Shrink my screen for beamer output
Open source SSH terminal client for Linux with ZMODEM support
Automated tests for Chinese browsers: Sogou Explorer, QQ, 360 and Baidu
Online RSS feed generator with REST API to publish new emails
Powerful presentation app that allows animating slides
Self-hosted file synchronization that does not lock files, and allow renames/moves/deletions/etc during sync
WordPress plugin for media library
Is there a software available which maps social networks?
Very small, limited-to-javax.inject dependency injection framework for Java
Mapping software/website with tunnel layer
Software to draw simple technical illustrations
App to hide cursor when typing in Windows
Are there any good tools for automatically highlighting/formatting code for copying?
Collaborative text editor for integration into existing website
Good file format for dumping and comparing large amounts of structured data
Broadcasting audio to multiple listeners
Platform to manage and update multiple USB drives
install java packages and their dependancies like pip for python
Software for streaming video
Email Report Generator for Github
Diff Tool for Linux that you can paste two texts into without files?
Type of Database for Live Streaming
Video chat alternative to Skype on Windows/Linux
Tool that logs the last ~20 keys (and key combinations) I pressed
Software to organize Wolfram Alpha searches
Severalnines Clustercontrol Alternative software?
Are there any tools to check for 'untrustworthy' certificates?
Sega Genesis MegaDrive \ 32X emulator with GUI for ROM selection and management
Software or library which can be used for sorting PDF files
Simple time tracking application
Git Client GUI which simplifies interface based on user's use-case
Software to modify text in a clipboard with hotkey
How to write a parser/code generator in Java?
Free word processing software that supports importing multiple images
Tools for finding broken embedded content
Software for constructing and visualizing 3D polyhedra
Software that allows different profiles on phones
iOS "AdBlock" for spam phone calls?
Alternative to Prezi
HSLa tool with paste support of hex/rgba colors
Free barcode and QR code scanner app
Opening and sorting huge files
Is there a CryptKeeper-like app for OS X?
Extract bitmaps from Word documents
I'm looking for a library to create a graph that can scroll and zoom in a browser
VNC Viewer with AutoX option
Software to playback voice recordings with adjustable speed and voice normalization
Software App to make a transparent outline box?
iOS document scanning and stitching from multiple images
Free CAD that allows to draw joined arcs
Alternative to Synthesia, for MIDI instrument
Advanced Windows volume mixer
Tool to generate a slim Windows 8.1?
Looking for software/device to track members of a riding group
No-nonsense mp3 player for Mac?
Successor of / Alternative to HTML Help Workshop
Screen casting alternative to Google Cast?
Tool for forum content analysis
Solution for archive of personal data
Free download manager for Windows 10
To-Do app with multiple lists, all visible on one screen
Web-based time tracking app with task nesting
C compiler for Android apps on Linux (with examples and emulator)
Free or low cost customizable Javascript-based HTML editor which can be used in commercial apps?
Which software to light pen text on an image ?
What's a good app for restoring the functionality removed from Health in iOS 10?
Linux distributions which do not default to using SystemD
SQL Server manager alternative
Command line executable that gets the ActionScript version of a SWF
Record iPad screen using Windows
ToDo manager with dependencies and events
Software for making Character Relationship Maps
Python IDE for Debian
.NET library that simulates very large byte array
Notepad-like app with no ability to save
Is there a utility for ensuring file data integrity?
Recover file from a file
Battery percentage in system tray
High performance C# library for converting Bitmaps to PNGs
Command-line tool to query Wikidata (or another SPARQL endpoint)
An iOS SIP client that supports CallKit?
Alternatives for Dragon Naturally Speaking
I am searching for a software that monitors activity on my computer
Is there a Java Pet Store reference app for cloud/microservices?
Self-hosted wiki with strong search (including OCR)
Which program should I use for programming apps with relational and graph databases?
Software, in active development, for planetary or solar system generation
Android ROM that can make an app believe the OS is not rooted
Compass-based orientation app for blind users
Software for user story mapping
Free gui-based math software to work with matrices
Software to edit multi channel videos
scientific plotting software like Excel with more functionality without coding?
Is there an equivalent of Google Hangouts for calls to England?
Create Expert system consist if-else statements without/little programming
Contract bridge game
Offline JPEG metadata editor
Productivity tracking software for Windows 10
Collaborative Vulnerability Assessment / Penetration Test Tool Suggestions
Tool to extract password-protected .rar without the password
Android sensor monitoring app with threshold control
Packages or tools to manage libraries locally
Simple CMS for use on local Mac OS computer
Multiuser, opensource, secure password manager?
How To Easily Simulate A Large Number of Hosts?
Logging Error Reporting for Multiple Platforms and Multiple Layers
Program to play with FM (frequency modulation) synthesis
Software to rename files based on their timestamps
Implementation of LPC & DTW in C?
Software with Workflow and Ticketing features
C / C++ Library for changing pitch without altering formant frequencies
Free tool to create an online tree diagram that includes links for each element
Static site generator with dynamic pages
Web app for client to alter 3D renders
Dropbox-like software that doesn't sync
Search documents & display results in snippet view like Google books?
VoIP client that allows recording calls
Virtual host control system for PHP websites
Mail client to dump 50GB of e-mails for archive purposes
typeahead.js auto complete alternative for Web Interface
Multiple choice programming test / quiz for interview
Continuous website URL rechecker for Linux
How can I transfer a whole Hard Drive to a folder?
A flexible, scalable Network Monitoring System with .NET support needed
Dashboard extension for Chrome as a new tab or popup supporting bookmarks, apps, etc
Free Android launcher that does not ask for accessibility
Free screen recorder to animated GIF on Windows
Qt/C++ physics engine similar to iOS UIKit Dynamics
Stream PC games near realtime to friends over the Internet?
Text mode web browser with support for Persian words
Async Job Processing based on PostgreSQL
Most accurate speech recognition for high-quality audio Spanish
Library or web service to tell whether an URL is no longer a valid website (domain for sale/cybersquatted/etc)
OCR for the OCR-B standard font
Simple, fast, secure KDE Linux distribution
Looking for a SaaS provider that exposes database as restful service
Group management system to replace BigTent
Program not from Oracle that can read Oracle export dumps?
Accelerated computing - which library to choose
Tool to open, position and resize apps, docs, folders and tabs
Search capable task/program switcher for Windows 10
SFTP web portal for clients
Software to update and license own product for custumers
Are there any Windows text editors that allow you to scroll through a directory?
Software for creating and delivering a Podcast
Software for writing and laying out a book
Store and run queries on political, economic, demographical, ++ country data
Utility for setting network configuration per UDP
Personal HTTPS caching proxy for unreliable Internet connection
Backup Outlook data for several users in one go?
SQL table handler without server/client
Software for animating card game
Inventory/Recipe Software
Linux command line song Identification software
Library for programmatic video manipulation
Software for front end Web development
Software or service to route phone calls
A Good Alternative for Gmail Offline?
Keyboard Emulator (like Xpadder) for Linux
Windows 10 taskbar tray item slider to change brightness
Is there any JVM simulator?
Web search engine that fully supports boolean operators
Gratis: recover MFT of a NTFS partition in place on a 6 TB drive
Video player for Windows 10
How to recover mail server from POP3 mails?
Fast alternative to GraphViz's dot for digraphs
Java web framework
Open-source editor/IDE for Linux and Windows
Wiki that allows syncing and merge conflict resolving
Webpage editor friendly to all levels of web developer
Browser that can bookmark all tabs and supports multiple bookmarks for the same page
OCR software - drop file onto app icon to convert PDF to searchable text PDF
Spreadsheet for text or text editor with columns and rows
Open source s/w like MIT's scratch with API for hardware interface
Messagebox simulator
App to measure the tempo of music
SW for fast Google Drive sync
Windows video player that can play from SFTP source
What is the fastest OCR program?
VoIP software for use on a smartphone
Source version control software with GUI
Grid control with both filters and a summary row for WinForms
Putting a Jekyll site into a minimalist CMS
Linux search over HTTP
command line ical viewer
Tool to tabify/untabify all source files in Visual Studio solution
Looking for a single text file format having multiple sheets in it just like what we have in excel workbook
Software to record screen when activity
Design software architecture
How can I automate tasks on a website without having access to the back-end?
Best way to visualize a house floor plan with satellite imagery?
Distro that is easy to remaster
Self-hosted open source alternative for PackageCloud.io
PDF reader with possiblity to read file with a different font
Fake Virtual Camera and Microphone for Windows
Is there a ready-made JS timeline chart?
Determine file type from its content (not trusting the .extension)
Saving OneNote files to Linux server (no SharePoint)
Sync encrypted drives
Hardware listing utility which visualizes components?
Hybrid mobile frameworks that does not use NPM
Panic button app that specify emergency type
App for using Android device as Virtual Instrument host
Sort artists by number of tracks including remixes
High-level library for 2D interactive graphics
Easy util for formatting hard drive with GPT and grub2?
Convert whole Blu-ray including menus and selections into DVD
Detect if a facial photo is of good enough quality
Development (CSS/HTML) - Find/highlight/outline divs with zero height
Chrome extension to take screenshot / screen capture of Twitter conversation?
Web app for learning American Sign Language
Merchant website SaaS that does not show other stores to my visitors
Tiny Android app to control which other apps can rotate the screen
How to enlarge my SSD storage with help from big hard drive?
Android app for organizing/tracking of custom collectible cards
Looking for a program that will get System Specs over the network
Remote music management software recommendation
Visually map the contents of my Google Drive
CLI Based Backup Solution
Glider (sailplane) simulator app for macOS
Which public cloud supports vMotion / live migration to and from a private cloud?
Logging framework for iOS
Android app for tracking location to server
Looking for an in-browser text editor with inline tokens
Looking for a library that can draw points on a vector and highlight connected points
Scan text document to PDF with OCR
App that controls PC's mouse cursor using Android's mouse cursor
Free Android scientific calculator that can convert *to* fractions
Bi-directional access to Github Gist from Chrome Developer Tools
Android app for generating PDF from images
Lightweight commandline or GUI tool for Windows to correct wrong EXIF rotation metadata
An alternative for Google+ comments for Blogger-based blog
Looking to incorporate 3rd party software reviews into my website
A "fake" terminal on macOS to use during demos or conference talks
Open Source document management system
Sports Commentary Feed Authoring Software
Drop down Quake-style terminal for Windows
What is a good simple JS templating solution for small applications?
User-friendly software for creating/designing Jasper Reports
Python module to search the web quickly
Google Chrome extension that can maintain a list of blacklisted URLs
Monitor a process and kill it when it exceeds a given amount of RAM
Lightweight software to post-record video
Internet connection monitoring program
Java editor for Chrome OS
Create a custom spaced repetition schedule
Which utility allows me to find who is fields of newly found IP ranges
Software which can decrypt into 2 different files depending on the password?
Speech recognition software application or website for speech-to-text conversion?
Extension/plugin to format SQL in a way easy to block select it
Human Resources allocation/skills tool with utilization dashboards
Generate PowerPoint-like presentation for electronic notice board on TV
What is a suitable approach to logging in .NET Core?
Moving files into folders
Execute a command line on selected files
Intranet 600 users
Monitoring PCI Express bus usage
Software to recover data from an Android device that will not boot
Free Video/Image Editor
SSD Cloning Program
Framework to create video-streamed 3D game
Firefox extension to remove " - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia" from page title
Check spelling as you type for macOS
Plugin to email portion of WooCommerce orders to vendors
Is there a VBA function or plugin for Excel that will let me use arbitrary date formats to parse dates from string?
SNMP Manager like PRTG for OS X
Free software, Webmin-compatible PHP version manager?
Tool to remove malware from laptop?
Is there a software library that can treat a directory tree like an XPath data structure?
Wiki with prioritized keyword indexing (tags)
Debugging WPF styles that have been applied to an element
Software for Windows 7 that detects if someone photographs your screen
Which Linux utility to gather packet statistics?
Download manager that automatically continues "failed" downloads
Project management tool (iOS)
SSH client for Android 4.4 supporting public key based authentication
Editor or Tool showing git versions side-by-side
Customer service solution with video conversation and API
C++ equivalent library for this python code for screenshots
Android app for exporting contacts properly to csv / ods / xlsx
Flat files CMS or static website generator to show directory structure and contents
Office 2016 Style Ribbon control for WPF
Faster Sleep Timeout for Andoid Phone
Plug-in to use in Microsoft Edge to highlight text in websites (like Diigo)
Gamified touch screen test
Mailchimp alternative which allows duplicate or empty email addresses
Automatically sync my app from F-Droid to Google Play
Online system for collaboration between people that do not know each other
What terminal to use with a tiling window manager?
Calendar or Planner with support for conditional templates
Simple build system: run command if directory changed
Alternative to browser for viewing Jupyter notebooks on iOS
Software to create an automated bot for desktop applications
Program to make a simulation of the program I'm looking for
Looking for 2D turn-based rpg game which can run on windows xp
Video editing web app with requirements
Speech recognition SDK that distinguishes two speakers
Motion correction (image stabilization) softwares/libraries
A Tool to manage lots of documents/notes?
Library to compare images
Alternate printer drivers with lot of low level options, something like VueScan does for scanners but for printers
Free Google Forms alternative that works offline
Build automation of UNIX / Linux packages
Are there any rule-based named entity recognition libraries or projects available?
deleted files secure eraser
IntelliSense for LESS functions in Visual Studio?
What is simple way to sync contents in my local computer to the contents in a remote server using the terminal/Unix?
Good php mysql ORM library
Free Mindmap software that supports python API
Open Source Release Automation
Mac wallpaper app fetching images from instagram or pinterest
Artificial Intelligence Typing assistant for the desktop
Enable Distraction Free Reading Mode in Chrome based on Website Domain
Image recognition library that accepts transparency
Convert email into forum post
Alternative to Google's 'Keep'
How to find music at 60/90/180 bpm to sync with exercise?
Serve images stored on Windows computer to the internet
Open Source or Free PHP Based SSO Server
Create slideshow-like movie from photos
Library for 'packaged' file formats?
Offline Programming Education for Kids
Network File Share Monitoring for Windows
Is there a any chrome plugin that lets you enter variables for bookmarks?
Linux distribution for Lenovo Yoga 3 14 (extensive touchscreen support)
Java backend app / server that receives files uploaded in Angular JS or Javascript (e.g. ng-file-upload or angular-file-upload)?
Cloud "fabric" for Windows machines
Free for commercial use Java library to convert HTML to PDF
Note taking/list making app with dashboard view
Open-source cross-platform XMPP client with native OTR support
Terminal.com snaps are sunsetting - are there any alternatives?
Software/app to sync Gmail and Yahoo address books?
Regex minifier tool
Screen sharing application for collaboration on video editing
OCR for sheet music
Compare image metadata
Neo Circuits-like game without Flash?
Create poll similar to Facebook poll
How to get notified of Google Calendar events on a PC
Issue tracker without login
Software to block access to certain programs at specific times?
Looking for chat source for web application (web socket/ajax)
I need a software that can find same value between 2 hex file
PDF reader that saves sessions
Gratis ceemple-like IDE
Looking for digital asset management tool where assets are tagged and added manually
Version control system with clients config file, component designs, test documents, issue tracking, PM management
I need a software that can software hex number as it shape in hex editor?
Leightweight Window Toolkit
Multiple tabs on a browser that allows to use a different proxy on each tab
Utilities for firewalled downloads
Image search API (alternative to dicontinued Google Image search API)
Open-source, on-premise image analysis library/service with gender and age estimation?
Similar alternative to Dropbox for hosting HTML pages
Open Source Monitoring Tool for Linux Server
How can I limit number of hours a devices get on the network in my house?
Transfer data through wifi of the computer instead of bluetooth (like Xender for mobile)?
Norse like mapping software with input
Command-line tool to scan for and suggest fixes for XSS and SQLi vulnerabilities in Perl?
Linux utility for gather statistics about a codebase
iPad video player with playback speed control
Powerful and easy-to-setup mock framework for Java
Can you recommend a free API to get a list of regions and cities from a country?
Which graph/chart library should I use with react material?
Free software for making custom themes with full control over desktop elements?
Rider app for Android without offensive permissions?
Presence on the network
What are some open source social/collaboration solutions that could be integrated within an application?
Cross platform performance testing and monitoring for mobile app
Survey software with Privacy-by-Design
Who is linking to my picture?
Powerful image editor, similar to GIMP
Lossless, graphical audio/video file editor for Mac
Photo management for Mac
ObservePoint & Hubscan
Cheap and portable text expander for Windows
Tracker for cellular network access (call detail records and data usage)
Translate GUI from another language?
App for updating all social networks with similar information
Template based file generator with json data input
DNS query tool (host(1) or nslookup(1) replacement)
Streaming data from local serial port to off site web server (and back?)
Personal rating and review management tool
Encrypting local copy of plaintext email
Generate sheets of animated characters
Software to password-protect individual folder(s) on Windows 7
What software can I use to measure LLOC, function points and cyclomatic complexity of Bash scripts?
Self-hosted front-end for social networks
Which text mining software is suited for an introduction lecture?
Frameworks/Tools for managing big data workflows
What explainer video creation software is out there for OSX?
What cloud storage/syncing tools will meet our needs?
How to sync bookmarks across various browsers on various computers/mobile devices?
Elgg social networking engine alternative
PDF Annotation sidebar / increase width of document
Free WordPress.com alternative with better tagging
Restrict email access on weekend
Software to read fingerprint and generate a unique number
Search bar for opened windows on Windows
Power-user fast countdown reminder for reminding of awaited task while multitasking
Javascript library for timeline chart creation
Privacy-minded cloud provider
Which tool to use to design and export a website
Are there any free or relatively cheap remote classroom software applications?
Full remote access to android device with stealth mode
Simple online shopping site in PHP
Developing a web/desktop app on an android device
Want Incoming Call Center Software
Industrial purpose pdf viewer (ONLY)
What to use to publish a free book online?
Dynamic data visualization
C++ library for working with probability distributions
GPU-intensive Android game with small APK (for tests)
Whatsapp client for Windows 7, which doesn't need official whatsapp on phone?
Drop-in replacement for XMLHttpRequest to load local files
Effective ways to store text events
Sphinx command line viewer
Notepad++ plugin to copy text with line numbers
Open source GUI program for producing plots/graphs
Replacing DOI links with open access DOI links
Cataloging online resources on common topic
Backup solution for laptops
Converting Several Thousand .xml files into .csv
Which GUI builder has support for many programming languages?
Cron or Message broker (Message queue)?
android widget for remote org agenda
JS charting library with good performance
A Linux tool / utiltiy for identifying non-stopwords in English text
Automated planner
Looking for employee checklist app
3D chess game without logic
Managing TV show archives
Note Taking App That Opens With a Hotkey & Reports Time Spent on Tagged Notes
Easy GUI database for organising things by tags
Free software or OS for web usage reports / network traffic analytics-statistics
App/Javascript/Program to display videos from dropbox in a gallery
Download service with high or no bandwidth limits
Software for constant NAS replication
CSS/JS Framework for small websites
Linux image viewer to create and manage collections (lists of images)
Need a way to edit HTML documents inline
Headless bittorrent client to support magnet links
login-database - alternative to BugMeNot(.com)?
Remote REPL for Android (not Clojure)
Taking a break from computer use
Very customizable and mobile friendly javascript color picker
HTML rendering engine with language-independent DOM
Windows XP antivirus for AMD Sempron processor
Framework or libraries for dynamic, cross-platform GUI development (preferably in C#)?
Chrome/Firefox extension to change YouTube auto caption from English to another language
software to deploy fast markdown to HTML static pages?
I need a GUI that will edit a TEXT column in MySQL
Software to wake up the PC at a specific time in future (just like alarm do for mobiles when they are switched off)
Media control of websites on windows 10?
DB replication from 5000 sites to head office
Chrome extension Markdown editor using Ace with open & save to desktop
Web application to replace FTP server
Printer-friendly web framework for CV creation?
Looking for Windows API that supports Mysql and canvas-like surface
Easy-to-use Java JSON library with high read-only performance
Software that converts simple text format to json
Markdown Editors that support sequence diagrams
A calling app to replace my default calling app
Alternative to refbase
Restful Web Services api documentation tool
Open Source Web Application for Managing Tennis Tournaments
Website for finding most popular/active library
Any good open source charting for .NET?
Windows program to lower bitrate of M4A files without re-encoding
Recording, saving and playing audio
Free blog application that generates static content on site
Wordpress LMS plugin
Software for tracking RFCs but also a broader interest or involvement in 'things'
A modern-C++-oriented testing framework for C++ code
Camera video software motion
Highlight mouse cursor when clicking
Git client for Android 4+
Download the index.html files from a large list of URLs
Progress tracker with calender
Graph database / client for Python?
Language preferable for designing desktop widgets
Android application to watch Youtube videos with acceleration and popularity sorting features?
A simple CMS that can be accessed from a command line script
Eclipse plugin to generate unit cases automatically for Java code
Google Chrome extension that can allow copying text
Software that can be used it import image files and exclude duplicates
Tool to Preview Photoshop Brush Set (Windows 7/10)
Make 3D animations
Business Analytics (static/batch) for MongoDB (without ETL if possible)
Alternative to Windows Explorer that allows easy navigation in identical folder structures
Uploading comments to the Google Analytics timeline
Thumbnails sheet or indexprint generator
Convert JSON to CSV
Proxy to set child protection
Advanced software to organize and manage a life of photos
A site to upload my code projects to
Any software on Virtual Simulator?
Search engine to which I can apply my own filtering/reordering
For PDFs over 900 pages, how can I place multiple pages on 1 sheet without increasing file size?
Apache based Hit Counter with image banner?
Database analysis/visualization tool for a document database
Markdown editors (preferably free) that use Github's syntax highlighting?
Programs to make Audio tracks
Flickr or 500px or some random photo slideshow program
C# Library for 4-way XML comparison
Software to debug Safari-specific website issues as a PC user
Set Operations in the Unix Shell
API to retrieve answers for general questions
Open source software for transmitting pictures from balloons
Email filtering and labelling for team
Typo correction library in Java
most easily audited server operating system
What animation tools to use in developing a Non-English Speech to Sign language translator software?
A lightweight, native music player for Linux which integrates with Google Play
Alternative to Avenza PDF maps
OCR Music Notes reader and player
Best Troubleshooting builder tool
Enter data automatically into a web pages
iPhone camera app for low-res photos
Online self-hosted price list/table solution
What are the recommended telemetry services for mobile platforms using Xamarin
linear algebra library designed for low floating-point error
POP3 to IMAP Server
Application to track task progress with reporting
Windows YouTube client, borderless, always on top
Javascript 3D library for building a cyber city
Software to extract video, audio or subtitles from a Matroska (.mkv) file?
Is there an alternative to MyWOT ("Web of Trust")?
Customisable countdown app
Email providers with support for high privacy?
Linux software to list items on eBay
Does a CMS (wiki?) with branching/forking (like git) exist?
Measure disk writes
Time-series analytics with MongoDB as data store
Building GUI the Declarative way
Open source wiki with reputation system
Media player for Windows that can stream from a SFTP server
Android app for basic shell commands
Any SMS blocking software without notification?
Text editor that doesn't change line endings on paste
Job monitoring for Node.js
Organizing, highlighting and annotating ebooks on multiple platforms
Order management software for small business
PostgreSQL database explorer
Are there any file explorers with third-party net drives supported on Windows?
Free alternative to Windows Search (full-text indexed search) or non-Java alternative to DocFetcher
Looking for an Android podcast app for listening to in my car
Web based 360 spherical video player for self hosted site?
Task list manager (aka Todo list) for Android with non-Google syncing?
Choosing an open source Continuous Delivery solution for programming education
Memorization software with prioritization
Music Player for Linux with ability to read and write custom ID3 Tags
Software to seek through large audio file
SSH and Telnet Client
Open Source eMOCHA Alternative
Software to condense video down to a few minutes by merging moving objects and static background?
Is there a C library for machine learning?
Are there any cross platform free tools for screen sharing that just work?
C# Reading random frames from a video
Tasks with recurring reminders synced between Android and Windows
Simple chat client for Mac OS X which shows alerts and can be pinned to foregorund
Transfer a list of programs to another PC
Recommendation(s) for a password manager
Server side software to do Mail Merge (Data Merge)
Software emulating a magnet-like schedule board
Tool to replicate a computer with Windows/Linux dual boot
Alternative note apps to marginnote in Windows environment
(web)tools / plugin for Outlook for checking specific words and organize them
Flash presentation SWF
Automatically toggle the wifi on (or airplane mode off) for certain application status (focus or non focus)
Need a simulator tool to test Protocols of SS7/INAP
JSON schema to BigQuery schema converter
Copy image URL address + open new tab Chrome plugin?
Windows software for monitoring remote server
Move and resize windows while holding keys down
Tools to assist with printing of Google Maps route
Software recommendation to remove parts of audio from an audible audibook
Any moderated group chat software?
Telegram fork allowing to see messages without sending "Seen"
Script to auto-layout a 6-column printed newspaper
A text editor for Linux that remembers open files
Lightweight PDF reader that supports highlight (Windows)?
Markdown document management system (search index over all *.md files across the system)
Spreadsheet with language-agnostic networking API
Remote Desktop Manager
iOS app to track happiness
Free document management system with workflow, approval capabilties
Free FM radio app for samsung Galaxy S3 (i9300)?
Tiny filesystem written in C
Windows Alternative to Thunar/Nautilus Custom Actions?
Social network with unique database capabilities
Featureful terminal emulator for use with LXDE?
Mailing list solution on shared hosting
Geospatial SDK or tool
Alternative to Google Custom Search Engine
An (n)curses-based debugger frontend?
Android/iPhone/Web app to send a picture directly to company server without saving it to the phone
Is there a Cloud Management Platform that can control/manage hosted, open source Linux VMs?
is there a MacOS app or script to create a reorganized copy of my itunes music library
Free software for parameter variation / parametric sweeps / batch simulations / sensitivity analysis
Terminal communication with serial devices with libreadline / history support
Registry Viewer for ntuser.dat files
iPhone app recommendation for offline reading
Open source ready-to-use computer vision to tell whether a picture shows a dog/car/etc
CMS for my personal web
Nighttime Windows 10 ebook reading
network cutting software
Mac OS or iOS video player with current subtitle dictionary lookup capabilities
RFP Management system
Is there a tool I can use to shorten regex as much as possible?
Share my Windows screen to someone via their iPad web browser
Library or program for face detection with low false positive rate
Record Multitrack Audio on Linux Without Dropping Samples
Concatenate sequential multitrack WAV files into a set of single-track WAV files
Free SOCKS5 server
WordPress plugin for subscription to a beta test program
Choosing Cluster Manager / Job Scheduling software
Social Networking Framework for ASP.NET MVC
Cloud IDE that doesn't sleep
Android shopping list calculator (OCR)
Output some development metric for each muscle of the human body given a picture of a human
Software/Website to benchmark / test LCD Monitors
Public calendar/schedule
R console inside text editor
The best software to create book?
Library to develop cross-platform desktop UI for a Python app
ELF loader for Cortex-M processors
I'm looking for a service/api that returns an image based on a keyword
Software to join exchangable images to a single image of A4 dimensions for printing
Dashboard replacement using ASP.NET
WordPress plugin for selling digital goods
Software to build a regression model with 3.5 GB CSV on a low memory PC
Tool to help automatize web tasks?
securely and conveniently transfer a single file from a desktop to a mobile computer
Remote file system that's encrypted on the client side
Scraping information from email to workflow
Tool to mark pages of websites as "read" and view links to "read" pages differently?
Free program for geometric adjustment (trilateration, least square method)
Best way to smooth scrolling long lists on the web page
Downloading while uploading in cloud storage
How to generate code to satisfy a concept?
Which single file, embeddable DBMS exist for Java?
App to keep a list of my repetoire (as a folk muscian)
Google Chrome extension that can open all selected links
Stereo image 3d reconstruction
VPN software with dedicated IP addresses that i can switch back and forth between?
Alternatives to MS Word
Stack suggestions for hobby based cloud web app
An online web tool to export SVG (as raw code) into other image formats
Software to easily toggle between normal contrast/low contrast
Speaker recognition open source C++
Dynamic routing / load balancing to Satellite and DSL?
Library to generate text from regular expression
Personal accounting solution available for India
Web app that is largely configurable (rather than requiring coding from the start)
Terminal-based calendar on Linux
Dictionary software which allows to add or edit entries
Free phone recording application for Android
Document edition with changes tracking, on Android
App to locate device within the home (Indoor positioning)
Software to type fewest characters
Web app to find the location from an image
Software to retrieve songs from a larger audio file as individual recordings
Use NeoVim in collaboration with other editors in realtime?
Chat plugin for WordPress which can show user IPs when I am logged in as admin
Drop-in replacement for PHP-based image gallery "Gallery"?
App/script/plugin that will automate repeated re-login
Is there a proper addon for Firefox which keeps browsing history forever?
Tool for QA Test Environment (VMs) Management?
Is there software or method that can automatically pause and resume screen recording, based on what is my current active window?
Digital directory for Shopping mall
Free Crossplatform File Sync Software
Word add-in for frequently used comments
Looking for tools to write components documentation with source and runtime example like angular
How do you create a parent-child tree with table/excel data?
What Program or Software can I put on user's desktop to run reports
Searching for an alternative to CPU-Z Validator
Android IR Samsung TV application with the Tools support
Angular IDE with components completition
Offline note taking app that preserves HTML formatting
Log viewer with JSON support
Is there any software that can perform real-time physics simulation
Does anyone knows a tool to manage internal dev team issues?
Convert HTML entities to characters, or display the hrefs
Identifying Fortran standard
Alternative to Disk Utility mac
Is there a JavaScript code templating engine?
Reducing the file size of scanned letters
Database Watchdog
Software for video resizing (spatial AND temporal)
Compiler for Windows 7 with a GUI?
Is there a snapchat emulator for PC?
Is there any VPN with API support
Tool for recording GDI handle leaks
SW to extract individual songs from a larger audio file
Looking for an engineering-like SVG design software
Software/service for email marketing
What gui(RDBMS) to use for MariaDB on Linux?
What is the most effective free software to train typing speed on Windows 10 for a user that types 55 WPM?
Is there any software to aid in planning code structure?
Program with time limit
What software can I use to do data mining at a very basic level?
Tool that lets me import cookies to Microsoft Edge
Portable Way to Convert MIDI to a Soundfile With a Custom Soundfont?
Open source noise mapping software for Windows
A website-and-app tracking service that can be freely categorized?
Need add-on for Firefox to change proxy easily
Looking for audio record to google drive on OS X
Clipboard manager with ability exclude applications
PDF translating software
Software that can capture a 2D game world onto a big image
Offline natural pronunciation Android library (without Google libraries)
A Wiki using flat files and a mobile app?
A calendar with the ability for another user to input his data
Free editor for Ruby similar to Rubymine?
Screenshot with step by step click path
Azure SQL Server client for Mac OS X that does not require Java
Editor that can edit UTF-8 texts that contain non-printable characters
Free software CRM, with RTL support, for local work (without internet connection)?
Linux alternative for Notepad++
Combining files program
Which recruiting software can help screen applicants?
Freeware Network Monitoring Software
Desktop software to manage my finances with virtual accounts
How to easily change monitor settings?
Full System Linux Backup Tool
Restructuring the folders on a company drive
Monitoring Facebook groups for keywords
Battery Monitoring Software
On-Premise and on-demand Lab VM
Block myself from running a game for too long or after late hours
convert graph into formula
Easy and simple GUI source version control on Windows
Tag / Autocomplete Software Similar to How Tags Function on all the StackExchange Sites
software that combines graph and spreadsheet flexibilities
Russian dictionary for a word game
Online platform for small business (featuring project management, calendar, contacts)
(Social) network diagram
Mono/.NET expression parser generator
Best javascript library to show music notation and play music?
Text editor to help summarizing textbooks
open source software to make screencast?
Background synchronization similar to Dropbox, but for custom storage
What Linux command-line (or scriptable) email clients support MAPI/HTTP?
Mind mapping software with no presentation editing
Something like issue tracking system for family projects
Development tool for iOS developer to study Cordova
Are there any maintained hash table implementations in C that are designed for embedded systems?
Document management solution for government IDs, insurance papers and other legal papers
Joining curve surfaces
Print from Mac to Windows only USB printer
Firefox bookmark manager with two panes
RSS reader for Android
Headless torrent client that has a web interface with RSS support
Organize photos into folders and access them cross-platform, including mobile
Software to backup incrementally to cloud provider
"Local" notes - combined with cloud
A tool/add-on to add text-shortcuts (canned text) to thunderbird
Developer notification apps
Video editing software for occasional use
PDF Printer with Preview
What kind of generic plugin architecture is available, which can be supported by a library?
C++ single header library generator
Light & effective firewall to block a program
Minimalist Facebook chat client for Android
Voice repeating software for Windows PC/Android
Light antivirus that doesn't interfare with Windows firewall
How to extract images and text from pdf file?
Change pitch of Youtube videos
Simple tool with chat notifications for integration with a wiki and Kanban tool
How to store binary records?
Looking for a "read it later" tool with rss reader
What structure topology optimization software generates truss-like structures?
Free jquery based scheduler to use in enterprise projects
URL Scanner to find links on Google
Web-based fax service that does not reveal itself to be web-based on each page faxed
Software for copying articles from a certain website and save them as a word or pdf file
Contact and communication management software
Library for quad or arbitrary precision math (just +-*/ required) in C for ARM microcontroller
Recommendation for a program to map flood extent?
Movement detection in and out of a perimeter from a live video feed
Recommendation for a program to map flood extent?
VM server choices for home lab/general use
Excel alternative that uses JavaScript
Control Flow Graph for C++ - static analyzer
recommendation for erp/dms using sql-server-express?
I want to automate a daily task, need certain info from pdf to go into specific areas of an excel file
Powershell - any recommendations for modules that emulate bash commands?
C11 compiler for Windows
Libre 2D game engine with Tiled support
Android app to lock the screen with a swype from the bottom of the screen.
Creating a space game. Need help with a solution for creating dynamic spiral graphics
Vim editor with Ubuntu
App to streamline complex printing configuration
Software to track all kind of activity
Office Word reader (viewer, previewer) for Mac OS
Python language in Ubuntu
Offline software for creating animated videos on Windows?
Tool for moving Windows context menu entries into configurable submenus
Tool to daemonize Java program
Which api should I use to get location based information about places for iOS app?
photo ranking tool
Portable pull tool compatible with GitHub
Windows 10 sandbox process to launch 2 instances
Print identifier on printed document
Free Screen Recording Software for Windows like Camtasia Studio 8?
Fuzzy matching (e.g. Levenshtein) between items in list
Software for scanning/printing documents in a large size for visually impared student
Rearrange the File Access Table on a disk image
Google Picasa Photo Viewer alternative
What video processing framework (C++) to use for decoding?
Scheduler for Amazon ECS tasks
Custom SSO powered wiki engine
CRM-like webapp for managing clients and the ads they have purchased
Grindstone replacement for Mac
Is there an offline formatter software to minify/beautify code?
New Employee workflow
Fast (approximate?) linear programming solver for few variables and many constraints
FirePHP replacement
Is there some good study book recommendation for ruby or ruby-on-rails?
Static HTML alternative to cgit
Parser for chrome logs
Reporting - easy to build interface linked to a postgres database
A software that can create multiple folders
A light-weight library to expose SQL database tables over HTTP with querying?
Looking For an Applock
Tweet-deck-like applications for Reddit, Github and Stack Exchange
Free clothing design program
Good software to design games and game interfaces?
Create collaborative feedback
Good keyboard supported Windows FTP client
Lightweight parallel job scheduling engine
Which text-based web browser is the best handling graphic options to select?
Module bundler for TypeScript in GreaseMonkey
Map website that has more features than just being a "GPS browser"
file creation that works like mkdir -p
Calendar for 24 solar terms of China
Are there any editors for .rmz files created by Outlook for exporting rules
Convert pdf to text in regional language
Audio recording software that allows setting markers?
A du-like utility with curses graphic illustration of used space
How can I limit the copy speed of a shared file on the network?
Network Traffic Software?
Malware-free DVD Maker
Free Remote desktop for Windows+Linux without ads, with QuickSync
Modern file management: tags for every file, web mirror/URL, files distributed across media (internal disk, external disk, optical)
Alternative to Motion for streaming video in linux
Why use Vagrant
Looking for a software that let only open USB drive
OS X - browse entire photos library from an ipad or iPhone
Software to customize projector screen
Software for creation of 3D models of humans?
Is there an easy to use open source pretrained or commercial API for object classification and localization in images?
Web-Based Open Source Hostel Management system?
WYSIWYG HTML or XML editor?
General internet search engine showing only non-commerical sites?
File decryption tool
Eclipse plug-in to show docstring in a widget/window in Eclipse PyDev
Open Source Software to Group images by facial similarity
Is there software that will let me mirror my iPad and Android Phone to Ubuntu 16.04?
E-Mail client for accessing mail account read-only
32-bit Linux distribution for old PC (Pentium D 3 GHz)
Synchronize directories (backup) solution that can read MFT for changes
What web browsers support a feature similar to Chrome's People?
What would be the right operating system to install for my tablet?
Atmospheric RPG from the 2000s
Best 3D software / library to develop an interactive 3D editor.
Android app that filters Facebook posts containing a given list of words?
Which public cloud is the best for migrating to and from?
Software to change the desktop background to the Windows Spotlight background
MacBook Touch Bar app launcher software?
.net framework working version for windows 7 pro build 7600
Where can I find a complete/non-biased comparison of available C++ logging libraries?
Android app to detach any app from the Google Play Store
Blackjack software for Linux/Unix
OpenSSL alternative that features better automation properties
Free indicator keyboard layout for Windows 10
iPhone iOS 10 and Linux - replacement for Music, etc
Dimension-driven graphics software
Software to map character relationships
Creating a database table from code with PHP
Is there a preprocessor software specifically meant for C language that helps us add complex programming language rules?
Which engine for a 2D rpg for a beginner?
Recommended HTML IDE for macOS
System monitor tray
Development environment PHP + Nginx + PostgreSQL on Windows
Looking for reseller community site software, as turnkey as possible (like boardgamegeek.com sales area)
Windows utility to spin-down unused HDDs (alternative to RevoSleep)?
Software to download part of an ASX stream
C api for sending wifi frames
Mount SFTP on Windows
Windows - Global Zoom Tool That Doesn't Hijack Mouse Cursor
Software for maximum spacing estimation for 3-parameter extreme value distribution
standalone presentation editor
Linux live CD/DVD that includes UnionFS (but not Knoppix)
Software to browse the Web as moving character
Password manager that supports two-page logins and that keeps accounts active (by logging in and out automatically)
Web browser to preserve forward and backward history in a tree-like format
PDF and/or ebook reader that allows you to make comments, annotation and/or underline/highlight text?
Is there a Chrome extension that takes a screenshot that contains the URL?
Folder Encryption Software
Windows GUI software for georeferencing, projecting and converting PDS 3 files
Software with PHP annotations?
Free Android password manager with fingerprint support and cloud backup
A modern, flexible, easy-to-use statistics library for C++
Free C/C++ IDE & compiler to create command line Mysql access program
Mini video player for Windows
Chrome or computer program that records the HTML of websites I visit
Java command line parser with subcommands that have similiar options
Time-slotted diagram generation tool
Emulator - Run Android Tinder app on Windows
Antivirus for Linux Mint?
Software that turns color pdf to grayscale
End-to-end encrypted GPS-based friend locator for Android?
Windows Chat application with persistent desktop notifications?
Which program can search and display multiple files, based on a list of file paths
Graphical SQL client
Encrypted external disk, with no need to enter password each time
Bind strings to hotkey
Software for recognizing modified images?
Firefox add-on to display all tabs in one page
Linux equivalent of Windows' sndrec32?
What modern mail services allow encrypted/PGP/GPG email to traverse their environment?
Is there a collaborative email program targeted to corporate communications departments?
Wireless gate closure software/hardware combo
Recycle Bin manager for Windows 10
FOSS password vault for workplace teams?
Ontology population tool that works with linguistically tagged data - similar to OntoTL but supported?
To Node.js or to stick with C#.net
Best iphone backup tool for enterprise
Algorithmic Image Processing+Editing - Matlab vs Gimp
Online-model libraries for R
Daily personal task management tool
Photoshop alternatives for Mac?
PDF-creating software that can "re-use" image data...? (PDF "Image XObjects")
JS diagram library
Find Goodreads books in Library catalog
Gratis Android file manager for Windows PC
Git/Github based tool for exploring a Network for Forks?
Reliable free offline dictionary
.net standard conform open source PDF library
Detecting suspicious ultrasound emitters
Automate the download of the MP3 version of a show from a subscription-based RSS
Personal diary webapp
Simulating keboard text input
What's the most scalable and high performing Server/Language configuration for a Multiplayer game?
Indoor mapping tool with API
Open source harness design tool
Tool to add a mouse pointer or cursor to an existing image or screenshot
Video Editing: Crop Frame by Frame
Android app to scan other apps for ad libraries and report which libraries are used
C++ Date Library for parsing and date rules
MS DOS digital logic circuit simulation program name
Command Line Utility for registering 32-bit and 64-bit components to HKCU
Looking for a static Blog/CMS written in python
Recording webcam video . . . pause then continue recording?
"tail -f" that keeps retrying until files exist
Web-based IDE for young beginner programmer
Reading, writing and speaking improvement app
How to push Windows 10 notifications to an Android phone?
HTML/URL to PDF with .NET Core
Recreating 3D motion
SaaS non-public video hosting to integrate in my website
Presentation software, or something similar, that lets you edit a presentation while in presentation mode?
Remove fingers from video of phone manipulation
Android podcast app similar to iOS default
Text to speech with custom voice
Editor V/s IDE for developing Ruby
Adblocker with more sophisticated filters
Which technology should I use to create Image Processing Web Application
Painting Recognition App (possibly for mobile devices too)
Software that can synchronize links as "bookmarks"?
What software for on screen keyboard - Raspberry Pi resistive touch HDMI minotor and Ubuntu Mate
Windows 10 Snipping Tool replacement for immediate snip?
The best library to do gantt graph like this?
Is there any framework algorithm development (testing / benchmarking)?
Is there a plugin for Notepad++ that shows the helpfiles for PHP commands as overlay?
Session remembering extension for Chrome
A "google docs" for flow charts?
Android chat client that supports IRC and XMPP
Time-tracking app with automatic classification
Web infrastructure to check e-mail
What software can I use to extract motion from a video file?
Test runner that displays code coverage inline (FLOSS alternative to wallabyjs)
Connect Canon Camera to Android via WiFi
Need pdf annotation supports handwriting / online / inserting pages in the middle of the pdf
Adjust screen brightness (hardware) based on context
Document management software to preview and rename PDFs
Export and import Excel files
App to Search PDF contents / business intelligence
Python IDE that doesn't require saving to file
I need a program that will record/log all of the IP addresses I have as they change
Website that will let me share music I listen to?
Free / Open Source Multiprocessor OS
Text search and replace other text on the same line
Alerting system that receives and sends alert to multiple channels based on rules
Accessing the WTV Recording Metadata without Windows Media Center
Software to test userscripts in Chome
Parental control on Windows 10 for restricting computer usage
Splunk's 'Search-Time Field Extraction' Open-Source Alternative
Proxy to spoof geo-ip locations
Knowledge sharing platform within a company
Comparing large datasets (up to 100m)
Best parallel python for a cluster
Combining multiple c# files into one
Website to show my dynamic office hours
How to make porn websites return a 404 error?
automatic create of capture file (for wireshark)
CMS with SSO, cloud support, i18n
Looking for a tool like "IP Personality" to defeat OS fingerprinting for recent Linux kernels
Program to decorate Windows taskbar buttons to easily identify at a glance
Windows settings (services, registry, etc.) - creating report
Touch heat map for Android homescreen
Tools for mass file delete
Calibre-like application for films on Ubuntu
Manage iOS and Android app localization/translation
Web Filter Alternative to OpenDNS
Software to quickly determine the causes of breaks Internet connection or bad internet connection
Firmware for T.V56.03 display controller board with tsumv56ruu-z1 chipset to be used with LP173WF1(TL)(B3)
Open source or free online dashboard
VoIP conference with multiple incoming SIP calls
Volume normalizer for Windows to batch-process large number of MP3 files
Terminal that supports PgDn as option
LAN chat software between Linux and Windows
automatically download pdf from email link
Hex editor or fixer for corrupted files
Chrome extension to hide all tabs but the currently active one?
How to copy paste between Android and Windows?
get object from markdown
Mount achive as a virtual drive
An image viewer like Picasa Picture Viewer
Diagram drawing software 'freehand' style
Editor that can collapse values/brackets for OSX in BIG JSON files (100MB+)
Free Collaborative Software
A spectrum analyzer for windows
Small program that connects to my Wi-Fi network
Mine monitor & simulation system
Virtual PDF printer to print from Firefox
Chrome extension to display Google Drive notifications?
Plugin / Configuration for VLC able to show speed buttons
Fast PDF Viewer Software that take advantage of multi-core processors and caching
Online Audio/Video editor, or lightweight Mac equivalent?
Free, portable, Windows email client with auto-correct spelling
Free flowchart software
Construction measurement software
School timetable software
Web app for ticketing
reCaptcha alternative
Any scientific DBMS able to reshape data?
Finding the longest line of a document
Website for high school student to self-teach programming
Email to PDF or other web friendly file format
A Software to Improve the students' ability of reading and pronunciation
Webapp for my shop - take and track of orders, store files form clients, etc
Bitrate calculator GUI for Linux
Alfresco audit web interface
Linux network monitor showing connections per process
Web application for recognizing Russian cursive
Easy To Note/Write/Type/Outline/See
Parsing literal assignments from a Python file
Self hosted Android syncing service
Library which implements messaging system to transfer events in C++
File Format Reverse Engineering Tool
Free VPN software to browse from USA
On-device alternative to Android's Speech Recognition Engine?
FTP server to store user information and logs in database
Software Licensing in Hostile/Sensitive Environment
Configuring Android phones from PC
A Remote Desktop app for Samsung Gear VR
Document Viewer
Loyalty program software/platform
Java library for thermodynamic calculations
Where can I find an undetectable VPN?
Software for Windows/Office Asset Management
We need a software that could allow us to manage our products in our production process
App for mapping in HTML canvas or SVG
Hardware for software tracking please
Recommended browser window resize add-on for Firefox?
I need a nice video game for my daughter
Build my own website and host it
Network Diagram Generator
Monitor directories for changes and file sync
A more private, local version of Facebook with posts, gallery and maybe even 'on this day' features
Application/method of transferring large files
android video chat that a toddler can't accidentally close or toggle out of
user store solution for a website
Customer-facing 2FA/MFA solution
Contact management Android app
Statistics software for Mac and Windows
Android application which can calculate the days between two dates
Amazon S3 - which of Perl packages to use to access it
Graphql Integration Software Similar to Postman
Automatically reopen files in LibreOffice
Efficiently managing CD importing of med images, PDFs, audios, etc
Program to simplify iTunes library management
Is there an OSS Solution, regarding Application Release Automation?
Web service for sharing - and serving - php code?
Cloning a bitlocked HDD to SSD
backup multiple email address with restore capabilities
Python library that can watch a folder for changes and copy the changed files to another directory
Free Electrical CAD Software
Framework and library to develop a webpage with database
Looking for a simple "build" system for installing a Perl script, data files and man pages
A Chrome extension to translate text while writing?
Server monitor software for Ruby on Rails
Firefox solution for opening links in Chromium (supporting multiple user accounts)
A good source code editor
Cloud e-mail client
Share information documenting the architecture
Remote Desktop software from Windows to Linux for real remote sessions, not just remote control
Android app to export time using apps/browsing website to Google Calendar?
Game-development/simulation OOP in Lisp?
Marking, annotating and commenting parts of photography collaboratively
Manage requests to unsubscribe
Musical notes listener
Android calendar app that allows for fine-grained daily planning
Windows 10 desktop program that allows for fine-grained calendar planning
Alternative to Google Hangouts as a messenger?
Is there any software which can distribute the internet speed to the programs according to their priority order?
Open-Source billing software for grocery shop with hardware support
Intuitive Wiki / Knowledge Base
Tools to generate C code from UML
Fourier sine and cosine transformation tool
Change the file's modified date in Windows Explorer
similar package like sloccount but able to count in .deb package
Questions list / checklist to ask before buying a source code?
Is there a text console alternative to Developer Tools of browsers?
Android app that will continue playing video audio after turning off screen
Equivalent of Leechblock for Android
Is there a terminal-only version of a SQL query editor like Sequel Pro?
"Bullet proof parental control software?"
JavaScript chart webapp
Academic curriculum vitae software with PDF and HTML output
One way LAN messaging
MySQL client to Manage/Add/Delete Rows in Nested Set Tables
App that limits bandwith usage in certain applications?
Scientific computing oriented logging library?
Open-source software for creating a process flow diagram
VNC client with GUI that can connect to a VNC server through an SSH tunnel
What's the best approach for archiving/storing many files to easily access them later?
Web app for displaying plots in python
Search in text files with preview snippets
Android or iOS navigation app that gives an alert when close to a speed camera in Spain
.NET documentation generator alternatives to Sandcastle?
Drive cloning tool that works with different sized drives
Creating a Menu-Based Program
System for documenting ideas
Looking for Electronic Documentary Research Software
Media center app that is designed to use with a mouse, not with tv and remote control
Simple and free book library management system (ILS) for a small library
What would be a modern PHP tool to administer MongoDB?
Is there a to-do multi-list app for Android with cross-list items that can share checked state?
Free remote screen sharing from Android to Windows over WLAN
Looking for an ASCII image code formatter
What language/platform/framework to choose for a not too complex web app?
video over miracast/dlna dongle and sound over bluetooth
Desktop Advertisement API
Software for task management of a coop?
Foxpro Database Programming Libary for Linux
Simple file share web application
Version control system that can handle both big file and cross-platform file names
Personal server solution
Self-hosted CMS for code snippets
Free video editor for splitting, trimming & joining videos?
SFTP to FTP reverse proxy
diff tool whith PDF generation option
Embeddable database with hooks for custom code on insert/delete/update
Web tool that allows users to submit ideas and vote on other users ideas
Android PDF viewer that maintains Roman Numerals before page 1?
Looking for one-click VPN for Mac that sits in the tray?
Browser Extension: Chat room notification
Free software to recover files from corrupted partition
library to play multiple sound files to different channels
Service or software for generating individual reports for a list of customers based on one template
Modern forum software with fluid categorization
Remember scroll position in Chrome
Utility or Source Code for UDP File Transfer Over Unreliable Unidirectional Network?
Online Unicode renderer
Remove margins from PDFs
Replacement dialer for AOSP/CM/OctOS
Managing contacts in a medium size business
Screen record software for Android (unrooted Kit Kat)
Does any program automatically measure typing speed?
creating point cloud, DSM & DEM from stereo imagery
Tool to find out why a process hangs
Wiki with offline support
Filesharing between two Windows 10 devices in different networks
SW for monitoring a bunch of REST services (installable on premises)
Image viewer on Windows 10 that is similar to Geeqie
Open source ASP.NET MVC server controls
C++ differentiation library
What editor can I customize for writing HTML with special tooltips for Outlook?
Backup and sync few important files to cloud
IDE-like software for writing plain-English documents
Looking for a mind map macOS app, which allows for multiple parent nodes
Is there a programmer orientated alternative to Google Docs?
Looking for a webmail focussed on privacy
Program for mass-managing audio cards
Program that adjust computer lighting based on time of day?
Modular arithmetic with scala
Software to manage one's resume
Powerpoint-like web page creator
Android navigation app that can download entire US region offline
Dropbox/Webhost hybrid?
Web browser that stores credentials by host+path, not by the host part alone
Java Performance Bottleneck Profiling Tools
OCR software for Linux
SDK for an AI android application that can provide insights about user
Email solution to prevent kids from seeing graphic notifications
Disk wipe/erase tools
Simple Linux application converting between colors and hex codes
A different terminal app (and shell?) for use with Cygwin
Worldbuilding Software (Procedural Generation?)
software to automaticaly closes applications after certain time
Version control system with fast synchronization for multimedia
Simple or dumb rsync
How to automatically close a new tab/window opening automatically with specific web-address?
Want to make a slideshow with prerecorded audio
Email client for Linux Mint
Which Linux distribution is best for hosting Minecraft server?
Drivers related to audio device and the relation to their sound quality
Duplicate file finder that focuses on folders
Mobile phone synchronization and backup software?
View CGM file on Linux
Dockable audio player for Windows
Is there any way to disable the autobuffering and/or automatic loading of YouTube videos whenever I load a page?
Looking for Online Data Storage Software/Web Application
Incremental Backup for Android
Which platforms to use for writing documentation/help/manual?
Secure and free/libre Android ROM for Samsung Galaxy S II
Content management for existing PHP project
Alternative Windows program for editing Excel xml format spreadsheets
Seeking free database solution for Delphi starter editon and / or Lazarus
Online no-download text editor to test Chrome extension?
Are there any online services for software documentation with full UML-Support?
Simple text search index?
Theorem prover for biology: Isabelle/HOL/Coq/Mizar etc. or SNARK or HyLL?
Batch-add text on images
Wordpress Plugin to show Products by clicking on category in sidebar as accordion
Non intrusive pop up reminder (Random) in Windows
Online work activity log
Thunderbird add-on for automatically inserting custom salutation
Website building tool for someone moving from FrontPage?
.NET Application monitoring tools
Software for 2D stylizing 3D animation?
Database Entity Diagrams from Existing Database, but then add relationships for documentation only
Implementing my own idP Identity Provider
Visual planning tool for Windows Server Task scheduler?
iTunes/Playlist application that allows reordering of songs on phone
Program to display data in a hierarchically form (similar to CRM systems)
How to flash a cable modem with custom firmware?
Software recommendation for sound effects creation and editing
Switching traffic by API version
Text-to-speech for Windows 10 PC name
Free photo editor for Windows
What kind of software would you use for broadcasting an event?
Low-cost SaaS for a low-volume mailing list?
I want to compute gini, roc and auc for large datasets. Which platform should I use?
Is there a Python package to do constrained Delaunay triangulation?
Record audio of headwords and definitions of entire Chinese-English dictionary
Virtualization in a sandbox software
Citation automation software that correctly formats legal citations?
Visualize BEAST ancestral state reconstructions
Software like Samsung Galaxy Contacts
What would you recommand for team messaging / video conferencing, etc
Offline map for android able to save the users current gps position
What software can turn HDL into a Schematic?
Tool to recover Excel 2007 file password
Is there command line time calculator?
Scalable RDBMS alternative, NoSQL, NewSQL
Alternative to ELK, but based on PostgreSQL
C/C++ debug trace
Is there any free data modeling software that exports the schema to a machine readable format other than SQL?
Reporting tools when using SQL server management
Android app to show what apps/processes are currently using data
Convert SVG to PDF
ssh + gpm support on android
Database that has easiest replication/automatic healing model
Software for bulk image editing
What software to use to visualize the structuring of a new company?
Software to sort non-photo image files from photos (if photo files lack from EXIF/metadata)
Convert EPS to SVG
Gratis 2D floorplan drawing software
Something similar to Gource, but more general visualisations of SVO relations over time?
Open-Source Diff Tool for C#
Firefox add-on to switch a tab's ACCEPT_LANGUAGE
Handwriting OCR
Free and standalone application for projects time-tracking
Database Diffing tool/library
Database that doesn't get corrupted when killed or on power loss
Matching phone numbers within a vCard or CSV
LINQpad equivalent for JavaScript
Tool for documenting server configuration
Software to keep track track of attendance
Web Support Platform - Video, Docs and Chat / Voice
Email management tool for teams
Human (body) detection/recognition open source software?
Python module providing `word_is_in_language(string word, string ebnf)`
Library to recognize colo(u)red ares of an image
What software exists to manage my Windows 10 file associations, aka default apps, aka default programs?
Word processor for math and code?
PDF testing software
Is there an online service which translates text from English to 'Hinglish'?
Dashboard platform with custom widgets and mobile app
Node.js test application (to test monitoring tool)
Search for methods that catch one exception throw
Output characters from the clipboard one-by-one, as if typing
Bandwidth monitoring with daily quota, user notification
GUI for Python, Spark and R
VOIP for Ubuntu Linux?
Open source database product for Linux/Apache/PHP webapp
Jobs balancing tool for a group of Linux machines (modern alternative to condor)
Which module should I use for creating charts in Drupal?
Android keyboard app, with undo
JDBC bulk data load/unload tool to work with Oracle, H2
Need Software/pseudo printer to redirect print jobs to other printers and keeping copies of said jobs
Sorting scanned documents
Tool to collect and learn new words and idioms
offline lightweight html viewer
Tool recommendation for versioned, permission controlled custom list management
Windows command line software to produce pieces of videos between start/end time
Downloader for Evernote data
Is there a program that can compare binary files and merge individual blocks of non-identical data into a file?
How to get screenshot of VxWorks GUI?
HR personal record/inventory
Type notes on a completely blank screen, no menu bar, no status bar, no chrome
Streching a convex sphere into a concave (inside) of a sphere
Check for duplicate column names in an SQL query
Line art to SVG path conversion
Looking for a CSS usage checker
Is there a tool to get the body of EML files?
User database program
I need a software that lets me create an excel spreadsheet with mp3 file names and their descriptions
Notifications for OpenStreetMap edits in my neighbourhood
Bug/issue tracker for small extent team
Help authoring/hosting tool.
Free software to maintain server list/process list
Desktopless Virtual Machine for Windows
Combined kanban and gantt chart project management tool
Image system for franchise
Open source Tool for creating reports of DB structure for SQL Server 2008
GUI Text Editor for ARM Linux? Kinda like Sublime if possible,with syntax highlighting for at least Python,Lua and C/C++
Tool for merging Java classes and interfaces
MIDI recording from keyboard and editing on Android
Chrome extension for changing color based on URL
What is a good Framework for a realtime collaboration web app with several realtime documents per App Instance
Personal dashboard with API integrations to Asana, Slack, Google Calendar, etc
Manually but effectivly blur or pixelate area / object from hunderts of similar photos
SSML (Speech Synthesis Markup Language) editor
Software or extension to make possible using credentials but not leaving password to third parties
Vim plugins and configuration to make it behaves and look like Sublime?
How to convert an Excel spreadsheet into an interactable web page?
Framework/tool recommendations for a webbased sampling and A/B-testing project
A programming tool can deploy standalone software that can run in XP, win7 and win10
Browser for AMD Athlon without SSE2 instruction set
Object Inspoector for JavaScript (preferrably AngularJs)
Use regex and delete duplicate lines of text file that has 1 or more GB
Syncing cloud storage with external hard drive
MP3 audio recording app for iOS
API to access details on modules in Android apps
Firefox alternative compatible with NoScript?
Business plan/finance planning tool for freelance work
Find similar fragments in several text files
How can I open a URL from an image printed on paper?
Double Ratchet Algorithm (Axolotl) implementations
Software Evaluation and Purchase Sysetm
Software for converting HOCR format to txt?
Command-line web request client that outputs content and return non-zero exit status if error 404/etc
tools to create SQL queries through a graphical interface
Recommended broadcasting software with multiple outputs
Online tool for saving code snippets
Looking for C++ library that symbolically solves systems of set-subset equations
Webcam recording software for Windows
How can I get code syntax highlighting in Google Docs for Work?
Something lik Intel True Key for Ubuntu Linux?
Attendance self-tracking
Verified printf format string
What is a good Python module to access data in a MySQL/MariaDB database?
Solution for transnational email from any domain
Library for editing pdf file with C# in UWP
Lightweight tool to create video montages?
How could I add drag and drop functionality for the design of a restaurant's floor plan/table layout?
Before/After slider
Video/image capture software for USB camera on Windows 7
Linux text editor for large text files
IDE for embedded development on windows
A tool similar to iftop for collecting total network usage per destination
Share sticky notes on multiple computers
Tool to manage and query keywords associated with Git commits
E-commerce product restrict by zipcode
Mark files in directory as favorite (Ubuntu Desktop)
Software with onscreen calendar notification on android?
Tool to compare MySQL and Cassandra databases
different methods for rar archives
In-house FAQ/knowledge base that can work offline
Opensource self-hosted knowledgebase application
VLC or audio encoding and streaming on HTTP port solution
Notification app like Slack for single person
android app that locates people who are offline using android phone
What software or programming language is good for a ticketing system or project management?
CRM/customer support system to link ShipStation, G-Suite, Stripe, and social media?
Quickest way to convert Bootstrap website to IOS app with Cordova?
App lock with fingerprint reader support for Android
IDE for intepreting and compiling multiple languages: Fortran, C, Python, Octave, R...
What's the best IDE for C coding in Windows operation system?
Free hosted wiki for small teams
Encrypted notes managing tool
Scope of IDEs for lightweight compiling and building tasks
Batch remove artist and album name from MP3 files
Open source software that shows up Emergency Alert Message in full screen on a client desktop
Tool that allows users to login to an app that I've created?
Best C# library for charts
C++ library for lat/long to screen coordinates
Python plotting package with actual Python API
Tool that allows one user to record his desktop activity and send to other user in real-time
Ready to use c++ library for Embedding Python in C++
Free web-service for syncing cloud providers
Selfhosted PHP CRM (framework)
Chrome/Chromium alternative for the Firefox Self-Destructing Cookies extension
Markdown editor to preserve URL links in text copied from browser
Google Chrome extension to archive a web page
Maven plugin for preprocessing and generating sources
User-Friendly and Fast Alternative to Avast! Antivirus
What monitoring solution should I use for Kubernetes?
Python library to download directory
Possible Drupal 7 alternatives for the Gallery Assist module?
Hex editor to open remote files
Free libary in C# for inking on a PDF
timeline graphs
Android clipborad which stores multiple texts
Tools to scan code for open source licenses and copyrights?
Softphone with protocol to hang up the call
Detect if a github pull-request on json file is valid?
Seeking an alternative to Google Docs
Router operating system run program when new device connects
How to execute type save sql queries with C#? or Looking for SQL wrapping API for C#
App for inserting images in PDF file
Looking for a good free web usage monitor / proxy
Free tool for RGB PDF separation into R, G, B?
PrintServer (PDF) which archives tray selection meta data
Windows rsync command line
Source code mark up
Multi-user Bibliographic Management for Dropbox
Adding line numbers to a PDF
Is there olap server or cubes based on PHP?
Perform business intelligence on google analytics data stored in MongoDB
Lightweight text editor for spell check & grammar check offline in OS X
C/C++ library for 1D Undecimated Wavelet transform
Personal backup solution that can handle a large number of files with a history view
Recommendation for a hard drive panic button to securely erase hard drive in case of emergency
Desktop e-mail client with hierarchical labels and "conversations" (threads)
Voice control without cloud service
Python Curses Replacement
Stable Linux distro for business server management
Good and free program for SD card partitioning
Is there a tool to extract all possible paths between two locations in code?
Word-like program with tabbed documents
Spreadsheet software analog whitch separates Data from Presentation
Javascript or jQuery library to create photo slider
less-like pager with filter feature?
Twitter app with custom notification list?
Which DAISY reader works on Android?
Open source deployment manager for windows 10 applications, files and database?
Is there a form-filling application or Macro that can work on MS Word documents?
Keyboard and/or mouse profiles similar to NetSetMan?
Launcher for DOSBox and ScummVM games?
Match opening & closing HTML tags in a directory tree
OS to install on a Lenovo IdeaPad A1?
A web service to send email newsletters to RSS?
What is the lightest-ever Linux I could install on a VM just for SSH tunneling with openSSH?
Software that monitors network bandwidth usage per process 1
Browser or tool to support GPS-based HTML5 location
OS with file manager and web browser only
Onscreen image recognition for Linux
Physically accurate camera simulation software
What is the best method for managing many private YouTube videos?
Looking for a free Adobe Acrobat alternative for Business
Is there a framework/library/... that supplies web UI components for table/record navigation and filtering?
Boost ASIO book
OCR for low resolution image of text in cursive font
Feedly API Alternative
Remote Access network share
Linux code editor with bookmark toggling via mouse?
Searching for Linux Distro by certain criteria
Professional Web Authoring / Design Software
Android app for learning German (exclusively) vocabulary?
PDF to EPUB tool for articles
Animating image sprites and outputing scene to gif
Is there a text editor that can convert Base 2 to hex?
Windows C sockets library which uses iocp/epoll support
All text in website
Remove encoding artefacts from MP3?
Android picture: "Share to"  "Show on map"
How can I control the apps on my Android phone from a Win 10 laptop?
How can I edit a Tumblr .gif on my Android phone?
Alerting system for time series
Need program to unbrick usb memory stick
Own spreadsheet web application server
Monitoring the domains/URLs a Windows application connects to
Which front end SQL client should I use with a Windows front end configured to a Postgresql back end?
Front-end for Windows Search Service
Forcing USB device to install outdated drivers
WordPress plugin for partners page
Which software can implement the function of virtualbox and have other functions?
C++ to Matlab online converter
Online Payment gateway which accepts gambling
Software to solve a MD5 hash
is there command line software for convert jpg to png In addition to imagemagick in linux?
PHP - Emscripten Alternative?
On screen video recording software for Linux
Antrl V4 Editor / interactive interpreter?
SQL Server replication tool
How to count or draw the matched track only using python for two different images
notpad++ alternative for Mac OS with pretty print for JSON and XML
Software Copy Protection & Licensing
Code review software with ticketing system and in-line code editor
Gratis Audio Visualization and Analysis Software
Stopwatch that automatically pause on specific event
Image mapping and nested images?
Tool to "average" a good copy of a file from several copies of the same data that contain sparse random errors
Geometry and position layer over an image
Alternative to Wacom's Sign Pro PDF for Windows
Outlook Add-in/plug-in to find email
Social media platform
Is there an offline image recognition app for iOS?
Temperature logging with a fixed log size? [Windows]
Looking for a service to display 2 factor auth codes online, rather than on my phone
A robust and flexible alternative to doxygen supporting C++
What are some good IT helpdesk automation softwares?
SQL managing software to manage/edit querys
A music player program/operating system that plays YouTube videos for the Raspberry Pi
Migrate from WordPerfect to OpenOffice
Extremely simple job scheduler
Best AR SDks for unity to detect small cylindric target size of my ring with Logitech c270 webcam
Data analytics and statistics generation tool
Rename a dozen files to a dozen specific, different filenames
Software to make text analysis of csv file
How can I see a web page birthday and older versions of it?
File transfer software, linux, windows and apple
Extension or tweak to change Firefox handling of bad or self-signed certificates
Online service to search in text files
Data visualization for accepting key=value pairs for test Score/Health charts/graphs/tables
Adobe Acrobat like software for Linux to analyse PDF files
Backup folder structure (structure only, not actual file content)
A static analysis tool for C/C++
Software to handle another program's window like an auto-hide taskbar
Is there software or online resources where I can measure double click time?
Cloud storage desktop client with no local copy
PDF reader that can save multiple sessions?
Backup of files by delta in diffrent locations
Dynamic tool to test Java code for deadlocks and race conditions
Receipt tracking with purchase breakdown
Sublime Text 3 alternative to use on ARM Linux?
Software to conduct a webinar
Web-based Enterprise Level Dashboard and Visualization for Analytics
Is there an online Markdown editor with auto-complete feature?
Linux distro for netbook
Audio throughput app for iOS
Software for logging keystrokes with timing information
Command-line tool to empty a folder in CMIS/Alfresco/Nuxeo/SharePoint/Documentum
Text editor that takes more than 10 gb
Where to find Qt5 color schemes?
Alternative to clamav that works with amavisd-new (no architecture restrictions)
IP Scanner to scan a remote network through SSH
Kibana like dashboards for Cloudwatch
Auditing and versioning through Entity Framework
What 3rd party OpenVPN clients or addons are there?
How can I create large random images?
Offline Number Gossip
3-D Design Software
Video player for Android that allows custom aspect ratio and supports MKV with DTS and AC3?
Note-taking (memo) app without a (reachable) length limitation
On-demand virtual machine hosting
Alternative to workflowy - ToDo List (no cloud service)
Task tracker (more full-fledged and functional than Trello)
Can RNA assisted protein folding be performed computationally?
I need software that can extract some value in 1 big text file?
Resource managemen for event planning
Replacement for Picasa that respects my folder layout
json interactive interface
Holistic keyboard shortcut approach/scheme/guide?
Cross platform bookmark manager very many of items
Recommend a light, open-source, in-memory DBMS based on C++?
Create a small very restricted software
Tool to generate angular documentation searchable via tags
Text-recognition (OCR) software to extract serial numbers allowing professional use?
WYSIWYG editor that supports Bootstrap
Client Communication Tools For Web Dev/Design Projects
A catalog of online study groups
Java light weight and free dependency lister/analizer/diagram generator?
Linux/Windows app for graphing very large amounts of data
I need a program that can find Duplicate Images (Different Resolutions) and replace the smallest with a hard-link (Windows 7)
UNIX environment variable manaeger?
FFT library for C++ or tutorial
Software for documenting graph database nodes and edges
Need an alternative to Comodo Firewall
(Windows) Batch folder icon setter based on .ico/.exe files found inside
Open source web app file share wiki
A free program to log all programs on a computer that connect to the Internet
Local / Session storage in AngularJS
Remotely Play Games on PC While Someone is Using It
Looking for a better cross platform notification system
diff & patch tools for Windows that support UCS-2 encoded text files
Music player supporting resumption after close
Make my laptop think it's on wifi when I'm hotspotting 3G from my phone
Secure local interprocess communication toolkit
Notes app that syncs between Android and Windows
Tree structure software
Open source PDF reader for Windows
Software for character management for the pen & paper RPG GURPS, Edition 3
Browser add-on to get a POST button's equivalent curl command without having to click first
SVG generator with animations
How to monitor webpages for changes?
Free site to host MP3 files for download/streaming
cartesian coordinate generator, XYZ point data generator,
Tracking shared expenses
PHP library for holding deposit payments in escrow
Frequent large data transfers between disconnected systems
Presentation-mode PDF viewer for chromeOS
Freeware DVD to MP4 converter
Creating mailing lists that can be customized with paid/free options
Sports Matches Schedule API/SDK
Offline Code Snippet Manager
Android clipboard manager
convert protected DVD-files to unprotected files
Platform-independent and thread-safe logging solution
Music program for Ubuntu that can export an album or list of songs into one MP3
Webapp that merges, filters and sorts chronologically a large number of RSS feeds
software to re-use USB Volume control?
Persistent Countdown Timer for Windows
Maven archetype that creates a webapp with WAR generation, eclipse web project, JUnit, command-line Jetty
Alternatives to GoJS for flowchart
WhatsApp API / Library / service for private smart home project
Firefox: how to display more download status in the drop-down menu of downloads
What is the best framework to create video content management?
File chunker for C#
Linux hard drive speed test
Simple game for Windows to test a joystick controller
Setting up FTP server to be used with Wi-Fi Hotspot
Adobe Dreamweaver alternatives?
Is it possible to upload images to instagram without using proprietary software or "SaaS"?
Getting a notification when a website becomes online
Non-Google "Find My Phone" for Android devices?
Automated reverse image search
Creating a web music player
Image viewing software
Middleware / interserver communication tool
Are there newer instant messenger applications similar to Whatsapp for Symbian?
Full-featured Windows XMPP client that supports message carbons, archive management, and file upload
PDF viewer displaying PDFs created with Adobe Reader and containing XFA forms
Program that can create equation from numbers and result?
Simple issue tracker for GitHub (Github bugtracker is not OK)
View javascript console on any website for tons of end users?
Subscription Management Platform
Make sliding slideshow? - need a Video Editor (Tried Movie Maker/Premiere Pro)
Primer for Ruby on Rails
Backup software for macOS which support SMB
Is there a membership software that is good for content specific to a single user/member?
What software can I use to track my expenses and invoices?
Mobile PDF reader with javascript support
Drag and drop query browser
Automated search for dictionary form of German words
What is the best container for uploading videoless audio to youtube in terms of minimizing bandwidth?
Any javascript libraries that convert "google compatible search phrases" into a SQL where clause?
Apple Watch software to avoid forgetting phone
Staging Artifacts in Java
3rd-Party Software for updating my end-user's application
PDF parsing library compatible with .Net Core
Good HIDS for Windows?
Scheduling a task in java for specified date periodically?
Find out which unit test fails in dependency of another one
Clipboard Buffer like in IntelliJ IDEa
Vocabulary building browser extension
C compiler for 8086 or other 16-bit target
Free alternative to Videostream
Animated video overlays for educational videos
Digital Magazine Subscription Software/Services
Programming languages with FPGA
Which tool to use for SQL Server Database migrations and why as of 2017?
Alternative to ampache
A higher level (do-what-i-mean) alternative to jq for filtering json?
Software for drawing schematic diagrams
Software to play FM radio from a USB 2.0 Digital DVB-T SDR+DAB+FM HDTV TV Tuner Receiver Stick
Evaluating Performance of Spark on bare-metal against container
Firefox addon to stop youtube autobuffering/playing videos
Software for comparing two different text or html files
What program, software, or coding languages to schedule jobs, executable programs
Windows IDE for coding python
Windows 10 backup software which simply mirror my data onto the backup disk
Embeddable software that allows users to send game requests
Software to generate automatic subtitles? (film)
I want to build call center and hide the numbers from my workers
Is there any asynchronous network library in linux c?
IPhone software that would allow me to track expenses with my wife
CMS software for product showcase and comparison
Firefox add-on to save contents of different websites in to different locations in computer
Free offline Android English-Spanish dictionary
URL shortener which does not follow hyperlinks
PDF to Excel (xlsx) conversion
GPU stress test tool
Skype-like app on OpenELEC Linux
docx template engine for .NET
Batch processing Acrobat Forms
Pdf videos on mobile phone
venue seats design in javascript
Tool for cross referencing policy with compliance requirement
Reporting tool a bit like Crystal Reports for web applications
Python Markdown library that handles microdata
Free web-scraper tools for research studies
Keep Windows machines in sync on a system level
Suitable platform/tools for modernized version of Star Trek (text game)
Electronic attachments for physical mailing
Software to accurately identify unknown songs without words?
Terminal emulator software with a "playback" option
Is there any opensource java restaurant management system is available
Compiler for AMD CPUs : C, C++, fortran and BLAS/LAPACK
job scheduling and automatization with custom parameters
JavaScript RFC2217 client
Archiving conversations
An open source, self-contained PHP webchat application that can require user registration?
Adding mirror links to a text
SQL-like graphical software for entering, creating and displaying many to many tables
File backup, free for commercial use
Healthcheck JSON monitoring
Infinite canvas for taking notes and recording ideas in a freeform way
Scientific calculator with quick binary addition syntax
Browser addon, for auto-filling common form fields in job applications?
Is there a git remote service designed for non-code repos?
Display city along with caller ID
Handwriting Recognition Keyboard with Graffiti Support
Resource scheduling platform supporting exact cover? (e.g. HOWTO maximize room usage)
Python module for converting PDF to text
Augmented Reality SDK that will show pipe lines using GIS data
Note taking application for Android with option to share
Website testing / browser automation tools
Android application to share " Wi-Fi connection over Wi-Fi"
TV white space software
Tool to work with embedded Excel spreadsheets in .NET Core
Recommendation for NVCC compatible minimal c++ matrix library for unit test
Which tool makes transliteration of Hebrew words for documents?
Crash resistant screen recording
Simulation of reflection of microstructures
Fill every blank line with a difference from next line
Simple Mac video converter app
Proper noun dictionary?
Software to make blueprints from SketchUp Make (not Pro?)
web based open source solution for plot function
LAN-only IP-to-IP video chat
PHP Framework for ACL, Notifications incl. UI
Open Source personal dashboard web application
A program to verify checksums (sfv, md5) after double clicking
Unicode keyboard shortcuts known from Linux on Windows?
Very simple macro expanding command line program in Linux and Windows
Looking for a messaging service with api that lets me fan out messages to multiple users at once
Automatic expiration of user-created temp directories
Software to get basic hardware information from non-technical relative
Fast images cropping (manually)
Add event to Google calendar without showing the calendar
Price Comparison template bootstrap
Is there a private messaging app without identity?
Bulk Cropping Images Manually
IT support: Tickets and visit-report software
Open source/Free real time remote desktop software for linux/Mac Operating systems?
Need Email Client ASAP Please
Development environment for OS programming
How to accept PayPal payments in a Python application?
Android app (can be rooted) to log SMS sent by other apps
Engine for turn-based local multiplayer game
Is there a schema search tool for postgresql?
Open Source Quizzes Self-Hosted
Analyze changes of voice volume (dB) throughout the day
Engine turn based local multiplayer game
Simple command-line program for Linux that scedules file/directory deletion, allowing undo it within a minute
Performance test system for training
What alternatives do I have for Azure Blob Storage?
Open source editor for Microsoft Windows that handles read-eval-print loop
Adobe Livecycle alternative
WebDAV for Django Application
Software for cryptography (e.g. RSA encryption)
Open Source Document Automation - Jinterview Alternative
Identify and concatenate data embedded in Excel Spreadsheets
Is it possible to do price breaks in Woocommerce using actual prices ( not discounts)?
Play a sound to the microphone input
Export files with folder structure in Evernote
Is there a password manager that requires no client side installation?
How to get a single view of all my calendars?
Replace a word by another word in all my Stack Exchange questions and answers
Simple, free project management software
Deliver file according to user ID
Filesystem for 1 million+ files
"Untokenize" a list of tokens
Is there any API for automatic video treatment ? (auto-enhancing contrast, brightness...)
Copy Paste Cite to Markdown Tool
API or library to obtain a mirror of a link
An app to run iPhone apps on Mac
Looking for an image to vector convert capability without installing on computer?
Google Chrome extension to keep track of how much time I spend composing text in Google Chrome
intel hd graphics 620 driver for windows 8 64 bits
Auto-completing words on Microsoft Windows
Database software for a personal budget
Media player with slow motion, frame by frame, zoom, pan and scan, loop back
Closed Source PHP CMS
Screen shot with basic annotation
Which framework is best to use for creating a multi platform auction app?
software for infographics for animation
self hosted mailing list
Plugin for Notepad++ to reformat my html code
Automated mysql table duplication between servers, via SQL
Software or tool for employee resource management
What are some best open source software alternative for popular proprietary softwares like Photoshop and inDesign and so on?
PowToon alternative
Snap window shortcuts in Ubuntu Gnome 17.04
Visual Composer Standalone?
Software for simulating mouse click at a specific position with shortcut key?
PDF reader that smartly rearrange layout to fit on mobile screen for comfortable reading
How to store online/in cloud WIFI passwords?
A text-to-speech software for French
Suggest for each word I typed alternative words that are pronounced similarly
WYSIWYG word processor (or other tool) able to generate HTML from a document
Best Framework for Web App employing Python code
Getting to know related search queries from google
Linux-compatible static site generator with a flexible, powerful and well-documented templating engine and out-of-the-box markdown support?
Alternative to Evernote
Need a common email account service used by multiple people
I need to build a planner app, does one language have open source advantages?
Which cloud service should I use for a simple java program?
Are there any OS X hypervisors that allow nested virtualisation?
Software to draw static infographics for Linux
GTK+ GPX Viewer
Is there an offline two factor authentication client for Linux that I can use as TFA with Gmail, Dropbox, etc.?
Personal Relationship Managment or CRM
Rapid Database User Interface creation, like Forms in MS Access / Base (LibreOffice/OpenOffice) [opensource]
Click on a word to get its pronunciation
Easily readable font with visible differences between lowercase 'l' and uppercase 'I'
iOS app to make interval photos
Intuitive tool to filter multiple CSV files or multiple columns in one CSV file with complex IF requests
Web service interacting with C/C++ hardware interface
Webapp that predicts the reading of a Japanese given name
SQL Editor for Microsoft SQL server
Software to merge CSV files with true/false columns if entry is present
Tool to help the Helpdesk
Anyone know of an MPD client that stores ratings in the MPD database
System dependency visualisation
Looking for a way to sync/mirror contacts from Office365 to Outlook.com in Outlook 2016 Desktop App
Text editor that only lets you specify font, text size and color
Alfresco or confluence
What software can help auto construct software skeleton from various OO design charts?
Data collection freeware for Trimble
JS GUI framework on top of Django REST framework
Snapshot of IO activity of server: But **inclusive process information**
Open source alternative to Doodle?
File search tool
SIP VoIP Phone app for IOS 10 supporting CallKit and PushKit
Video editing software for software development
Batch conversion of PDF files to PDF/A files
Android phone call receiver with voice record in WAV format
Is there an XML Renderer For Draw.io Graphs
Code editor for mac with specific shortcuts
Software that allows to create and practice Multiple Choice Questions tests for personal use
OCR software with location information
Podcast application for Linux allowing control of the audio speed
A tool for converting date copy into date format
I am looking for Version Control for office documents
Alternative to sudo which allows regular expressions
Cloud app for desktop with the ability to make screenshots
Sound library organizer free
Is There Any Automated Code Review Tool/Service for Matlab?
Version-Control for Text Documents - Git based Text-Editor / Markdown-Editor?
Automatically push a Git (github) branch to to Visual studio online
Javascript framework that uses annotations for routing
Is there a software for aggregating frequent flyer accounts?
Looking for DVR software to record from multiple capture cards
Generic Search for any Django Model
WebP Duplicate Finder
Lightweight cross-platform cryptography-quality RNG
Software to create exams
Web software that will allow me to build a conditional wizard form?
Which software for statistics and data analytics?
Program to remove special characters non ascii from large texfiles
Check whether a URL exists in any of the Internet archives
Android app emulator for Mac to run popular games
Standalone, self-contained s(n)printf implementations
Dual monitor screensaver engine Windows 10
Simple tag-only WYSIWYG HTML editor for Mac OSX?
Acquiring images from a live video from a TV to PC adapter
Music server (on premise) that allows editing playlists on all devices
In office chat with persistent notifications
Is there a plotting library which allows me to drill down and roll up on a social network type graph?
Software to learn Excel VBA without buying Excel
Looking for a Overlay UI marking program for screencasting
library for PDF reports
Alternative to JavaScript
PHP Business Intelligence - alternative to metabase.com
Software for writing stories
C++ library to compress files with password protection
Windows plugin to always show if a program was started with admin rights?
File converting to pdf
Search tool for scanned PDF documents and images
Tool for Cryptographic Message Syntax
Software to quickly change WiFi power
Web library/framework for real-time flow diagrams
Map application that can balance time vs "nice itinerary"?
i need a software for online class
Optimize mod_rewrite rules
Digital whiteboard software?
Free media player that has gradient highlighting effects?
HTML5 2D game engine for app similar to image editor
App to be reminded of dates in a particular sequence?
Video player for GNU Linux
Check whether an .iso file exactly matches a CD or DVD
CMS for job website
Content Management system i can use for a Job Website
What software library can I use to tokenize attached words?
Reliable message queue system
Software to produce graph, chart, table from an SQL query
Converting jpeg images to 16 color bitmap (bmp) images in bulk
What tools or resources support collaborative transcription of Russian manuscripts?
Setting up local FTP that can easily be accessed by multiple users
Mobile web apps IDEs or frameworks focused on design?
Photo viewer with full screen support and system-wide shortcuts capable
Terminal tool under DOS
MSExcel/spreadsheet data entry vs traditional form data entry
Software to match each sentence with each other from two epub files of different language versions of the same book
Simple terminology checker
Best Software for DVD long play burn
What open source program will graph data from mysql database?
Android Network Monitor
Shortcuts to enter text composed of combinations of previously stored standard phrases
Parental control for mint linux
Software with a lot of auto features to improve vhs quality (digital copy)?
Free Windows program to convert video from VOB
Text processor that is capable of Arabic
Chrome malware scanner
C# Code Analyzing tools for Linux with Mono framework that work with Command Line
Java OCR library
Python GUI automation library for simulating user interaction in apps
Software to merge/organize multiple iterations of a music library
Solution for self-hosted technical documentation?
What is a good portable for screenshot or capture?
(Open Source/ Low Cost) Conference Management Software
Secure File Storage
Language/Library to use for unsafe/untrusted code hosted by python
Automatically find small objects in picture and extract them as smaller images
Is Umbraco the right solution for me?
Download entire website with first degree sub-urls
Suggestions for rapid cloud app development
What Java ORM can give me both dynamic SQL and control of the ResultSet at the same time?
Java implementation of Supersingular isogeny DiffieHellman key exchange (SIDH)
Choosing DNS server to add A records remotly
Drug Interactions Web service, Database or JSON/XML Files [For Web Application Development]
AdAway alternative for non-rooted Android devices?
dimensional analysis (units checking) in python?
Managing public relations in non-profit organizations
Drupal modules to make a recruitment website like drupaljobs
Is Mailspect a good replacement for Maia Mailguard or is there a comparable free software?
Highly customized map style
Generic tool to create software configuration GUIs
Program to crop and resize to predefined settings in one go
Text message app that updates emojis
Javascript Framework for a CRUD web app
Self-Hosted Cloud Storage
macOS Preview alternative for annotating pdf files (other than Acrobat)
Testing automation tool
Software to record video lectures on Linux
File carving software for Windows or Linux (pref windows). Need to rescue SMS from an Android userdata partition
Tool for executing custom command in a network
Search & Replace Software which accept replace words count more than 234,206 characters
Screen recording tool that records both Speaker o/p as well as mic input
OCR from picture in clipboard
Good free antivirus for Windows 10
A number cruncher software that can work with very large numbers
Create acroform in pdf with free software?
Proxy for macOS with support for HTTP(S)
A tool to remove unneeded classes from jar file
To create comic book, multi page, vector based, free/open source alternative
File gallery website software
Python tool that automatically converts between snake case and camel case?
Uptime tracker for linux
Software to compress PDF files
IDE for Creating PostgreSQL C extensions
Open Source Document Reviewing Software
Sync local postgres db to a cloud postgres db, as a Windows Service
Is there a good Terraform provider for provisioning VMs on KVM/QEMU
TV Everywhere apps for Samsung Gear VR
atom package that lets me view opened files
Trick or addon for autoscrolling long web-pages with Firefox
Free app to minify / obfuscate Angulr Js
SmartHome: determine a persons location in a room
Can anyone suggest an Anti-malware app for Android?
What framework do you recommend for a web application development project?
Each client should have their own private "room" where they can video/text with their support person from my team
Simple note app always available with hotkey
Use macbook as noise-cancelling headphones
Create a diagram based on user input on a website
Utility that can search an image for a specific RGB code?
Accessible YouTube client
For Apache Spark is there a Front-End that is recommended
Lighter alternative to Virtualbox?
Free screen capture software for recording Minecraft videos
Been told to look into Workflow Engines to automate the running of some processes, I'm not sure its correct for my use case
Software for Creating and Maintaining User/Service Manuals
Is there a program to copy full folder path directories?
Is there a program with similar drawing capabilities as Macromedia Flash Studio 8?
Photo/image (not document) scanning for low-end USB scanners
Image Steganography tool which works on linux and mobile platforms
Add a "banner" to top and bottom of many photos
Shared online contact management/address book solution for info on friends and relatives
What browser for S40 feature phones allow me to use interactive web apps?
Foolproof way to scrape articles
Software that tells me which author's style my text most closely resembles
Web crawler that lets you specify depth of linked domains
simplest possible linux graphical design/image processing program
Dynamic Floor Plans in Web App
Teaching basics of programming to a smart 3-year old?
How to run id3lib dll library?
online api for text to image conversion
Browser based interface to a local mailbox in mbox format
Alternative to owncloud, which can store data on external sdcard on android
Gratis webmail email (web-app) with customizable filter rules
swift trigonometry where is it
Android alarm clock with gradual increase in alarm volume
System monitoring tool
Looking for a tool to static code analyse
A good front-end web file manager that can be integrated with a linux server
Inverted Doodle
VNC server for Android
Click Lock for external mouse on OS X Sierra
Which shell do u recommend for web development on Windows 10, as of June 2017?
good software to practice communication skills
Advanced graph visualisation library for C#
Web-based admin interface for Linux-based embedded systems
different desktop on different monitors (win10)
What programs allow this kind of data entry?
Free software to record speedpaints
What Windows-accessible email clients allow recipients to control a sender's display name?
Bulk split audio files in a folder
Save or export SVG as CMYK pixel data
If there is a software for Mac similar to WinSCP on Windows?
How to join and convert chunks of .ts files to mp4
Browser that Creates Independent Sessions for each New Window?
Book Translator
What software can model a hot object melting through ice?
Software wiki framework that jupyter's doc uses?
What's a good IDE to use for Java?
Raw partitioning software for Windows 10
REST API using Protobuf - on Embedded platform
Suitable engine for game with no movement
A Visual Studio tool to generate "relation map" among the C structs of a big c project
Remove marks in pen from a scanned copy of a book
Is there a hypervisor that meets these goals?
Canopy Clustering cons and pros
2D array to tile map
Update Power Point slides from SQL data in real time
Examination software
Automatically upload file
Windows application to replace icon within another application
Looking for a free Windows command-line PDF restrictions remover
Monitor elements of a webpage & receive real-time alerts
Network documentation software
Software to whitelist websites on a router
canonicalizing an address in java
Analytics API to gather data for display in own product
CMS to implement custom design but editable text, images
How to makebox plots in Ubuntu 14.04?
Looking for baseline GIS software
Is there a standard or common header file for cross platform sockets?
Manage a wide array of devices centrally, from one console
Non-editable non-deleteable prediction site
What's a good, simple, dynamic 3D mesh renderer?
Configurable Rijndael implementation for Linux?
Mass MP3 File Stretcher?
Assess a picture's quality (size, contrast, sharpness)
standalone software to generate heat map of movement from video
Elliptic Curve Family "KSS16" arithmetic implementation in C (on embedded devices)
Which database to use for making a small inventory management system?
Mouse/keyboard macro program?
Translating source-code into Java
Modern C++ CSV reader (and maybe writer) library
A Chrome extension that displays a list of all open tabs
LDAP interface for non-technical employees?
Is there cloud service or cloud software with features similiar to version control system?
What tools do you use to monitor applications and business-specific data? (apart from Jenkins)
All-in-one and lightweight management software for a software startup
Timer/Stopwatch for Windows that looks nice and is "always on top" or in the taskbar?
USB Audio streaming Windows to Windows
Framework for a simple web app for intranet
Java equivalent to NumPy
Is there a trackpad tap visualizer
I want to develop a web app in a scripting language without mutable state
Software to automatically change the wallpaper depending on the screen orientation
To search almost any file based on context on Windows
Editor that shows RegEx selection and replacement results?
Recommendation for an advanced registry editor?
Android app for personal time tracking with projects, tasks and timers
Match a person in a picture
Music Software for making samples
What software can I use to find and manage duplicate files (docs & photos) on Mac OS Sierra
Display video directly from an MTP device in Windows
Drawing/Text Editing tool with panning and zoom facility with relative cursor size
Multi-threaded server and workflows with big bottlenecks
Frequently used snippets
Software that emulates a graphics tablet
Is there any good module for reading string from a scanner for Python 3.6?
What App is used to create the following diagram
What .NET framework should I use for a CMS/social network hybrid?
Rewarded video website for browser games/websites
Automatic screenshots with cursor
Open source 3D imageviewer for Multi Picture Object (.mpo) files (Linux)
Browser with multiple simultaneous (in-sync) previews?
What web chat app could suit my specific needs?
Are you aware of any tools for osx that can show my daily weekly and monthly internet usage?
Are there static language compilers that can target optimized Lua 5.1/5.2 code?
Software for managing SAAS subscriptions
Video editor for android similar to Premiere Pro
Android app to convert from multiple currencies to one
Is there a PDF software capable of finding, extracting, selecting and then summarizing the annotations/comments based on a search criteria?
Hybrid Mobile App Framework for reading fitness history
What is a recommended Python Library for InfoPath XML?
App to select random objects from photo
Assembly IDE Similar to IDA's Graph View
Java Library (or regex examples) for identifying code in a String
Java chart libraries suitable for realtime stock charts?
Track down a caller from his ID
SQL Server database version control
Collaborative Markdown Editor
Software to setup cron jobs programmatically
Cloud Solution with custom Thumbnails
How to carry calculation and draw plot lines in a web page?
Schedule download of new files on an FTP server
Software music player with API (for Windows)
Self-hosted open-source sales/product analytics solution?
Collaborative planning of Facebook posts
rough comparison of files
Website Interface Translation Chrome Extension
Open source Ecommerce with a rest API
Cartography: Software for creating high quality topographic maps
Android app for compass calibration to factory settings
Free/Open Source CRM where the Lead is seen as a Company
Seeking software for visualization and sketch on yard from photos
File Storage Synchronization Local Service
client specific file management through website
quad precision blas/lapack
extended precision sparse matrix solver
WD My Passport Backup Software for Windows
Android Push Notification Service
Is there any R GUI not using client-server approach?
Is there a better software/library towards analytics (and visualisation)?
C# - XML workflow library
Internet speed checking app for Android
which database is better for my case? sql? nosql? newsql?
Collaborative tree/hierarchical note taking software
Best software for family finance
Application that can detect GSM signal proximity
Compiler for the B language
Mountable, "server-less" online storage to replace Google Drive Sync
Video players that are completely open source for Linux (mkv, mp4, avi)
To have notes and move them super-easy over canvas
Database as a Service provider for a small retail business
Program to log which program has the focus on Microsoft Windows
Web app that will parse a Russian sentence
Two-pane text editor that executes external commands for preview
Illustrator (*.AI) compatible way to do work?
Android email (IMAP) apps which encrypt their data
First person shooter for Ubuntu
Is there a Java IDE that has the ability to produce an imagemap?
Looking for an old first-person-shooter
Linux screen annotations
What could I use to edit graph-based data?
Is there a free method to share a USB device from a hyper-v host to a guest VM?
Is there any tool to silent Os Install
Testing client-side javascript (NOT Node)
Software for topographer on Ubuntu/Linux
Which is the best http client library based on either C or C++ in terms of performance during heavy parallel downloads?
Enterprise Time Tracking Software
Free (as in freedom) software which can apply lossless compression to DNG files
RSS reader addon for Firefox which keeps feeds
Maven scp and extract plugin
What solution to use in order to monitor the uptime of virtual servers in internal LAN (behind a firewall) and notify through the WAN interface?
Action/Signal to time mapping software
git gui for linux that is like TortoiseGit
Simple C++ 2D rendering engine
Mac capable Access similar database software
Checksum Generators With Advanced Functions
Android lockscreen that allows quick access when connected to specific WiFi networks
Google Sky-similar program to select celestial objects
A free program to turn a PC into a Chromecast or AirPlay receiver
Generate documentation from source code
Linux live distro including OpenShot and/or Kdenlive
Software for controlling microscope's camera's capture time and duration
Software to record lectures with powerpoint, web cam video, and mic audio
C Matrix and Vector Math Library for 2D game engine
Disk Imaging Software (Bootable)
Far Manager plugin that support quickly jumping to directories
Chrome extension to save currently loaded HTML (not the originally loaded one)
Free Web Based Electronic Laboratory Notebook (ELN) with Sufficient Storage and DOI assignment and legal measures
Software to parse web site content and make analysis
Is there a slack integration or app which provides running HTML+CSS+JS code snippets?
Microsoft Office Compatible-Software
Facebook wall downloader
Ubuntu 16.04 WYSIWYG web page editor that can change selected text background color?
Free software document management
Automate 3 steps verification - Database and documents
Free book summary application usable on Linux
NodeJS Software Driven Temporary Wall Outlet Battery Buffer For Server
Record-and-play web apps load/stress testing
Using webcam as security cam
Reverse TCP proxy that can start and stop the proxied application
Text analysis software similar to Concordance
What is a service than can handle my API keys?
Voice recognition based subtitle synchronisation
Convert more word files into pdf files - software for Windows 10
Non subscription based firewalls
Tool for generating test case document from javadoc
Create and easily display cheat sheets (with shortcuts) for any program on Mac
Order platform/CMS (private)
Free, minimal nodeJS hosting solution that doesn't require a credit card
Windows Tool for automatic regular screenshots
Create ASCII art tables
Gratis volume booster for Windows
OpenSource git based CMS to integrate with our software platform in Django
C++ source code browser or analyzer with query feature
Software service to retain coursework
Is there software that can search my photo collection by content?
Plugin for Visual Studio to visualize code complexity over each method
Email encryption
Is there any git client for linux that supports the Live Map feature of GitUp?
Recover files from deleted partitions
Automatic photo slideshow creator (like "BlackBerry Story Maker") for Windows
Backup an operating system via ssh?
Any good duplicate photos finder based on photo contents omitting metadata?
Which software can I use to make this type of video?
Android keyboard that doesn't insert space after the recommended word
Game recommndation: Ancient rome
Chrome browser extension to download images from photo album webpage?
Automated full system backup solution that deletes old backup files as needed
Like XMind but with directed acyclic graph?
Offline database for Java
Implementation Python interpreter over micro controller?
Online public database for book readers
js library - generate pdf from json
Independent of chat-integrated slide-casting app for Linux & Windows
Human-readable format for storing keyvalue pairs
Android app that can move an email, with a single click, from the inbox to a specific folder on the email provider's server?
Website Builder with Custom Coding App
Windows video editor for time-warping
MS Outlook email alert
Software to edit large raw datasets easily for PostgreSQL imports?
Simple 2D Animation software for infographics-like animations
Is there alternative to SQL Developer that supports PL/SQL too?
Cross-platform (Android, iOS) game engines on Linux
Drone imagery online deaddrop
Library for file management. Two backends: filesystem, s3
Software to prevent employees from stealing data and using software illegally
Plotting very long signals without aliasing
Software to find JPG among thousands of locally-stored scanned documents
Time tracking Software which allows categorisation
Assemble user documentation from pieces
Repository type recomendation
Reverse graph visualization
Word recommendation keyboard for Ubuntu?
What is the best software to scan documents in Windows 10?
Skype for Business for Linux Users
Libraries/SDKs for publishing magazine content for the mobile devices
Looking for a good open source marketplace
Embedded database on Java
What is the best software for low level recovery ext3/ext4 that you may recommend after mistakenly GPT initiation?
Decision trees in R or Python (not from dataset)
Concurrent document collaboration on local servers
Tool to script telnet connections, commands, etc
Linux Server - Windows Program
GUI-based measure distance on screen rectangular selection
Looking for web-browser with web-based user interface
Recover information from android recorded 3gpp audio file
Software that makes an image pop when i click on a certain location
An alternative to POPFile email classifier
MicroFront Ends Recommendations
What's a free and open source alternative to TeamViewer (remote control software) for GNU/Linux?
Library with standard(ish) type for representing decimal fractions
GUI tool for MongoDB in Ubuntu server
Free navigation app that allows me to specify my speed on different road types
Track changes on a webpage that uses POST
Cultural heritage participatory platform with photo uploading and 3D reconstruction - Django with Visual SfM?
Switch TLD and domain name location?
Google Translate bookmarklet
Efficient way to manually categorize / tag short texts
voip software to RECEIVE phone calls on computer
App showing only direction and distance of goal
Next step up from QuickTime screen recordings?
Rich HTML source editor
What would be the best way for me to collect postcodes in store?
Email client that handles arbitrary addresses
JavaScript parsers for syntax checking
Tool to write a scheduled job that sends an email every 5 minutes using .Net core & SQL Server
Software for record retention
Adding interconnected numbers to a drawing
Scanning Suite for Windows
pdf reader that mimics the user-experience of a physical book
Generate partial Disk Images
Tool for downloading URL files/images into an archive or directory
Mouse and keyboard recorder software for Windows 7
sports feed API, free or paid
RSA library for C supporting smaller key sizes
Free offline Speech Recognition SDK (API)
Celery like system based on django channels
How to run an online application rendered inoperable due to Adobe Flash updates?
IntelliJ plugin or other software to generate Java code maps
Tool to help deploy Java Servlet web app server software in a customer environment?
Free android emulator for Windows that's lightweight and without any virtual box
Visual Studio extension that by default sets breakpoints labels to its calling function names
Project planning software for Linux
Text processor that supports vertical text for Asian languages (Mac)
Editing a directed graph
Remote Desktop with "VMware Unity Mode"
Volunteer Management Software that does NOT require volunteers to create an account?
Generate ETL for many (173) delimited database files
How can i run my service on a clustered environment?
App that can locate a missing kindle fire 7?
php web based app or desktop app to managing columns and insert rows to them, then managing rows, search in them, display them and filter them!
Any software that can draw triangle strip like this?
A C-file-layout-aware diff tool?
GTK text editor with auto-completion and trailing-space visualisation
Organisational forms workflow with sections assigned to teams
Panorama Stitcher for Linux
Video Editor where I can hold a button while playing to select sections for removal
Free software to use as aircraft register with photos
Obfuscator for .NET Core
Photo Viewer that allows me to mark photos for further review
GUI builder on concept level
Editing a directed graph node-by-node (perhaps a wiki)
Any library to symbolically solve system of PDEs in the form of expansion series?
Web-sites and apps for transporting small things in cars going in required direction
Web interface for photo/video gallery with access tokens
offline Snippet Manager
Differential copy solution for Windows
Voice-activated dialer for Android that is privacy sensitive
Puzzle games for children without fluffy graphics (not "educational")
Software development todo (issue) tracker hosted locally
Tool for statistical performance measurement in production environments
Looking for script or software to pull from REST API and dump result into database
App to quickly and easily transfer small amount of data from Windows to Android
Responsive JavaScript table to load 20k records in 2 or 3 seconds
IDE or text editor that really indents everything?
Aspect-oriented programming library for C#
Open Source bug tracking software, implemented in Java
Collaborative documentation management software
Automate identifying location of flaws
Transcription software (manually) - shortcut pause/play on keyboard
CMS for Web directory
Making CVs / Resume gender neutral
Ecommerce platform
Time based video search engine
Open source wiki in Java (similar to Foswiki)
Finding the right accounting software
Search 15,000 PDF or EPUB books
Identify scanned document is handwritten or printed
Do you know any online form instead of Google forms and Survey monkey?
Detect pirated software on my personal computer
Calculator without on-screen keyboard
Online Content Management Database for Media and Literature
Line-based 3D modeler (alternative to Sketchup)
ToDo list (productivity app) with api, reminders, custom fields
Video clip viewer
Email client with setting sync
Relational database service billed on reads/writes rather than time
XML long config problem and better way to handle them
strong mutation control *and* named optional arguments
Create managable flowchart for documentation
Software or web to track changes on technical documents?
Android app to wake me up at my subway/train station
Transparent file compression apps for macOS
Windows utility to visualize progress
Tool for plotting a functional dependency matrix
What desktop GUI framework to use for development of a Gnome Photo Album app using pygobject
Software for song book (booklet)
Looking for an HTML Drop Down Select Menu with Autocomplete and remote data support
I'm looking for a C programming app for Android
Task Scheduler website/app that works with 30 minute intervals
Portfolio app for iPhone
Programmer's editor (or its plugin) which opens Alternate Data Streams (ADS)
What set of tools can I use to create algorithms independent of programming languages?
Free C++ UI Framework for Visual Studio 2017?
Open Source EDI Mapper
What APIs would allow users to easily import contact information from my website?
Windows free email client which can change custom fonts
Flexible Open Source ERP System/Framework that works on top a Graph Database?
Attendance system to prevent freeloaders from attending my institute
Open source "doodle-mailing-list-attendance-coordination" software
Software to check for missing brackets/tags/html?
Offline personal survey app
I am wondering whether I keep on using Nozbe or change another tool
Looking for HTTPS (single-target) relay proxy
XMPP client with group encryption
File explorer (Windows) that displays (GUI) a numbered column next to file list
Nuclear launch alert
Produce a heatmap of Wi-Fi intensity using GPS
Filesearchy alternative - Unable to reach the author or website is not working
Java scientific math library to solve a string
Windows GUI administration tool for MySQL that support 2FA
Appointment Management Library for Java
Reminder when opening app
SSH software to connect to a list of IPs at once?
Text pattern search tool or library for MS Word and PDF documents
Installation package generator for Postgres, Tomcat, Java (jre) and a war file
Solaris SunOS 5.11 Hex Editor
Dashboard examples using pure css-grid
Dump list of installed programs to a text file
standalone git server for a team
Tool for counting total needed lines of code in a Java project (including code in library projects)
Recording heart rate from a Bluetooth heart rate monitor
iOS and android reader for djvu files that supports tabs
Graphical Reporting tool alternative to Excel
Which software allows me to perform hierarchical clustering manually?
Automated screen pause reminder
Java graph library with visualization on console
Backup tool for windows 10
Platform-independent open source reference management software
Android app for ledger-cli
OCR tool which can recognize tables
Ultra-fast text rendering in C#?
Shazam tagged songs duplicates detector
HTML editor with real-time preview for GNU/Linux
Self-hosted web service for file search
User friendly CLI for git
Static site generator for presenting an overview of projects on a single page
C protobuf-like framework, without malloc
Linux tool to detect buffer overflows on inter-process shared memory
Test data generator for MySQL
Scripting engines benchmark
Similar software to Stack Exchange, but with flavor of support group
Free feed reader with push notifications for iPhone
Git client that can handle and organize a large number of repos
Android ping tool with audible ping
Scheduling remote access
Gmail notifier that uses Windows 10 notifications
Portable QR Code (QRcode) generation app for Windows
Static site authoring with Github Wiki (.md rendering from Git with custom CSS)?
Android Texting App That Works Like iMessages
Software to manage artifacts for various product releases?
Rename thousands of pictures using their EXIF date
Good free backup software that remembers the external drive no matter what letter windows assigns to it?
Software to password protect Django folders
Clocks from different timezones on the Taskbar
Setup online discussion forum
Is there a web app that will monitor a specific given webpage and alert you if specific text appears?
I want a C compiler with a configurable bit size
jar reverse obfuscation tool
Log viewer soft with a JSON presentation for windows
Software with phone-app and web interfaces to create impromptu groups and discuss
Software to split large PDF file into multiple documents
Which free notetaking software allows me to highlight specified words, categorize ideas and organize weblinks?
Frame-time/frame-rate logging software
Best Android launcher for productivity
Point Cloud visualization in Java/Android
Photo preview and quick deletion tool for Windows
Only keep __ most recent subfolder
Looking for Scala or Java library that supports symbolic algebra and step-by-step symbolic solutions
What tool could I use to generate songs from text?
Gratis, Libre, graphical PDF editor for UN*X with specific capabilities
Looking for good DLNA renderer (player) for Windows 7 (32 bit)
Alternatives to SPICE?
Reliable Upload-App (FTP/WebDAV/...) for Android
How do I make information across our organization more transparent and accessible?
Military strategy game on modern era
Writing events and logs to database
Check for folder/subfolders duplicates in another folder/subfolder BUT not checking for the duplicates in the second folder itself
Services like Gist or Pastebin that allow pasting of images
Export Member requests for a facebook group?
What should we use for online documentation browsing?
free software to create employee database
Binary "repository" recommendation
System that allows me to create a form that users can fill to assemble Word/Excel files
A program that manages window positions and sizes between different monitor configurations on Linux
Is there any software which makes my Data entry as well as error correction jobs easier?
Python library to update PDF metadata
Tool for recording first chance exceptions without creating a crash dump file
Npp Plugin - Display images inline
Tools for "renting" time on windows machines
Imagus alternative for Firefox 57
Paint on PDF via PDF.js
FingBox DIY Alternative
How to deploy a java program to a web site
Standalone PGP Text Encryption Application
SQL Input Sanitization Library
Markdown notepad for iOS mac and web
File manager for linux, similar to this one for OSX?
Chrome extension for adding annotations/markups on the page
Online backup for Windows and Linux
Open source software for automotive ECUs?
Create a board with reference images on a specific subject
Viewer for Performance Monitor logs
Capture Screencast hiddenly?
Editor for Amazon Kindle .mobi files
Multi-user flexible-declarative-schema database management webapp
Which APIs are cheaper than (SpyFu, SimilarWeb) for finding your competitors online?
C++ Part-Of-Speech tagger
Alternatives to archive.org
Email client for windows, Android and Linux with sync
Tutorial virus for apprenticeship
Application that can aggregate all my French bank accounts (i.e., Mint for French bank accounts)
Website Login System - Out of the box
Split pdf table columns into separate pages
what is the best open source tools for develop AR app?
PHP vs. Python for creating a website
Modern TeX/LaTeX Literate Programming Tool?
Desktop, content-aware / path-aware backup program
Image viewer for Android which can show big images in full resolution
Open source PDF viewer for Linux with JavaScript support
GUI bulk and intellectual image converter to convert png to jpeg with minimal losses and excluding containing transparency
Crashplan exit - what are the alternatives?
Where can I find an easy to use database with the latitude and longitude of ZIP Codes in America?
Software for Android App Documentation
Free & easy blog platform with option to let others see it only with a password, no need to register
Software for Windows for organization of ideas
Programming language w/o pointers and sizeof?
Force Clear Notification With QR Code
Which 3rd party "keyboard shortcut" software shoud I use for Windows?
Text to MP3 program
Database (or more) for online statistics over measurement values
Mercurial GUI with support for evolve
Displaying and deleting lat/long points (from CSV file) on map
Looking for something similar to Time Machine for windows 10
Which IDE to use for C++ game development on windows and on Linux?
MIDI library for STM32
Replacement for ServerSwitcher addon (Firefox)
Replacement for TableTools addon (Firefox)
Generating ggplot2 plots from c++
Customer feedback builder web application
Mute /Silence Android Smart Phone based upon calendar event of "Outlook" app (Microsoft)
XPS-Viewer cannot rotate, is there an alternate program that can?
Viewer for biomedical 4D image data too large for RAM
Parking lot diagram creator
Java object cache (in-memory)
VR Player for Linux
Creation of an interactive STL file editor
Is there a browser that can load a page > 4GB
Compare Swagger Specs in .NET
Software to evaluate Python code in a static web page?
Online app/text editor to format stack exchange posts
Software for Linux that disables trackpad while typing?
Best open source tool to manage design documents like class diagram
Mac app to fuzzy search through PDF files library
Kanban board written in Python
Boomerang for Outlook?
Read song name into earphones
Best Choices for Application Lifecycle Management
Looking for a free online gallery that supports GIF, PNG, MP4 and JPG
Software for drawing network diagrams
Compare MSI files
Create video+audio frames for broadcasting over RTMP? Linux+Python preferably
Open-source IoT platformfor telemetry collection
Directory-based music player for OS X
Task Scheduling\Cron Jobs running Server
Prevent Windows from shutting down or rebooting
Terminal-based VoIP over LAN on Linux
Plot simple vectors, that go from the origin of the plane to a given point, in a 3d space
Spherical Travelling Salesman: Java library
Travelling Salesman: Java library
How do I backup and restore C drive in WIndows-10, from Linux?
CAD vector graphic editor
http file uploader for Windows
Creating an ER model automaticly from existing Postgres DB
3rd Party Google Drive app that logs into and syncs multiple accounts. (windows)
Aggregating http requests with forwarding (http buffer service)
Measure One Way Delay?
All-in-one business solution, payments, emails, CRM
Code coverage tool for CuTest
ruby on rails back-end taxi booking app
Is there a Vuetify equivalent for React?
Torrent video streaming app that supports subtittles
Multi user screen share solution
Python minimum required version code check tool
Which is the most recommended Pretty-print tables module in python?
2d city builder for gnu/linux?
Antivirus for Linux machines
Music player server that works with pulseaudio out of the box
Offline map-based survey app for iOS?
Android App for C Programming
GUI app to cut audio without (or with mininal) recoding
Web-based stock/project manager
Windows software that plays video as webcam footage
multiple Json to excel and vice versa
Which DB should I use in my case?
Free screen recorder with no watermark/limit
Minimal Android app that sets media volume to zero
How to verify XAdES signature of a document?
Is there a GIS system that can be adapted for use with a warehouse or factory?
Software to Measure the Size of a Software Project
Weather radar for desktop
Software for solving engineering mechanics problem
Any Good IDEs out there?
No-nonsense iOS camera app that allows varying picture filesize (width/height)
Software to magnify an application
Software to schedule copying of files
How to convert dicom, mhd, or nhdr to Openvdb?
API that provides curated and geo-targeted images
Record my camera (and voice) and my screen side by side
Pack files with preserving file creation time in Windows?
Block pornography directly on network router
Crop and merge PDF files
Download multiple images at once (with ID from 1 to x in the URL)
Windows software that allows screenshot, crop and share to be done in few clicks
AR development Library in Android
Linux screen recording software that allows typing text at the bottom
simple to use ruby gem with date & time event calendar with month view
Machine learning for traffic sign recognition
Linux and/or Windows application like Mac Preview
Program to create and "embed" subtitles to a movie
Calculate net salary given the gross salary in different countries
Multi bin packing
Mail client with read/accesslock for mails
Tools for analysis of transportation in maps
Browser hijack protection for Firefox (BrowserProtect is dead)
Android lockscreen that shows time as hh:mm:ss
Server admin panel
App to coordinate timetables
Single file based graph database
Which .NET obfuscator to use for obfuscating the code with same results each time?
Framework for large(r) C#-Applications
Linux clipboard manager allowing to ignore selected programs
Password manager needed for both MS windows and Chrome book
Assign a sound to each key / key combination
Android file manager with custom bookmarks
Recommendations for creating wallboard-type displays using MSSQL data sources
Displaying multiple .img maps at once in Android Marshmallow
Getting statistics for my hikes (duration, length, elevation, etc.), preferably for free
Which software can I use to browse a MSSQL database?
See if *external* software list is up-to-date
Is there a Chrome/Firefox extension that can edit response body from a POST
Drupal 8 lightbox module with pagination that includes all images (from different image fields)
Android Apps to Duplicate Computer Display
Track Vendor Communications
Which Git GUI software provides side-by-side split view for comparing files?
sheet metal cutting measurements for ducts
Integrable Business Intelligence
Is there a service to upload images and metadata to?
Best setup to follow an old book on assembly programming?
A tool for collaborative calendar editing with ics feeds export and recurring events?
API to parse log files
How to convert PDF to PSD with layers
Cost-free alternative to slack where channels can be set as "open"
Linux desktop with stacking tabs
C# library that validates XML with Schema 1.1?
Music play count tracker
Is there any way to merge/combine a video transcription text file and video/audio file to output a timed srt file?
Is IceHrmPro opensource
What should I do to improve the quality of the screen capture?
Marking comments and annotations on top of a PDF
I want to delete files off my Mac, but keep them on my backup. What software should I use?
WinSCP alternative with theme support?
Automatic photo classification for desktop
Free and open-source Google Maps replacement?
Doxygen in C: check format/style
Are there any instant messaging apps that support Markdown and LaTex?
Is there any pdf reader for Linux that supports layers?
Library for sending email from any address (with SMTP)
Software to use keyboard as a mouse
Computer Game/Software that Makes Memorizing Fun
Application for managing daily routine
Cron Server with Config in DB (Django)
Web application to store and query customizable data objects
Level, and center, scanned text documents
Software for recording university lectures on Linux, similar to Sonocent Audio Note Taker
Java tool/software which has the Auto-Complete after indexing folders and files?
Program to bulk handle files with invalid filenames in Windows
What are the best markup conversion libraries for Python 3?
C++ code representation for automatic design patterns detection
Android honeypot client for mobile malware
Hosted Python code coverage which is cost-free for FOSS projects?
C# framework or library with UI to work with databases
Which authentication server to use on company for Single Sign-On (SSO)?
Commercial OSM Overpass server
Backup software with caching until target available
A GUI program to identify file types and fix extensions accordingly
Could I use Amazon Rekognition to uniquely identify animals?
Using Microsoft Excel as user interface for a windows form application
Software to create a portal in PHP
FlashCards for Android and Web
Looking for a Cloud storage solution with friendly terms of service
Mirror Application from Windows to TV?
Freeware website monitoring and alert tool
Capture entire webpage as a screenshot
Inventory Management system for managing equipments
Keystone correction
Replacement for jxDBCon?
Java library for multi-media and graphics
How can I convert HTML with CSS to PDF?
Checklist with workflow and timer
software that searches from a word the context of the conversation in a video with the subtitle .srt?
Need help finding a specific directory printing program
Network monitoring tool- open source
Behavioral modification software to improve discipline
Test framework for web views that depend on JS rendering?
What JVM is free for commercial use on servers with Java 8 web application?
Diagram software (for drawing spirals, circles - not charts) for Windows
2d Barcode reader & writer for Windows and Android
Online tool to graph functions in c-like languages
Cross platform framework for mobile dev (with notification and background service)
Where can I find a GUI tool to duplicate files across a system as they change?
Mount Google Drive as FTP, Web-Share, or with free third-party applications
Looking for free tool that works as notebook for programmers
Web player which plays RealMedia files
Free SSL certificate providers
Chat application for one-on-one chat in PHP
Free alternative to Cisco's Virtual Internet Routing Lab (VIRL)
Web app that can post on both Facebook pages and WordPress.com blog?
android extreme battery saver
IDE for HTML5 (html, css, js) development?
Is there a good alternative to gimp?
Open source alternative to Moodle CodeRunner?
Semantic Tagging and analysis or extraction of text (Windows/OS X)
Plugin to remove trailing whitespace before save
Manage MS Powerpoint slides
Gratis drag & drop web page designer which generates only one HTML and one CSS file
Software for making lighting notes on a script
View .crc code un-jumbled
replacement for Microsoft ExpressionWeb 4
iOS app to scan and recognize receipts
InputStream that spools to disk asynchronously
JavaScript library to embed MS Word & PDF into HTML - cross site
Are there any compilers/transpilers that have dead-code elimination?
How to emulate the newest Opera Mini on Windows 10?
Mermaid diagrams and flow charts as a service
Brace matching highlight as outline for Visual Studio
C# library for 3D math (rotation)
Panoramic stills with 6 cubemapped images
Free browser based collaboration software
In centos-7, are there any reformatters for Python language?
Ethernet port configuration utility?
Android apps and Websites to learn Java and C
Software for performing a reverse search - matching a body of text to a known phrase
Is there a JS /PHP (not Node.js related) library to support blogging?
Something like Google Trends for scientific papers?
iPhone app for random song play
Recording and visualizing timestamps
Open Source C/C++ Browser with Javascript und SSL/TLS support
How to do the redundancy of two servers that have firebird database and an ethernet communication application with 100 clients
File copy software with graphical UI that allows automatically skips files that can't be read
Looking for an adware removal tool
Formatter tool to be called during a Mercurial commit from IntelliJ
GUI (Windows) for portable Git for a beginner
Alternative app to GoodNotes for Windows 10
Licensing Module
Text-to-speech: prosody transfer
Google Chrome browser notification history
Library to parse and analyse source code
A time tracking Android app with timers integrable with Tasker to log Windows tasks?
Wizardry 8 saved game editor/trainer/cheat engine
Software for monitoring computers and their details on a daily basis
API Testing Tool
Creating and administering many virtual machines locally
Compose email in Gmail and edit HTML: is there a browser addon for this?
Application to know where certain piece of data in webpage came from
What software did Elon Musk use for the SpaceX presentation
USB camera software
How to convert stanza based data to row based?
Personal project management
Sync files between desktop and laptop for free
Distributed filesystem with bit rot protection, erasure coding, scalability, fuse
Client training scheduler
Any free open-source alterantive to Tibco Rendezvous for C#? (inter-process message bus)
Signature collection
RGBA to hex color converter
Backup software with a boot manager
Scheduling Jobs - Software Development
Tool to publish static website using FTP
Program that sorts lines in a text file by number of occurences
Travel-oriented map program or app built around advanced queries and relevant data
Alternative to Google Hangouts for making free VoIP calls?
CSS grid library that does not conflict with existing code
A reproducible pseudo-random library for C++
Plot colored map from geographic data
Best PDF Compression/Split PDF/Combine PDF/optimise PDF library?
Animation tool for basic demonstration
Choosing a Front End Framework for my ASP.NET CORE 2.0 social app
SDK that would support a tablet-friendly, web-based, e-Reader-style text reading product with DRM and reading stats
Alarm Clock with song or playlist & no repeat
How can I visualize zip codes in Germany?
Tool to tell me the optimal number of threads
Forecasting for time series forecasting
Which CSS framework is compatible with AMP?
Automatically reconnect Wi-Fi connection and captive portal
Is there any free password manager that supports fingerprint reader?
Chrome extension to disable bait-and-switch
Downloading an HTML page on Android
Recommendation for a SQL server development and management tool
Linux font viewer
Beginner questions about FTP clients
Dashboard-like software for software applications?
capacity management tool
Firefox auto form filler extension
Pure Python implementation of OpenSSL to sign files using key
Testing Client/Server app in C++
QR Code Reading App for Android 7.0
How to add string labels to horizontal bar in Charts framework
How to randomly rotate file names between them
Self hosted Git server to be run on linux
Css for Javafx application in IntelliJ for free
Recovering files from ISO file on Ubuntu 16
PIM, or CRM, or product manager for purchasing rather than sales?
Send faxes to a French fax number free of charge
Simulate physics for multiple points movement in 3D
Android application for analyzing apks
tools for Designing a packet filtering system for ipv6
Solution to search browser-URL-history first before the rest of the WWW
Android video calling app with specific features
Printing images to scale (on multiple pages?)
E-signature api that doesn't require uploading documents
Text Editor control for Javascript and CSS
Which Software Solution should I Use to employ predictive analytics (as a newbie)?
GitHub->JRA connector/integration
Business Intelligence integration in .NET MVC project
Debian - limiting access for admin users
Report generating tool for Microsoft Word (team-based)
I need a software that will help me to create an diagram of a structure of my application
App that broadcasts interests to those nearby
looking for you tube video downloder app
Web app for trying out C# code snippets running on Linux with Mono?
Alternative to WebGL to render 3D in a plain HTML5 canvas?
CD Bible Generator Software (not religious)
Open Source OCR to Excel/csv file convert
Developing firewall rules for an application
CRM for Mac that brings up records automatically when my iPhone rings
macOS application for showing external HDD usage?
App to tell me what to make for dinner every day
Free/OpenSource Antivirus Software for Windows 10 PC
Free MongoDB storage engine
Dual pane image browser and manager
Autocomplete for ARM GCC Specific Libraries
Any light software to view doc, docx and ppt with easy on Win10?
Software to read a PDF aloud on Windows 10
Software for creating artificial Google maps-like maps
A standalone SVG editor?
Fixed point library that represent number with more than 128 digits for c++
web browser extension: halt all *further* javascript execution
Software or process that allows me to view a HTML file in a browser on my iphone when in development
Need "One-Way" File Sharing Software/SaaS/PaaS
how to work on word and excel from different machines?
3D diagramming tool
Is there any off the shelf system for renting and charging?
Looking for free Bluray media player application alternative to VLC for Windows 10
Open source tool to create EPUB files
Editor support for ndjson (aka JSON Lines, JSON Streaming)
Framework for a PHP admin page and forms, with existing database
A Java library for language-independent source code analysis
Are there programs for drawing diagrams for systems/devices but not circuits?
Open source issue/bug tracker with image copy/paste functionality needed
Are there any frameworks for DDD?
Share Calendar and Contacts
Rapid 3D Spatial Modeling and Data Analysis
Libraries to recognize humans on photos/videos?
Unblocked Browser
Node.js user management framework?
Tuning app for Android
Rapid PHP application development?
Any text analytics that are particularly useful/user friendly for literary analysis?
GUI Library for making a tool to quickly label images and videos on pixel level
Software to manage inventory/assets, allow rental/quote generator, workflow for event planning
Open source smart extract
Android app to to block international calls from a particular country
Translator software
Reading/browsing tree files generated by windows
JavaFX Markdown Renderer
Simple expense/income tracking Android app
Online data storage solution for large files
YouTube editor - free Windows desktop replacement
Want to edit some PDF for my kids worksheets
Gratis, Linux tool to convert PDF "documents" into ODT documents
Is there a real-time (streaming) machine transcription service that allows for scripts to be put in as training material for the speech recognizer?
Cross-platform arbitrary code execution tool for research
editor for .vcf (contact list in vcard format) files (Linux)
android app for long audio files that saves playback position
Generate Certificate (award)
Text editor with categories and expand/collapse for Windows
Python library for creating movies from frames
Text file (log) viewer GUI with interactive coloring of multiple search patterns?
Alternative to Privacy Badger for Seamonkey?
Software to randomly pick from a list of items
BI engine with REST API to retrieve data
Simple feed icon for Firefox
What archtecture/framework can be used to build a machine learning web app?
Which simple data storage option for large amount of non-relational data
PDF error diagnostics
Easy to use, powerful wiki
Email client which does not download copies of emails to my local machine
2d game engines that support reading external resources
Single host Windows and MacOS software inventory / asset management software
Open source and free Windows SSH server
Software to create animated SVG with movement along path
Test which ports are open for outbound connection
Third-party authentification library for the MEAN stack
SMART monitoring apps recommendations, and can Windows 10 monitor it on its own?
Add a paying plan to my website
Perforce Code Review Integration for Visual Studio
KPI trackers for a mean-stack website
Machine learning in Java
Command-line tool to analyze devices in pre-captured wifi traffic
Visualize tagged images on Windows
Android app to tell callers who withhold their number that I won't take their call, and why
FindBugs suppression editing tool
Is there a content-filtering tool for native apps?
Email Client with Excel-Like Interface
Is there any app to save all my health data?
Web-based note taking software
Flat Design & feature-rich office suite
Android app for browsing DLNA pictures
Linux GUI for performaing user administration (web or ssh based)
Group many live web snippets and view/refresh all in one window
How to create a library with visual elements for drag&drop to another scene/window?
Seeking application to create offline timelines
Free software to convert MTS file to MP4
Financial tracker with simple but uncommon features
What database-like technologies can join a table against a large set of query keys from a network stream?
free software to remove background noise(Nosie of horns, other public disturbances) from video i shot
Getting the position and dimension of a rectangle selection in a browser
Web app for music identification which can be used on PC
What tool should I use to find and move a large number of pictures in a bunch of folders on a hard drive?
A host your own, open source dashboard
Paving / Advancing Front Quad Mesh Algorithm Implementation in C# Code or Unity Importable Library
A server side node module for logging user device types
Hosting workshops with all participants sharing screens
Cryptocurrency miner in JavaScript (alternative to CoinHive)
Looking for a PHP library to provide end-users with advanced queries
Searchable multiple PDFs on website
Boot a clean Windows image on disk at every restart without CD/DVD/USB
IDE for ASP.NET Core development on Linux
Food ordering system for restaurants
Privacy friendly QR code app
Equalizer for system volume in Windows 10
Mature C++ interpreter on macOS
Software or web app to find the source of an animated GIF
Any "lighter" PHP mail alternatives to PHPMailer or Swift Mailer
Build iOS app directly from iPhone
Copy/paste clipboard software with a special feature
Adobe Lightroom Classic alternatives for Windows
Offline C IDE with custom inputs
Multi-user data editing software (think Excel/Access) with chart support?
Is there a Java Shunting Yard Framework?
In browser XMPP OTR client
Upgrading from MS Access
Is there a TUI OSK for linux or node.js?
Database and Spreadsheet combination
Alternative adobe pdf command line print
Library which provides iterate_months(start_date, end_date) method
Web app for reviews of proposals imported from CSV
Collection Management Program
Cloud enterprise password manager
Simple test case management tool with test execution details
Open source Erp
A DSP library(C++) capable of real time processing, Drc and normalisation.
Is there a Chrome extension that would allow me to re-focus a tab when I click on a link that is still open?
Windows 10 alarm with option to silence / dismiss after specified time
Internal communications app/framework for alerting demographics of people within organization of IT related issues
Well-supported Mac mail client that closely approximates Gmail web interface?
Text classification app
Implementing reports in ASP.NET MVC project
"Mendeley for electronic literature"
Point label positioning library for Java development
iOS app for simple battery statistics
Differential compression software
An interactive desktop app with Java (free GIS tools, api, bib, )
A text editor which allows texts to be filed under keywords?
Web App front end for Excel (or similar spreadsheet muscle)
Lighweight drop-in replacement for valgrind
Android sound file editing app with unlimited waveform editing zoom
Free / open source tool to flatten PDFs?
Easy to install/maintain web-based project management software
Eclipse plugin to warn about recursion
web/desktop application for sharing websites for showcase purposes
Software to build dashboards from MongoDB data
OCR Library (Python)
Enhancing windows explorer to view mkv-tags in details-panel
Taskbar pager for Windows 10's Virtual Desktop feature
Minimal, single file, 5 star rating system for PHP to inject into HTML
Binary search packages
Software used to create this diagram from a patent
Good-looking but simple-to-setup embedded analytics
Software for video trimming and/or mkv to mp4 converting without any quality loss
Linux Text editor with integrated diff
Service to build a dashboard for Firebase database
Groovy Eclipse plugin
Can I automate LibreJS testing?
JSON path graphical builder
Looking for a tool similar to iperf, but for network data corruption testing: sends continual chunks of random data + their checksums over a network
IOS rss reader with notification for items containing certain keywords
In search of an application to convert list of events into individual ICS files
Windows OS software for tagging moving files
Tool to generate beautiful PDF's from a list of data?
Is there a call-forwarding iOS app that works by schedule?
How can I have builds fail if new code is below coverage threshold?
YouTube video to text?
Adblocker that will only block invasive ads
Changing the preview image when sharing a news article on Facebook?
Messaging app with end-to-end encryption, usable in China
What is the best open source tool to parse text content from files to make it available for search?
Client for performing ElasticSearch requests
Relay for remote access to database on shared host
App for monitoring 3G network availability
Tool that records USB device attaches and detaches
RSS feed that uses native Windows 10 notifications?
Document that can't be shared
Collaborative grocery shopping list for iOS with recently removed
I need an easy relational database to catalog research data
Open source tool to do OCR
Open source tool to extract text from developer file types
Human-readable settings file format
Is there an app which can track sleep time automatically in the background?
Free Crash Reporting for Xamarin Forms ( UWP, Android, iOS)
VoIP Software for small business that allows numbers from other countries
Is there a consumer level handwriting synthesis engine?
Export/analyze Facebook messages
Local photo management software as good as Google Photos wanted
Software for back ups that fulfills the listed requirements
Software for doing math by hand
What tools exist for documenting and sharing processes?
View all private video thumbnails sorted by Recording Date on one page?
How to parse HTML files (portable library)?
Kanban tool selection
Alternative to Whereisit for Mac
Getting co-ordinates of marker in cemetery from satellite photograph
Is there a program in windows which can search menu items like Ubuntu Unity?
Tuning MySQL/MariaDB
Note-taking Software
Tools to save e-mails in MS SQL DB or be available via API for web application
App that decrypts and displays an AES-encrypted file
Debugger for C for linux
Software for making advanced custom fonts
JavaScript-free WordPress theme
Android TODO app that syncs with others
Looking for a tool to backup and replace file in multiple directories
CMS for managing multiple accounts + websites under one "roof"
C# library to read PPTX files
Static C++ Api coverage tool
An Android app for blocking any sms containing a word or tag
Flatfile CMS that allows multiple content blocks
Website front end for a custom database of company info that evolves over time (like ASPRunner & OpenXava)
Video recorder per process
Visual HTML 5 Editor and Development tool
task scheduler to be used for php programs?
Conversational agent product for email automation
Email-based helpdesk
Autotype Windows clipboard contents (password) into webpage that blocks Paste
Visual calendar for streaks and states
Cross platform chat program with local log?
Public chat for virtual coworking
Pipy - any resource (website/script etc) to find popularity metric for a user to identify a relevant package
Searching for a specific website designer
Free offline alternative to Toodledo for Windows
extract text from user's uploaded pdf and store it to database
PDF reader that saves sessions on macos
Offline iOS app that gives the full declensions of German nouns
Minimal C compiler for Windows 10
Alternatives for MySQL Workbench
System to control user accounts/emails/etc
Software inventory / asset management software
Open source mobile GIS data inspection software
What software can be used to make this cartoon-like graphic?
English etymology dictionary usable on Windows
What music id software can add track names to my songs?
What service can I use to send a test email every day?
Database Reporting Software - no SQL skills
Tool to remove system bars (status bar + bottom bar) from Android screenshots
What are the python worker processes doing?
Actively maintained Object Document Mapper (ODM) for Couchbase (alternative to Ottoman)
Trying to remember the name of a UML Diagramming Tool that saves its files as HTML/SVG
Controlled data entry software opensource
Where to create SQL databases online?
How to "save as" everything on a remote server directly?
Exporting Outlook Emails in Readable Format files
tool/library to store passwords for many accounts to be shared between team members
Wiki software that has page access control
Equivalent to NoScript for Firefox Quantum
Firefox add-on to delete cookies
C++/Qt libaries and tutorials for GIS programming
App for taking cropped pictures of pdf
Swagger User Interface without JSON/YAML
Android app to delete group of contacts at once
"textual UML" tool with XMI generation for domain modeling
Modern Mac clipboard archiver
The best Code Contracts alternative for VS 2017/2019 and .net core projects?
Self-hosted groupware recommandation for a 10-people team
Web-based online discussion tool (forum) that supports post from email
API to read, write and manipulate msword files
Which version control systems (VCS) allow overlaying mapping?
A web application for corporate team blog
SCCM-like for individuals
Tool to create a gamepad button mapping diagram?
Software for communicating through google chrome (or any browser)
Code review tools for Gitlab
Self hosted dropbox like software for sync Firebird DB files on Unix
Convert pen and paper math expressions into latex
Software to compare two images in diff size, to know if the small image exists in large image or not
Windows text editor that can encode URL for all the non-ASCII characters
File diff viewer visualizing historical data
Open-source Java-based scheduler with web user interface
Library for video streaming from TV card connected to satellite
Tool for COM (Component Object Model) developers
C++ Static tool to check if the object has been reset when released back into object pool
Add Drum Track to MP3
Machine Learning library in Java
Firefox/Safari addon to disable visual font differentiation of link text from normal text in browsers
Multiple tab rows for Firefox 57
Magisk/Xposed Module to have Android O like notifications (on Android N)?
Lightweight Linux text editor with JSON formatting
Questions on what to use for cross-platform development app (with Linux server) using C#
Integration of Email to Issue (GitLab)
WebP library for Java?
Code quality tool for JIRA
Firefox add-on that suspends inactive tabs, to use less memory
Faster alternative to Microsoft Access for simple ad-hoc queries
Automatic Coding Style Checker, Hungarian style, C++
Windows iOS Emulator that uses Apple App Store
Is there a word processor that I could use where if I hover over an image link, it will display the image within the word processor?
C++ ZIP library for both, 32 and 64 bit
Test environment management for a large landscape with 50+ with various architecture type
android: a text editor and NOTHING ELSE
Any C++ RegExp library with support full regexp in lookbehind
osx free epub3 creation software
Tool to convert indented text to work breakdown structure
A library for C# that compares colors from webcam feed
Best solution to display comics on a website
Non-Windows-based BI software that can be easily connected to MongoDB
What software of up to 20 $ / month to protect a PC and online accounts and activities?
Using GIS to store any type of file
Editor for Modelica Language with Syntax highlighting and Code completion?
Platform for building quick tools
Best token implementation for APIs from servers to servers
Command-line font information utility
What's the easiest secure way to encrypt a string with my own password on Linux?
Web Application for logging customers tasks/service
Pair Programming Screen Share/Control Tool for Mac
JavaScript library that easily customizes time period and interval in line charts
Identify PCI/PII data in log files
Is there a laptop tracking service like Prey which is open-source?
Looking for a open source user access dashboard
free tool to convert Outlook .pst files to Linux email (Maildir/MH/mbox)
Using shellinabox as a remote SSH client tool to connect to different portal
Gantt diagram generator from textual representation
GUI frontend to extract ar archives
A gamified productivity app for Android
Terminal emulator capable of selecting with keyboard only
Replacement for obselete OpenDNS Umbrella App on iPhone
Free online photo editor to resize photos and export to web format?
Random test data generator basis specific fields
Instant print screen
Free UML 2 tool which generates C and C++ code
OS media cataloguer with custom catagories
Software better than mindmap
Audio Processing Software That Pitch Shifts Based On Original Pitch
Command line tool for file and registry monitoring
Image improvement
Are there any third-party libraries to write your own rsyslog server?
Filter Instagram's notification spam
Graphic from a graphic in image format?
Is there any way to make an HTTP/2 request with Java 8, without installing ALPN?
Libraries or programs for solving puzzle games
reliable mp3 playback in python with documentation
Tab extract extension on Firefox
Simple folder encryption software
Mailchimp alternatives for non-marketing email
Help to learn words
How to map a modifier key + key to a single key? (example: Shift+M2 to E)
A way to view the largest directories
Closed loop stepper motor control software for 11 motors
Anti-theft against smart thieves
What viewers can display images in folders on a map like digiKam?
Searching for a C++ compile time spell checker
Gratis WebAssembly IDE
Modern alternative to Tranglos KeyNote
Embeded webserver and static html pages
Free Notes App for Windows 10 with note folders
Replacement for Yahoo Finance API
ink drawn mindmap
Read/Write parquet file with golang
What kind of software used to make uniform movements of objects beside pen writings?
Comprehensive secutiry solution
Web assembly data type conversion library
Extension for required reading time
Gratis IDE/editor for Graphviz
Link rating extension
Disable video autoplay/load on Chrome
Linux full-time online server, as sporadic workstation concerning safety
What is a good replacement for Visual Studio for developing Xamarin.Forms?
Generate an image of a database' scehma with FK-PK relations as arros
Spritz speed reading with Text-to-Speech (TTS)?
JSON to CSS table for Web
What kind of email services should one use for online accounts such as paypal, adsense, youtube?
the right pdf converter
Wiki software with image similarity search
Tool for scheduling Facebook messages
Realtime Database for China
Resource recommandations for teaching OOP via a practice-oriented example
Voice video and text chat, screen sharing, conference all in one tool?
Service that sends system information (and IP) periodically to central server
Free Mission Control-like Windows app
C, OS independent way to write uncompressed avi files
Operating system for Personal & Enterprise application for Hadoop
Word processor that can work with HTML?
What encryption software for long-term archival purposes (Linux + Cygwin & CLI)?
HTML designer for generating marketing e-mails
Random, truly memorable password generator
Splitting an audio file when the speaker pauses
IRC client that lets you group related channels
Delaying print job in Windows
Open source, modern PHP project management system with many themes
Note taking app with consolidated todo list
Freeware VirtualMachine software with snaphots feature
Topological Data Analysis Libraries for Python
RSS feed aggregator that can also read Twitter feeds?
Voice alteration/modification software (other than Audacity)
Non hierarchical mind map software
Photogrammetry software for defining polygons manually
Reminder for not getting an answer
Control Point finder for regular Images
Webpage archiver using http-requests/responses replay
Looking for new money app
Best program for automatic equation solving?
Grouping speech files by speaker
Java web app authentication framework similar to django-auth
Safe Android Emulator App for Windows
Vector drawing / CAD program with measurement uncertainties
Java library for boolean minimization
Merge delimited data files with KML files
PDF organizer with virtual hierarchy, fast viewer, highlighting, search
Free alternatives to Microsoft Publisher?
OSX/macOS version for a decent development/compile-farm machine
Regression testing for embedded software - Automation through Jenkins
Can anyone identify the software used to generate these illustrations?
jStatic simple HTTP server with ability to reload pages when files are changed
Open Source APS software (Advanced Planning and Scheduling systems)
Online project management tool that does not store personal information
Free multi location inventory solution
Manage advertisements on my website
Create collage from many images
Web photo gallery software
Boilerplate project for MERN stack?
Visual Studio-style window management for Windows in general?
A remedy for the lack of 1 finger scroll on recent laptops?
Free android app that can RECEIVE sms messages
Building a search index, and querying it from the command line
Alternative to gnome-screensot
PixelBlock alternative for Firefox?
Twitter app that doesn't require an account
Geographic map overview of work assignments
Maximum security web browser
PyCharm Edu vs PyCharm CE with EduTools Plugin
A video cropper for Windows 10
Use a phone as a mic
Alternative for Thunderbird for Linux
dump a mediawiki from external
What single-page application (SPA) frameworks can be used for deployment of a file system-based HTML Application (HTA)?
Lossless JPEG crop GUI for Linux
Need Dynamic S Box Library in Java
Why was Shazam removed from the Microsoft Store and is there an alternative?
Sound normalization program wanted
Actual implementation of JSR-353 (JSON)?
Suggestions for GUI of scientific application
Open source tool to draw GUI mockups
Software tool to assist me in documenting a file format
Lightweight Linux distribution for 3.2 GHz Intel Celeron with 2 GB RAM
Android app the send video over wifi to another phone
Program that reads a skewed photograph and extracts the words in the picture?
Media player on Linux
Java Image Dimension Detection
"Is my email read?" tracking not requiring permission "app wants to Read, send, delete, and manage your email" in Gmail
Tracking child's phone?
Simple persistent queue software usable with python
Peoples Dictionary?
App to view the 360 panorama pictures
open source large dbf file converter to csv
Java High Level Game Library Recommendation - Maintained Alternatives to Slick2D?
Realistic Web Connectivity and Bandwidth Testing
XMPP client that respects System Certificate Stores
Wii games for a child with motor impairment
Download manager that can cope with disconnects (Ubuntu 16.04)
RSS "collector" or proxy (client and server in one) tool
Digital asset management for Photography
Audio Player with True Variable Frequency Playback
thunderbird addon that searches for HTML in email
Flashgot alternative for Firefox quantum
ServerPilot for Django/Python applications?
Real-time SVG viewer
Java on 64-bit version of Firefox
Payment solutions for digital product (license code)?
plugin for firefox to highlight text
Alternative to Firefox and Chrome with an element inspector?
Create a "Lasershow" in form of video for a beamer
Measure and log speed of vehicles in a video
synchronized cloud storage that allows sync to be toggled ON/OFF at the subfolder level
GUI web browser to run in Xubuntu 14.04
online or offline topographic-type model creator program
Discreet recording with automatic upload for use in extreme situations
Is there any Tensorflow or common ANN guide for choosing right solution?
Free & libre software MIDI sequencer
Paraphrasing in Python
What software can I use to build a recommendation engine with data access via REST?
alternative for Serv-U in linux
Secure delete disks with Raspberry (delete station)
Library for pre OCR image processing framework/library
Free Publishing Software with layers
To do list app with sub tasks and progress bars (with web + Android version)
Collaborative itinerary Android+webapp, readable offline
Which cross platform GUI framework for python3.x is able to view real time chart?
Word reminder Application
How to fill in an Adobe document?
Java library to generate DDL
Cataloging CD/DVD/Blu-ray discs on Linux
Preview.app replacement that has rulers
Windows or Android software to measure internet latency
Drawing neural networks
Mapping software to find route using KML (or GPX) file with lots of paths
Phone app for software design, specifically the flow and general logic
Understanding computers better with assembly
Is there a very simple version control tool that only uses a diff-based change log for a text file?
Simple software to add/edit/view/remove image metadata (IPTC keywords)
Any eMail client for Android with good signatures (bottom text) management?
Is there a more Electrical-Engineering or Math focused version of/alternative to Minecraft?
PHP web software for displaying a collection
Blur text or face in Google Photos
Google Chrome extension to hide the LinkedIn feed
Tool to test SSL performance
What are my information organizing software options if I demand privacy and freedom as in free software
Library management system (ILS) for small community with mobile support
Java equivalent to Ruby's SecureRandom?
Universal Python database client (support mysql, pg, mongodb or something else with same query)
Help Desk Suite (or combo of software) - free/open source if possible
simple, fast, easy to use photo Croping software
FileZilla alternative with site manager search
PDF annotations across multiple systems
Cobol testing framework for gnu cobol on x86_64 machine?
Firefox Websocket inspection
Free invoicing software that tracks expenses
Service for hyperlinked notes with tree-list structure
Library for FFT interpolation from values at arbitrary points
Tool to work with interconnected text fragments
Web technology for isolated embedded industrial systems?
C++ application that stores the arrival time of ethernet frames
repeatedly save picture of previously defined region directly to file
A framework for financial modelling
Is there an alternative for active tools for formatting and creating partition?
Free Chess Mobile App with no move time restriction
Programming animations for mathematical formulas
Automatically wrap long lines in Python code
Portable application for viewing (not editing) .doc files created by Microsoft Word
How to access windows from MAC machine?
Software for System Reliability Analysis
Forum with daily/weekly digest
App to play the 360 panorama videos
Looking for a management tool for multiple raspberry pi's
Any tag driven multi-media manager?
Free MIDI player for Windows
Backup software which lets you easily switch between different versions of a file or directory
UML (or other modeling) tool which can create JavaScript, especially Node.js
Web-based asset manager
Is there any good userscript for stackoverflow text editor?
Greenhouse gas emission calculator
RDP (or alternative) with least latency
Free 2d floor planning software?
Free Software GIS mobile data collection software for Wildlife conservation?
WinForms grid that honors linefeeds in data displayed in a cell
Database modelling (ERM diagrams)
Music organizer that lets you listen and separate the songs you like from a huge dump
Which Software to take, when creating a database diagram
App to build a Virtual Box VDI virtual machine for Ubuntu
Android photo app to change photo background
Open Sketch files on Windows 10 and up
What free tool can I use to convert GIFs into JPGs with minimal loss?
Calendar + Tag Sortable Scheduling Software
Structured Log viewer
Indexed file search like Everything for Android wanted
Linux virtual machine for PHP/MySQL/JS Eclipse-based web development
Train to be a Texas Hold'em dealer
Is there any mail application that can synchronize accounts settings between several devices?
Merge ES6 modules
Uudeview cli in Windows  alternative?
Lightweight browser for Windows 7
Free/libre bookkeeping for freelancer in Germany
Debian apt-available software for dir+database immediate backups of a webserver webapps?
indentation-based outliner? (for windows XP)
A collaborative drawing app for Android and iOS
Good application for changing voice?
Free Windows Firewall Control Alternative
Is there any free recommended Tune-up utilities/softwares to Optimize your system?
Program to block certain keys
CMIS to SMB 3 gateway
Code Style enforcement tool (Bitbucket Cloud would be nice)
Diff tool for XML Schema file?
CRM, project management and dispatching SAAS
C# and Python libraries to generate PDF pages from HTML/CSS with headers/footers
Convert JSPWiki to XWiki
Captcha or other tool to check for human user
Draw 2D/3D shapes and vector arrows and view at different angles
Reduce Size of Images
Is there a way to import bilingual wordlists from wiktionary, omegawiki or wordnet online?
What is a tool to wireframe an app AND then generate HTML + CSS code afterwards
Background playback YouTube app for iOS
A .pdf categorization software to sort out the research papers and books
Downloader extension for Chrome or Firefox that limits speed of downloads?
What virtual desktop software can catch programs into their desktop?
Is there a multilingual dictionary which translate many words in the same time?
CPU profiling tools for Java?
Photo manager with tagging and metadata
Debian software to notify myself for system problems in my system and server
Math document containing some Sage calculations
Static site generator that supports URLs without trailing slash and file extension
Java PDF library
Professional level news platform
Tool for convert bitbucket and github tracked issues into PDFs
Notification manager for Windows 10 to prevent missed notifications and view history
Book cataloguing from commandline
Software to convert MHT (MHTML) files to browser- and platform-neutral single-file file format
Java Client for sending bitcoin transactions
QR scanner for making trade fair shopping lists
Good software to present beamer-generated pdf slide stack
Online Collaboration Tool
Download YouTube music as MP3
Securely mount a drive on another computer over the Internet
Free tool to share one windows application to android (no control)
Network-less "vault" tool
Convert Data structure to Mindmap
Best way to install popular apps on new installation of Windows?
Gratis for business use, portable, very basic, schedulable, backup program for Windows
IT inventory scanner
Newspaper Simulator / Fake News Generator
Web app similar to Google Hangouts with remote desktop control and no installation required
Chrome extension for uncollapsing all Reddit comments on the post page
Linux PDF reader that supports forms with formulas
Merge two Movie libraries - Software that will ignore duplicates but take higher quality of two files
C/C++ Static Analysis - Tool to show header used in statement or line
Glasswire Alternative for Linux? CLI or GUI
Tool to watch/observe documentation/source code for changes
Extension for Opera browser (or non-Firefox browser) to give Down Them All functionality
Personal Streaming Website
Time tracking web-app that calculates overtime hours
Easy tool to convert html5/js web app to native Android and iOS app?
Local "document management" solution
Online text chat that doesn't allow copy-pasting by guests
Software to Freeze Changes to a Windows PC
File-Level Encryption
How to convert to/from a CorelDraw .WI wavelet-compressed image file
Parental Control for Youtube Android
Gratis extremely simple to install bug tracker for Linux server
PHP script: Parse error: syntax error
PDF Repair Tool (Gratis)
Project configuration editor - alternatives to kconfig-frontends and cmake-gui
Need data entry management system
Which ecommerce would you recommend to use as a headless ecommerce
Machine code parser for Linux
User-friendly diff-capable windows-based backup software
Moniter data Usage for Specific WiFi Network (Windows 10)
Book downloader analogue of youtube-dl?
Utility to check for plagiarism in GitHub repositories
Server software to control clients
Is python `Scitools` still active, including `Easyviz`, or is there an alternative?
Is there an application for managing drives mapping on windows?
Clear Cache on exit Chrome
Tool to extract English nouns/names from a text
Japanese to English OCR & Translation
Android turn-by-turn navigation app with traffic that does not require Google Location Services
How to add syntax styling to Windows 10 Code Writer
Is there a simple, 2D, customizable-text, screensaver for Raspbian
Open-source code style checker/beautifier for Linux
Real alternative to 1Password standalone
Markdown editor that opens local files from relative links
Log analysis tool, shows a timeline of event frequency
Software for conversion of csv data to pretty pdf's
Gratis (or much cheaper) alternative to Add-in Express [develop MS Office add-ins in Delphi]
Software to popup a dialog box on Windows, initiated from Linux
A software or Web application to import a playlist text file to spotify?
IT management to generate report
An alternative to Mobiwol or any other way to block certain apps from accessing Internet
Any mobile food diary?
Free binary file editor that shows byte values in binary and/or decimal
App to detect Network Censorship, Surveillance etc
DNS configuration simulation?
Open source bitcoin desktop wallet for Windows
Clipboard Manager for Windows that allows one paste of all items in one fell swoop
Software specialization for actuarial and data science
GUI Website Builders for macOS?
Turning photos of diagrams into nice images on Mac
AnyDVD/RedFox Alternative - Decryptor not Ripper software
FOSS and selfhosted alternative to Endnote/Zotero
Photo management system for NAS
Tool to reduce the size of a PDF file
Self-hosted cloud storage with global selective sync
Application that tracks all locations
An application to learn English
Is there a simple text-editor, opening up a webserver from the command-line?
Textual authorship testing options?
Running Windows 10 on Mac. Parallels, Fusion or VirtualBox?
Alternative Windows NTFS check tool when CHKDSK doesn't finish?
GNU/Linux distribution that is small and fully free/libre
App/program that I can share pdf notes across android and windows?
RapidJSON alternative
Firefox plugin to block sites
lock app or software to lock computer on the network
Which are the best online services to run my big-data/machine-learning algorithms?
Do you know some good python script for getting bilingual dictionaries or translating multiple words from Glosbe?
Application to store structured project reference material
Software to open ~.PTS file
Simple video editing software for my stop motion projects
Linux word processor with good inline Word formula support
free software to predict shadows of a house (3D modeling + sunlight)
Tool which converts Python2.7 code to Python3 compatible code
1-1 User Chat APIs with Admin access (for mobile and web) (PHP/JS)
Wish a cleaner app for OSX
Sound identifier software
FAQ Troubleshooter creation software
Software linking social media accounts
Any prepopulated mailbox to test email clients?
Change current date and time for a specific application only
Browser extension that sends a full page capture of a website to Pinterest
Screen recorder for Windows 7 that does not require installation
where can I host my .flac(audio) files? cheaply
Drawing tool for shell scripts
Time card, job cost management software for engineering company
What are alternatives to saucelabs?
Tool for software documentation purpose
Open source GUI tool for data wrangling
Observing all outgoing/incoming network connections, sorted by process .exe
Android app to create and visualise price history database
Generating Control Flow Graph for c++ source files in Windows
Programmatic soundtrack composing
What app can help me selecting music from within a folder of tracks?
command line dictionary program supporting MDX files on Ubuntu
Background removal software with Red, Green selection algorithms
Web-browser which runs fully in memory, without writing down any temporary files
Make edges parallel
Android app that will survey me at specific or random intervals
Recommended language/environment for large scale semi-continuous biological models
Recreating my childhood neighbourhood in 3D?
Search engine for Schema.org structured data
Parental control software with URL-based blacklist and the ability to disable the internet activity monitoring
Screen recorder for Ubuntu 18.04 (Wayland)
Note Management Tool
Therapy Schedule Generator
Open source tool for managing social media accounts
Is there any firmware that is flipped left or right
Software to model electromagnetic field
Which server-side search technology to use for a multi-table string search?
Visual/partially-visual HTML editor which won't "do stuff behind your back"
Windows: searching for TrayTip (balloons messages) featured and scriptable tool
Toolchain to generate a complete Android app from just a few lines of code
Receive photos from customers who call our business phone, for verification purposes
Open source C# library to capture picture from web cam?
Monitor a Windows program and record which files it accesses
Simple secure standalone "offline" app to generate securely random passwords
Tool to create an image library
Extract XML file from a PDF/A
access to a document with some questions for a short amount of time
Video player that does on-the-fly 30-to-60fps interpolation?
Simple software for a download-by-link portal
Face Recognition and Comparison Software Using Old Photos
Project management software will integrate with Slack,Git, Jenkins and JetBrains (PHPStorm)
Software to track finances
C/C++ Library for HFS+ volumes
Software to find duplicate file *names*
Online course hosting
Android swipe keyboard with low memory (RAM) usage
Developer Website Design
Subversion client which shows history and branches graphically
How to increase the speed of a video to 1.05x without changing the frequency of the video sound?
Object-Oriented SQL Representation
How to force wrap icons like iPhone?
Online program for letting other people review your writing without hassle to them?
Software for testing chords?
Extract text from numerous PDF and Word files
Android Web Browser That Displays Forward Button
I'm looking for a help- and servicedesk (open source)
Site Conversion
linux/ubuntu os that follows Tails/Tor ideals
Simple online file-collecting platform
Unity3d equivalent of ACRA Android crash reporter library
Remove passers-by from picture, by taking the same picture several times
Tool that supports plausible deniability
What's a library/framework like Angular or Vue.js that gives me templating and abstractions over events, but is not an SPA?
pdf editor or tool for analyze, measure and comment for linux (if unavoidable windows with wine)
FTP backup software
Wiki app for asp.net and/or IIS 7.0
Software to merge template pdf to many pdf files using a batch file
Genetic algorithm framework coded in C++
A program to reduce package count and clutter on Debian 9?
Free .Net x86/x64 debugging library or tool for a custom C# IDE?
Linux pictures browser that hilights those with an EXIF location
RFC compliant TCP/IP socket library/implementation to be used over raw socket
Daily schedule planner
Need a Browser Based SSH Terminal Client -- WordPress Plugin?
Append text while user is editing without disturbing user interaction
Command line tool to export/import .fdf (PDF annotations)
Calendar with support for Todo/Tasks support
Free performance monitoring tools for local development for Java based web-applications
File system or tool with bidirectional remote syncing of a folder
Alternative Window Manager for Windows 10 OS
Software to convert very, very large html file to markdown
Speeding up different parts of a video based on how much activity is happening
Watermark large areas in a video based on color masking
Firefox add-on to indicate in which profile I'm currently on
PDF library to extract text and image in Xamarin (Android)
Software to combine multiple similar photos and choose the best parts from each
Program to set up Windows
FOSS Gratis Windows SSH client that allows saving passwords
Alternatives to Facebook in browser?
Java library for quarter-of-the-year and week-of-the-year?
List all files in a folder/drive as well as all sub-folders, recursively, hierarchically, and with folder/file size in Windows
A software to resize, add a frame, custom logo and exif info on photos (mac)
control flow graph generator from C code
Java Perceptual Hash
Table seating chart
Export WhatsApp group chat to PDF
Software to build networks visualization using relational tables
What's the best video compression library for Android?
Auto Repair Garage Manager
What to use to track work time? (Linux)
Compare two images, and return the rate of similarity (e.g., in %)
Linux command line software to query cryptocurrencies prices
Oauth provider compatible with Stack Exchange logins
What's a good, and easy to use, JSON c++ parser
A tool for stealthy recording screen videos
Is there a Java/ImageIO JBIG2 image writer?
Is Google's Developer Documentation tooling public?
