How best to record dialogue whilst walking using portable device
Game Sound Design - fast repeating guns
Teenage Voice "Cracking"
Want to Know about 5.1 sound system
Quick Question: Wireless Belt Packs and Receivers
Apps for using iPad as a video reference monitor
Foley project advice 
Headphones for working on noisy trains?
How does the voltage affect the operation of an electret capsule?
Are there tools to seamlessly loop sounds?
Tascam DR-40 & Shure SM58
Recording decent sound
comparison between MKH 60 , MKH 70 and KMR 82
Sending over stems from a DA88-is it worth investing?
Headphone amplifiers for studio
speed up work flow
Programming an Audio Unit that hosts another Audio Unit?
Sound design comission or fixed price.
Deliverable Quality Control - Talk to me.
I'm looking for Audio Drama suggestions that have a good mix of music and sound design.
Batch Processing Wave Plug-Ins
VHF or UHF Lapel Mic Systems
Client Monitoring and sound editing.
DIY Foley Stage / Pits
Which is better- boom micing or lapel micing
looping 8khz or 11.025khz samples
Foley/ambient recording on Nagra 4.2 
metadata applications
MixPre D (USB Audio Class compliant device) - Windows XP only shows outputs - no inputs!
Lamb Slaughter Recordings. . . 
Golden Mean/Flower of Life/Rule of Thirds and Sound
how would you create the sound of someone (in shoes) stepping through a puddle?
Vintage foley microphones
Using a trademark name
BBC - The Alchemists of Sound
stories of access
Templates for Sound Creation/Design
reverse eating sounds
Getting the funk guitar sound from Funkytown
I want to understand the science of sound.
Black Lion Audio Mods?
What advice do you have for creating the sound of a trolley motor?
iceberg crackling
BBQ Horror madness
contact mic in water?
Creating a car engine sound 
What's your favorite forum that combines the passions of Sound Design AND Music Composition?
Shadow creature sounds
Compression for really wide dynamic range?
plug in creation
tascam hd-p2 or tascam dr-680?
How do I stop using my 002R with PT10?
Cannon sound effects
Tagging audio regions or segments in a sound/music database
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 5: The "Singing Sword"
Offscreen laughter tracklaying in comedy show
Find The Samples In VST Instruments
hd-p2 with 32gb compact flash
Best Mic/Preamp for footstep recording
Protools8 - PT10
Why can cheap mics be eq to sound like expensive ones?
conforming audio
Female Sound Designer/Engineers/Editors????
Miking 2 actors in a stationary car.
How to convert 2 channel audio output into one 3.5mm jack 
Sennheiser G2 upgrade to G3?
What is the maximum sample rate/bit depth of the iPhone for recording?
Where shall I look for a job?
Using Sound Effect From A Movie - Otherwise Unavailable
Is it good or bad to be a specialist?
Beginners sound kit - 1k budget
How do you record loud sounds?
Dialogue Chain Differences: TV versus Film
How do you cut BGs across time shifts within the same space?
Studying Sound/Sound Design in the U.S. 
How do create a sound to express a soft, baritone-like pleasurable emotion?
Battlefield 3 Trailer Sound Design - Type of Synthesis
Defining the completion of your services in written terms/contract?
guitar wireless micing question
Working by yourself
EQing the reverb
Retro handheld game sound
Stereo Dialogue inside a car for TV Serie, mixing issue... 
What kind of sound libraries do you think is missing the most?
Pitch correction on pitch correction
Pro Tools 10 OMF Export
DSLR Mounted Mic for Sync Track.
48v Power supply for field mixer - Marenius MM-3100
Does an AT825 fit inside the Rode Blimp?
Pro Tools 10:Region Gain
Lite wind/air libraries
Final MIX - Movie Mastering Levels
Seamless looping on a media player / small ipod ?
Favorite Alien / Monster Vocalisations In Film 
Neumann KM 183 Stereo Pair
iPhone 5 Bit Depth & Sample Rate?
What is your favorite car sound?
Best Plane Crash scene in terms of Sound Design?
Whats your favorite Reverse Sound
Sound of an inter-dimensional portal ripping/blasting open? 
LFO sounds in nature
What kinds of adhesive tape are essential for a sound recordist and Why?
Borrowing a Fostex FR-2LE
Best online website for hunting used field recording gear
 Advanced Audio Restauration
Motorised fader
Cell phone ringtone midi instrument pop music
Recording in an underground parking lot
Interior room tone for exterior
What's the science behind acoustic dispersion?
Tips on making dry erase squeeks
First trailer re-design. Critiques?
XLR cables not a tight fit with SM57s
Mic choice for indoor dialogue
Reverbs for Urban Exteriors
Buying gear (yeah i know, we've been here before...) Or Sonosax SX-R4
Does it stay this fun?
House Lizard's SFX
stereo sound in a movie theater 
New York City Dialogue?
Where can I find the Apocalypse Now stem videos
HD Native Thunderbolt Box sold separately?
Is it viable to sell a custom sfx library of sources you didn't record?
Cartoony stretch sound
Dealing with Fillers
Firefly sound (stylized) 
Creature Sound Design - Griffin
Dropping a giant  rock (476ft.). Fake or not?
Dialogue Plugin Chain flexibilty and Bussing Preferences?
DVDs with Original Theatrical Mix for Reference?
Study sound design in Germany
Cleaning up noise from nature/ambience recordings?
Sound Logos: What's your favourite? 
Syncing rushes from location record into Pro Tools 10 workflow help
Suggestions for mastering a sound FX library?
Programming for video games
Recording Skating
Racing games: HOW?
Normalising Sound Libraries
Viability of sound fx library as income stream?
Converting 24Bit/96kHz FLAC
Airplane sound effect
Recording Heartbeats
Sound Effects Retail - Download Plugins
Sound Design course - London School Of Sound
Best Microphones for Recording Atmospheres
Sound editing - car misfueled, what sort of sound?
Best Polar Pattern and dB setting for VO?
Trying to build a cone for omni mics to make them directional
Inspiration for a newbie to sound design???
Dialogue Editing for Movie of the Week
Ropey old recordings of radio broadcasts about the Vietnam war?
Salt and your equipment/Fieldrecordings on the sea
Sound formats / Dolby technologies
lack of gain, Zoom H4n with Rode NGT2
Endangered Sounds: Which sounds will be gone in a few years?
Slow motion foley?
need mic recommendations for working in interiors with low ceilings
Self-promotion advice
The Best of Simple Ideas
2 questions re: Tascam DR-680 
Power of sound design in film / Favorite scenes
Low Budget Sound Design (Animal Sounds)
Voice over sibilance
Blimp windshield size
When cutting BG's..
[How To Question] Specific scrape sound
How to create a pneumatic wheel sound?
your thoughts about pricing a sound effects library for freelancers
Illiciting Negative Emotional Responses in Listeners
Tips for cutting bullet bys
Closest and quietest park/wooded area to NYC?
How do I keep sound levels consistent when editing?
Studying @ University... What Next?
Resume Formats for Sound Editors/Designers
Opinions re: modular mics and Neumann KM modular series
Anyone have any luck fixing/attenuating wireless hits?
FX REQUEST: Jamaican Walla + Stingers
Sync Problems when transferring a PT10 session to a PT9 session
Travel tools for freelance gigs
Your favorite sound effect in film. 
creating big creature jaws snapping?
Alternative to Soundcloud for academic use
Hurricane Sandy
Price for Music (commercial videos for web or TV)
English spoken in M&E BGs
Sound conveying emotions: what about surprise?
Split a wav file into regions based on other regions/files
How to mix music and dialogue...
What is the industry standard requirements for post production??
Suggestions for recording club speeches/talks
Give one sound the characteristics of another
Is avid going to be around much longer?
What audio editor are you using?
RM-11 mounting with COS-11
Presbycusis, do you take it in consideration when you are working?
Role of Sound Miner in FX library creation?
DPA 4060: Protecting microdot connectors during traveling in the bag (connected to xlr adapter)
Phasing between Boom and radio mics
Free lance audio book editor.
When you're mastering, does it matter whether you export your mixdown to a WAV/AIF file first?
Equipment and software recomendations for VO studio
Live field recordings or recreate by foley?
material for acoustic reflection?
looking for a mic that would pick up the low end sound of a gunshot. so far i have a  
When working with Post Production Audio, Do you Work With the Original Final Cut Project?
Canned Laughter SFX
zoom h4n problem 
Pencil mic windjammer recommendations
Recognise the sound of this glitch? (Pro Tools recording issue)
film producer sound mixing for first time by self, please help
Where can I buy some good doors?
choking.. client specific
Elements to make a rocket taking off sound
Quickening Your Workflow
Feedback on special gun set of sfx
Capturing audience reaction during a concert.
FMOD real time audio implementation 
Horses.. The right way??
Needing a 5.1 studio in London
cinema screening stereo problem
Problem with my demo reel
topic for presentation
Modern takes on film noir sound design? 
Leq (A) specifications
First Field Setup
What other skills should you have?
Sync problem via the HW in Protools 9LE
Is there a Mac tool for A/B comparison of two differently encoded sound files?
Big Rubber Tire sound 
Boat Creak Sound
How often do you record?
Pocket Sturdy Microphone
Conflicts from a sonic perspective
Creative Use Of BGs In Film
No love for the AKG Blue Line microphones?
PC laptop mp3 playback
DIY mics for field/fx recording?
Sound Library Usage for Freelancers
Isolation Transformer
Shuttle mode alternative in audio editor?
#RotationCreation
When and how to set the limiter while mixing film?
Sound devices MixPre-D
Sound Designing without picture lock?
Going out to record 'anvil' sounds...
Control Surface or V-Control Pro on iPad
What is everyone doing for contact mics?
Omnisphere......
What are the operating temperature limits of microphones?
Specific headphone requests?
Call me crazy...need help to change the world!
Sound effects for alucination
Generative Music
How do you make a scene sound/feel cold?
Extended Num Keypad.
Sync within a DAW
Good samplers for real-time manipulation
Film Sound Design Contracts
Metal stab sound
Designing a genius' thought process
Trautonium, Martenot Waves
Weirdest Use Of Sound
How do I go about designing this type of stingers?
Diesel truck library
Early Reflections?
Pro tools HD gear question
Randy Thom Interview Question.
What should I buy for a small documentary ?
5.1 DSS - Horror film genre Question
Pro Tools Error..
Outdoor Reverb/Delay?
Overall Sound Volume
osx audio player with selectable soundcard output?
Good dialogue Recording Software
Very difficult noisy dialogue, can it even be cleaned up?
Audio for Video Post Production..Practice Files/resource Files
Avid's Structure sampler - who's building their own multichannel patches?
Dirtying up an ADR track
The sound in Regal's RPX Theatre's
Understanding Loudness & Broadcast Standards
Mixing exterior backgrounds for interior scenes
Idea on how to randomly choose sounds from specified files
Glitchy sound effects
Using hum to find edit points - will it work with high quality recordings?
Zaxcom Deva V users
Zombies!                                                                                               . 
Holiday Deals everyone!
Industrial Laser sound
Re-syncing Sound to a Directors Cut
Noticing iconic SFX used in other movies...
System 5 vs. Icon vs. Neve DFC
Cartoon "thonk" or exaggerated suck
Any tips or thoughts on making fight scenes loud / mixing for The Internet?
Sound Design Blogs
impact of democratization of technology on audio companies/freelancers
Energy Shield Disturbance WHUMP
Guerilla Style Recording...
Suggestions for FX Libraries for Promos
Suggestions for production music for audio drama
Cell VO effect (Crysis 3 trailer)
Quiet Desert areas around Los Angeles to Record in
Fostex FR2 LE + Rode NTG2 quiet input
Field recording gain staging - Desirable input level and processing
audio book for subtractive synthesizing?
sound of flour monster
Rewire EZ VINYL/TAPE CONVERTER to protools
Sound Design courses, what should they teach?
Sounds for a Skeleton
Problem with my sound devices
Can you tell what's going on in this clip? Is it obvious?
Nice read about reverb
Conserving CPU in Pro Tools Without Bouncing > Importing.?
Basics of Location recording
What reverb plugins do you use?
Problem with duy z-room reverb in pro tools 10
Creating this sonically fantastic sound? 
Workflow with purchased sound effects library?
what were your best recordings of 2012?
KRK (or any other) nearfield recommendation for game audio
Looking For A Birds Of Prey Library
Game Sound Design/Audio - What should I study in order to advance to a paid job?
Want to buy a portable recorder for birthday tomorrow
Seeking Fostex FR2 LE case/bag/strap
Newbie trying to create a head crack
Lord of the Rings Sound Design
Protools9 running of macbook pro icore 7 problems
Suggestion on preamp, RME QuadMic 4 channel preamp?
How are dialog tracks treated for dramatic productions?
List of Games With Special Features on Audio (Not Music)
Online Sound Design Courses
Research Project
Charles Maynes plug-in matrix scheme in Nuendo
Euphonix/Avid Artist Control V2: Is it as good as it looks?
Cartoon spider feet -- Any ideas?
Sound design education vs "School of Audio Engineering"
Schoeps CMC6-u Mk41 or Schoeps CMIT 5u for FX recording
Contact mic recording a watch ticking with Arduino
creating sound fx via a software only-any suggestions?
Swinging of a blade
Remote recording in studios?
Free OSX Sound Database programs
I'm looking for some good books on using a vocoder
Rycote, baby ball gag or full modular system?
**URGENT** TV Broadcast, Mixing Levels, Commercials, Tech Specs
Sony PCM D50 vs Marantz Pmd661 (internalmics and optical options )
What happens when you scream out of your window in Sweden at 10 PM
Automator actions for adding spotlight comments to a batch from excel/text document?
Game Sound - conceptualizing?
Moving from mac to pc for post
Mic Handling Noises in Post Production?
Micro Peli Case
Best Sound in Horror/Thriller Films?
The 'Sonic' Planck
Nuendo Pitch Shift Plug-ins
PT 8 - pt 10 hardware
Internal drive on pc formatted for hfs
Need help with recognizing a sound source
help synthesizing cicadas
Sony PCM D50 vs PCM M10 ( internal mics)
Radio Mics Usable in Israel?
The difference between SD Cards and Compact flashcards
What else do I need to know besides pointing and clicking record?
Recording SFX in mono or stereo / Mic options?
Sample rate for FX question, 48k or 96k
Stethoscope mic
keeping audio in sync when they want to make more video edits
Printing Press Recordings.
What is that sound effect that they put in almost every movie/TV show now whenever the scene turns dangerous/menacing (an echo-ey metallic scraping sound, 2-4 secs long)?
Fostex FR-2 DC plug/connector
Video courses on sound design for film/tv ?
URGENT. Subtle air movements
Getting Tight & Crisp Sound
Your favourite sound design tricks
using soundminer on an AUX BUS for monitoring. 
Dialogue - what to listen for
Falcon Boom Poles - Any Thoughts?
Do you make your own impulse responses?
Software for creating digital sound fx (without any foley)
Dialog through slightly opened door/ Reverb?
Field recording with android phone and external preamp/help testing
Have any of you tried out SFX Machine Pro?
how to create the effect of someone talking over a microphone?
PROAIM BMP60 thoughts
Credits in the eyes of LA Studios coming from the low budget world.
Protools 9 mountain lion compatability
Cornell Ornothological Sound Library
Can you stop an elevator?
mix room alignment -32dbfs/85 db spl or -20dbfs/85 dbspl
normalizing dialogue, what approach
Pro Tools 9 Help : Film Sound
Low Dialog Recording
Am I too old for sound design?
How to make playing card noises sound more satisfying and full
Limited Spec Deliverables?
Where do you start, affected foley or synth?
Delay a live audio signal 30 sec or more
Building ambience 
Awkward Sound Recording Contracts
Logic not sync?
Computer Bleeps/Robot Sounds
headphones for sound design
Building a Sound Library (For fun & For a living)
Recording BIG Sounds
Foley techniques for fat hands!
tv show sound operations
Woosh or Whoosh?
An observation on "unreal" sounds
Computer in the next room
Sound Design in Anime
Suggestions for creating a rope unravelling sound effect
Which bit rate for location sound recording?
from  production to dolby digital, what workflow
Mid/Side with cardioid & omni
Can I use a Zoom
Dissertation Statement - Help me choose please! 
Getting the work, best way to cold call/approach production companies?
Analog vs Digital/digital vs analog audio
Indoor Mic Conundrum
Reaper for Sound to Picture
Please fill in my sound design survey (on animation)- you get 100 free flacs effects!
Sound Design Schools
Non obvious ProTools tricks?
Mixing bg's and amb
Waterproofing XLR connections?
University Sound Design Project. PLEASE HELP.
Podcast/Step by step turorials like those of after effects and Photoshop where you strip away the layers
Unveil, what are your experiences?
Pro Tools 10 bouncing regions/cips with fades?
Teaching dexterity in Pro Tools
New at Pro Tools, what is the best denoiser plug-in for dialogue?
Classic "Back To Reality" Effect
Poor Mans Sound Library 
Noise Reduction - Sound Proofing On Windows 
Russian Meteor Explosion
Use of LinkedIn for jobs and links
Prgressive House sound of bjornberg
I had to get an unrelated job. What can I do now?
Reaper Post Production
Assassins Creed Sound Design
Regarding Showreels/Demo's/Etc on SSD
How can someone embed emotional content to a desired sound design process ?
What are some curious, unusual, fun facts you know about sound? Needed for new audio puzzle game.
Learning to hear phase problems
post template for protools query
Emulate distance accurately
Is there a quick way to find "zero audio" regions in an audio mix ?
Discounting the simple things...
Portable Audio Recorder with Cycle Buffer Option?
Films with good/interesting surround mixes
Thoughts on Digital Performer?
After many channel strip demos
Haven't used soundflower in years
Sound design for Augmented Reality project + Royalty
Pro tools 8 Mic problem
DPA 4060s-ways of placing them during field recording
colour to sound
How to make a figure of 8 out of three cardioids
Which sounds in history would you like to have been able to record?
What do you value in life? / Do your values affect what you choose to work on?
books on mixing films?
Creating Sounds Coming From Floor Above Action?
Auditioning IRs more conveniently (Logic users especially)
Magical Sword lightings Help
How would you create footsteps from scratch using synthesis?
Double M/S System recomendations
Film that shows progress of sound design
Waves LoAir layering
Audio Management/Organization Software for Free.
What is the most invaluable advice, tip or trick you have learnt through Social Sound Design?
Should sound designers have a formal qualification in sound design?
Decibel levels of animals
How do you make YOUR Monster sounds?
Protools 10 trial
To vocode or to convolve, that be the question....
Light flicker sound
Picking Sennheiser MKH 8040 or 8050 in MS setup?
Synthesize a Tesla Coil ??
Noise Removal in Dialogue editing vs mixing
Filling out the foley tracks.
Really good modern fight scenes!
Underwater Convolution IRs?
What do you use for video file conversion?
Does anybody have a Tinnitus?
ProTools 10 Problem with Pencil Tool
Collaborative website of Field Recording
Binaural recording: monitoring with 'bone conduction'? 
What is the purpose of an FFT filter?
Career advice needed (recent graduate)
Lexicon LXP Bug in Ableton Live 8
Finding Props for sound
Which EQ is suitable? Alloy 2, Pro-Q, or other?
Which is more difficult to work with: linear or interactive media?
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 6: Jetsons Spaceship sound
New Electric Cars and Sounds.
What do you expect from the picture editor?
iPad Docks: Alesis iO Dock or Tascam iU2 
Recording CRT sound effects
Recording app with video playback / remote solution
LCR, DOWNMIX TO LR
protools 10 clip gain line and volume issue
Changing nearfield monitors + D/A
how do you manage a dialogue in a car
Mixing surround sound via optical cable
DIY Aquaphone material selection
Steam engine sound for fantasy vehicle
Master Faders, AUXs - 48 bit vs 24 bit in stem/mixing workflows
Mics for ambience recordings?
REQUEST: Modern day European dial tones and internal rings
"Stoker" - sound design moves background to foreground
Sending low tone frequencies through water
Field recording in 5.1
I know I'm way behind but .. is 10.7 stable for DAW ?
what mic are they using in this trailer/preview
Car Chase with old car
sound recorded directly on a DSLR, a lot of  problems with dialogue
open omf or template first
Sennheiser MKE1 into MixPre
Radio advert project
MONO TO STEREO, basic question  about foley recorded on mono dialogue track
Free Kontakt Wings Instrument
Research on independent / freelance sound designers
Anyone using Source-Connect?
Sidechained shifting Convolution?
Monster Sound Design
Jim Stout videos
 setting a session for dialogue editing (question about John Purcell book) 
How to create gun's whir sound?
lgith sensor arduino + max + instrument 
Getting Started
Hydrophone advice
Learning JavaScript with sound design techniques?
Politely telling a client that their film is terrible and you don't want to work on it?
Vocal sounds library suggestions
All-rounder hardware recommendations for sound design/synthesis
Best low noise mic pre?
Has your job / what you do ever been questioned?
how to apply a denoiser  on a noisy scene
Simple soft synth with a random sounds generator advice.
help me find out this "robot/inside helmet type of" voice processing 
An Experiment with Sine Waves and Water-
Do you have competitors?
Monitors used for Recording IRs for Small Objects. 
sound design, noise masking and brain health
Single Stereo Mic vs. Matched Pair for mono compatibility.
10.6.8 vs 10.7 in regards to pro audio
Owens Corning vs Cotton Batts
The importance of sound in a game or app production and how people look at it.
Recommended Sound Libraries - WW2 Vehicles and Weapons
Really good thunder claps
Experienced sound designer needed for evaluating uni project
New RØDE i16. Is it an april fool?
How do you measure the impact/effectiveness of sound design?
Which Sample Library was that? (Alternative sounds from conventional instruments)
Getting into the Sound Design Department of Disney Imagineering...?
What are you using for Website Creation?
The Art of Foley library
Pretty sick thing for monster vocalization, but I have a question
Scenes of helicopter
Will an external microphone make a tremendous difference in my work?
Comparing your sound design to other peoples'
Is there a foley directory where I can look up tips for making specific sounds?
Academic Papers
Max MSP ADC to trigger samples
Pro Tools 11 here already?
Fighting sound effects
Low end impacts/thuds
Audio length and video length don't match up?
Heavyocity evolve sound design
Using SQN into a H4n, issues!
rock wool absorption
48 FPS Video and Pro Tools
Awesome solution - Zoom H6 Handy Recorder !!!
EQ opinions for room shaping
Oblivion - Drone sound design...WOW
Patchbay Advice
Protocols 10 to Protools 9
Stereo sound design to surround mix
"Work For Hire" legal issues with sound design (specifically involving library sfx)
Tips on field recording set up
How to create the sound of old antique style recordings?
Gorillapod tripod for microphones
Zombie Voice How To?
How to set levels of camera to the mixer?
Differences between Interop DCP and SMPTE DCP
Mix levels for Facebook game interface sounds
Best SFX for hi tech futuristic environments?
Tips on analysing sound design on films?
ADPCM codec info, mac converter, etc
Student/Beginner Summer Projects
Best sounds to pitch down and time stretch?
Hardware for Sound design
Windows 8 tablet 'MIDI' Controller app? Home made Max/MSP control interface?
SFX General Libraries
The issue of Mentorship for entering the industry for the 1st time
How to make compressed audio loop without audible gap?
Saw SFX Question
Am I in the wrong? - mixing help!
what's the best way to present yourself as a Sound Designer for film?
Radio Mic Comparisons....
Balancing sounds for computer game. Please review my workflow.
Sound design in A Game of Thrones (and TV Series)
What to use for a decent popcorn sound
copyright issues with recording a broadcast from TV set for sound design
Modern Cell phone ringtones
Clipping in game's sound
Basic convolution of two sound files
DVD Mix Specifications
Mastering chain effects
Character Intro Sound
career in acoustics
How does a forest sound through a 6 year-olds ears?
is it possible to connect a zoom h1 to nagra 4.2 to digitze reels?
Sound spatialisation tool. Would this be useful?
Avantone CK-1 Mic noise problem
When do you record room tone on set?
Which tools can create a Star Trek / Iron Man computer voice effect from a normal voice?
Workflow: Keeping Track of Your Designs
Field Recordings on vinyl
I have pro tool 10
First big investment for my sound kit - microphone or recorder?
Impulse response and room tone
Best software to use for editing audiobooks?
How to preserve your hearing?
Sound perception slowed down in the morning?
Design for a handgun fired on a high altitude passenger jet
23.976fps vs 24fps nightmare
That modern FM / Granular synthesis sound ...?
Music Composition
ADR- Sound Outdoors?
I'm working on a short where there are three actors, all wearing VANS shoes. Would you use a different pair of vans for each actor?
Newbie on producing, needing some tips?
sennheiser mkh(80)20 spaced omni in blimp, anyone?
How do you get rid of the birds in your recordings?
Batch audio 'watermark' adding for OSX?
ProTools plugins which have MIDI 'learn' functionality.
Vocal Disguise Effect
Specific Interface Sound
gift ideas for an aspiring sound designer
Logic Pro - Remove Leftover Echo
Importing OMFs into Pro Tools; 2 mono tracks instead of one stereo
How to design lava/volcano sounds
Exporting clips in Pro Tools and sound card conversion
How to avoid pre-dubbing mistakes?
Waves S360 R360 Room Emulation
Some questions about car pass by techniques
Headphones for Mastering ?
Future-proof cross-comptability hard drive considerations
Good Videos on SD/Mixing.
any tips on creating tech based sounds like this
Focusrite Saffire Pro 40 query
Call for SFX ideas for 'The Guide To Sound Effects'
Tascam DR-100 carry case: PortaBrace AR-100, Petrol PS615 or a camera case?
BIG wave rise and crash sound
How to make iron man Sounds? :)
Recording Multiple Kinds Of Microphones In Reaper
Game sound design studies?
Camel Audio Alchemy
How to encode custom multitrack surround WAV in LogicPro9 or Reaper?
Man of Steel "Fate of your planet" trailer - high pitch whine?
Wide Frequency Response Microphones
Lining up numerous gunshots
Game Audio Mixing: Implementing/testing audio in builds?
Suggestions for gunshot libraries
Cecilia users ?
Sound Miner question
Voice over - looking for inspiration
A great stereo shotgun mic.
seeking biological sound library
Looking for feedback on an audio rework I made on Elder Scrolls Online -trailer
Tascam DR-40 and ntg2 mic noise hissss
Plugin for drop outs for radio futz?
sound device 302 three channel mixer
Your sound library recommendations 
Different Pro Tools errors - and what do they actually mean?
MKH 8040/30 m/s rig or MKH8040ST rig
Audio play for attraction
Can you run Altiverb7XL as anything but stereo in SoundMiner?
CLOTHES - how to mix Foley
Showreel Mixing Levels and General Portfolio Advice
Someone can explain this Whooshes tutorial?
How do you let your boom op monitor audio
Foliage recording/library recommendation?
So you use cedar noise reduction and it helps but then where to
Fastest way to manual sync Audio rushes in Pro Tools 10 *** without EDLs***?
A Huge Thank You
Footsteps in Game Audio
Has anyone used Protools 11 yet?
Sound Request- Baseball Bat hit
Where to Record in Greater Vancouver Area
Company Sound Logo Contracts/Licensing?
How do yo record gun-movement foley?
Panning gun ricochet sounds in surrounds.
What's a really good book to get deep into sound design??
Upgrading to PT 10 or stay on PT 9
Making recorded ambient/BG sounds more like they're coming through a wall/window effectively?
REQUEST: Japanese fountain / Shishi-odoshi
Treating dialogue recorded on a lav mic.
Presenter vocal mic low end problems
Can anyone think of any interesting ways of using Iannix?
Emu E6400 Ultra crosstalk/left and right channels bleeding into each other
Arabic Walla Recordings
Location recording in a warehouse, how to avoid reverb?
Television Mix...
EQ'ing for HRTF
Shotgun film mic suggestions
Looking for audio restore plug in
Making a sound bubbly
Sound for scenes where there is product placement
** Anyone else having trouble logging in to SSD? **
Creating Rock Creature Voice
Mixing - headphone translation?
Noise Reduction help - dealing with a fluctuating gain/noise floor
Your Ultimate Film Sound Collection
Sound Design in Martha Marcy May Marlene
sampling rate in .wav file
Client asking for AES Channels 1 & 2 render
Audio scrub app needed
Pro Tools 11: Pros and Cons
Help: What's my role/title?
Recording shouted dialogue
Impossible sounds
Buzz flange effect 
How to make this effect in Skrillex' song
Sampler in ProTools with Pitch Shift automation but no time correction
Handing Over Completed Audio after Post Production
How do you bounce back from a failure?
Ambiences with intelligible speech or not?
Portraying the past with sound.
Will a Bowers & Wilkins Zeppelin Air be adequate monitors for sound editing/mixing on a short film?
Interface/preamp/mic upgrade options
What to use for un-scripted, un-mic'd, ad-libbed dialogue?
When would you use DC Offset?
Live collaboration with client?
Cartoon sound "shaking about to burst" sound
Where do I Begin in Sound Design?
Recording Dialogue in a tunnel
Trustworthy Audio App Review Sites?
Why some old voice recordings in Anime has ~15.7KHz  sweep?
How Do I Progress in Sound?
Futz Gunshot Question
Summing Stereo to mono?
TL Spaces & IR Recording
Where to go from here? How to Progress?
If there was a Code of Professional Conduct or a Code of Ethics, what would it look like?
96 KHz EQ Plugin
will pt9 plugins work on pt10
How to design this bass drum?
who uses "replace audio clip" in protools 10?
Different sound quality through mixer output than in mixer.
Finding work abroad
Multi User Licenses
vocoder challenge
Mobile App Sound Design
Audio / sound masters course. Which to go for?
Recommendations for 5.1 Surround Headphones?
Sennheiser MKH-416 Recording
Site Security/SPAM Question
Would you rather Mix/Edit with decent headphones or cheap inexpensive monitors?
Car radio sound
Fostex FM3 Field Mixer
Animated Punching Sounds
Why do you hate being sound designer?
What is this noise?
Can you help make the biggest quality effects library ever?
Noob SCI-FI Sound Designer...
"Jumpy" horror film sounds/score
Anyone get the Zoom H6 yet?
Aux vs VCA in Pro Tools?
Projector Recommendations?
Voice-over Recordist correct Title?
Pro Tools to VCR to Pro Tools
flat rate Quote for indy video game
BBC Documentary Sound Design
Sound Design Creative Process - Inputs and Outputs
 When Bjork met Attenborough, Biophilia, and crazy home-made devices ! (?)
Is it me or are GRM tools really expensive?
foley sounds need advice
Urgent Issue - DC Offset?
Render Multiple Clips Simultaneously
Looking for DPA 5100 Case Suggestions
Attaching a lav mic to a boom
How do I conduct a audition/blindfold test of audio monitors ?
Boom Mic Operator Insurance
Field recorder advice (again)
Samples of a single storm building wanted
Tricks that help boom operators to memorize lines of dialogue 
How to get into business as a boom operator
location film boom mic rain
Choosing a mic for laptop viola recording
Sound Design & Foley thesis
Advice on Mixing and Mastering levels - Peaking/distortion when playing through DVD players? (non PC)
The sound of things freezing
Sound Walk implementation - anybody with any experience?  
Insect monster/creature type sounds
Not getting mugged!
Choosing the right gain at the right place for the right thing
FX Mixer Duties on a 2 man mix
Mixing: Technical Only???
Rock n Roll Band Recording
good portable recorder using an external pre
Multicore Mp3 encoder for OSX, is it available? Why not?
Neumann KM 184 ORTF Røde Blimp
I'm looking for WW1 weapon recordings
Any opinions of Telinga EM-23
Sound and Light Booth
Looking for right Car Park ambience...
Looking for a window (32 bit) software that will host a VST plugin.
What motivates you in your work?
BGs with no birds, bugs, or any other animals (make/fake/or break the bank)
Where find sound designer for game jam
Super Mario 3D Land Sound Design: techniques
Sampling frequency
Wireless Mic & Line Signals
Mastering Levels for Interactive Audio
Need help with frequencies in the UK
Which DAW should I use when editing ambience recordings?
KH 0300 or Reason
Where to go from here?
How many projects are you working on at once?
iZotope RX 2 audio engine specs
Low Budget Documentary Recording
Reverb On Mobile Game Sounds
MKH 8000 series
What type of mics for recording effects/foley?
Few questions about portable field recorders!
Audio SYNC question regarding a FPS conversion from 24 FPS to 25 FPS
Creating realistic reverb in a forest
Festivals that award sound for short movies
XLR connection for H4n is loose: Where/how to repair?
LCR field recording
How accurate are you at estimating time passing?
New Mac Pro architecture: Will audio software run well on this out the gate?
The Combination of Field Recordings and Music
What's the best advice you've received early on that's helped you in your career?
MKH8000 / MZF8000
Pro Tools, Windows/PC & Strange File Name Shortening
Help - cloth track(s) needed...
Recommended speakers for film sound?
What portable recorder do you use and why?
Manipulating sound files (remove "temple background" sound)
"PCM audio (channels 3 & 4 also)" Please help, what does this mean?
Most societally significant uses of sound (in a media context)?
Mixing with consumer headphone argument
Recording experiments at 192kHz: what to record?
Schoeps M/S: Mid Capsule MK41 or MK4?
Which sound design tool would you recommand for games soundtrack
Add harmonics, improve sound, sound morphing
Does work experience or a career in sound design affect employability to other fields?
Slow motion jump through Concrete wall
Disclosure - White noise lead
Foley Mic recomendations < 1500 Euro
sound quality when recording sound with google nexus 7
Amplifier Power Ratings
Secondary forms of revenue as a sound designer
Has anyone tried the AKG ULS series
Exporting sounds - is it done by processor alone?
Semantics of "sound" in "sound design/editing"
Most interesting industrial or environmental sound design (you've come across)?
Sound design software for Linux?
DPA 4060/61 alternative
Handheld recorder for a journalist?
Metadata question/ Netmix question
Best contact mics with Sony PCM d50
DPA Recording Techniques
Computer and Tech Sound Textures Inspiration
NTG-3 vs 416 mic
How to instal addictive key with cubase 5
Interesting Experimental Sound popular and ground breaking films
Shaping the transient on electronic kickdrums
Do you have recordings for cycling - eg - tour de France
3D Illusion Magic Show, Floating Lightbulbs
Best sound software to make sound by keyboard like piano [linux]?
Reaktor Help for the Class Assigment
How to spell "Sound Design" and "Sounddesigner" in German
help with sound design in a rectangular, tiled room with no accoustic padding
Amp for Focusrite 2i2 and Beyerdynamic DT 770 (250 ohms)
Zoom H4n parts?
How to design vocals like that? [chopped/pitched/reverb]
Aeroplane Noise Reduction
Have you ever worked on content in a language you don't understand?
Volume automation and noise reduction
Using condom over mic for underwater recording
Location Sound Sound Proofing
Credit/compensation to use design in sequel
PA for a long room
Car sfx library
Reference Levels for film mix
Behringer X32 digital feedback loop
Active noise control
Scenes with Great Gun Sounds
First Production Sound Job in the Industry
Frequency modulation in frequency domain
Gravity - Amazing Foley
Should I sell my D50 to buy the new Zoom H6?
Free art versus commercial art
Sound Devices USB pre / vs USB pre 2
how to build a delay synchronized to clock?
Recording in a Factory environment.
(SDL) Mixing 2 audio files with no noise or distortion
Production tracks or Foley?! Which one for which bits
Any multimedia player able to play movies backwards?
At least one of your delays must be synchronized to clock. ?? (pro tools Plugin)
EBU R 128 change Short Term LUFS with stable Integrated LUFS
Short film based on ambiences/background sounds/walla
Brutal synth drop
Small XLR connecotrs for ORTF setup
video game sound design demo reel
Removing Pernickety 'P's from vocals
What is so special about the U47 mic?
How to produce a reasonable recording with a limited number of microphones on a drum set?
Electrical engineering for sound designers
Which Plugin Bundles and Sound Libraries to start with?
Techniques for vocal to sound like tannoy announcement?
What causes the interference on this phone's 3.5mm?
How to improve the VOICE of a Villain.
Apple OSX Mavericks
Roland R-26 to use for sound design
Tips for Television Sound Design?
help me decide... (line audio cm3 users)
Is there a cheap(er) way of getting Pro Tools 11?
Exporting OMF on Premiere
Is there any way to convert sound to electricity?
Mixing a Feature Film, Organization?
What are techniques to remove non-voice sounds (not "noise") from vocals
Splicing voice: How do I blend words at a splice so they don't pop?
3D room map of noise from outside
Who is the king of the portable field recorders?
Active noise control barrier at tunnel openings in undergroundsubways
ADR Microphones, Pre-Amps, Compressors, Filters, Reverb
I need some information about vintage tube amplifiers
Vietnamese Children recordings
Best cheap basic analogue audio mixer?
Importing Digital Juice Sound FX IV metadata to Audiofinder
Drop in levels when bouncing through an aux track
DIY Christmas SFX - any ideas?
Who makes sample packs and why?
There are a lot of piano-keyboards, is there any violin-mouse?
How to send arbitrary MIDI messages to MIDI track using computer keyboard in Ableton Live?
How are tube amps constructed?
Stock sample / voice acting request. (Or help finding the appropriate place)
Audio G.A.N.G. - membership & benefits
How to create a Acid Synth Stab sound?
Equalizer for iPad?
Simple supersaw lead
Should I go to Vancouver Film School for Sound Design for Visual Media?
GUI sounds creation / game audio
Why I hear shrieks that have the same pitch as sample rate when the frequency of the signal is very small?
How to manipulate speed of playback music during live show?
Tuning samples in Kontakt 5
Cubase 7 Macros for exporting
Freefield/Anechoic Car Recordings
osx system audio through a plugin?
Osx Spectrum analyzer/metering standalone
How to create lush synth string sounds in Ableton Live?
room-tone sound library help
MP3-format - how the quality is affected
Focusrite VRM-Box
Behaviour of gears in freezing conditions
H4n panning issue in pro tools
Looking fo a Hummer H2 SFX Pack
MS Setup: microphone sensitivity MKH50 vs CM3
Gain knob on Sound Devices MixPre moving during recording
Freeware Audio Editors (Other than Audacity)
Why do my earbuds buzz when I pass the alarm gate in my library?
Creating sounds that take place in a wide, rock, canyon? How do I make this sound more authentic?
Olympus LS-100 or Sony PCM M10
Japanese Directors and films
Sword - Sound Design
Reference movies for mastering
How to adjust the repeat interval and duration for delay effect in Ableton Live?
If hi-fi speakers color sound and studio speakers are flat, why don't we mix to get the sound of the hi-fi speakers on neutral speakers?
I need a good plugin for Stereo to 5.1
Lost audio files - Making the most of onboard camera audio
A Recording Ethics Question/Survey
Mixing music and SFX for TV
Is a used AT835b worth it?
Surround sound ambience library
SD Cards for H4N
Chordal trancey stabs a la LMFAO in Ableton without resorting to presets
Narration voice
Is Sweet Sound Effects legit?
Simulating a location recording
What's the name/slang for off screen dialogue added in post for clarification purposes?
How do I name all these telemetrics sound effects?
Monitoring headphones
Good opportunity to add to your weapons library (Kickstarter closing in a few hours)
Digital Mixing Consoles
I have recorded a meeting on video but audio is over level and creaking what filter should I use to fix that and get the clean audio
Who is recording in 24/192kHz?
All-in-one CD-receiver vs. component receiver
HiFi components vs. all-in-one systems
Measuring low (~18 dB SPL) sound levels with a relatively cheap microphone
IL Harmor soundesign thread
How to make a sound of dragon roar?
A very good 2 tracks sound card?
micrphone for sound level measuring
What Technique do you use for Room Tone recording?
How do you reverse engineer a sound?
best sound-quality - MP3 or WMA
Need a new laptop to run Pro Tools 8 for around £600
Agencies for Unique sound recordings
Sound Frequency and Healing
Resources for video with only dialogue or a guide track
Ableton Live Time-stretching Hotkey
Production Sound + Foley
What is difference between parallel compression and dry/wet knob on compressor?
What are some good plug-ins or software for cleaning up audio
Difference in WAV files?
Where to find walla/ ambiences suitable for historical drama?
'Why' and 'When' should audio encoder's/decoder's be used?
Anyone know similar software like audiomotors?
creating an AC3 file
how can I get my sound design work to american companies?
Walla / Crowd Recording - Do I need signatures?
Infected Mushroom - heavyweight ( baby/cat crying lead sound recreation )
What do you call a rising sequence of short notes in a composition esp with strings?
Increasing loudness of sound effect
Delay issues while using iZotope RX3 for noise reduction and restoration
Best recordings of 2013
Supra-aural vs. Open-back headphones
What is the point of a frequency response higher than 20 Hz to 20 kHz?
Analog vs Digital metering
Over-sensitive ears
Left channel dropped on TA-5650
Surround Sound is Louder Playing FM Radio
The Hobbit Vocal Sound Design of Smaug
Hi Fi quality Bluetooth player
Mavericks and pro tools 9
Cutting in Foley/Feet via sound library vs recording
XLR Adapters for Telinga EM23
How do controllers fit into your design process?
A question about publishing a small library of russian ambiences/sounds
Personal sound library workflow
Logic Pro Environment: Panning Signal Processing
How to dampen the Sound on a car roof?
Desolation / Desert Ambiences
Creating Mech Sounds Similar to Gundam Wing
Is there a keyboard shortcut to scroll through matching field recorder channels?
Elaborate creature vocalization and efforts....Who mixes them? DX or FX side?
Neptunes Sound (Pharrell and Chad Hugo in the early 00s)
How do you fix an input device that simply doesn't work?
How to create a HUGE rumbly kick drum?
Figuring out EQ for sounds
Detuning multiple voice synth bass - good or bad idea
KONTAKT scripting - Tutorials & videos
What makes Sounds Funny?
Examples of characters defined through sound
Bassline Not Audible on Laptop Speakers
-20dBFS What it means for dialogue editing?
Harmless alternative to Fiberglass, Rockwool, ..., Bass absorbers!
lightning / thunder offset
Mixing sound design with heavy music?
Why do melodies sound empty/bad without context?
How can I make this sound (doesn't have to be exact
Eq automation 'write to' alternative for non-HD Pro Tools?
convert to mp3 or lower the samplingrate
How do you do waves "at sea"?
Sequencer's Reverb for Pro Tools
How can i make this Horror Voice?
Ableton's Push / Launchpad color choice
Stereo to mono Jack!
Where to begin studying synthesis of classical instruments?
Sound - for the purpose of creating vibrations
Zoom in 4CH mode and Firmware update 1.72
How can I search online for sounds according to their waveform (or spectral) shape?
Why do I see high frequency noise when generating single tone in Operator
How to make two different recordings sound the same?
Bag/Pouch for Zoom H6
Telinga EM23 vs Line Audio CM3 vs DPA 4060
Help me please with reverb in noise reduction
Appropriate background music for a webapp screencast
audio export settings for youtube using premiere elements
Can someone explain 'phase' and related terminology in audio production?
Waterproof microphone
How do I record songs straight from a vinyl record to a cassette tape?
Technical term for the visualization of an audio track?
Split audio into many files
What is this block diagram symbol?
How to record one or several celli?
Recording heavy metal guitars with almost zero budget
'Future-proof' Live Audio Capture & Broadcast
Researcher designing study for analyzing speech/movement during interpersonal interaction, need help with proper equipment and setup
What is the best drums midi recorder?
What microphone is used by sound engineers in foley?
How wide are critical bands?
Simple multi-track recording to a computer without tons of hiss?
Line-in recording w/ 2012 iMac possible?
How to learn about audio recording and production
Strange corruption in optical/toslink audio from PS3
Creating sound effects for beginners?
Keyboard CASIO CTK-5000 to PC Line In
Music/Voice/Notation editor
What kind of microphone is being used by talkshow hosts?
How to record from two PC microphones with one computer?
Connecting the iRig mic to a mixer or microphone input
How can I convert the AAC audio in an MP4 from CBR to VBR?
Is there a good amp to power a set 5.1 set of speakers for use with computer?
Synthetic sentence completion
Asio4All - couldn't get beneath 24 ms latency
How to choose a used Roland TR808?
How to render composition with audio in after effects?
Getting rid of a lisp
Pedals in Recording
Individual performing complete band performance (eg rock) by sequentially recording each instrument
My instruments sound muffled on consumer gear and radio, even though it sounds okay in the studio? What can I do to fix it and why is it like this?
Why do my vocal recordings sound thin and muffled?
Using a digital filter as a replacement for a wind screen.
What's the cheapest way to plug a guitar/bass to my computer?
Micing a kick drum with a large diaphragm condenser?
Getting started with Audio Production
Any plugins out there using GPGPU/CUDA/OpenCL for horsepower?
I have a mixer and would like to do simultaneous multi track recording. Do I need something else?
How does one call the y axis of a waveform?
Recording Audio | Samson R31S Microphone | Volume too low
How do I reproduce this echo effect?
What is the title for someone knowledgeable in all that is related to sound?
What to look for in microphone to capture sound in larger area?
Treating plosives on voiceovers
Can OS X audio preview loop or be replaced by a different playback system that supports looping?
What could be causing audible clicks in Tracktion 3 on Windows?
What is the difference between low-pass and high-cut filters?
There is static when I export video where there is none in editing (premiere pro)
specifics of clipping distortion perception
How do I fix USB Mic Static through a preamp?
Help identifying audio equipment
How can I get a basic transcription of an audio recording using voice recognition?
Max audio sample rates?
Audio interface to use with Korg KP3 and MIDI keyboard?
Sound Card Design: Why 96Khz/24bit?
Audio Mastering Book Recommendations
how to do mono to stereo conversion
Why is my PC microphone so quiet?
Carver amp/receiver speaker problem
Software for editing audio for video
What type of information can I get from the waveform and the spectrum of audio?
How should I compare headphones?
Is there a utility software to set a default sound output level for a number of MP3 tracks?
General (studio) headphones question; impedance, tonality, mixing
Best means for digital transport of audio
OpenSource audio cue editor / controller for live theater show?
Options for hobbyist audio-recording?
Voiceover workflow tips? (Specifcally, workflow and processing...)
Where can I find resources for self-learning of audio-video production concepts
How can I View Audio in Real Time?
Audio output from Mitsubishi HC4000 to speakers doesn't work
Where do the actual sounds come from in electronic music?
How to easily integrate a series of images in pdf with audio using Mac Os X
App for recording ASIO line in
Is it possible to set up a live multitrack recording rig with what I have?
want to find a program or other sources that can help me find subliminal recordings in my custom cd's
What format do WAV files need to have to be imported into the Korg D3200 Digital Recording Studio
How do monitor speakers not produce feedback?
Removal of voice from single track in audacity
Status of Dirac Video, Speex audio, FLAC as tracks inside OGG container
Does Youtube alter audio in any particular way?
Does setting "full-range speakers" duplicate the lower frequencies?
FLAC vs MP3 (Lossless vs Lossy)
Zoom H2, any way to balance the stereo?
How to record streaming audio?
Best way to record your own voice during a presentation
Audio effect: tune to a particular frequency
Help with Pro Tools recording issues
Recording gear for (small) children: Recommendations?
Which plugins does Wavelab 7 have (that Wavelab Elements doesn't have)?
Can I apply effects directly on my FireStudio Project?
Microphone recommendation for solo trombone recordings
How do I maximize the audio quality of a recorder?
Gear needed to support Ableton or other software
Vectorized audio? Does it exist? Its pros and cons? Which formats?
Changing a wav's file format
Problems with digital recording (is it the computer or the software?)
Connecting a microphone to a camera with a 25 foot cable - is it possible?
Help with mastering
Capturing Wedding Vows
Why does my NI Komplete Audio 6 have very low input volume?
How can I set PulseAudio to use convolution
How to cleanly punch piano?
Why are all my recordings fuzzy and quiet!?
Better Options than M-Audio Keystudio
Miking a djembe
Does Pro Tools (or any other DAW) have a feature like Logic's Quick Swipe Comping?
First steps to improve a laptop recording
Can anybody help me get rid of the static from my compressor?
What should I be looking for in a shotgun mic?
Equipment setup for recording a podcast
What's the difference between a vocoder and a harmonizer?
Control Synths with Voice
Remixes, Sampling and The Law
How do you remove white noise from recordings?
recording with Shure SM7B is surprisingly quiet
Wireless lapel mic (for use with Canon 7D) recommendations
Free batch converter/normalizer to/from CAF (Core Audio Format) file
Mixing and Recording a Telephone Conference Call
What options do I have for sharing a large audio project with several collaborators over the Internet?
How do I record music as a background for my voice
Camera mounted mic, off camera mic, or audio recorder?
Will I need a mic preamp for my Zoom H4N recorder?
How to get line-level record-out on Behringer X2442-usb?
What advantages does a combined mixer/interface have over an interface and DAW software?
Saving modified MIDI patch information within track data itself
Recording an instructor while filming him from a distance - Take II
What are the most common newbie recording mistakes?
Doubling a track
What to fix first, audio or video?
Why do my DAW's reverb presets sound artificial and metallic on certain recordings?
Are there free records of separate piano notes in .wav files for instance?
Test chamber for recording played sound
Why do I get noise in audacity when recording?
How far apart temporally can two sounds be heard while still sounding like they are playing at the same time?
Does correcting the speed of audio captured from vinyl at the wrong RPM degrade its quality?
What's the exact curve for natural audio fading?
What is the scale type called used on Tonematrix?
Garageband export volume issue
What is a stereo pair of samples called?
How do I mic an upright piano to get a nice stereo effect
How is compression different from normalization?
Ascending Hi Cut Filter?
Digital Performer - Copying Between Projects
How to remove noise/hissing sound while recording from a Dynamic Mic
What audio interfaces/mixers work well under Linux?
Can CSound or SuperCollider be used to make softsynths?
Recording with Ableton - good or bad idea?
What is the best setup under $10K?
Wait to unplug with phantom power
Modern rock bass drum recording techniques
How long is the lifetime of a audio jack?
What is "clipping" distortion? What causes it, and how to avoid it when recording audio?
Digital Kazoo Filter
How to de-rush voice audio recordings
Can sounds I can't hear be dectected and recorded?
Decode a-law stereo 8 -bit wav data to 16 bit lienear pcm data
How do below-freezing temperatures affect audio equipment?
What basic hardware should I get for a beginner at audio recording with low budget?
Is there a 'diff tool' for audio?
How do LPC encoders work
Improving audio quality of MIDI recording
Recording and processing backing vocals with only one singer
Zoom H2 recording levels are too low
How to hook up guitar to Mac Pro?
Is the third RCA connector for video?
Can I record a sound frequency I can't hear and play it back so I can hear it?
Digital Audio hardware hookup
How can I add mp3 audio to an mp4 video?
choosing gear and set up for recording live 16ch same time
What software exists to record into BWF on a Mac?
Cheap DIY solutions, like using egg cartons
How can I invert the amplification of two tracks?
After modifying the tempo of a recording I get a echo/ripple -- how do I remove that?
How can i download poor quality audio from youtube videos?
How to record several instruments with a Mac using minimal equipment
Setting up Mixer Help
What is Mastering?
What specifications should I look for in a budget microphone to be used for capturing clean, electric guitar?
Lowering Headphone Output to Fit Microphone Input
Highly Directional Close up Microphone
Balance Main Mix Between Multiple Speakers
Stream Windows audio over the network
sub-100 pound/dollar SPDIF/coaxial audio input into USB (mac lion and Win 7 64 compatible?)
What effects or alterations should I consider for clarity of audio in my video?
Courtroom microphones for electronic audio recording of proceedings?
What equipment do I need to mix and monitor my recordings?
How should I do Chromakey -video-editing?
How to extend wave in cooledit so it will be 5 sec long insted of 3
starting an effects rack, but not sure where to start or if needed
iPod Recording Quality
Are dialogues recorded separately while filming?
Is it better to use a DI unit or USB audio interface to connect guitar to PC?
An open source sound editor, but not Audacity?
Normalising volume across thousands of files
Easiest way to convert audio tape to mp3?
Acoustic Violin Pickup : Fishman V-200 - possible setups
What Do I Need to Compose/Create/Mix Music Fully Digitally?
How can I make my recording sound louder in Audacity?
Where to start in music creation (virtual DJ)?
Audio setup for webcast interview
Using stereo to re-create a stage effect, or to enhance the experience?
Merge audio and video in post-production
How to efficiently remove one audio channel in mpeg2 video?
VST - Frequency Compressor?
Why does my sample become "choppy" when I change its pitch?
KHz and bit depth in HD film and computer playback?
Mono vs Stereo connections
Converting voice into modem sounds
Audacity - cut without repositioning.
A few questions about beginning to record
Does having a long 3.5mm cable degrade audio quality?
What is the proper way to reduce audio sample rate and bit depth?
Tool for converting .VYF audio file
What equipment do I need to record the audio from my piano keyboard?
Isolate Voice and Reduce Ambient Sounds
Setting up side-chain compression in Sonar
Miking a grand piano
Software to emulate audio devices that can mux input and split output
Getting the kick drum to really come out in the mix?
Powering a DI box
Where to find free music
Not enough patches in my stage piano
Generating massive-sounding duplicated noises
Creating transition with badly matching bpm tunes
How to find the playing time (length) of a .acc audio file accurately
Line input to an iPhone or iPad?
Mixer / Power amp / Decibel Meter setup
What are some good audio software for Tascam US 2000 interface?
Recording Multi Channel Audio with Screen Capture
Beginners / Advance ebook and video toturial on sound engineer
MP3 Podcast Problems... mp3 file format?
sync audio to multi-part avchd
What's the difference between dynamic and condensor microphones?
GarageBand: Create Apple Loop from m4a recorded piano files?
Preserve embedded album art when converting from .flac to .ogg
search for most friendly software partner for my Voice Recorder
How to loop an engine sound so that it doesn't sound looped?
Creating audio file (mp3, wav, or wma) with one high frequnecy sound (20 kHz)
What type of plug-in is Fruity Loop's Gross Beat?
Clean up Lecture recordings
Where do electronic musicians get samples for remixing songs?
how to remove sound clipping in existing record
How can I record audio from another application into Adobe Audition 5.5 on a mac?
Headphones to block outside noise
Zoom H2 recordings with two different mic settings. How can I match them now?
How to get vocals from song using original song and remix using official vocals
M-Audio FastTrack Pro levels are very low
Weird Tempo Translation Between Digital Performer 7.24 and Reason 5
Where to get Beats with constant Temp
Recording microphone input as a second input with Fraps
Cubase is blocking audio for other audio application
FCP 7 swap in externally edited audio track
Vegas Pro: imported m2ts missing audio
How can I record piano on a laptop without high frequency wahwah?
How to judge preamp and A/D quality on a USB audio interface?
Cardboard boxes for room echo reduction?
Can I use my Focusrite Saffire 6 USB with a lav mic? (signal too low)
how can I make sounds of different frequencies appear subjectively equally loud?
Management: how to develop/deploy audio -material? Large -files, separated -files or some other solution?
Lavalier/lapel versus desktop mic for PC audio/video recording with Wirecast
static in my video sound
Sonar LE freezes when using MME (32-bit) driver mode
How do audio engineers (physically) treat rooms for studios?
How do I audio record a meeting with 10 people in a room 10ftx10ft
Are there any Audio Interfaces supporting USB 3.0? If not, why?
What are some disadvantages of audacity?
Record audio separatedly
Best software to record voice synchronously with a video (i.e Dubbing)?
Best setup for a portable studio?
Where I find tips for sound in videos?
How to record quality dialogues with DSLR?
Split speaker-level output
extract specific frequencies from audio
Do audio interfaces output sounds from my computer or only from the input devices?
Recording sound from another computer program
Licence of audio samples
When should I use a separate preamp or field mixer when recording from a mic?
Why does does my audio go out of sync every time I reencode either the audio or video stream?
How do I mic a violin?
Audio ducking in Premiere Pro
How can I encode audio with Nero AAC Encoder using Mac OS X?
3.5 mm vs RCA for home stereo (both unbalanced)
How can I mimic the audio synthesis layers from Kraftwerk's "Tour de France Etape 3"?
How can I get rid of the annoying background hum on a new Yeti Microphone
Is it possible to access multiple audio tracks in AVI file in Adobe Premier CS5.5?
Learning how to create, record, mix, and master audio
Audiotrack (for video) - workflow from Ableton Live to Adobe Premiere
Any tool to easily record audio from movies?
Dual sound cards in Mac OS X?
How to recognize deep from loud sounds?
How should I start recording my band?
Wireless mic problem: Amplitude sounds like it is "jittering" up and down by a few db
Apple Hardware have Digital Output - do I need to get a high end audio card?
Software like LiVES Video Editing for Windows 7
Looking for really, really simple, but good quality ASIO recording software
How to remove background television audio from a phone audio recording
What is the best order in which to record instruments?
Which equipments can i buy to record sounds of animals and birds?
Mixing Alnico and Ceramic on 1969 Fender Bassman
Record more than two external mics with Tascam DR-40 into separate tracks
creating glissando/portamento with piano roll editors
How can I make smooth audio transitions when editing a video?
How to create cue-sheet for long WAV file?
What's the minimum I need to make a (nice) recording of my guitar on my computer?
Final mix still quiet after maxing volume and compression
Mbox 1 as an audio interface into Live 8 intro is only causing a static hiss
Record a video without static noise
How would you go about restoring old voice recordings?
How do I record multiple mics to a computer without a mixer?
Are there any non-weighted key MIDI controllers out there with 76 - 88 keys?
How to eliminate guitar amp hum (software and hardware amps)
Does hardware DSP help with plugin processing?
How do I delete an edited sound from a video using audacity?
Text speech software for flash presentation
Downmix to audio 2.1
Input output devices listed as inactive in device set up (Cubase 5)
Windows based DAW control surface
When I load the track in garage band, I can hear it, but I can't see it!
Automatically synchronizing audio/video with FOSS tools?
How to handle the 2 kHz - 5 kHz frequency range in production?
Extracting conversations from a long WMA-File
"Subtracting" specific audio using an Isolated track from the same mix.
Does anyone make an inline volume control for ¼" jacks?
What is the optimal settings for KRK Rokit 5 Speakers?
microphone for recording naturally occuring random noises
How to display video via audio from a computer
Isolate the difference between two mostly-identical audio tracks?
Frequency cut-offs for guitar amp tone
Starting out in film/tv post/scoring (bgm)
Best Sony Vegas rendering options for audio-only on YouTube?
How to connect unbalanced output to balanced input?
Software recommendation for cleaning out audio recording
TV commercials that start with a voice over, and later cut to the narrator
Is there any software with which I can create 5.1 surround sound?
How to reproduce any sound
What equipment and software do I need?
Rendering vs. recording in ableton live?
How tough is it to eliminate the background noises of this video?
What equipment should I use for recording conference audio?
How to design retro videogame sound effects?
How do I broadcast a live event over a phone (land) line?
sound quality difference between USB cables
How can I create dubstep-style wobble bass lines in Audacity?
Do I need an amplifier to listen to the signal audio coming from a DAC?
How to avoid/remove the hissing in your recorded audio track.
How can I record with Ableton Live ? My setup seems to be missing just one part at this point.
Should I use a standalone compressor/gate or do it in post?
Printing stems back to stereo for international versions in Protools and the volume seems to be slightly higher...why is this?
Second Microphone for Stereo Recordings: Identical or Different?
How can I cut out background noise from my footage?
Recording - Can you 'see' if multiple microphones are in or out of phase
Soundcloud Dropbox linked to Ableton/Max4live
What is it called when there are several channels of audio playing over a video?
Recording an instructor while filming him from a distance
Why does this simple clock in Reaktor always display 0?
How can I multitrack record my band practices?
Which music sw should I consider for aligning audio waveforms to MIDI piano roll, looping MIDI, managing program change, SysEx?
What is the best, but least expensive live recording setup?
Imitate sound of coming objects
Connect Line Level To Mic Level
Does this sound wave of a voice-over track look normal?
How to correctly slow down the track to compensate for wrong bitrate?
what is an A/D converter? and a recommendation about it
Sterling Audio ST51 Condenser Mic XLR cord doesn't fit all the way and won't work
Batch processing solution for audio files
Combining 2 Mono Microphones to 1 mono output with a 4 channel recorder in the middle
CuBase LE 5 Static Noises
Long audio recording solution
Where can I find piano samples (mono not stereo)
unable to reduce noise from recorded audio using Audacity and other tools
fast routing (switching) of a single output to n distinct monitors
What quantity of hiss/muddiness should I expect give various studio setups?
How is it possible to hear something at 44.1Khz?
I want to record/playback to analog tape at different speeds. What device am I looking for?
Noise connecting mixer to PC
choosing a portable sound recorder and microphone
What's wrong with the EQ on this guitar
Export from garageband to audacity
Will Shure 840 prof. monitoring headphones double for location sound recording and listening to music/music production?
Software that actually produces instrument sounds
How to amplify a collection of sound files
Does combining the left&right speaker signals cause me to lose part of the sound?
How do I fix the latency issue when recording through M-AUDIO Fast Track Pro USB Audio Interface?
I want to connect my iPod using the headset jack to a portable PA system and am worried about phantom power
What key features should I look for when purchasing a mic for podcasting?
Can I place a DI box between my amplifier and my guitar cabinet to record my signal?
Can a reverb processor compensate for a dead room?
Small and big membrane condenser microphone
How do I properly set levels for a recording and the environment I'm mixing in?
What is the best way to make music play more slowly? (at any arbitrary speed)
Audacity - export selection across all tracks.
How to amplify & clean up a weak reel-to-reel recording for converting to digital?
How do you make a phonograph for amateurs?
Why does higher quality audio have lower volume?
Soft synth vs. hard synth
How do I capture or create first-person audio?
Record a live show on 6 tracks
"Chiptunify" a wave file - possible?
recording a rock band perfomance
How to improve recording signal quality/reduce noise?
Audio normalization tool based on a dynamic calculation of local maximum amplitude
How to record yelling?
Recording with a mixer
How to beatmatch a section of a track using free software (on Windows) to create a ringtone?
Microphone v Phone Line Levels during Interviews
How to remove noise caused by very loud sounds in a recording?
How does Amplitude-rescaling work in filters?
What is the best way to mic a hammered dulcimer?
Least expensive microphone for hiss-free PC recordng
How to troubleshoot audio imbalance?
Equalization basics: How is sample rate frequency related to audio frequency?
Simple free program to add audio to video?
How do I remove echo from an audio recording?
m-BOX Mini wont record with Logic
Determining streaming container format
Purchasing A Portable Digital Recorder for Professional Video Work
Audio Interface > Guitar Pedal Chain > Audio Interface
What do I need to make reasonable quality amateur recordings of vocals/piano to put on Youtube?
In what order do I make edits to audio in a video clip?
Is it common to have problems when recording audio on a computer as opposed to a multi-track recorder?
Audio conversion from optical audio to 3,5 analog jack
Planning a simple setup for recording violin
Using Home System for PA Duties
What are the most common text-based music/audio notation systems?
Playing a channel whilst recording another in Sound Forge
Achieving uniform level in lengthy spoken word recordings
Cubase Metronome silent
How do I make my AutoHybrid louder? (connected to my PA system)
How do I record audio and video screen-capture for Tutorials on DAWs with ScreenFlow?
Differences between Waves CL-2A and UAD LA-2A
Active/Passive Speakers - Powered or Unpowered mixers?
Tascam DR-40 for Lecture and Speeches?
Fix for terrible "Hard Drive Noise" Audio Interference?
Join audio files into one mp3?
Delete part of audio
Voice recording for radio, what effects are used?
How should I select a microphone to use with a sound recorder used as a pre-amp for a DSLR
How To Remove the Vocals from a Song? Basic methods won't work
Buzzing sound when recording to laptop
What are the VST recorder plug-ins on the market?
Can someone please explain to me what each bar of the equalizer means?
How Do I Publish My Own Song
How to make a voice sound heavier and more mature in Audacity?
In what units is a sample's amplitude value represented, and how it relates to the real world?
How do I improve the recording levels when rcording from mixer to laptop?
What should I look for in microphones for home audio monitoring "nanny audio cam" system
Running long audio cables
portable player to replace minidisc
Recording from Turntables to Laptop causes heavy distortion
Using simultaneous Focusrite 2i2 and 2i4?
How can I record my singing voice the way I hear it?
What should I be looking for in an audio interface/field recorder?
Occasional pops in recording with Audacity and Roland Duo Capture
How do I convert 5.1 footage to stereo in premiere pro cs 5.5?
CD Recorder that can burn directly to CD from Microphone and burn to another disc?
Noise cancelling solution near train tracks
Is it a good idea to use headphones for audio production?
Cost-effective ways to start a home studio with Pro Tools?
What is the bare minimum I need to experiment with recording my voice over a beat without so much latency?
Change input source in sox when recording
Cubase blocks other programs from recording audio
How to record myself djing with a pc, midi controller and a mixer setup?
How do you use gain effectively?
Is it possible to separate voices from one mp3 file?
How to do live monitoring of audio input on Mac? (i.e. hear the input sound on audio out)
What is the equivalent samplerate and bitdepth of FM radio?
Bass Inaudible In Mix Through Bad Speakers
Heavy Metal Vocal Equipment and Processing?
Does cpuscaling have any signifcant effect on audio production?
Silent Disco Equipment
Desktop speakers for a MacbookPro?
Audio CD 16 bit or 24 bit?
How do I test audio cables?
Make quiet parts louder and loud parts quieter
Software for Live Multi-Tracking Recording & Mixing
What's the difference between consumer and pro audio music equipment?
How do I get a digital voice recorder to separate out multiple conversations taking place in the same setting?
AMP > Mini-jack > PC mic port = ok?
Monitoring multiple USB microphones
Why don't my VST instruments have sound in cubase?
How to loop vinyl records?
Which quality Windows compatible DAW?
Imitating a phone call?
Vocal mic placement, setup, and technique
Streaming pure Audio without Video with IIS smooth streaming?
Increased headroom vs resolution with 24bit audio recording
Voiceover drowns in music. How do I make it more dominant?
How can I limit live audio from the "clipping" effect?
Headphones impedance and the SPL
avconv screen recording to FLV, audio drifts out of sync
Acoustic guitar sound of Dylan MTV unplugged
Why sound system and headphones directly connected to pedal have different output (mono/stereo)?
Is mono (single channel) audio always played to *both speakers?
How to best sum 32 microphones to 4 lines
How do I tell OS X that an arbitrary controller is a MIDI device?
How does sending MIDI over USB compare to using a dedicated MIDI interface?
How can I automate/loop signature changes in Ableton?
Akai APC20/40 MIDI Control
What equipment do I need to change a stage piano to play B3 organ?
How can I reproduce an XG voice faithfully in a Performance on Yamaha MU-100
How does an electronic keyboard sustain pedal work?
Daisy Chaining Midi: Kaoss Pad 3, Roland RD-300, and Mainstage 3
Exporting Logic to Ableton?
Emulating spoken and rap vocals in MIDI
Transposing Instruments in Logic Pro
Can I play pure Piano tunes with a Quasimidi Raven?
How do I examine controller data such as for the Sustain Pedal in Reaper?
looking for software for converting audio -> midi
Has anybody tried using GIT version control for session control of audio recordings?
Logic Pro - How to delete an empty MIDI section?
Sustain pedal in a MIDI file
Which DAW can handle simultaneous editing of MIDI channels / instruments per tracks?
Does Logic Pro have a scripting language?
No output sound from midi in cubase
Where can I download midi files of videogame music?
Keyboard in a musical pit band
What's the difference between Logic and SoundTrackPro?
How do I configure MIDI in Reaper
Replace-recording for MIDI in Logic Pro
Monitoring MIDI Input from external Roland A-500PRO Controller
Play from beginning in Ableton Live 9
How to show track score as drum notation in Logic Pro?
Prevent Logic Pro X from scrolling to the top while using Flex Pitch
Unwanted quantize markers in logic pro
Where can I find the Windows 95 Startup Sound transcribed into music notation or MIDI?
How to achieve best sound in MIDI playback
How do you use the Caps-lock keyboard in Pro Tools?
Ableton Live / Osculator / TouchOSC: Send all values to remote control device
How do I extend the keyboard range of certain NI instruments?
obtaining .aif piano note sounds on imac for iphone app
What is the most effective way to reverse engineer SysEx format for my old Yamaha CS1x
How can I store MIDI SysEx from hardware synthesizers on my computer?
Is it possible to connect an Alesis DM6 to Reason and track drums?
automate volume CC of Kontakt instruments in Logic
What does the term quantization refer to?
What is the midi format used on the Yamaha PSR-e423 portable keyboard?
Complete song master and mixing tutorial
How to Change Pitch Bend in MIDI?
Vocals plugin or Robot voice
Adjusting MIDI latency in Ableton Live
Which software sequencers are good for live performances?
Eliminating recording latency -- what hardware and settings are needed?
parsing MIDI file with unknown bytes
Which MIDi interface to get for more channels?
How can I manually emulate the sonic abilities of the NES?
Delta 44: can you chain a MIDI thru cable to the PCI card?
How do I interface with midi files in Darkwave?
Logic Pro 9: importing and editing drum recordings from a Pro Tools session
Connecting Linux MIDI source to iOS Network Midi device?
USB-MIDI controller freezes when used with live-drawing software "Tagtool"
Logic Express: Spacebar isn't playing audio except in the arrange window
What synthesizer should I get if I like vintage sound e.g. Roland Juno 60?
Does Logic Pro support Rewire 64-bit (for Reason 6)?
How to resolve missing WAV files inside Logic's EXS Samples?
How can I get more sounds for my Roland D20?
Which software for adding triggers to an acoustic drum kit to make it into a USB drum kit?
Cubase, midi device and Latency
Combine MIDI files
Loading Harmor (and other synths) into Cubase 5
Will an Emagic Logic Control work properly with Logic 8 or 9?
Why does my Oxygen25 work with Logic, but not Pro Tools?
How can I map midi controller faders to midi CC values through software in Cubase?
Using an Electronic Drum Kit as a MIDI controller
Is there software to capture and view raw MIDI data coming from a controller?
Recording in free time in a song with a click track
MIDI interface which is compatible with 2010 macbook pro
Mapping Mod and Pitch bend controls to a knob in Ableton?
How can I make a section in a song sound like it's coming from an AM radio?
Does the Logic X Legacy and Compatibility content overwrite the new content?
How does the MIDI data for polyphonic aftertouch differ from "normal" aftertouch?
Generate individual midi files of piano notes
How to reduce bleed on vocal and instrument mics in a live recording?
Is there a way to use Virtual Instruments from ProTools in Logic?
Does the MIDI protocol make it possible to specify pitches for specific tones?
Equivalent of Logic's Flex Mode in Ableton Live 9
Keyboard vs. MIDI controller for MIDI input
Importing MIDI into Reason 5
Audio effect: loop on a keyboard key
Looking for a MIDI note re-mapper VST.
Live control of rewired application parameter using MIDI controller in Ableton
Do Logic Pro X Track Stacks play poorly with Smart Controls?
MIDI CC Button Settings on a Behringer BCR2000
Beatboxing to MIDI in realtime
What the difference between the types of dithering algorithms in Logic Pro?
Can I map coarse and fine tempo control to a single MIDI controller in Ableton Live?
Selecting a Master Mode program on a Yamaha MotifXS (SysEx command) from an iPad app
Should my headphones literally be vibrating from bass?
Is it possible to move multitrack files between sequencers?
How to merge MIDI tracks
In Logic, can I change the settings of plugins on a group of channels at the same time?
How to change the current playing tone via MIDI
Are there any keyboard shortcuts for efficient MIDI (piano roll) editing in Adobe Audition 3?
Patch Change with MainStage does not sync UltraBeat Patterns
How can I manually convert sheet music into a MIDI, and define what track they are on?
Creating MIDI Files - Explanation of time division in header chunk
Why do sounds reset in cubase after loop returns?
How can I automate track levels while recording in Logic, MainStage or GarageBand?
Logic Pro ES2 High notes lost
How to route MIDI CC #7 to instrument instead of track
Can MIDI Designer control other iPad apps?
How to move all notes in the Cubase MIDI editor one octave up?
iMS-20 for Logic Pro
Does Logic 9 solve the lost MIDI mapping problems that were present in Logic 8?
Synthesizer resources
Utilities to output better sounds via MIDI for live performance
Exporting multiple tracks to MIDI in Ableton Live
How do I get Logic to export the sounds recorded from Kontak w/ Symphobia?
Cakewalk UM-3G MIDI Interface for midi drums
How can I use the iPad as a MIDI controller directly via USB (with Reason or Ableton Live)?
Region editing in arrange, audible clicking at start/end
Traktor s2 controller and Kaoss Pad integration
What are the pro's and con's of a MIDI interface compared to MIDI to USB cable?
Is there a way to use Logic Pro plugins to modulate pitch?
How to connect two (2) MIDI devices to an Audio Interface with only one (1) MIDI In port?
How is MIDI used with a keyboard?
Guide for MIDI?
Cubase and randomizing midi
Can I use a MIDI computer cable as a straight through male-to-male MIDI cable?
Converting vst track to midi?
Ableton Live 8 MIDI tracks recorded without a tempo reference. Need export to Sibelius notation software
Can I convert Cakewalk .wrk files to MIDI?
How do I set a maximum duration for notes in command line TiMidity synthesis?
Looking to make a smooth pitch bend in Logic [Audio FIle]
How to sync midi to audio - Logic 8
How to sync playback control of Record and Reaper, without ReWire?
Software playing real sounds not midi when writing scores
difference between channel and track in midi files
Are there other patches available for purchase other than those Logic Pro X ships with?
Logic 8 - Creating Drum Tracks using MIDI
m-audio midisport uno not working
How do I sync a Mac and Windows laptop running Ableton Live?
Can I trigger the Logic Pro caps lock keyboard without using Caps Lock?
Does a Yamaha FC3 or Roland DP-10 pedal work in a Yamaha P200 foot controller plug?
KTDrumTrigger with 64-bit Cubase 5.5.3
Simplest way to play MIDI sounds from OSC/MIDI inputs
Why does Logic 8 lose the DAW controller mappings from my M-Audio Axiom 49 between sessions?
Playing a midifile through a workstation
How do I map a second MIDI controller to act as a "reset" button in Ableton Live?
Can I create multiple mixes within the same project in Logic?
Pro Tools MIDI setup
Can I use VST plug-ins in Logic?
MIDI SysEx utility for OS X?
What settings could cause latency in recording but not in monitoring in cubase?
MIDI/OSC: Control Surface status
MuseScore output to MIDI keyboard
Software/Hardware requirements for home recording
How do you change the default Windows midi with something better?
My Oxygen25 midi keyboard wont work with Pro Tools 9, help..?
How to properly mix Superior Drummer 2.*
Is there a wifi MIDI controller keyboard?
Control Ableton Tempo from MaxMSP
over my head: looking for an inexpensive way to mic both my flute and violin for live performance with mic'd acoustic group?
Plugin to "Dynamically" align phase (add delay) between two mics (where one is moving)
How to adjust the frequency of a microphone to match another frequency response?
Headphones output for Sony Alpha A77
Live percussion recording - microphone questions
What is the difference between a dead cat and a foam screen?
USB mic vs. XLR, 3.5mm, or 1/4 inch connector
Transient response time of typical computer microphone?
Best way to mic up a group discussion
Digital audio gain past 100% for my computer mic? (win XP)
What specifications should I look for when buying a budget microphone?
Gang Vocal Recording Techniques
Lavalier for video production
How do I match a microphone to a preamp
Cleaning up large group dialog quickly
How to mic a 50 persons choir standing behind an orchestra
How can I test microphones to determine their quality?
How to reduce wind noise / audio overload on built-in microphones?
wired external video microphone interference
Transmit speaker's voice over bluetooth headset to a camcorder
What microphone is used in these videos?
Mic stand for sterling ST51 mic
How much would I need to spend on a condenser microphone to get a reliable professional vocal sound?
Connect a 6.3mm microphone to USB
Is there a significant difference in sound quality between 1/4" jacks and XLR inputs for microphones?
Two microphone setup to record voice and acoustic guitar
Interview Microphone for Sony Handycam HDR-CX500E
Setting up a home 'vocal booth'
What causes proximity effect?
What is a good cardioid mic for video?
All-round vocal mic
Is there a low cost microphone that can record an audience?
How to amplify mans voice in a noisy recording?
All Around Workhorse Studio Mics
Do all USB microphones that offer 'monitoring' appear as output devices to the computer?
How can I get the most clear sound out of an electric guitar? line in, or mic'ing?
Miking a drum kit with a cajon - 2 or 3 mics?
What to look for in a vocal mic for a small home studio
Microphone windscreens -- how effective / necessary are they?
Tips for silently prompting people to not get too close to mics?
How should I mic a classical guitar?
Recording Gunshots
Is the Zoom H4n supposed to make metal clinching sounds?
Shotgun on boom or handheld?
Who can recommend a camera for shooting a vlog?
ART Tube MP doesn't register any input.
What should I look for in a microphone that would be used in a noisy environment?
Power supply noise in cheap condenser mic: is this normal?
Boardroom Conference VOIP Solution with multiple headsets
External Mic/Sound Recorder recommendations
Condenser Mics: Maximum SPL in relation to Distortion, Physical Damage and a -10dB Attenuator
Basics of micing drumset cymbals?
Miking a mixed choir/instrument ensemble on a budget
What is a good mic in the $200 range for miking an acoustic guitar (for use with Apogee duet portable studio)?
Can't get rid of this humming noise in recordings
What's a good Feature film microphone?
Which device to plug microphone to to get realistic realtime church reverberation for classical guitar
Does constant phantom power (24/7) to a microphone wear it out faster?
Using both dynamic and condenser microphone to record vocal?
USB power enough for a Mic preamp?
XLR vs USB Microphone
Suggestions for micing violins
What mic should I used to record a roundtable discussion in a noisy convention center?
Voice narration mastering?
Recording acoustic guitar with Zoom H4
Product recommendation: shotgun microphone for speech
What are those switches on my microphone, having something to do with directions?
Does it hurt to send phantom power to a mic with its own power supply?
Home recording, how to isolate non-constant street car noise?
How to eliminate 50 Hz noise from microphone?
What is impedance and why do I care when buying a microphone?
Plugging in/Unplugging dynamic mics with the channel on
How to transmit sound from my microphone to my speakers?
For videocasting, what is the best microphone?
Fix / manage loose connections on microphones (XLR)
Are there any cheaper alternatives to the SM81?
How can I clean vocal microphone grill?
Single-mic close-miked solution for acoustic guitar?
Software Solution For Boosting Low Microphone Recording Volume (Windows 7, Blue Yeti USB)
Dynamic mic windscreen shape
Does the PlayStation2 official microphone offer good audio quality?
Help to identify this solo recording setup
Micing a big square room
Lavalier vs shotgun mic for beginner level interviews?
How to improve voice quality for podcast lessons in setup/postproduction?
Podcast recording tips
Best Way/Equipment To Record A Group Outdoors
Picking up hum noise from wood table
Wire mono microphone to stereo jack?
skype conference call microphone
Basics of miking a marching snare
Use Android smartphone to record sound
Microphone/Extras for video-tutorials/screencasts
What are the most used types of microphones and what are they best used for?
What equipment should I use to record a conversation, cheaply?
Does the price trick you? (Windscreen)
Is this audio signal path enough/correct?
Looking for microphones for location identification, decibel level
Where did the 3:1 rule come from?
Bluetooth headset as a microphone
question about very low volume with one microphone cable
How/why do Mac laptop mics suffer from hiss so much less than PC laptops?
What's a good microphone for movie making?
Beginner question on how to connect a microphone to my TV's external speakers
Microphone for recording sounds on the Mac?
Why can I only use 2 microphones with my 4 channel USB mixer?
Do XLR cables wear out?
Sennheiser ME66 vs Shure SM81
How do I use a microphone on my PC sound card to automatically create a "sweet spot" with excellent frequency response?
Is it safe to plug amplifier's headphone output into the computer?
Best mic for cajon/percussions in 100$-150$ price range?
How to record a cajon without it sounding terrible?
What is the best/easiest way to fade a sound (beeping noise) in and out without the audience noticing that its gone?
Recreating the signature sound from "Epic"
take a signal on mini-headphone and have a computer capture the stream to a .wav
What does 'Poles' mean in relation to a filter?
How to create the muffled sound effect like hearing through walls?
Filtering sounds to make it appear underwater
I want the perfect gun sound, can I make it myself ? Any tip/theory ?
How can I compress podcasts consistently and reliably to go onto Google Play Music?
How can I compress my bassline like the linked Boris Brejcha track?
Live rock band having issues with vocals being buried
How do I use the Insert I/O on my Behringer Mixer?
Is it wrong to use compression on the master bus?
Recording/mixing/mastering drums
Re-encoding MP3 reduces quality
Is buying a compressor a good thing for vocal recording?
Why does a FLAC file have a lower bit rate than the CD file?
What's the best ubiquitous format for compressed voice audio?
Tool for improving old recordings
Where does Levelator fit in with traditional compression/gating/limiting?
Techniques on Mastering
Best lossy format for music?
Side chain sources for a compressor working on a guitar or bass signal?
How to remove keys on a Roland XP-80?
How do key signature calculating algorithms usually work?
outputting 2 different audio signals from a computer (PC/laptop)
where to find general tutorials about minimal house beat programming?
In-Ear monitoring and/or hearing assistance via FM radio
How to record my Mackie digitally via USB?
Using Akai LPD8 as drumkit, controller
How do I know what volume to set my podcasts at?
In Ear Monitors - Alternatives?
Mic input vs Instrument input
How to input audio to Android?
Vestax SPIN & Algoriddim Djay - Streaming online
What's the difference between a synthesizer and a sequencer?
Using Original m-BOX with Garageband and OS 10.6.8
Equipment: new interface necessary or not? (Using Mackie 402-VLZ3 with 2010 iMac)
Guitar Sounding Synth
Setting up Tascam FW-1804 with newest MacBook Pro model
How can I properly use/opmize REWIRE to join Ableton Live 8.2 and Reason 5
Exporting .wav files with Korg Krome Workstation
How do I find a PROM chip for a Roland D20?
I want to add line out jacks to a digital piano with built-in speakers
Ceiling speakers central switch
How do I synthesize this sound?
Ableton Live synths: Analog vs. Operator
Good soundcard for Windows 7, no latency audio + MIDI in/out
Making space in a synth-heavy mix for electric guitar?
MOTU 828 mk2: How do you toggle +4dB/-10dB for each of the inputs from the front panel?
Are there any synthesizers comparable to a virus ti, but significantly less expensive?
low sawtooth and speech type oscillator synth notes cause sound and tone change
Is FM8 a good synth for a beginner?
Where can I find a multioscillator synth?
A budget audio interface with surface controls and multi-track recording ability
Synthesising pure tones
S/pdif ports - Should/can I use them?
Old MOTU 828 Mk1 on a modern system
How to make a pad-synth feel like it occupies a large space without the use of a reverb effect?
Sustain Pedal problem
How to make a bass layer follow a specific scale?
Audio interface sample rate issue
Need help recreating soulwax synth sound
When going digital what are some things to be aware of?
What could cause a project not be transported in Reaper when using Asio4All with Zoom H2?
Original Mbox with protools 8
How to record (voice+guitar) on a MacBook? USB sound card?
Which popular synthesizer voices are available for software?
Where can I get a Memory Card M-256D or M-256E
Focusrite Scarlett 18i6 - No output in FL Studio
Windows 7 Line In Latency Issue
How to use Emotiv EPOC or Ambient TheAudeo with Ableton Live?
How do I achieve a cleaner sound?
audio interface or mixer for live radio on the cheap
What instruments are these?
DIY electronics repair, how to find what part I need
Cheapest way to get MANY Audio Inputs
Would a Thunderbolt audio interface decrease latency (in theory)?
How to configure Lexicon Omega as a main soundcard?
samples, sampling; the use of these terms in different contexts
Audio Interfaces - Internal versus External (USB) recommendation
Do I need an adapter or also a transformer for a Japanese Roland SH-101?
How can an electronics person start to reverse-engineer analog synth sounds?
Does resetting a Roland D-5 or D-20 erase all the sounds on it?
Audio Interface from Laptop to Monitors/etc
How can I make the Roland D-20 sound like an ordinary piano?
Piano hammer, i.e. how to get proper release sounds in Linux and the most compliant SF2 engine
PC Surround Sound ports and SPDIF?
How do I reset a Roland D-20?
How can I lock my keyboard?
Is this sound card good enough?
I am getting a hiss in the recording when using a portable digital audio recorder.
Getting Audio from Live to Pass Through to Scarlett 18i20
FireWire or USB
I'm out of LFOs, how can I put vibrato on my synth line in Ableton Live?
iPod preamp recording quality
What makes a headphone monitoring amplifier so expensive? any tips for alternatives?
What elements to use 5.1 channels in film? how to clean dialogues?
How to make recorded voice sound good
Which DAW is this?
No sound from Liquid Saffire 56 on OS X
How can I reduce interference with two radio microphones?
Midi Keyboard connected but no sound
Is it possible to create a master quality recording of acoustic guitar/vocal with an iPad?
Which microphone to choose for a piano live reinforcment?
Is it possible to raise/lower the volume of different voices?
Looking for a compact portable active powered speaker, such as a Behringer 205D, for small live gigs. How can I improve sound quality?
Android as MIDI sequencer with digital piano
Stream multiple sound sources via mms/rtsp using pulseaudio
How can I simply record, edit, and export one track of V/O?
How can I combine various audio inputs into 1 optical ouput to feed into my surround sound?
Updated: Can I split 1 live stereo input steam into 2 mono streams, in Mac OS
Good piano patch for Nord Modular?
Is the Sony VAIO i.link port a regular Firewire 400 one?
Looking for a set of sound sensors with 5 foot capture range
What is the best way to record Electric Guitar on heavy distortion?
Dubstep Whomp's on logic express 9?
Best sequence in a DAW to improve a poorly recorded voiceover?
Reaper and Native Instruments Studio Drummer
How to connect Alesis MMT-8 to Roland TR-909 with Cubase and Samson Graphite 49
Phantom power and audio recorders and microphones
Trying to mix a Symphonic Rock/Metal song
Why is my cutting equalizer increasing output level?
How can I quiet a noisy computer in my home studio?
Assigning analog audio to play with HDMI/DVI video on an A/V receiver
how to record two sources into a single audio file in Linux?
How to fix an audio-set with wrong levels
same size speaker vs subwoofer
What are the steps/phases of a CD/Album production
Low-cost WEARABLE midi motion sensors
Vocal recording - Output level is too low even though the preamp show it's clipped
Which functional specifications are most important in an audio interface?
Can MADI run on OM3 (50/125) fibre?
Phantom Power Staying On
Samson GTrack USB mic on Windows 7
Reason ReWire Problem in ProTools LE 7.4.2
How do I mic a drum set for live recording a rock band?
Ableton Live - record midi CC data during a live performance?
Why does your voice sound different when you record it?
What can I use to record a band with?
Can opening closed speaker cabinets for service affect the sound?
Can Logic stretch an audio region with a varying tempo to fit an existing, stable project tempo?
Synthesizer patch - how to make a glassy sound
tiny usb audio recording stick
Can a PA microphone be plugged into a computer?
Transcoding DV Without Desyncs
What does GarageBand have compared to Audacity?
Sampling frequency Vs. Audio Frequency
How to reduce 'click' when using ES2 synth
I would like to learn to mix tracks into a DJ set - where should I start?
Looking for a drum mixer recommendation for live sound
Will low output volume affect the quality of the sound?
PDF version of the Ardour manual
What is the resolution of human hearing?
What is a snake and what are they used for?
What Voice effects are used in Solomun - See You Everyday Alone?
What Windows-based DAW can I use for sample arrangement?
Headphone Amp for Shure SRH440
Why does my sound card output a high pitched sometimes oscillating sound or whine?
Keeping multitrack files online
How to make the sound from Will.I.Am - Scream and Shout
How to avoid a muddy mixdown?
Why does the headset buddy 3.5 mm male to microphone and speaker female have a stereo jack for the microphone?
Using a computer headset connected to a voice amplifier?
Wiring a 1/4" headphone jack to headphones.
How can I open the VST instrument window in Cubase?
Triggering a drum module from recorded tracks
What do the pros look for when shopping for quality PA speakers?
Mixing piano and guitar
How to get hi-hats in FL studio rewire in cubase?
Speakers to 3.5mm jack?
App for audio feedback frequency detection?
Sound stopped in Ableton Live after 3rd party program Hear was installed
High impedance headphone for MacBook without an amp?
Good Audiophile Headphones
Identify Sound Effect
How to determine the model of a cheap headset?
Stereo analyzer(visualizer) as a VST plugin
Automatic crossfades after comping a track
What books and resources can help me better understand my DAW?
Legality of Sound Bites
Unmute D-Command on startup
Sound system noise from lighting system
running two different versions of the same VST instrument at the same time
Sound is playing slowly in After Effects RAM Playing
Audio tweaks pre-encoding for high quality MP3 output
Why is learning how to use DAWs appear more difficult than Video editing programs?
Do you know other wave equations?
Route Sound From Programs Into DAW (Windows)
Is there a way to graphically analyze frequency of samples/instruments in Renoise?
Solo a track with a gate sidechained to a grouped track?
Mp3 codec reencoding effects
Fl Studio replacement
Best cable to connect guitar amp to speaker cabinet?
6 ohm speakers and 8 ohm receiver
Stereo versus mono lps
Track to evaluate internal noise level?
Compose music in Reason, synced up to a project in Premiere
How can I get good reverb with audacity?
How can I simulate a palm mute effect in Reason?
How do you organise and manage a project when re-sampling audio to achieve unique sound design?
How to merge time-lapse videos and soundtrack?
Does headphone impedance make any difference except for volume?
What exactly is a "bus" on a Behringer Xenyx mixer?
Doing a 5.1 and a stereo soundtrack with same source material in Adobe Audition
Understanding waveform representation?
Using effects without dry/wet parameter in Cubase
How to make a sample/note sustained or long in Reason 4?
Sequencer/DAW with a decent Notation/Score Editor?
Audio Mixer Inputs and Outputs
0db mono vs. 0db stereo
Format conversion safety of files linked from Audacity projects
How to "Insert silence" - in session view (Ableton Live)?
Audacity has all my audio, but blocks are repeated
Why are VST instrument not recording in cubase?
is there a way to replicate the doppler effect (shift)?
Is it possible to remix cds / songs / audio within Reason 5? Can you open audio or anything like that?
Sound Forge Pro: how to save a volume envelope?
What is this incredibly annoying noise?
Hiss or hum noise from Active Speaker System
Why is there added distortion when going from 24 bit to 16 bit?
Super low budget chat-show style webcast
Easy solution for controlling 5 or more speakers from a single computer
Which software should be installed in Ubuntu Studio to work with video game music and sounds?
Totally confused with the plethora of different electronic music production hardware; any way to work out what they do?
Free Linux tool to convert FLV to MP3
In which situations is Audio Expansion applied (opposite of compressors)?
Low level hiss, pop and squeal in basic sound studio set up
Are outboard processors dead?
Why are drums generally panned to the listener's perspective but piano panned to the player's perspective?
Ableton: How do I automatically make a Clip "on beat"?
Vertical panorama in mix?
Boost volume of track in GarageBand
What do I need to know to decide if an amp will work with speakers?
Where can I find free sound effects?
removing hammering noise behind speech
Why does this simple pitch shift core cell in Reaktor not function the way it was intended to?
How do I record sounds in Pro Tools LE 8 from Komplete 7 (specifically Absynth 5)?
software DAW comparison to hardware studio equipment
Will a magnetically shielded studio monitor mess up my hard drive?
Free (or great) VST panner with haas effect
Can I use my original MBox at all with my Lion Mac?
Is there a standard way to prepare lyrics for a singer?
Record cassettes using computer
Easy to use open source DAW?
Daw software that understand about notes and chords
Should I purchase ART HeadAmp 6 PRO Headphone Amp with 6 Free Headphones for $199?
Linux tools for beginning electronic music production
Remove drum track from song given the isolated drum track and the song?
Is Garage Band a viable tool for home recording?
Are "mute groups" only for monitors, and can "scenes" be layered?
Setting up ableton live as a live looper?
Sound system for home theater and band
Do any of the popular DAWs allow you to insert a "pause" into a project.
How early, how often do I need to mix-down?
What equiment/software does Skrillex use?
Does buying Komplete 8 help me at all if I already own Ableton?
Pro Tools Freeware Replacment
Linux digital recording — Audacity or Ardour?
How to make a voice sound like it is underwater?
Audio software with alternative user interfaces (e.g. not mimicking a mixer)
How to record audio in Ableton?
Connecting ordinary 3.5mm speakers to S/PDIF?
What is/are the first effect(s) I should put on raw vocal recordings?
Is it possible to show the same person multiple times on live streaming?
Cubase randomly outputs noise/grain over playing audio
How to quantize velocity in Cubase?
Converting Surround Sound Headphone Jacks to Optical
How to Change the "BPM" of a recorded drum in DAW? is that possible?
Voiceover Recording Equipment
Can one own a sound
How can I get rid of phasing on source audio?
Cooled, soundproof enclosure for a noisy laptop in a bedroom studio?
Stereo imaging with headphones
"Ghostly" effect for vocals in a remix
Setting up a small PA system
How does one setup a simple ducker in ProTools?
Speakers crackle when input volume to amp is max
Inverse Mute Group for Yamaha LS9?
What is this static in front of the audio in MP3?
A mathematical formula describing Mains Hum
In Ableton, how come cropped samples aren't cropped as much when imported later?
Ableton: Record everything I do and play it back on-screen
Switch to playlist view from D-Command
How to use ZOOM H4N to vary speed of nearly "any" MP3 clip?
File renaming of MP3
What causes the background hissing in speakers?
What are the best techniques to looping in ProTools?
How can I tell whether speakers are magnetically shielded?
Filter applause from videos
What software is best to record stereo and encode mp3
Turn Mono or Stereo into binaural
Wireless headphone modification?
I am purchasing an active mackie speaker - do I need a preamp?
What are good TR909 and TB303 default settings for electronica music?
How do you decide how much to charge a client for Audio / Music jobs?
Is it possible to get two-way audio using ReWire?
I lost my Pro Tools 9 Installation disc, can someone help?
Expand Track Playlist from D-Command
Why is there no signal above 11025 in my 44100 recording?
Adjusting PC's speaker output in realtime
Can you buy Pro-Tools standalone? (software only)
How to avoid clipping when explicitly adding audio tracks?
Pro Tool 10.3.4 and Ableton 9.0.4 no rewire visible
What is the outside volume of open and semi-closed headphones?
Is there something wrong with my ears? (perception of frequency and their dynamics)
Has my Guitar Rig 2 installation messed up Cubase 5?
What is 0 dB in digital audio?
Audacity: Exporting time track to csv
MP3 cd in car stereo
What is the cheapest way to produce a lot of bass?
Tips on remixing a song
Produce 'wavy' sound in pitch?
How can I test earbuds to determine their quality?
Useful reviews or "best" iPad remote automation controller for Pro Tools?
Mixing Acapella and Instrumental Tracks - Beginners Guide
General advice about sound spatialization
How can I embed instruments into Propellerhead Reason 4?
Vuvuzela silencing techniques
Adding and synchronising audio file to a movie
I need to record a control track (timecode noise) as a WAV file. Can this be done through software only?
Ableton Live - viewing / editing CC sostenuto data
Stereo and mono cables and jacks? What happens when you cross them?
How to check how matched my singing is to other's in Audacity?
How to create music throughly inside computer, without using live instrument sounds? What do I need?
What causes the 130-133Hz hum in my KRK VXT6 monitors?
Open Reason Re-fills outside of Reason
Is it worth supporting VST3?
Strip Right channel in GarageBand
VSTi Issue with REAPER and Superior Drummer
How to record the sound of an acoustic guitar with a magnetic pickup?
Regarding "starting up" sound of 3D pinball
Is there a way to see the samples used by Ableton's Impulse instrument?
Sending different ranges of frequencies to separate channels?
Sharing music mixes and copyrights?
Proper way to wear Grado headphones?
What do white notes mean in cubase key editor?
What should I look for in good headphones?
M-Audio BX5a just died?
what causes the difference in cord quality between brands?
How do I keep a recording session tidy and organised
S/PDIF from PC to Mixer
Cubase don't recognize plugins
How do I properly set audio levels of a sound system?
What's the limit on acceptable free use of Creative Commons music?
Looking for ambient sounds that could pass as 1830's London
How to create a podcast soundboard?
Going about creating a new song in a DAW?
Is it possible to record directly to a computer's CD drive?
What software and Speakers are these in this picture?
How can I reduce noise with many cables?
Should I use 44.1KHz, 48KHz or 96KHZ sampling frequency for hobby projects?
Melodyne nightmare
Questions about simple single-track line-in recording
What is the effect of impedance on headphone sound quality?
Noise removal vs. adding bed noise
Which DAW, when rewired with Record / Reason, is better on system performance?
How to set "Follow Action" in thirtytwos? (Ableton Live)
How do I know what latency I will get?
How to mixdown in realtime in Adobe Audition
Where can I find generic animal sounds for a childrens game?
Podcast recording from 2 locations with ability to hear clips on the computer
What are good resources to learn the production side for an end-user focused software guy?
should I unfreeze tracks in ableton before exporting a song?
Voice echoing in audacity?
mp3 encoding and settings
How to make visualisation syncronized with ableton live
Compact desk for daw and music composition?
Passive monitor speakers with reference amplifier, how do I add a subwoofer?
Headphone cables: Coiled v.s Straight
MP3 date tag format
How to read and use a Phase / Vectorscope
Audio Cassette to Digital Archiving: high-quality, complete hardware and software solution
How to fix an amplitude cutoff?
How can I convert garage band files so I can use them on Audacity
Headphone amp sliders are making noise. Worth fixing or not?
Measurement of SPL(dB) for PC headphones
When I read "MPEG-4 AAC", does this mean 'AAC', 'AAC+ Version 1', or 'AAC+ Version 2'?
Can I copy tracks in Pro Tools without copying audio regions?
Reverse voice anonomizing algorithMs
How to create a 2 mix in the same project (cubase 5)
Cubase 5 won't open projects with Guitar Rig after update 5.5.2
What gear do I need to start Home recording?
Why is Pro Tools the industry standard in high end audio production?
New earphones ruined my music
What should I look for when buying a subwoofer?
Xperia Neo V compatible earphones
What are some good headphones for running
Play in scale like Ableton's Push controller using a drum rack/other?
What video editing software allows for easy alignment of visual transitions with the soundtrack?
How do I use Audacity to make two tracks match volume?
Mbox 2 mini and mac mavericks (mac osx 10.9) not working properly
How to best digitize an audio signal in a recording environment? (relevance of ADCs)
Retro reverb sound for mixes
Ableton Live Instruments and Effects Have Disappeared From The Library...How to get them back?
What does the sample rate and sample size of audio means?
How do I remove mouse click noise
DIY Digital recording studio
Hook up iPod/iPad to old stereo (No inputs)
Is it normal for audio recorded in a particular sampling rate to have distortions when transcoded into another sampling rate?
how to lower CPU usage in Ableton Live 8 in Mac OSX 10.6.8
Preventing headphone static with USB to 3.5mm adapter
Do audio cable splitters reduce signal quality or add noise?
Ableton Live - am I misunderstanding clips in the Arrangement view?
Should I ever use a bit depth less than 24 bits?
Recording with autotune with SoundCraft Si Compact 32 audio mixer?
Reduce noise from multiple clips
making a multiple speaker system from stereo headphone socket for apartment
I have two computers with audio output, and I'd like to monitor both, simultaneously, with one set of speakers. What do I need?
Reason: Any way to batch convert WAV to REX?
In ProTools, how does one record live volume changes?
Audacity: Increase audio volume in audacity software
How to maximize volume and sound quality of a YouTube video
How to isolate specific sound from a sample in Ableton
General rules for panning?
Is it possible to loop MP3 without gaps?
How to improve the effectiveness of a camcorder's built-in microphone
Is it safe to plug in and send audio from XLR and 1/4th" inputs into powered speakers at the same time?
What does panning do in a stereo system
Add new playlist to selected tracks
Which external DAC to use with igrados headphones?
Converting Music Frequencies
How should I improve my singing?
TRS/TS vs RCA cable?
Relative compare between AAC and MP3 - Optimal convertion
In what ways does mp4 improve on mp3?
Minimal Real World Computer Specs for Reason 6 on Windows
What happens when you save a MP3 with a higher quaility?
Finding high quality samples for music production
How do i create rap beats like the LA Beat Scene?
Match two sounds with a level of certainty
Which reference monitors should I buy for my home studio?
Inches vs Watts on speakers, what does it mean? What is the difference?
What is the best volume to work with studio monitors?
Simple stereo mixer for multiple computers
How to remove unwanted sounds from 'silence'?
What are good alternatives to studio foam for a home studio?
What exactly does it mean to normalize a track/how it is done?
What could be causing distortion on my MP3 when imported into Audacity?
cd digital out to usb
What is the best way of dealing with latency in Ableton?
Are there any mixing DAC chip software simulators?
How do I get a mix with two heavy bass elements to not sound muddy?
Convert sound inside a video, from 5.1 to stereo, without image modification?
How to augment wired headphones with a Bluetooth transmitter / receiver?
Periodic loss of clock over S/PDIF
Will ripping my old 90's and 2000's CDs yield as good a quality as buying the MP3s today?
How can I convert Cubase projects to something more portable without Cubase?
How do mp3 encoders compress audio?
When should I trust my ears over the phase/vector/lissajous scope?
How can I test a speaker circuit's impedance?
What are the differences between budget and more expensive hardware compressors?
Batch processing: strip channel
General idea of mixing, mono mixing and stereo mixing
What's a semi-objective way to evaluate a live audio setup for a small-medium sized acoustic band?
How can I change the master BPM in my song without stretching the recorded wav files?
Is source bit depth/sampling rate relevant for mp3 conversion?
What is a good mastering chain to use in a DAW?
Gradual pitch correction
Free Music for DAW Practice
Software to combine a MP3 and a CD+G file
What is the output of an iPhone headphone jack?
Is it legal to use a soundfont
Is there an equivalent to Audacity's noise reduction effect in other DAW?
Front of house speakers cut in and out for low volumes
Audacity: Sliding Time Scale/Pitch Shift
Quick CD from Pro Tools mixes
Is there a difference between Senheisser HD 280 PRO and HD 280 Silver?
why is higher sample rate changing the sound for the worse? I think its changing the pitch
Where can I find good before and after sound samples for learning eq, compression, mixing?
removing electrical artefact background sounds behind speech
Porting audio from web browser to DAW
How do I generate a chord (one bit)?
How to transfer records from cassettes to the computer?
How should you mix / master when producing music for Video Games?
Extremely Right and Left panning
Need help with dance studio
How to make feedback in Ableton Live?
Which functional specifications are most important in an audio interface?
Rules of thumb for EQing?
What is "latency" in a digital recording studio?
How to convert an arbitrary signal into music?
What equipment do I need to transfer audio from MiniDisc to hard disk?
How to find royalty-free music
How can I edit tracks in Audacity in Sequence instead of in Parallel
Should I store my EONs outside?
Kontakt 7 Player slow/bad sound quality
Stereo panning, headphones and speakers difference
Manipulating voices to masculine or feminine
Sequencing with VSTs - does 64bit matter?
Why do some musicians/groups create a last track with tons of silence in the middle?
Looking for high quality small speakers for my home
Term for Distorted Bass
Cubase 7 - I can't find the timestamp for each sample
I have this acoustic guitar pickup. What is a good software for it?
How to make cool hi-hats sounds in Reason
Home studio minimum setting and cost
Why does my Variable Audio Out not send a signal from my Toshiba 26AV500 TV?
"Extreme" EQ curves
How to move a sound back and forth or up and down
Cubase Drum Mapping
Audio editing benchmark software
How can I get my drum and bass hihats and snares to sound correct?
Can you get "stereo" audio on a videocamera with a wireless microphone using a 3.5mm plug?
How to manually change BPM of part of clip in Ableton
How to ReWire Individual Reason's Redrum Instruments into Cubase?
Need help with creating subliminal audio cd's with "Max/MSP'
How to add meta info to mp3/wav file MAC OSX?
Headphone amplifiers
Do new speakers require a "break-in" period?
What is the effect of increasing frequency on the sound wave?
A good resource for finding sound effects and animated clips to use in production for the non experienced
FireWire on MacBook Air - Help!
How to get rid of static background hum
What kind of mixer should I get for DJing?
Is it possible to create a soundproof studio in an apartment?
Battery3 is playing monophonic for unknown reason
Are there any speakers which can play binaural audio?
Is a MIDI-enabled keyboard and a Windows machine enough by itself to record piano music well?
If I shot a movie in 16:9 format in Ultra HD will the movie theatre play it?
Makers of best-in-class DAW plugins for recording/mixing?
Reason: Why do my songs sound dull and soft?
Opus vs MP3 (Size & Quality Comparison)
Software as substitute for a VJ (auto VJ software)
How to cut music for a trailer?
Mono mixing - How to avoid mono "fatigue"?
What is the purpose of an AUX return?
looking for a program for mixing subliminals with music at automatic levels
making sound resembling Dead Space upgrade sound
Comparing two vocal recordings in audacity
What level are speakers supposed to be calibrated at?
What is the difference between Analog and Digital sound when trying to verify the authenticity of the audio source
Multiple loop phrases in Ableton looper?
Smooth volume reduction of music between pieces of speech with Sound Forge
How can I pop out a pushed in woofer dome?
How do I mass convert mp3 to an open format without losing quality?
Ableton Live - Editing / Moving multiple envelope points at the same time as your note data?
Formula for the sound pressure of a pure tone
How do you properly place studio monitors cheaply?
Propellerhead Reason: Tutorials?
What are the challenges in audio for the bass line?
Setting volume level of mix
Finding out the license of stock music that I do not know the name off
Can I consolidate one file into multiple individual files in pro tools?
Are there any audible differences between 192 and 320 kbit/s .mp3 files?
Digital AES50 and REAC (CAT5) connecters, normal RJ45 with XLR eye candy?
How can I clean up my laptop's sound card input?
How to evaluate home studio monitors? 
Enhance badly converted 128kbps mp3 samples
Pro Tools tutorials
Intel Core i3 Mobile Processors for DAW - should I get Sandy Bridge?
Program to generate midi sounds and sequences
What is the difference between a balanced and unbalanced mono jack?
Problem with Sonar and my master keyboard
Speed up a selection in reaper
Does a USB Isolator work any different than a powered single-port USB Hub?
How to setup one instance of Kontakt to use more than one virtual instruments to their own outputs
How to find native ASIO drivers?
What are the disadvantages of a powered speakers setup over passive setup?
Attributes to look for in Powered Speakers
Fixing acoustics in a glorified hallway
Potential problems with chaining mic cables?
Articulation switches in NI Battery 3
Freeware Guitar Amp Sim VSTs
How do I split/splice and realign parts of tracks in Garage Band?
Online Collaboration Sites
Triggers on drums in the studio, why?
What is software reverb?
Cannot hear sound through the VSTi in Reaper
Better playback in Sibelius
What causes a buzzing that goes away when I touch the jack?
Reproducing a reverb/echo
How can I output sound for a video if I'm using Traktor Pro?
Drag select time range in Reaper not working
What are primary differences between a soundcard and a DAC?
Wiring an 120W amp head to the box (stereo)
Mid-range external sound card recommendations.
Delay vs reverb
How can I cut out a particular instrument in the same pitch range as other instruments I don't want to cut?
Freeware Reverb VSTs
How to treat all audio as "one shot" in Acid Pro 7 and disable tempo
Low frequency driver replacement for BX5a
Changing the sampling or playback rate
What's the point of putting electronics inside a guitar instead of just outputting the raw pickup signal?
Will this portable DJ setup work?
How do I make my guitar sound as smooth as possible?
Free automatic composer, for commercial use
How to deal with the difference in sound when the audience comes in
How much does a reliable dB-meter cost?
How to connect tops and bass bins
garageband splice 10 second clips
Adding a rhythm section to A Capella tracks
Are there any drawbacks when recording instruments out of order according to the preferred method?
Can sine wave break PA speaker?
Reset position of clip to original recording time in Reaper
Real time fx in Reaper
Source of ground looping? Different ground for USB and laptop's line out?
Can I convert Sibelius into MusicXML or any other free format with only free tools?
Is it possible to have some partial measures in a song with FL Studio?
Components of a Basic DJ Setup
Preventing tangled mic cables
List of free notation software
How to get vocals like that? [chopped/pitched/reverb]
How to improve acoustics of a 16 meter square garage on a budget?
Automatic Mix software to replace a DJ
Novation Launchpad as drum pads?
Determine whether resonance/standing waves are from speakers or room?
Playback of Reaper and other applications simultaeously
USB/Midi controller on Ubuntu Linux?
Setup, EQ changes based on tuning of guitar
Real-time audio effects in Windows
What pitch of voice is more versatile for editing and to use as many kinds of voice?
Is there any free tool to generate a tone with gradually increasing pitch?
Why do I hear less bass in the middle of the room, and can I do anything about it?
Are There Song-Length Limitations in GarageBand 09?
Older Bedroom DJ Seeks Advice: Amp about to die - should I get another or powered monitor speakers...?
Why does music often "stutter" when the BPM is manipulated in ITCH?
Always show mute button on items in REAPER
Acid Pro alternatives for OS X
What HD are compatible to the Alesis HD24 Recorder?
Line 6 UX2 Terrible Noise on Inputs
Reaper: Convert split items to regions?
Is there a music genre or type of sound to help drown out background noise for the purpose of concentration?
How would I make this type of reverb or multi tap echo?
Best Noise reduction methods?
How is Automatic Double Tracking (ADT) achieved using tape delay?
Absorbing Room - materials, their shapes, what's the difference?
What is the key parameter for a sound card, if I want to record at home using Guitar rig?
CAT5 UTP for Audio?
Redirect audio output from a streaming app to a DJ app
What (affordable) precautions can I take to protect DJ equipment when using a generator?
Is a mixer a necessary part of this setup?
tips for making a more realistic "live drummer" sound with only audio samples
Audio tracker for Linux with support for VST/VSTi
How do I sort through a music collection and find and categorise the best quality files?
How does our brain detect the direction of sound?
What's the best software for DJing and mixing?
Recording multiple applications (on different VAC lines) to multiple tracks
Are there "professional" single input external sound cards?
Will a generator work with a portable DJ setup?
Sound Card VS DAC Unit
Mic level or line level for long runs?
Is GarageBand not part of OSX anymore?
Fixing low-frequency hum in an undersaddle acoustic guitar pickup
Can you use Native Instruments plug-ins with GarageBand?
Is there an advantage using ASIO drivers compared to MME or DirectSound?
Is there any Windows, Mac, or Unix software similar to LSDJ for writing "chiptunes"?
USB Isolators to eliminate ground loop?
If we recorded tracks at 48khz, and are mixing through an analog console, is there any benefit to printing the mix in 96khz instead of 48khz?
Is there a gadget that would convert the stereo speaker output into Bluetooth?
TASCAM DR 100 & Apple Power Adapter
Field Recording Alone in Remote Areas
Script breakdown in a sound context
How can I make this sound with Sylenth1 or Massive? (FL STUDIO)
Compression and limiting for new -24lkfs standard?
Fading Out Best Practices
How is this high, overtone like voice effect done?
Why do studio monitors use analog cables instead of digital?
Safe to unpower audio amp?
What is a TRSF connector?
What's the vocal effect for the Vogons in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy radio series?
Remotely controlling a CD player
Is there a way to identify an audio file that is converted from lossy to lossless format (without hearing)?
Simple recording for live broadcast, crowd mics, compression configuration, etc
What vocal effects do these heavy metal bands use for live shows
What's that vocal effect? Or is it natural?
How do I isolate parts of a song according to pan position?
Solution for checking sound levels between recording sessions
Does software exist to measure the frequency response of a room?
Do vinyl records sound better than CDs?
Free batch conversion from FLAC to Apple Lossless (ALAC)?
What do various sounds look like on the wave spectrum
How should you set your instrument levels prior to recording?
Recording clear audio from an iPad in Audacity
Managing comments in Ableton Live
Assessing the reliability of using a laptop in a stage environment
Using Dualeyes to sync up dialogue
i need a singer simulator or virtual singer?
What kind of Mac to buy?
How are those drums on Lorde Royals made?
Doing a TV show, they have audio standards - mix strategy?
What concerns are there when converting 24bit 48khz to 16bit-44.1khz (CD quality)?
How to auto-tune without getting a metallic sound?
Selective amplification of a voice signal
Conect a microphone to a pc via wifi connection
how to get rid of a loud buzzing noise when I try to record?
First memory of manipulating sound?
Low impedance monitoring headphones that work with Mbox Mini
Where to request a female cover?
Audio pre-production
Volume boost from apps like Audacity VS Volume boost "through VLC playback"
Amateur home setup ideas?
Frequency response of ears when covered with hands
Glitching hihats of vst drum
Lightweight Portable Sound Recorder?
Distribution and deliverables
Convert mono output to stereo?
How to recreate this type of sound (Rave Stabs)
Seeking Middle Eastern Ambiances
Propellerheads Figure - Export includes fade out making it difficult to loop
how to remove Cloth Rustling?
What are the distorted sounds in 2 - 5 kHz range?
Does the UB1002 mixer allow for headphones with an impedance of 250ohm?
What's the best way to extend a 3.5mm shotgun mic?
Using filters on an 8 bit song has absolutely no effect after saving
Which gear to use to get dark and ambient techno / house sounds?
I want to learn how to make electronic music. Where do I start?
Prob with buzzing on zoom 4hn and ME66 powered with k6
How can I achieve the vocal affect found on "The Jokers" voice in the film "The Dark Knight" 2008
Overcoming periods of Creative Block
Trees being ripped from the ground
Is the FX send on a Behringer 1202 mixer mono or stereo
Audio Interface - How Many Inputs do I need?
Library/Big Marble staircase Room Tone
Amplitube VST won't respond to MIDI PC messages from Ableton Live
List of Pro Tools plug in suffixes
Distorted visual sound design
Organizing Nat sound in documentary film
Samples clipping in Ableton
Which free tools exists to create Chiptunes / 8-bit music on Mac OSX?
How to improve live sound within poor stage layout?
Acapella (vocals) samples
Connect 1/4 inch TRS to 1/8 inch stereo input on computer?
What is side chain compression?
Side chaining noise gate
Shield my amp from my cell phone?
Are there different versions of the Adam Sub8 Subwoofer?
Studio - Bass traps & Accoustic Panels - Is there a limit?
Sound proofing of studio equipment
Adding 'sparkle' to an a cappella choir recording
Are there any free reverse delay AU plugins
Behringer xenix 1202fx: delay audio output
What is the difference between Autotune and a Vocoder?
How to recognize if Auto-Tune has been used in a recording? Is it needed?
Medieval instruments samples
How to use CV Piano in FL Studio?
VST Plugins similar to Dblue Glitch?
How do you replace a broken volume pot?
What is Presence?
Which DSP / VST / AU / RTAS external units exists to offload audio processing from internal CPU?
How Do You Clean RCA Ports?
If I want to use a microphone with a portable mini amp, will a preamp/mixer significantly improve the sound quality? This is for small live gigs
Mixer built-in DSP effects vs software effects
VST plugin that hosts VST plugins
How to protect an amplifier from blowing an internal fuse
VST on Android or iPad
Simplest VST hosts?
How to create soundbanks or similar type of resources
Setup for live wedding performance
Freeware Virtual Instrument VSTi's
Scratchy volume pot
How to describe the bass tone/timbre heard in the examples?
Typical frequency bands for mixer low mid and high gains
Sine wave frequencies
Can I use the RCA cable to ground the turntable to the amplifier?
Appropriate Subwoofer Coverage
Audio resources for an amateur live-sound guy
Can I put a powered amp inside a water/air-tight enclosure?
Which Choir library would be recommended for film scoring, regardless of the price?
Managing comments in Ableton Live
VST plug-in bridge for Mac OS X
Rule of thumb for the level of pre-show music in a theatre?
Setting live levels without a proper monitor
Software solution for splicing in audio in real time
How to produce this lead electro house synth?
Whats the purpose behind the gain switch on some amps?
Amp is receiving radio signal?
Website for packaged audio performance virtual "devices"
How to achieve overcompressed sound?
Does anyone have any experience with available RTA software packages for live venue application?
Can the Thomann T.AMP E400 be bridged?
How to stream my band on uStream?
How is this technique called with ethernet cable to stage
Amplifier Circuitry
looking for adsr plugin (adsr)
Best vst for realistic violin articulations (disco)
What simple multi channel amp rack do you recommend?
Sound: What are the options for VST production
What does an active DI box offer that a passive doesn't?
VST .wav Player
Balanced/unbalanced audio and TS/TRS jack issue with mixer
Why are there headphones with frequencies beyond humans can hear?
Dumping ASIO channels to STDIO
If we recorded tracks at 48khz, and are mixing through an analog console, is there any benefit to printing the mix in 96khz instead of 48khz?
How to correct tempo of a draft song?
What is the difference between QX1622USB and QX1222USB
What is the difference between a 4-Bus and a 4/2 Bus mixer? What does the slash mean?
Do I need a DI BOX when sending signal from my sound card to a mix console?
How to check a Master Audio CD for Errors?
Do I need a DI BOX when sending signal from a mix console to another device?
Will live music damage hifi speakers (assuming compression, etc is used)
Digital Effects Unit
Removing subsonic frequencies when mastering
What hardware units should I have in my arsenal?
Pitch/chord tracking software (such as Melodyne)
How can I qualify differences between compressors?
Dynamic Processing Terminology
Speed & Pitch Shift calculation for cassette recorded at 9.5 cm/s
Connecting Turntable to Mic input to bypass preamp?
How does the group work on the Behringer X2442USB?
Editing/Mastering workflow for a podcast
Is TC Helicon VoiceLive 2 good in the studio for vocals?
Which distortion pedals have a strong low and low-mid frequency response?
Distortion on Digi PRE
Mixed performance from monitor headphones plugged into audio interface
Random crackling audio when recording through USB devices on 2013 iMac / Mavericks
2KM distance FM Transmitter?
Sound synthesis alternatives?
Volume loss upon exporting wav from Ableton Live
Recreate Wavestation Mini Lead
Sound design within a VFX workflow
Detect which digital audio files have vocals
Loop-able sounds created in Pro Tools?
Undestanding a recording studio configuration
Home studio set up ideas
How can I pick up very small sound with small budget?
Is bass boost harmful?
I'm going to get an IEM system but I need a mixer
Using my Cpu efficiently when using Fruity Loops
Fruity Loops: Alternate between the different layers in a pattern?
How can I prevent FL from echoing the notes I play in a MIDI keybord back to the keyboard?
Reasons to NOT use FLStudio as DAW
How do I convert FL Studio time (bar-step-tick) to real-world durations?
FL Studio: How can I change the instruments of an imported MIDI file?
Playlist and piano roll zoom in horizontally in FL Studio
How to recover audio from an incomplete or corrupted AAC/m4a file
Gorgon City - Ready for your love - FM Bass question!
Stereo mixing conventions for instruments recorded with more than 1 microphone?
Matching line in/line out levels
Where can I license sample libraries for a virtual iOS instrument?
Handle for Tascam DR-05 to absorb vibration in hand held recording scenarios
Damping factor formula
Do audio splitters reduce voltage
How can I configure a computer to take 1/4" or XLR input without it sounding like I'm using toasters as AV equipment?
How do I fix clipping distortion in my audio recording?
What causes the limitation on excessive analog signals vs. digital signals?
Can I import a loop into StudioTrack (iPad)
"Digitally Remastered" Vinyl albums
Digitizing Casette 4-Track Tapes via Behringer U-Control UCA 222
Old portastudio audio -- can bounced tracks be separated out?
Is there still any reliability gap between digital and analog mixers
Audio source to amplifier 20 meters away
What is the difference between TRS and XLR connectors?
Difference between 3.5mm and quarter inch plug?
Neutrik XLR 1/4" Combo Jacks and Phantom Power
Maximum length for an unbalanced cable?
Licensing to rebroadcast interviews on internet radio?
Is there ANY software that will play the lossless part of HD-AAC (aka MPEG-4 SLS)?
Program to decompress WaveZip on 64-bit
What formats and compression should I use for my audio library?
Help choosing audio rip format for longevity
What are the Concentric Ring Connectors On Wireless Capsules called?
Lossless convert WMA to WAV on a mac
Batch conversion of Sounds with Different Format to one Format, how?
What's the legality of official musics being remix by indie artists?
How to use the matrix on a SoundCraft Si Compact 32?
We just got done recording - our vocals could use some work - suggestions?
Reducing breath noise
How are vocals and other different tracks separated from a mix?
What is a "ducker"?
How important is "finding plugins"?
How do I produce this effect?
How to bounce with an external effect in Adobe Audition
How can I improve the tone quality of a clarinet track?
MAX/MSP vs Cubase
Furman Power Conditioners: Good/safe to use as a surge protector?
What is a balanced input / output?
Does Ableton live have a revert to last saved version feature?
Sample-accurate AIFF to WAV conversion on Mac OSX
Is there a losslessly compressed audio file?
Samples of single notes played on various instruments
Output ogg / FLAC from Adobe Audition
Thunderbolt-Firewire adapter: latency
M-Audio Ozonic and Windows 7 Laptop  (64bit) FireWire Woes
Firepod recording on a laptop that doesn't have a firewire port?
Is it safe to power audio devices on all at once with a single switch?
Best hardware / performance setup for softsynth storage and usage.
Tape for labeling gear with a marker?
What advantages does an MPC-style device have that are not offered by a DAW?
Phone coupler with excellent isolation
Is it safe to connect 2 players to a single pair of headphones using Y splitter?
Non-audio applications on performance OSX laptops
Using the Korg Krome Keyboard Workstation
Audio Music License for Online Radio Station
What is the procedure to check the rights over a song?
Are Barcodes Necessary for Soundscan Registration
Can I publish a DJ mix of current chart music online?
Rechargeable batteries for wireless mics?
handling m-audio mobilepre USB outputs in Apple logic
Placing Monitors On-Stage
Should I use compression in live settings?
Software for organising and naming an archive of sounds
Looking for a Sound Editor for Mac OSX
Can a broken jack produce out-of-phase sound?
Can I use front-ported monitors against a wall (or crowded desk) without problems?
KRK VXT6 monitors: How long between breaks?
Is there a limit to the visual editor in Izotope Iris?
How does the Audio Production community view presets?
How to create a classic ska sound?
Meaning of Feat. | Pres. | Vs. | &
What production tools should we look at for a weekly podcast
How do you handle performers that want to "fix it in the mix"?
Equalizer levels for minimal hearing loss
Which service can I use to upload and distribute audio interviews
Websites to find "stem" tracks from commercial music
Bluetooth or wifi line-in soundcard, android compatible?
How do I fix my keyboard pedal?
Pop Filter Repair
Smoothing transitions between sound clips
Removing tonality: antitune
Low Pass Filter?
How do self-proclaimed "Githubs of music" Splice and Blend compare?
Transcribing songs using just iPhone
Real time low-cut and noise reduction software
How do I 'drag' waves in Sound Forge?
How do software algorithms to calculate BPM usually work?
How do song recognition services (like Shazam) work?
Free, newbie-friendly tracker software?
How do you get a job in a recording studio?
Computer keyboard/mouse location
How do I line up multiple tracks to a 'master track' in Audition?
What constitutes a "musical" EQ?
How can I obtain ISRC Codes in US?
Which output level is 1:1 on Zoom H4n?
Any small bus-powered USB mixers on the market?
ADAT to USB interface
A USB device with 5 microphone inputs: Is that possible?
What is compression and why is it used?
Can I use a Shure UT2-TC transmitter with a ULXP4 receiver?
Are wireless speakers reliable?
Wireless MIDI piano keyboards
VST effects in Windows
Making retro game music creepy
Uses for Ring Mod
Which effects should I place on return tracks?
Demo samples of common effect presets
Any reason not to convert WAV to FLAC and save some disk space?
Audio switch with multiple 3.5mm input & outputs
Difference between microphone and line in inputs?
Replacement body-pack transmitter for Shure UT1 / UT4A
Acceptable hardware delay
Is there a sample player (vst) plugin which is able to adjust the sample playback tempo using MIDI time code?
Assessing volume and loudness for the sake of normalization without actually hearing the signal?
Amplify a person's voice in a phone record
Recognizing notes within sound?
What's the difference between a compressor and a maximizer?
Open-source alternatives for plug-ins.
Advice on how to structure audio recorded from travel for products / free podcasts
CD Ripping Metadata Software for SFX database
Can phasing occur with 2 seperate/unique instruments
Quantizing audio
Reducing latency on MIDI-over-USB Keyboard
How can I detect corrupt/incomplete MP3 files?
I have a M-Audio MobilePre. Do I need an additional DI unit to record bass guitar?
There is no Supervising Sound Editor?
New to mixing. Does everything go into one speaker?
Bring all recordings to the same level
A Study Into The Differences of Real-Time Surround Recording And Post-Production Mixing Process In Surround Sound Formats
Digital piano recording basics
What subjects would you like to see investigated and reported on in the world of sound for picture?
looking for a short film for a university project on sound design.
What is the lead synth in Lizardking's remake of Claustrophobia?
How to create ambient sound effects for video games?
How do I hear the metronome in my ears without the audience hearing it?
When does playing 320 Kbps MP3 instead of FLAC matter?
Understanding how to mix digital audio signals by multiplying with cosines and adding
How to find out if some sound recording is real or computer generated?
Mixing For DCP - Reels or Continuous?
Recommendation for a multichannel wireless mic system
REQUEST: Playful elephants
How effective are VSTs for expressive classical compositions?
sound designers: Expectation vs reality?
How can I remove scuffs from a vinyl record?
Completely cut frequencies below a certain threshold
Can I use a portable recorder with a dynamic mic? (Specifically, a ElectroVoice RE50N/D-B)
Feasible way to make an omnidirectional dynamic microphone portable?
Zoom H4N audio recorded on canon eos 6D directly
Having issues with a Pop and a Hiss
Acoustic foam orientation effectiveness when mounting directly to a furnace
Replacement mic for an AKG D202E1 for studio spoken word recording
Amateur voice recording for a game
Any tips at constructing a "Press Conference" ambient track?
Looping mp3 in Flash / Actionscript
What is the best way to record acoustic piano and vocals from home?
Transpose a track 6 octaves in Ableton Live in realtime
Sound Effects Editing Workflow in Logic
How to protect microphone in rain while recording frog calls?
Does Cubase always assume music is tuned in 440 for VariAudio (or other stuff)?
Crackling noise coming out the SM7B microphone
Recreating Deadmau5 Bass SYnth
MIDI input 3 second delay lag
How to choose a microphone for my requirements?
Layers of diagetic sound showing Temporal ambiguity in film
Tascam DR-100 MKII: Getting Noise on Some Recordings
How to find out the exact volume in decibels when playing music on a Mac?
Self-oscillating filter in NI Massive?
How to convert a stereo MP3 to mono MP3
String Quartet Synthesis: please point me towards a tool or tutorial
Is it better to record a vocal as close to raw as possible, or to compress, eq etc along the way into Pro Tools?
How short duration sound can a human hear?
Films that push the boundaries of Sound Design?
What time range is used for ADSR envelopes
text to speech natural voice
What audio codecs can I use when outputing to a DVD-Video?
How can I use a computer mic with my PA amplifier?
Batch split wave files from markers
Combining music prod, dialog editing, sfx and foley: what's everyone doing?
My songs lose quality on high volume
Does banana plug fit in "classic" speaker ports?
Equipment for speech recording with fairly high quality
Minimal home studio based on Focuserite Scarlett 6i6
pro tools surround panner
Recording with different sampling rate and audio (16/24 bit)
Convolution Reverbs
No inserts on mixer but need to use sonic exciter in the chain. How do I do it?
Effective way to reduce breathing in ADRs and Voiceovers!
Silence a small section of just one channel in a stereo recording (Audacity)
Lightning hit sounds with everyday objects?
Keyboard only routes to selected track in Logic
Recording a stethoscope
As a sound designer, how often and when do you decide "that doesn't need a sound"?
Interpreting sampling rate of mp3 files
Recording software that will record multitrack streams to different formats (live)
Can you great people help me create a certain bassline please ! Thanks in advance :
Applying a third party plugin preset to just the bridge section
How can configure Rekorbox so that it records the computed BPM in the MP3 ID3's BPM field?
Audio interface monitoring with 3.5mm cable and computer speakers
Futuristic cars
What impact does applying gain to a digital audio signal have on playback?
What is Abstract Sound Design?
I need help creating a ringing sound, as heard in this link
Using Max/MSP to interpret real-time data sets from the web
Books about the Sound Industry_ how it works
Exporting from ogg to mp3 has poor quality
What are some tips and techniques on recording paper, pencil, chalkboard and other often harsh sounding foley?
Finding what's common between two tracks
Backing up DVDs on computer and change the audio tracks from 192 to 384 kbps
Bird flapping/flying away sound effect?
What is this instrument?
Can sample-based virtual instruments and an excellent digital piano recreate tone color?
Performing multiple AudioSuite operations sequentially in OS X
What's the standard RMS and peak level for ringtones?
How to emulate Pan using SOX
truncating silent parts of dialogue
How can I manage communication and time for Social/Mobile Game Sound Design?
Ambiences - MKH418S / Sony ECM MS5 / Rode NT4 (x/y)
DIY Portable Anechoic Chamber
New auditorium construction-- where is the 100% perfect place for sound?
High-end small mics (lavalier/headset) vocal capture quality
In what scenarios would you use OSC over MIDI?
Pure Data Abstractions seem to be interfering with each other
Dialog muted on several Cellphone
Fmod sound design
Electronic Music Production Help
Multiple IEM mixes / multiple transmitters?
Found sound sampling
What are good amplification methods for percussive fingerstyle (on an acoustic guitar)?
Pro Tools / show all written automation
Lightweight Quality Field recording package?
Best examples of transitioning between non-diegetic to diegetic
How to separate in-ear monitor mix from audience mix?
Foley Metal Footsteps
How to know best fit output quality for transcoding?
Matching ADR with original Dialogue
How can I simulate the microphone response of a bullet's reflected shockwave?
when going nearly the speed of sound how fast does sound seem to go?
Role of surface in sound recording
How can I record using two USB microphones at same time?
Bad to connect a different speaker in each channel of a stereo amp?
XLR output vs. 1/4 inch (6.3 mm) output - Which one is better for recording?
Spatialisation/diffusion of sound across 24 channels
Creating distorted/dark/disturbing samples on stage
Sound sync problem
Professional looking for a post graduate course in sound design for film
What's the shortest sound perceptible to the human ear?
From mp3 to wav and back to mp3. What's the best method for loosing the less quality possible?
Testing for where noise is produced
How is Audio Compression possible (file size)
How to use sample as an instrument?
How to provide power to a lavalier microphone?
Downmixing audio on command line
Good, Cheap (!), Microphone for Recording Speech
Any free software to make speech sound different without making it "robotic"?
mixing a project in ProTools with automation is it possible to suspend the automation during playback as if it was automated turned on/off
Which of the two audio interfaces (M-Audio M-Track plus and Focusrite Scarlett 2i2) should I go for to record violin?
Where to find gusty wind recordings
Which virtual instruments can be used for sfx?
How would you modify a voice such that it sounds like a parrot?
Jump in Sound Design
FLAC mastering best practices
What are some techniques to make MIDI string instruments sound more realistic?
Good Microphone to record engine sound (cars and bikes) on track
No sound in VST & Audio (Cubase LE 5)
Is there a minimum repeating length of noise that we stop perceiving as repetitive?
What sampling rate and bit depth would be necessary to make a digital recording indistinguishable from the original?
Rechargeable Batteries
What are the steps for basic cleanup on a simple mono voice track?
We are putting speakers in the trees in parks and need some design suggestions for systems
Connecting multiple speakers to a stereo amplifier?
How to record an 'even' bass
Bettering the sound of a webcam recording - is it possible?
Interference caused by a mixer?
FLStudio closes VST when you open another instrument of the same VST
Balanced line level to balanced mic level
How to increase recorded audio quality using audacity?
Mouth noises: removal by hand or izotope 3 declicker?
Dual channel wireless microphone
How to repair over de-eased dialogue?
How to automatically tag all samples in folder (Maschine)?
An effective technique for ducking in Sony Vegas?
Where can I find "cosmic" sounds like on the show Cosmos?
Ableton: Understanding Analog's "Uni"
Silenced gun sound
Studio Flooring - The Great Debate
Directly altering/editing a sound file
What do I lose when reducing bit depth?
Help setting up mixer and headphone amp
Can I daisy chain a microkorg with a midi controller keyboard?
Mix Up or Mix Down?
what part of the FFT array must be zeroed to create a piece of silence
Where to study advanced sound design? More inside
Pro Tools Removing Sound After Bouncing To Quicktime Movie
44.1 vs 48 kHz for talk?
Recreating a synthesizer
Wind noise in Fl Studio
What techniques are being used here? // Commercial Sound Design
How to make a lead similar to a circular saw
Harry Potter Patronus Sound Effect
How do you describe a sound, and is there a systematical categorized index of sounds?
What is difference between DTS MDA and Dolby Atmos?
Collaborative Sound design via Screen sharing! Which tools do I need?
I'm getting a no source input command on my logic 9
How To Make Cicada Sound
Using radio mics with SQN mixer
Can I assign the left side of a stereo channel to both subgroups in a stereo set and assign it stereo in a different set?
Creating the SSB untuned radio effect
How do you eliminate or lessen feedback?
Real Time Control with Envelope
Frequency-varying waveform
Generate sound file from Db or SPL graph
What is the typical attack time range of wind brass instruments?
Feedback on my Music Video Without Music
What is the most efficient method to fix different parts of a sound file (speaking)?
Sending bwav metadata/description to an external colleague
restoring old record tape record with dying batteries
Can a software generate a "midi" track from a song of musical notes of different instruments thanks to some filters?
Izotope RX3 Workflow to improve audio quality
What are the correct audio levels for Voice and Music in a web promo video?
What are the correct audio levels for Voice and Music in a web promo video?
How to tag the sound segments in Audacity
How to avoid self boring when programming patches
Sound Design Etiquette?
Using External Mics with the Tascam DR-40
Trouble with Microphone levels
Recording a group of people
Field mixing Boom and Lav mic
Is there a way to distinguish stereo from binaural signals (algorithmically)?
How to record from keyboard to laptop?
Natural morph between 2 voices
Where to find a soccer only SFX library
Sequence inserts/plugins for voice
Make speech appear equally loud on different tracks and parts of tracks
Why are they called DX, FX, MX?
What degree should I go for?
Change tempo of entire project in logic, and stretch audio to fit the new tempo
Mixing Water / Water Fall BG's
recommended Foley artist/studios for basic micro budget full length film?
Recordings the Americas by motorcycle
Why do DAC/ADC and sound interfaces so often have the same number of Inputs and Outputs?
Looking for inspiration to create a "swarm sound"
editing foleys - taking care of perspective and distance
Recording MIDI from electronic drums
Altering perception of a character with sound deisgn
Sterling ST55 vs. Sterling ST59
What is the professional approach to organizing the recording of a full album in Logic?
Weird popping artifacts in audacity
Running balanced audio over CAT6?
Are there established EQ settings to increase concentration?
Drone technique
Monster Vox. Retaining High End
iZotope RX2: limiting the noise profile bandwidth
Is there any reason that AudioEase couldn't make an IR from the Tenman Horn?
Industrial or Odd Percussion Creation
Live vocal effect, dynamic dependant. delay & reverb
Basic Ultra Low Budget Audio Equipment for Video
Fixing FM8 to a given pitch OR filter MIDI notes and transpose to a given value
How do I run this setup?
Field Recording with SD-744t - Do I need a mixer?
Tascam DR-40 and DR-100MKII - Record into multiple files
Violin melody (Vicetone-Tremble)
Mavericks and pro tools 9
iPhone application for making notes about sound script when on location
Rode VideoMic upgrade
Batch convert the bit depth of several audio files from 32 to 16
Minority Report Sonic Gun
Turning a stereo track that peaks in one channel, into a mono track that doesn't (Adobe Audition)
Missing parameters in my rack Ableton Live
Origin of the traditional Hollywood silencer sound?
Logic Pro X Automation from Midi file cannot be undone
International mixes
Naiant X-X omni miniature mics
Finding Sound Recordists interested in collecting unique gunshots
Sound Design depicting mental illness in film
African American Walla
Looping Gun Sounds Quantization
Compact high quality sound effects / ambience recording rig
Used Gear / recorders - When is "too old"?
Reducing Noise in Feynman Lectures
Name this sound effect
Can anyone offer examples of valid BWF files for study?
Latency in plugin while recording MIDI
USB input high-pitched whine
How do you make this synth sound?
Fitting a Yamaha DB50XG to a Korg NS5R?
Prolems with mxl 770
Video game music setup
Sew a dead cat from fake fur
Cutting diegetic SFX for 5.1 -- C or LR? (mono / stereo)
How was this snare made?
Does converting an mp3 format audio file to m4a format makes audio quality better?
Stereo Hydrophone Technique
Looking for an email or contact for the Sound Collectors Club
VST alternative for TSE x30 Default Settings
Reverb bus workflow for features (and bouncing DX+M&E)
Slowly pitch down/up a sound
How can I use the output of a wireless mic reciever as a wireless monitor and get audio on both sides of my headphones?
If studio monitors have flat response, what makes some better than others?
MIDI vs USB keyboard controllers
Mic-ing cars without capturing Dialogue
How can I hear the sound during recording with a simple DSLR?
hum noise when recording
Sound Devices 633 or Sony PCM-D100
Connect powered speakers to powered mixer?
What does warm mean?
is knowledge in computer science and/or electrical engineering beneficial to audio production?
5.1 channel order for home theaters, computer, and cinema
Should I offline convert my samples to 32-bit floating point?
Medieval skirmish loops
Sine wave making no sound
How to create a transparent multiband splitter?
What is a "violator"?
How to filter guitar sound to create a backing track
Annoying problem with the microphone when muted
A microphone for video streaming from a tennis court
What is the audio equivalent of a pixel?
5.1 to Stereo, Making an AC3
5.1 DVD Audio Formats
How does a DCP work?
Serial Sound Design?
Are any special steps needed to combine two or more audio files without quality loss?
Cover an unplugged audio cord so it doesn't create a hum
Design parameters for combo organs
Verification of upsampled audio file
Bud Spencer Terrence Hill - Hits Sound Design
Pro Tools 9 on Mac OS X 10.9.4 (Mavericks)
Fun with broken fluorescent lights
How to build a 3.5mm jack distributor
Mastering : 41000Hz or 96000Hz?
How to Foley bicycle?
What is the 'phenomenon' happening when two identical digital sounds are played nearly at the same time?
Stereo Width in Oktava M/S recordings
Doing the best possible Job in a situation that demands ADR
Home recording / talent?
Don't get mad, but do I NEED a sound mixer on my film shoot?
Mic recommendations for high frequency capture that will be slowed
Qualities of headset microphone for singing
Is multi-threading important for DAWs?
Tools For Making Sample Libraries?
Best quality encoding when exporting "8-bit 8kHz Mono WAV" sample in Audacity?
Recommended sound effects library for designing system sounds?
Using basic EQs to correct for uneven mike response
Help with connecting my gear
How To Create a Net Launcher Sound
How to visualize alarm sound
Hitting a leq(m) spec
Recording multi channel / track - SoundCraft Si Compact 24
how to manually make sound of 7 mirrors breaking
Help identifying source of unwanted noise
sound device bag back support
Managing dozens of wireless stage mics
Considerations for moving monitor mixes to the stage
How to handle conversion of 32728 Hz for playback on common software/devices?
How do I make this guitar sound?
Ableton Live 8 Sample Timing
The New MAC Pro and Protools
Make a PureData Sine Wave Synth that is audible from C0 - G10
How to export/save edited samples from Reason's NN-XT?
How to add amount control to amplitude modulation?
Why does the internet sound like a sine wave
Which cable should be used in paired AUX sends and return on mixer?
What constitutes 'high-quality' audio?
Are there any online courses/resources to help you start making Electronic Music with a PC/Mac?
Is it recommended to record a whole album with an iPad only?
EQ'ing ADR to match Dialogue
44kHz vs 48kHz for music playback
Cable remote control for Olympus Audio Recorders possible?
How does audacity play text
Does sound quality increase if you play a video in High Definition?
Any tips for close miking SFX and getting good transient responses?
Effects: On "insert" or "on-line"
Is it possible to remove the Pro Tools Unique ID from an audio file?
What is the size and name of mic input nut?
Tuning out from world sound design
How would one "morph" human vocals with a bat scream?
Replicating "computer readout" sound
How to make a good Pitch Pipe Sound in Pure Data
School class recording
Why signal is overloaded when I use a low cut filter?
How lossless is my lossless music?
Exporting audio in Nuendo five
Foley: a rolling rock
Multichannel soundeffects / different perspectives
The relevance of 5.1 ambiences
Automatically Removing Duplicate Files in SoundMiner
How can more than one input trigger an operation in Pure Data?
Electronic Mic for very loud sounds
Designing household sounds using a synth
How do I know if I need a microphone preamp?
how to make the sound of a metallic spring
How can I make the sound of fly or mosquito?
Leaving mic & preamp on for extended periods of time - problematic?
How does digital audio data capture 'texture'? (And not only pitch and volume)
How to connect my iPad Air and my Yamaha CP4 Stage Piano?
Outdoor recording with TLM 103 microphones
Why does changing the sampling rate, cange the sound of the tone? (Not pitch)
Mobile application to turn smartphone into wireless microphone
kontakt exchange for post audio
Need hand-held recorder and mic for use in old courtrooms
Can a digital sound wave take any shape?
Sound Recording Noise in Different Places
Sixties' sound mixing
audio interface to add additional outputs to computer for Skype and teamspeak
How to Synthesize a Cello Sound in Pure Data
Is there a way to crossfade multiple clips of one track in one click with Adobe Audition?
Why do we need power amplifier with hundred watts of power?
Good Drama Films/TV for Sound Design?
cheap hand held sound meter vs smartphone app
How to create rolling lfo effect
Compressor Questions and Making a 5.1 Mix with 95% in Stereo?
Regular collaboration with a post studio: how much should I charge and how? UK rates
Synthesizing distorted guitar from MIDI
How can I prevent feedback when using wireless mics in a Theater in the Round?
How can I get my direct input monitoring louder?
Monitors with a narrow directional coverage angle, do they exist?
How do I get into sound design?
help with a string like no other
Microphone becomes inactive when I open a new project in cubase
unsymmetrical pitch change
Best cheap mic for personal use into computer
Rockwood NY6510 cabinet design and online calculator
Using Pro Tools for spoken word
obviate extreme gain noise
Save resulting audio in Patchwork Synth
Singer having issues with too much feedback and or being not heard well over very loud band in small rehearsal spaces
Using a crossfader in a passive circuit
How can I blend a voice recording more in with an instrumental track in Adobe Audition?
Do M-Audio MIDI controllers (Axiom, Oxygen, etc.) work with OS X Yosemite?
What gear is necessary to start vocal recording?
Group conference call, struggling with audio. Better mic suggestions? Multiple mics?
Blue Yeti Humming sound
Production Dialogue -- point at face or chest?
Type of hard disk for mixing?
What websites/forums should I go to for critique?
Time code audio tracks in DAW?
Recording multiple tracks with a analog mixer
Good Outdoor GunTails libraries for Convolution use
Minimal length required for a human to register a sound
Please recommend movie titles
Sounds design with video seq and DAW
Assigning a numerical value to clarity
New to recording. Would like to make tutorials with recorded speech. Would like recommendations
Increase volume of sound without introducing noise
Change organ registration in middle of piece in Logic Pro X
FL Studio strange wobbly sound
Best sound to use for ringtone
Is mains conditioning necessary to protect equipment?
sound design for a quiet room
Keeping or altering walla in M&E´s
Mouth and nose noises on M&E´s: helps or harms?
Is less compression better?
Microphone for six year old
Drum shielding: Budget solution for back screen -- what materials will absorb high frequency well and are cheap?
How can wav sample formats be predicted?
Choosing a balance between soundtrack and voice
LAME bitrate and lowpass filters
Other than buffer size and sample rate, which other variants (hardware and/or software) play a role in latency?
How long is too long for a library ambience?
Water resistance microphone for an outdoor kiosk
Someone being pulled from a shallow pit
Reaktor tutorials/book recommendations?
Multiple audio sources to monitoring speakers
Why would I get background noise but only in the negative cycles? (on CAD U1 USB mic)
fake rainfall in a stage setting
Correct film crediting
Miking an upright bass
Eye gouging noise
Zoom H2 - blank screen
Is it normal to get this much background noise (no ambient noise) when recording to a PC?
Making a "Gears turning" Effect, and then grinding to a halt
New sound designer/field recordist heading out on US tour. Any suggestions?
Tips for Mastering my Track in Ableton Live
Recording electric guitar with+without effects
podcast with multiple mics, linux os: should i run the mics through an audio interface/mixer or connect both to pc using virtual audio cable?
Free tools for normalizing the volume within a single track
Ableton Mastering: Is It Recommended That I Use Maximizers/Limiters Before Everything Else?
How do i create a Godzilla style roar and some giant sounding footsteps?
how do I make my voice higher without becoming a chipmunk?
Removing pop sounds and heavy breathing from male voice
What are the benefits of using ASIO (Audio Interface)?
Identify classical instrument in "Code Geass" Anime episode
Adobe Audition CS6 turning off playback while recording
Guitar amp sound distorted when miked up
Amazon Echo - Woofer above Tweeter in Speakers
Beamforming microphones to isolate individual performers in a group
Make the sound of gears grinding to a halt?
Solving strange effects in audio waveforms
Replacement for Sony PCM D50?
Sound changes pitch upon converting and playback
Condensor Microphones diaphrams facing each other
Extend pen drawing sound from 1s to 2.5s
How to dress when recording Foleys?
Best Mic for baritone vocals?
What is the difference between XLR and JACK out?
How to make the "Trumpet" lead in this track?
Looking for sound effects of old vintage cars, circa 1950's to 1960's
Designing earcons for the web - mainly notifications
Input Distortion on Zoom H4N
Is there a standard panning compromise?
Sound Psychology an explanation
What EQ's have an octave notch?
pro tools auto generated regions
Pre-amp/Mixer or USB Interface for vocals?
How can I make a sub bass that can be heard (at least a bit) on even on crappy systems?
Removing Vocals: Logic Pro X
Does the shape of an acoustic/vocal booth matter for maximum isolation?
creating your sound workshop
Will Pro Tools remember the pan automation, if
What is the "level" of Frequency Modulation of many synthesizers?
Solo Audio Track with DIfferent meter reading from Master?
can you power the speakers through the same 3.5mm jack that you use to send sound to the speakers?
How to connect 1/4" audio jacks to my current setup
Identification of VOX/ADPCM-like format needed
Using balanced audio to feed stereo monitor input with in ear monitoring?
Is there sound quality loss in 6mm to 3.5mm TRS adapter?
Recipe for producing a sub bass that is both loud and rattles shelves?
Getting a sub bass and a 808 kick to play well together?
New venue, new live sound requirements
Given multiple audio files, can I extract background music that has different sound effects over it?
Distort voice with free software?
48kHz vs 44.1 kHz
Stereo wavs unwantedly combined to polyphonic wav
Audacity records only 1 channel, inspite of being set to stereo
*newbie alert* looking for a good course to start learning sound design
Are there any resources where I might be able to find post sound DAW screenshots for well known film and tv content?
Can I use the sync voltage, OR the audio output from a Korg Volca to control a Moog Little Phatty CV input?
How to use signal from one midi track to transpose another midi track in Reaper?
What can I research to back up my sound design?
Stealth Recording in Airports
Why do mp3 have sample rate?
How to mic a sleeping baby's breathing?
Remove irritating low hum from recording
Can I use an AKG WMS40 wireless system to transmit a signal coming from a headphone jack?
Where can I find a 3.5mm female receiver?
Designing the sound of cities in a positive way. Any Ideas?
Recording video on external camera/device, and syncing with Pro Tools
Slot Machine Synth Tone
What sound level units range from -1 to 1?
MIDI bytes and their MSB
best quality of recording synthesizer
I want to know how to shout into my mic without distortion
Record Sound from Directional Speakers
How much of an effect does gain structure have on feedback?
Acapella for a remix - Warp or chop?
Creating walla from dialogue
2 khz noise in neighborhood
Is it safe to use a stereo cable to carry dual mono audio?
Sound Synthesis from object collision in Virtual Reality Environment
Wobbly sound FL Studio
Getting back into composing. What should I look for in an audio interface to connect my monitors to my PC/ laptop?
Will my film mixed in stereo 2.0 play in Dolby 5.1/ 7.0 theater?
Am I missing something about how to turn on my new (used) H4n?
How do speakers which are silent from the back work?
Need help cleaning, and editing sound effects using multiple mics
SD 702 or Mixpre-D field recording upgrade path
Determining the consistency of the BPM of a track
Compressor vs Volume
Deadlines of Post-Production
Recreating a voice using a Vocodor
Why do we need ground connection on balanced cable?
I can't hear 18k in Audio Technica ATH-M50x headphones. Why?
Multiplying a single sound effect
Voice editing for anime video games
Volume treatment in WAV (PCM) file
Synth levels too low in mixdown (Ableton DNB)
sound design a scene where different radio programs playing at same time
What are the sources of signal loss in cables and their connections?
Recording multiple songs that share channel settings and characteristics
Capture sound waves
How would you recreate this bass kick sound?
Headphones vibrate annoyingly with bass?
Resonator guitar pickup
What is the best shape for passive sound amplification
Why is my mix sounding dull and amateurish?
Mixing a patterrned, complicated sound, without separating its components
Highlight peaking parts on a waveform?
How to stop USB Audio Interface distorting sound in Ubuntu?
How to get AUX send mono signal converted to stereo?
Relevance of digital recording and mixing techniques to analogue equipment
WHat hi hat is it?
How do you get "midi through" to work on Focusrite USB interface with Reaper?
WAV file recorded with wrong header
Is there anyway to change the tempo in Logic Pro X?
Environments / DAWs for writing scripts to process audio files
Combine two mono mics into one stereo signal, such that each mic gets its own channel (left and right)
Track Configuration Pane in Cubase is GONE
Best free online Pro Tools beginner tutorials
How to join two sound interfaces?
How can I have get rid of having delay while recording?
Program for mixing multiple inputs and outputting to single stream
AC3 stereo fold down
Why is a pop filter necessary?
Is the Pro Tools Field Recorder Track feature only available in HD versions?
How can I reproduce a similar synth sound as in "Netzwerk" (Klangkarussell)?
What is the Sampling + license?
How do I properly test an analogue desk?
Creating noise using signal to noise ratio
Pro tools 10 crossfade shortcut
Will audio interfaces power most or all headphones?
Troubleshooting amp clicking and muting the speakers
Help on programming this synthesizer sound?
How to connect my guitar to my pc for under £20?
Making dialog appear "distant"
5 loudest and 5 softest points in an audio file
How can I make 3D binaural sound in an automated way?
How to go about synthesising this type of sound?
Do studio monitors need an audio interface?
Sound Design for Games
How to find non-audible ("subliminal") messages by using Audacity?
Does a Headphone Amp Increase Output Volume?
How can I find the audible difference between a flac audio and it's corresponding mp3 file
Why does public speaking setup often include multiple microphones?
Multi core batch volume gain
Conveying Emotion in Non-audible and audible sounds
Speakers hissing, even when no audio cable plugged in
What is the name for an audio splitter that mutes one output if the other is connected?
FL studio route one mixer track to another
Sound Design: Elevator
In Logic Pro X is there a way to split the output of an audio track to two tracks (live)?
Most Reliable Audio Gear Resources?
Replicating a fat, clicky electric-bass
problems with Tascam DR-680 freezing up
Wobbly synth sound
Sound Design: How would you create this pluck?
Mixing for Cinema in Home Studio
behringer xenyx 302usb with C1, volume is too low
Sound Devices 744t - Preamp / Self noise or Mic?
Distort 70s b-movie tracks to make it sound as a movie that has been laying around for too long or been played too often
Name and examples for the tinnitus effect after explosions in films
Rendering Microsoft wavetable output with Reaper
ASIO driver not producing sound (cant figure this out, plz help)
Add white noise to silence
Convert SFZ to SF2 soundfonts via command line
Pro Tools and playback
How to do frequency or spectral subtraction of two audio tracks?
Beat detection and alignment
URGENT sound of wrinkled audio tape interrupting playback
How can I make a sound appear to come from a direction?
Filter Reverb and Echo at the time of recording in Audacity or any other software
Need some advice, first time project
Tools, tips, tricks to avoid that "Machine gun" effect when designing sounds
File format and settings for speech recording with small file size and keeping a decent quality
How to generate a 1 minute long mp3 file with a bump of frequency change in 5s?
having an issue in unity3d (free version) where an audio source is not being affected by reverb zones.. reverb bypass is disabled.. anyone?
Quality issues recording with Audacity
How to record on a smartphone using XLR mic and guitar simultaneously?
Audio lags / drop-outs across the whole system (Windows 7 SP1)
Are there any simple VST hosts that accept Open Sound Control?
How can I get stereo input to my video camera from mono source?
Plug in suggestion
How to export MIDI with foot controller in Acid Pro 7
Recording room ambience
Festival requests DCP with mix level changes
Can you help deconstruct this SFX?
Questions asked during video game job interviews?
can you help me identify the vintage synths used in this opening of the pilot episode of Dino Riders
Any documentary films on Sound Design in Film?
Permission and Legality for using others' sound design videos on my website
Windows (freeware) audio plugin framework?
How to record Reason5 output
Does professional quality stereo to mono conversion require a special adapter
Sending word clock to camera from sound device 722
Low ambient noise in silent sections
Finding loud events in lengthy ambient recording?
What's the difference of frequency sets for 10 band equalizers?
Weird noises coming from EVERYWHERE
Why Are Professional Sound Libraries So Noisy?
Audio interface or Mixer with built-in audio interface?
How can I make the nastiest fingernails-on-blackboard type sound (not electronic)?
How to make a exponential fade that doesn't start from 0 db
Transcoding detection
Is it legal to record my school band concert and give the attendees CDs?
Microphone isn't picked up!
How would you recreate this ascending sound effect?
The absolutely simplest music production software for a complete beginner
Using blue tooth or wireless wifi to send audio to camera from recorder
What is the relationship between a speaker's magnet size the speaker's wattage rating?
Passive Speakers connected to a mixer
Maximum frequency of monaural beat frequency?
Reducing noise and crackling from wires
How can I stop slicex from taking out the channel settings?
Is there a way to copy my panning pattern from one audio file to another?
A condenser mic gain tuning on a mixer
Piano vibration recording
When to apply noise reduction? Before or after other processing?
Splitting up multiple inputs on one soundcard
Modding a Zoom H5 and its Shotgun Mic: possible?
Wav file matching
JJJJJOOOP.. sound
Tips on creating synthesized sounds? (Examples included)
How to make back vocals sound more powerful and deep?
Mix sounds terrible in PC, while it actually sounded good with headphones in other devices
standing waves in strings
The ways to improve a piano recording production
Can't hear any sound after I plugged my preamp properly
Gunshot Sound Design
Sound Design: any sound effects library with rolling ball bearing sounds?
Panasonic WM-61a or other DIY solution for recording human voice?
DIY solution for recording breathing sounds?
Are flat-eq monitors actually necessary?
Difference between Soundminer HD and V4
What essentials are needed to have a small bedroom studio to make music?
Can our website automatically apply background music to a recording made via the site?
Pulse wave duty cycle
Laptop audio out to mixing board 30' away
seeking prison fx and ambience libraries
Recording slamming doors?
I'm looking for: Theatrical sound design theory
How do I find the common audio between mp3 audio tracks?
Recording clean sounds as a base for SFX
Room Frequency Hum
Using Mac/PC as an amp modeler and recorder
What audio interface is this?
Approximate the Sound Forge "RMS Normalize" function using Sox?
Calculating compression output with a knee
How to make a powering up shield sound
Why are these two recordings of the same event slightly different in length and how do I synchronize them?
How do I connect Zoom recorder to Yamaha mixer?
Difference between internal sound card and Audio interface in simple setups
How do you keep a tracklay session tidy?
Impedance for amp and speaker combo
How did the band America get the distortion for the guitar solo in Sandman?
Does iRig work with old Mac Air 2008 with OS X 10.6.8?
Deep house mid range type of pads
Question about "Gain Control" when using field mixer on recording dialogue
How to send different mix to 3 seperate headphones?
Converting Protools 10 to Protools 9 without losing anything
Each instrument in its own track - format and online resources?
Dialogue Record with Zoom H4N and 2 Shotgun
Wacom Tablet or Lemur (ipad) for sound design
Wind damaging microphones
Can noise be reduced by 7 decibels with a curtain?
Jam syncing TC from SD 744T to the Arri Alexa
What type of filter is the "French Low Pass Filter"?
Getting arrangable bars out of bad drum timing in pro tools
What audio usb interface do I need to play guitar pro with guitar rig?
Hook up home theatre subwoofer to Cubase Elements 7 / Saffire Pro 40 rig?
Audacity causing unwanted artifacts for high frequency sounds
How important is perspective for FX recording
Low electronic noise in my audio
Light up Cicigarette/Cigar sfx
Editing field recordings
Convert wav with multiple data chunk to single data chunk
How to physically feel audio
Building a modern radio studio
midi problems audio/midi interface
Anybody know software to record one side of a SIP telephone conversation?
how to use 2 shotgun mics for videocam with external mic input
Izotope RX and Pro Tools : Audio Device Error
Feedback loop frequency
Kontakt player not available as a Pro Tools 11 plugin
best settings to record indoor interview using Zoom H5 recorder and 2 external mics
Making R2D2 sounds with Korg iMS20 or Korg DS10
Son wants to major in Sound Design
How can I salvage a live recording taken with an intermittent microphone?
24 bit vs 16 bit for midi samples
Beginner Recorder with onboard mics for on location/foley recording
Is there any difference over using an optical jack over RCA in a 2.1 set?
Line Level vs Mic Level?
Is "level" control amplifying or attenuating?
How can I automatically turn off track monitoring during playback?
Could wind damage electret condensor mics?
None of my recent synths (2000 onwards) have MIDI Thru. Why?
Basic all digital mixing and audio interface home recording solution
Foucsrite Scarlett 2i2 and Windows 7
Why aren't all-pass filters used for rinnging out mics?
Why does Zoom H4N insist that the card is full?
Sound effect to end a music track on a TV promo?
Is it possible to create a "Vocal Pad" with just synthesizers?
Blue Yeti USB microphone - frying mosquitoes noise
using many USB inputs
Location Recording Use USB Audio Interface and DAW
Is it possible to import Ableton Live's sound libraries into Logic Pro?
Sound Design: Creating Painful Headaches
Convert FL Studio time to just Ticks
Amplifier output doubt
HEADPHONES choice - Audio Technica M40x vs Senheiser HD 558 vs Sony MDR-7506
Disable alt+mouse zoom in Logic?
Sony PCM-M10 for ambient recording while WALKING
Sony PCM-M10: safety track?
Do we need any driver to connect microphone to laptop or android phone using xlr to usb connector?
What type of mics for recording foley?
FMOD Studio/Wwise vs Unity 5/UE4 Audio?
Lightweight stand for portable recorder
How to restrict the dynamic range of a vocal without thickening it?
Noise Reduction when recording changes volume
How can i prevent/reduce bass trapping?
How To: Record Foliage/Trees
Sound Effect made on vocal and guitar
Is there a way to connect a FireWire audio interface to a USB port?
Looking for a compact light-weight Mono power amplifier
Effects in Adobe Audition to make a voice sound like it's coming from inside a body / in your head
Sound Design Journals on genre
Can I edit sound as fourier transformations?
Why some people high pass and low pass in final mixing? And why some don't?
Line in 5/6 sounds awful
pro tools midi controller vertical edit window scrolling
Demo Reel feedback for student
Is there a restart via gate type option in FM8?
Synthesize droning strings
How do I combine several instruments into one Line In, in live performance?
How to wire a mono signal to a stereo jack so both channels are the same
How to hook up my Win XP laptop (w/ Audacity) to a cafe's Mackie 1604 soundboard? How to record individual tracks through it?
Newbie and don't know where to start with FL Studio
Help making this cool guitar sort of lead
How can I change the sound keeping the arpeggio in cubase?
How do you work around Izotope Iris losing it's midi controller assignments?
How can I make 3d sound
Is there a name for the trailing "hiss" sound that people produce when pronoucing plurals?
How do you identify clicks and pops in a spectral analysis?
logic midi note duplication and mapping between tracks in logic pro x
VST Plugins for creating MIDI Notes (Ableton)
Roland E-16 Midi Out
Game commentating with two microphone headsets
Best Way Add Dynamics to Sustained MIDI Note
Mixing 5.1 sound for film
Connect two separate Surround Sound Speakers with one Laptop
How is this mix so clean?
Can you force a mic/input to be one channel on Mac OS?
Conceptualising sound FX for a short film that has a gaming vibe.
Is anyone using an iPhone/Pad/Pod to record from a MixPre-D's USB output?
How to reproduce a guitar sound
What hardware do I need to feed samples + click to a drummer and samples only to the mixer?
What is a 'noise sweep'?
Will multiple similar wireless devices interfere with each other?
What's audio equivalent of FPS in video, and what's the current limit of capturing the maximum?
What do you use for passbys?
How to route signal to another application from a Sapphire Pro 24
Where would midi cables connect FROM 2 synth wk stations into an interface
Does anybody know this voice effect?
'Tripwire' sound design
Copy metadata description field from soundminer to BWAV
How do expensive headphones compare to cheaper ones?
creating a deep voice with a sample
How to sample songs in my headphones without it playing through speakers/monitors?
How to setup microphone with pre-amp for general purpose PC input use as well as audio recording?
Room tone/Ambience/Atmosphere loudness question
flstudio reduce chord length
How does A/B montage works?
Recordings less than 4 seconds long are "ignored" in Pro Tools
How can I fix/reset my MIDI setup?
Why is loudness war and mp3 bad?
Are drums often quantized in modern jazz recordings?
How is this sound created?
Need software-based, resonant filter for 90's ROMpler
Storing ambiences in to a post-prodution house library
Is there such a thing as Balanced stereo cable?
Designing the sound of a 20" *ahem*... "Member"
Creating percussion from found sounds?
Wave synthesizer software
Compress more than once? (VO multi-mix)
Topics to be covered in a sound design video tutorial?
How can I control the patch in cubase 5?
Using an unpowered microphone on a mixer board?
How to shift frequency of whole audio file?
How to achieve 180 degree dispersion from one speaker cluster?(live pa)
Scales vs. Harmonic Notes
How do you produce an immersive soundtrack?
how to rip your own acapella
Disable Audition playhead "Follow Song"
Recording ZipLine Sounds (Any Advice)
Vertically shifted waveform
Real-world use of analogue mixing and digital recording equipment combined
Preamp for Sony ECM MS907 mic
What kind of microphone can I use measure Head Related Transfer Functions?
Impulse Sweep and Phase
Spontaneous video interviews in crowded convention center w/o lav
Two plug-in power mics and a y adapter
Strange amp buzz
Any Good Ideas With Karplus Strong
Plugging in and removing XLR mics while device is on
Is it possible to mix MP3 Files into an audio mix a long mp3 without degredation?
high voltage/arc/tesla sfx texture
converting 4 pin TRRS headset jack to 5 pin XLR headset jack
Using the digital snake with the X32
Intermittent Hiss with Varying Volume
Local Council needs recording device for barking dog matter
Removal of repeating sound in sound space
From simple to advanced mix techniques
How to filter speech so you can hear the tone of a voice but not the words?
Inside a phone booth
Is it worth using consumer grade speakers to do surround sound design?
Looking for a musically oriented outline of analog signal processing circuits
Help recreating a synthesized hit sound
Balanced output to stereo unbalanced input
Is it worth using guitar effect pedals on a DI signal?
Synths with different stereo spread / width?
How to use multiband compressor in Mixing and Mastering?
Remove asymmetrical buzzing sound from an audio
Recording an electric guitar through effects pedal
How to make this glassy/pluck sound
Creating very heavy subwoofer sound effects
How might I reduce wind noise and ambient noise when mic-ing a video interview?
Help to pick out sound system for an open air cinema
Is the Focusrite Scratlett 2i2 and Rode NT1 Kit mic a good starting set for podcasting?
PT error message -5000
Annoying tracks
How is the mixing step separate from the parameter adjusting done during arrangement?
Critical listening examples for compressors and digital filters?
Use of a Sennheiser EW 100 ENG G3-A in China
How to calculate our hearing frequency
Can this cable combine two microphones into a stereo signal?
Can I independently modify volume levels for 4 different microphones with ZOOM H4n?
Voice sounds uneven after noise removal?
Testing low-end turntable performance
Reverse Enginner Sound Morphing?
does a di box can run a condenser microphone?
How to make this duck-sounding synth?
What is this 'white waveform' called and what's it's function in Pro Tools HD 9
Recording Flip flops in Foley
References on how to calculate directionality of sound?
having to reselect the channel everytime I make a change in certain plugins in FL Studio
Loud Whining Sound with Start/Stop of Audio
Azimuth, spatialisation, psychoacoustics and whatnots?
What is your top 3 of most used types of sound-fx for Cartoon Sound Design?
numeric audio from computer to sound console
Quicktime for recording high quality audio?
Does it matter which recording software I use?
Remove Buzzing on PC Line In Jack with Audio Compressor After Mixer
Help me make a patch for this bass stab/pluck?
What is the solution for a 30 analog outputs sound card?
How to have different tempos in a Logic Pro X session
Why did the size of my flac file increase after cropping?
How do you cache an audio (podcast) platform to playback immediately?
List of Fourier coefficientes to simulate musical instruments
Use Adobe Audition to Remove Vocals
Dual Phantom Power sources?
Recording multi fx unit directly to a computer
What type of filter is the low and high on my mixer
Distorted and weak sound on some backing tracks
Active noise cancellation on speakers
Connect Aux Send to a phantom powered input (designed for electret mics)
Mixing Without Subwoofers
Help with setting up audio recording for retirement home meeting
Amplifying just the troughs while keeping the peaks the same. (Audacity)
If I bounce a 192kHZ file within my DAW while its operating at 44.1kHZ do I loose that quality when I export?
Create spatial sound illusions that work in headphones and speakers
No sound from Superior Drummer in Reaper
DAW software for drum beat detection
The name of this sound?
Recording goes from loud to quiet with constant sound
Having an interesting LCR (3.0) playback issue
Whats the best way to learn set of laws so that I can begin building any sound?
Cubase AI6 and Xonar U7 - weird noise and overdubbing problem
How to control signal (red noise) generator by another one (Rocket engine effect - Subtractive synthesis of sound)
The pitch shifting algorithm
Would it be Stereo or Mono?
Adding live band and choir to PA System
Bass drum and Bass guitar can damage Home Theater system. Myth or Fact?
Help with vocal sort of sound
How to tell number of audio channels exposed to computer over USB?
How to Add Soft Roundness (Prettiness) To Sound FX?
Logic X Exporting Video (Issue)
Recording field audio of car engine/exhaust/etc
Tips and tricks for recording a trumpet
TC electronic g major 1 / sysex
What cables for electric bass+preamp+pc?
Do I need a DI to put a Guitar through my Interface?
Is it possible to simulate stereo audio in one channel?
Mixing many audio files fast and easy
Can I transpose a series of midi clips to a different key?
What is the difference between reverb and resonance?
Searching for book recommendations
Sound libraries for FL studio
How to make the sounds from this Donkey Kong 2 composition (Super Nintendo)?
What are the steps for making Sonic's ring sound?
Record actual piano from Keyboard CASIO CTK-3200 to PC
Eliminate sparrow chirp from sound track
making a mashup of two songs with different BPM
How to produce finger snaps sounds for a particular intention?
Where should I turn up the output when recording from a keyboard through an audio interface?
extract saxaphone riff
How to make this guitar lead sound from Megaman X (Super Nintendo)?
Human sport sounds and vocalisations
How to sound-proof glass door with everyday things?
Cheap hardware to record multi-channel audio on mac
Crazy Question: Is it possible to clean up speakerphone sound - (not music, just speaking)?
Cubase Elements 7 signal routing
Overdrive Pedal DIY parts
How to manage multiple singers on a live show when they are exchanging roles of lead vocal and background vocals?
Guitar Pedal Components (DIY)
How to Capture Breath/Reduce All Outside Sound
Garage Band: Strange marker on track that unmutes track
Sound Design: Creating The Sound of Life Around Death
Audio codec with fastest decoding
Locate similar audio files on your system based on spectral content?
How do the outputs on this audio interface work?
Pair of in-ear wireless headphones
I just got a Blue Snowball Ice and it picks up my keyboard with Cherry Mx Blues
Using voice recordings from a phone service? ("You have 1 new message")
What instruments or sounds do most composers start a song with?
How to master a song?
Applying compression to a sound several times
How do gaming channels use condenser microphones without having their keyboard and mouse clicks in skype calls and videos?
How can I smooth a creaky voice?
What frequencies does the master volume increase?
Bubbly/Wet Sounds with FM synthesis
Can one effectively use an older (2004) laptop for audio recording and multitrack mixing?
Creating sound for 'light streaks'
How to batch split a big wav file in multiple files with loop point?
Tascam US-122 audio breaking up
Is it possible to have an external fader for controlling a soundboard
N.I. Massive assign Pitch Bend Wheel to Macro
Should the phase shifting caused by using analog EQ be a serious consideration?
Connecting Casio CTK 810-IN to PC
A more efficient way to input notes into piano roll without midi controllers. Logic Pro
Monitors and Audio Interface
What effect was used on these Crysis 2 SFX?
How can I avoid the self-noise of Electro-Voice RE-20 microphone?
converting guitar to midi to use with learning software
Information on Kontakt file format
Using DAW with remote controller and stage piano together
System Overload. The audio engine was not able to process all required data in time.
Workflow for detecting vinyl BPM?
Do all Focusrite Saffire range products use same inputs and outputs?
How to use one mic with a computer and a hifi stereo system?
Are there any VST audio to MIDI plugins?
Microphone suggestion for recording Hard Fx/SFX and Foley
Where I can find database of samples of FFT coefficients for different musical instruments
how do you make an actual *song* in Figure?
Software to identify words or voices in a recording?
Insert Cables vs Stereo - split cable
How can I extract the volume from an MP3 or MP4?
Can I use a powered mixer as an unpowered mixer via the effects loop output?
Are there any acoustic piano patches which model the sound of a key being released?
What software for batch processing effects chains?
Best and simple way to dub a film for a newbie
What are the definitions of a track and a channel?
Can FX send be used as an extra AUX send on mixer?
Why does my studio monitor sound weak and compressed?
Where is the default Windows 8 MIDI soundfont located?
Is there software that lets me "quantize" old recordings?
How to send or play midi from one application to another
Which methods exist for converting stereo to mono?
Do each track and each channel hold only one signal?
Why is vocal centered while instruments aren't in a stereo file?
Cylon Eye Whoosh?
Problem with LFE channel in mixing
If a track contains two channels, is the track stereo?
Can a single channel produce several timbres?
Accurately recording both voice and engine sound
Mathematically what does phase reverse do on a signal?
What are the meanings of pan(ning) and pan pot?
Violin/Piano Recording Equipment
How to make this sound?
How to improve guitar sound quality and production?
Need to remove noise from audio
How to fix a recording which have been sped up from the recorder using DPC speed control?
Trying to get lo-fi drums such as these ones and an overall effect that sounds lo-fi.
Amping indoor and outdoor speakers
Trying to find a particular synth/keyboard from this song
Is there a digital (PC based) equalizer that changes based on the pitch of the instrument connected?
What was the looping program?
Power Conditioner: Is it worth investing a little more?
What are the presets that can be used to emulate the rhodes through the Lounge Lizard vst?
Simulating Resonant Bodies
Creating a Thick, Smooth Bass
Is the Roland SH 101 everywhere lately?
High pitched phase sound
how come some mp3's are louder then 0db?
Can Max duplicate multiple generators?
Recording Doors
Routing sounds to and from my computer
I have no idea how sound design works
Isolating "common" portion of multiple samples
What is the best software to amplify the sound of spoken voice?
Skills for mastering old music
Looking for a good contact microphone for sound design
In Adobe Audition - can I see post-effect waveforms?
Does using a gate(expander) increase the dynamic range of an audio track and does this actually help improve the mix of the track?
Pro Tools stems export
Editing volume of a wav file on a Zoom H4n
Stereo 3.5mm jack to RCA or 6.35mm jack on Yamaha MG24?
editing ms dialogue recordings
Panning issues with theSaffire pro 56 and PT 10
Speech separation of individuals from a phone recording
MASSIVE: Is there a way to use macro so you can control OSC pitch and Rate of Dimension Expander/Reverb?
USB Microphone or Software which eliminates background noise
How to move/seek long forward/backward using shortcuts in Audacity?
Can I run a mixer off a battery?
Mixers conducting stereo signal from TRS to line out R/L - are there some? Where to find?
Random Playback of lots of short samples
Duplicating mono AUX signal to headphones
bad audio vs bad video
Recreating a famous 1980s synthesizser effect
Visual Cues in a wave file
Hotplugged condenser mic into scarlett 2i2, no more input?
Fostex FR2 doesn't record loud enough? Help
Name This Sound Effect Style?
USB microphone introduces buzzing after a few minutes of listening
Why do mp3 files have a time delay when compared to wav files?
H4n recorder volume problem
Can I use the stereo channel on my mixer for my over head mics?
Simulating effect of various metal speaker grills
Creating this Pitch bend noise
Delayed Snare sound
Optimal Headphone Amps volume settings?
middle east percussive sounds
How to record classical piano with one microphone?
What do I need to mix four microphones to PC, monitor all mics and PC output
problem with external mics on h4n
Reverb sort of airy synth note
Programming a Vectorscope
Amplifier + Speakers setup
What is added by using a guitar amp over just pedals?
Something moving inside Røde NTG3?
Compatibility between Yamaha FC3 sustain pedal and M-Audio 88 II keyboard
Send "Audio To" MIDI Track (or its single channels) in ableton
How to use extra bass speakers and get flat response?
Need help recording ultrasonic frequencies with microphone
Is it possible to duplicate outputs 1 and 2 to outputs 3 and 4 on a Scarlett 2i4?
young sound designer looking for feedback
How to get this poppy, buzzy bass drop?
How to remove repetitive (air compressor) noise from audio?
Experience with collaborative sound design?
Mandarin Chinese Walla
Mastering for Android
How to set up multiple analog interfaces to a single sound device
Add modal resonance to voice over
TRS 3.5mm microphone not working in mixer
Audacity Recording volume too low
Professional quality sound recording at home
Sound Design: Character or Story?
Correct techique to sample from a vintage keyboard
Sony PCM-D100 Mic In
Looking for Sound Design Masters in Europe
Sound Devices recorder 722: media issue
When Listening to Music, Does It Matter Which Way Round I Wear My Headphones?
Noise / Ground Loop problem with Devine BM 400 Microphone
Where should dialogue be hitting in dbfs?
Can I use speaker wire for stereo headphone?
Optimum protection (sound, power surges) for a small PA system
Use Audacity or other program to deepen voice for skype
Making an internal microphone waterproof
Mechanical acoustic device
Prevent/diminish plosive hit/popping
Ear training software
Converting audio recording to numeric values representing how loud the audio is at a given time
Low audio levels with AT875R shotgun microphone. Is this due to missing a preamp/mixer and/or other hardware?
Sound of Magnetism?
Splitting podcasts on the introductory jingle
Sound pressure level meter for ultrasounds
Powerful sort of techno pad
Input levels too high with Cubase 5 and Alesis IO2
Logic Pro X jumps back when starting recording
Tuning a house of worship by referencing through headphones
Are compressed audio files converted to raw pcm by audio players?
Music Production with FL Studio
Effect for reducing stereo spread
Wireless transmission of sound
Relationship between amplitude and loudness (again)?
Mixing and monitoring separate livestream audio channels
Shielded microphone cable for instrument piezo or magnetic pickup
How to set up a multiple speakers to one notebook?
Trying to re-create a certain Kraftwerk sound
How to capture a midi performance and apply a vst plugin to it?
Surround in Hangouts
What is the RPM of A Typical Reel To Reel Recorder?
How to find a specific sound in the audio track if i have a sample?
Ableton Live and Reaktor snapshots overwrite
Noise reduction on a guitar amplifier over a voltage regulator
career opportunities in sound other than films
How do I find a track by its name?
Frequency distribution graphs in music
Half tempo too slow?
POD Studio UX1 for professional DI recording
Mess up with Phoenix Reverb
Lower audio output volume on audio input (speech)
multiple files as a single track in a CUE sheet?
Channel Select FL Studio
Which built-in mic should I use
Reference: What are the common algorithms for crossovers?
Difference between multiple voices and chorus
How to remove echo-like noise from recording?
saffire pro 40 programming api
How to emulate this synth-patch?
Field recording databases
Using a journalist recorder for field recordings
Convincing Telephone Effect
What is the difference between a tone and a noise?
Differences in WAV files?
how to process arbitrary messages as data in Max/MSP?
Basic pitch processing
Placement of monitor speakers: Is it normal to hear a lot more bass when stepping back?
Resources on UX/UI and Product Sound Design
Legowelt random sound
how to create the way of talking as in the red room from Twinpeaks?
What determines the quality of a sound recorded with device into which a mic is plugged in?
Is there a difference in quality of sounds recorded with different zoom field recorders ?
Live Sound - Male Vocals
how to edit transient method impulse response
How to work objectively?
microphone distance in spaced omnidirectional field recording
Does transmission of sound through laser beam affects its quality?
Furman power conditioner - can I use with a power bar to expand my outputs?
Merge multiple 3.5mm or USB microphones into a single multi-channel USB audio interface
Headphones: high versus low impedance?
Guessing the sound (timbre) from a visual (waveform shape), vice versa
Using home cinema speakers with desktop audio interface
Focusrite Scarlett 2i4 to my Bass Amp. How to connect?
What equipment and software do I need to make ricochets please?
How can I accurately represent a wave form in respects to time of an mp3 file?
Want to record multi track at home pc
Algorithm to detect time of striking each key in wave file
Avoid annoying phasy sound with multiple delays of the same sound
Presonus Firepod sync problem with Mac Yosemite+
Audio Leveler Isn't Stable
How can I duplicate a mono track into a second channel to create "Stereo"?
Roland D10 Factory reset problem
Transfer recording from 4 Track Tascam 246 from another model possible?
Can you have white noise in stereo?
When your phone rings in your backpack why do you hear it?
Water effect with reverb
Looking for feedback on my first project
Stadium Reverb Ambience
Random sound duplication plugin
Strip silence from voice recording
Input sound has latency when the computer is connected to a speaker
Mapping audio wav files to midi piano roll keyboard
How to add multiple omnidirectional microphones to a computer
How can I remove buzz/static from a recording in Logic Pro X
Restoring an Overmodulated Analog Phone Recording
How to ensure uniform sound levels in multiple WAV files?
Audio/Video lag when playing through M-Audio Fast Track Pro
Can any DTS stream be embedded in a WAV as is?
Speaker Monitors for sound film
Is it possible for two identical waveforms to have different spectrograms?
Same volume level among all the songs
Condenser Mic Not Working
Cleaning up a 'distorted' audio clip?
How to prevent Speech Volume Leveling in Adobe Audition from amplifying noise?
How do I create space in my mix (example provided)
Does zoom record multiple tracks seperately as different files?
mix sound over network from multiple devices to a single output
Are there any weighted keyboards with 61 or less keys?
How to make the sound of Light Bike Tron Legacy
One Shot for drums
Which effects are common in electronic drum mixes
How to connect a digital Piano and a PC to the same wireless headset?
What interface should I choose to extend Yamaha LS9-32 outputs?
Newbie noise reduction question
Water Foley - How does it work?
How to extract 5.1 audio from mkv/avi/mp4?
How to make sampler?
Is homemade noise cancelling possible using existing hardware and included software/filters?
Reaper : midi configuration problem
Sending MIDI and receiving rendered audio through LAN
How to balance channel volume in Adobe Audition?
How can a speaker be designed so that it stops moving as fast as possible when the music stops?
Start learning synthesis
Why does my piano sound so tinny and far away?
Why is MIDI still 8-bit?
Pitch to Loudness relation
TR-606 hi hats oscillator running
How to remove background noise in video being edited in Premiere?
What makes XLR so durable?
Sync projects with remote NAS
How to get this sound
Is the sound made with a wavetable or an FM synth?
How do I combine MIDI files?
How can I get my bass to come through?
Sound effect library management on Windows?
Program that renders midi compositions
How to connect lavalier microphone with 3.5 jacks into XLR/TRS (using a converter)?
Why do the orders of hi/low pass filters go in 6 dB increments?
What you need to know to create a software synth?
How to connect microphone to MacBook (combined input/output ports)
How to prevent PA system from sound interference
How can I batch process using Paulstretch for Mac?
Audio Signal Difference Extraction
What is the actual waveform of step signals recorded onto a vinyl?
DIY Guitar Pedal, No Sound?
Reasonable results for ambient village street music sounds from my Zoom H4N?
How to connect the Sennheiser Ew100 g3 to a DSLR camera without the CL 1 accessory cable?
Game Design favourite Plug-ins?
Using a mixer with a PC and PS4
What is special about remastering (compared to regular mastering)?
What are the audible consequences of preamp impedance mismatch?
How can I make my voice recording sound more integrated with the beat?
Is it okay to re-voice and use another persons MIDI file?
Good book about sound basics
Audio Filter for accent modifications
Shaky sound from speakers?
How to connect old Yamaha PRS E423 keyboards to FL Studio and Sibelius/Finale software?
Change gender of voice
Condenser Mic - Constant white noise (hiss), can't get rid of it
Generate signal with sinusoidal change of frequency
mono balanced to stereo minijack lead
How come floating point audio doesn't clip?
Help me understand Class-D amplifier intrinsic noise
How to fix loud thunderous noise from Peavey PA system?
Friends, share your experience of how you found your full time sound design job, please
Macbook's DAC vs external / in-speaker DAC
How can I use automation on Ableton Live unit by unit?
How to Change an Audio File So It'll Sound Sci-Fi
Unable to record effects from Alesis Firewire 12 mixer
Finding source of microphone background hum
Proper way to boom dialogue between two people
How to deal with extreme level differences in film dialogue
What do you feel stands out strongly in a CV without industry experience?
Tame Impala/Kevin Parker Vocal recording
Audio editing program that acts like Premiere Pro
Pop filter vs Foam windscreen – is either better? [Zoom H4n]
How can i match/adjust two clips together with a smooth transition?
Level difference between 2 AKG CK91 capsules
drum machine for traditional drum sound?
Play music through multiple speakers
How to create a 'boom' sound?
Simple space effect in Audacity on Mac OS X
WiFi protocol for Clavinova keyboards
Emulating a skype/opus bandwidth-drop tearing/stutter?
5.1 surround headphones for mixing?
Having volume issues when recording a podcast
How do you compute the bitrate of a WAV file?
Need to know what I can use to sustain vocals or a vocal note live?
"Thin" sounding mic
Need a good mic for screencasts. Are USB headsets less likely to pick up computer line noise, and are wireless ones even more so?
Identify digital instrument or origin of samples used in "Temmie" music in "Undertale" game
Fruityloops not playing certain notes
How can I send internal FX to monitors on a Behringer mixer?
Recording from Sound Board to Zoom Handy Recorder H4n
How to make sound effects?
Need help setting up 2 Audio Feed inputs with two seperate auto outputs.
How to make a "Roar!" sound?
How to make SFX?
How to create a lightsaber sound true to the original method?
Recommended DAW apps for tablets
Is my dialogue premix too muddy?
Bose Home-theater selection
Favourite FREE sound design plug-ins?
Does Cubase 8 import Cubase 7 projects?
Any recommended Independent Sound Libraries?
Does Cubase 8 Artist work well in Windows 10?
Is it really impossible to isolate the vocal from music clearly? if yes... what is this?
How do I add 3V plug in power to a 3.5mm lavalier microphone?
How can I select and delete the left track of a stereo recording in Logic Pro X
How to record with a phantom powered microphone on a computer?
Real Time indoor streaming and music mixing
How to standardize two similar microphones?
Oktava or Audio-Technica for Omni Ambience Recording?
How to sync vocals in Pro Tools using a plugin?
How to pick drum notes for a song?
How to improve the SFX sound during mixing?
Simple phantom power for condenser mic
What are the latest Innovative Audio Technologies
The "first sound is the right sound" problem
How does MP3 and FLAC's encoding work
Discussion: Theatrical release vs. BR/DVD
Instrument Mic recording ==> full presence sound?
Live Keyboard MIDI Setup Ableton Live 9 [Max for live]
Connecting multiple audio sources to single pair of passive speakers
Differentiate LIVE(REAL) and RECORDED voice
Play three mono audio files in three speaker
Studio Package vs Self-Assembled Studio
Not enough power to run speakers at 60ft distance?
Is there any way to subtract or cancel background music picked up from a microphone, if I have the isolated background music?
Can I record in stereo using Scarlett 2i2 and Audition?
How to design punching or impact sounds?
Pluck in the intro Kensei Ummet ozcan
Free plugins for making drones and textures?
What factors play into how piercing a percussive sound is?
How are professional "instrumental" soundtracks created?
How to create the 8-bit-ish effect near the end of Nero - The Thrill (Porter Robinson Remix)
Should I sell this awesome equipment?
Will stereo compression affect stereo image?
Neumann RSM-191 - Can I use a Sound Devices 302 as a substitute for the MTX Box?
how to link audio in and out of several computers together for network training
Recording a headphone output using USB sound card microphone input
Overdrive (Part 2) Lead
Easiest way to cut and paste within a song
In Audacity, how to apply Tremolo effect of 0.25 Hz = 15 cycles/minute?
Are amplifiers with optical in/out truly transparent?
Certain tracks have wacky volume on certain speakers?
Any good quality neuro and reese bass tutorials [massive, FM8, Serum]
Certain tracks have crazy volume on certain speakers?
How can resynthesis engines be so accurate despite the time/frequency resolution trade-offs inherent in Fourier analysis?
How to keep loudness of SFX with TV mix?
How to use unison without voice beating/phasing
How to Improve 1-Mic 2-People Video Podcast Audio (with Audience)?
Building a high-powered bluetooth speaker, need input on components
programming for sound design and music
Using a bunch of smartphones with headsets like collar microphones
What physical parts of speakers change the way they sound and make them better?
Can rear height speakers be added in parallel?
Windows 7 and setting Scarlett 18i20 sync source
Why do my speakers sound good with recorded music but not live electronic drums?
Remapping a MIDI keyboard controller
Zoom H2 recording echo
Intermittent noise from Audio interface
is it ok to use Phantom mics w/o phantom power
When should a noise gate be applied?
How to achieve sound like this in DAW?
Looking for a vocal effects pedal to improve vocals
Can a computer replicate the work that monitoring speakers are doing?
How can I mix two wireless USB headsets in full duplex?
Isolating a voice
Recording spoken word on the go
Check if www.listentoyoutube.com provides exact audio copy
Add - Ons for experimental effects [VST, AU]
Audio Glitch Plugin
How to silence background music leaving only vocals no matter quality?
How to even speach loudness?
Encoding OGG vorbis as CBR?
modulation wheel affects last knob turned in ableton live
Which spectrogram shows higher quality of the song?
Actual Audio Standards in the Industry
Will this setup do the trick?
Amp optical in with stereo cable out
Utilizing PCI-E USB extension card for Less latency on Lynx Aurora for Windows
Audio effect to transform a local language to a "foreign / weird language"
Pocket Hardware Synth vs Raspberry PI
How do psychoacoustic bass enhancers work?
Need help finding a audio amp
Should i buy amplifiers?
Do I need a DI box to record guitars with a USB Interface for re-amping?
How to remove the robotic sound from an (almost) isolated vocals
What should be done before playing old cassettes?
Behringer UCA202 Audio Interface and BEHRINGER C-1
Why am I limited to only one MIDI CC parameter at a buffer size of 128 samples?
Drexciya - You Don't Know
Sound Design cutting throught Music
What is the best method/mic to only capture front sound?
How to make this lead!
AAC m4a file corrupted while recording. Can anyone help me recover it?
How to recreate a specific sound in FL Studio 12?
How to transfer 5.1 surround signal from computer to receiver using S/PDIF?
Why isn't the classical guitar part of an orchestra?
How to get background conversation in a sound record?
Forensic-proof voice changer
Question about synths
Vocoder command line tool for Linux or Mac?
Difference between AY-3-8910, Yamaha YM2149F and Texas Instruments SN76489 sound chips?
What is causing "metallic" sound/noise when I speak?
Yamaha MIDI/USB driver on Linux
Connecting electric guitar to XLR
Clap or Hi Hat? Whipping noise
FL Studio: How to register the actual keyboard sound?
Is it possible to remove weird noise which increases with volume?
Is there an ideal volume level for music files?
What exactly is thick plate reverb
Can one speaker be used as equivalent of two speakers?
Sending PC audio through mixer sounds messed up
Are the benefits of “Balanced Power” fact or fiction?
Billiards/Pool Table Sounds
How plausible would it be to build a DAW using the supercollider scsynth?
Futuristic Sound Design
Recording guitar and vocals (condenser mic) simultaneously
Beyerdynamics dt880 32 ohm crackling noise on high volumes
Royalty free action music
How to properly create/find and use sounds realistically in a convincing way in Blender?
Sound Designer/Editor needs?
Chord arpeggiator plugin
Will these microphone background nosie solutions work?
Adding metadata to wav files without .bwf extension
Wireless Audio On A Budget
When converting mods to flacs, they are looped
Why is Compression and Expansion of Signal to Noise Ratio used in Wireless System signal transmission?
How should I set up equipment for recording instrumental music?
High-pitch, tinny echo in large room
setup for having an amp output mono to two speakers
Why does a single speaker have two inputs?
Best setting for digitizing vinyl
Are there any USB microphones under $10 that will record talking-volume sound 2-3 meters away?
Weird noise from amplifier
Free VSTi for EDM bass?
Cannot select input in Logic
DJ mixing background music
How can I achieve this sound?
FastTrack Duo Line Out with monitors as windows default sound device
Are there any plugins or production techniques that can tranform a male voice into a female voice
Why early films had crackling noises in background?
I'm a total noob and I want to get into sound design as a hobby. Where should I start?
Samson Stage XPD1 USB wireless microphone interference problems
Can I setup my Scarlet 18i20 this way?
What brass instrument is this?
Identify virtual instrument and preset
How to activate MIDI controller in Ableton?
How can I achieve this sound
How to connect a stereo microphone to a mono input?
Need help for removing cloth rustle
"Compress" an AIFF file?
Tascam DR 05, recording with both external and internal mics
Creating something like a "Virtual Aperture" with speakers, particulary for directional bass
How much heat can a speaker cables PVC jacket take?
Upside down waves in Sound Forge
Automatically splitting recording files
we have a Rode Phantom Powered Condenser Shotgun Microphone that is placed near a projector in our media studio
Record 2 microphones on one mic-in port (basic consumer audio)
Label on speaker reads "120W(MUSIC), 60W(DIN)." What does this mean?
What's the main effect on this vocal
Is that a microphone?
Loud buzzing noise using Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 on Macbook
Transitioning from post into game audio
Kylo Ren Voice Changer
anyone using Wacom Tablet with Pro Tools
Headphones don't work in cubase 8
can one record multiple channels on a computer fed by mixer?
using 2.0 interface with 3.0 laptop
Is there a way to synthesize somebody saying "Aah" like in melbourne bounce?
Convert drum audio recordings to midi
REQUEST UPDATE: NYC sound effect (still) needed
How to make your voice sound like another persons voice?
How does direct monitoring work with a directly plugged in guitar in the Scarlett Solo?
Is there a function to randomize the volumes of a MIDI Clip on Ableton Live?
Grand Audio Engineering/Mixing and Mastering Course?
LAME: Why is a lowpass filter used with --preset insane
Wireless conference systems with more than 8 channels?
Examples of Synthesized Sound Effects
Any good literature about sound design inTerence Malick's "The Thin Red Line" movie?
How is this specific sound synthesized?
What app can I use to create mixtapes?
Is it safe to use headphones with mono jacks into stereo jacks on a modern PC?
Water / Snow Movement
How is compression quality related to sample rate?
"Filling" drum sound
ADAT - S/PDIF I/O optical connectivity
How to fix my grado headphones?
RCA in to a Microphone Input
How do I mark points in Audacity?
How can I get the best sound quality from my Zoom H1?
Legowelt whistle like lead
Do I need a sound for this dead body?
Behringer C1-U noise
Bulk add Unique IDs for Pro Tools
Can I record audio with a jack mic?
Need help with my ''studio setup'' (from a hobby perspective)
Mixing Subbass and kick. How to replicate this tech house bass
What instrument is this?
How to achieve this western sound on guitar?
Why are levels so different on popular music tracks I open in my wav editor?
Is there a way to increase WAV quality?
How to make owl sounds
What microphone and wireless speaker to choose for large audiences
Should I keep the songs of the same album similar to each other?
Use same CC on multiple regions in Logic Pro X?
Making noises you get from playing guitar
Wiring an XLR 1/4" jack combo wall box to a single cable (Neutrik ncj6fi-s)
Script to find and convert stereo WAV's that are actually mono?
How do I reduce echo coming from large glass panes?
How I can create a spring bed sound like in the following songs?
Low Passed Sound Quality, Connecting Pro Soundcard to Consumer Hifi Amp. Level matching?
Foley - Paper Burning Sound
What is the technical term for these speakers?
Context specific MIDI routing (Ableton)
Native Instruments FM8 - Voicing / Unisono
Extreme distortion/clipping plugin
How to split audio in dry and wet audio files if I have the dry version
Hardware samplers used in sound design?
iMovie with Audio USB Interface
Eliminating spill on lapel mics
Using compressors in Live Sound (Houses of Worship)
Mixing voice audio for computer speakers
How do I time shift a single audio clip in Audacity 2.0?
Can I control main volume (main signal) with envelopes or LFO in FM8?
From stereo to mono
what is the purpose of the internal volume of a speaker cabinet
Solving for Amplitude and Frequency in WAV files
"Electro" radio voice - how do I do this?
Tool/Software to Bookmark Positions in Audio
Boing noise made when powering on Harman Kardon 330B
Automate MIDI pitch in Ableton w/ 3rd Party Plugin Instrument
Tips for mixing BASS with other low instruments
Are styrofoam skyline diffusers efficient as wood?
Right channel minus left channel?
How do I change the playback speed without changing the tempo?
Changing EQ settings in Logic Pro - Automation vs Separate Tracks
How to remove hiss from mp4 video?
What is the relation between high pass (low cut) filters and headroom?
What exactly makes a person's voice differ from other's?
Woofer size and power required to drive accurately 1 meter away microphone for frequencies 50-250 Hz
Both sound good - how to pick?
How do I arrange my piano roll to view two regions at once on Logic 9?
Why can't I isolate center-panned audio using inverse phase cancelling?
Sennheiser MKH70 temperature range
What would be the best "egg-carton" acoustic treatment method?
Headphones for film recording and mastering (music)
FIXED - Can't download new Drummers on Logic Pro X
How do I make this sound?
Is there a way for me to hook up my headphones ( regular headphone jack ) via Bluetooth?
Why is my playback from stereo recording splitted ? Audacity
Is there any tradeoff to get the best quality/file size ratio for mp3 conversion?
Connecting a 3.5mm Microphone on headset (Logitech G230) to a mixer (Behringer 1202)
How to create this "Riser/Uplifter"
recording from vinyl to tape
How to make the most of my FX Loop send/return?
How do sound waves work that make certain intervals sound good?
difference between playback volume and track volume?
Cubase: How to import multiple tempo tracks or midi files in one project?
What sort of device would I need to manage inputs and outputs from multiple computers?
How to make toms played with Stick sound like they were played with Mallets?
Logic Pro X workflow options for multi-track live recordings
UX2 and Cubase, Input does not work
Obtaining T-S parameters with a mic
Logic Pro X panning and effect change in the same track
Novation Bass Station II
What sounds (not frequency!) can dogs hear?
Identifying non-human voice noise in EQ
Notification sound that sounds decent over a low quality connection?
Focusrite & latency & drivers & Win vs Mac
Educational app sound effect in FL Studio
Can a dog whistle frequency (23 to 54 kHz) by recorded on a CD?
What is a reasonable rate for sound logo design?
Japanese Anime/Arcade 'Shing' sound
help! sound devices mixpre + Fostex fr2le correct setup
What are the Ideal Dimensions for a Reasonably-Sized Studio?
Why can't computer software "shift" the recorded audio by whatever the latency is, thereby eliminating any latency in the track?
How can I emulate this soulful synth sound?
How can I setup my M-Audio soundcard on Windows for multi-track recording?
Laptop for music production
microphone levels on a XENYX mixer very low
How can I record frequencies from 0.1 to 20 Hz?
What do you call someone who programs software for producing, reproducing or processing audio?
How can I sync audio and video from a different source?
Sansui SP-200 speakers: how much can I put into them?
How to create the Kygo Pluck?
Programmable audio software (DAW) with public API?
Doubt on sending audio from Addictive Drums to an Aux track
How do I conform stereo offline proxies to original multitrack media?
Sound on big festivals is sometimes horrible
How do we mix down a feature film?
How to connect speakers with sound card?
Why is my Rode NT1 Mic making noise
How can I reset the Pitch Bend function on my Axiom 25?
How should I interface a desktop PC and a Marantz PMD560 to the SPDIF out on an LS9-32?
What is the best way to wire an audio interface with 1/4 outputs to studio monitors that have an XLR input?
What' is the best piece of hardware to use for recording DJ sets?
How to automatically create one pattern for each imported midi track?
Why do I get low frequency audio buzz during recording?
Is the Sony PCM-M10 suitable with Rode NTG-2?
How to assign samples to key groups with Akai S2800i
What should be the credits for score designer using library music?
Can Zoom H4n record on the onboard mics and line inputs at the same time?
Regarding vidpro xml lavalier microphone
Career in both composition and sound design, or chose one path?
Quick and dirty demo creation for hearing loss presentation
Receiving sound from a startech 7.1 usb external sound card with spdif digital audio drivers
Condenser Shotgun Microphone Their Limits And Use In Dual Applications
Few specific beats/tones appear on either left/right in Audio Technica M50X
How can I explode takes from a region onto a single track in Logic Pro X?
Can I use a guitar effects pedal for any electric instrument?
Audio Programming for Games - General Questions
What is the axis of the cardioid pattern of a condenser microphone?
How to isolate certain voices in video?
What's the best I can do to mix a new vocal recording with a compressed instrumental track?
Music Muffled nosie
Microphone Preamplifier for Condenser Mic - Research Application
Metallic voice effect
How to connect stereo output to mono speaker?
What's the correct way to connect my active speakers to my laptop using an external sound interface?
Add a reverb on my headset in live recording with a blue Yeti
Software for vocal removal?
How to connect with computer
Sending bass from VST to bass amp
Which audio file format gives smallest size for silent tracks?
Does a sound designer have to design sounds that he uses?
Automatic EQ creation to get similar frequence response from two sources?
A way to add specific sound file at the end of a phrase?
How do I make my voice not echo in audacity?
How to define specifications for contact microphones?
Where can I find an Audio project file from feature film as an example?
Dummy load on TV video input with RCA jack?
Creating that Techno Chord
Nature Sounds Libraries in HQ: where?
Bit OT: Looking for a multi-track player that can chase SMPTE or MTC
Why does my sound so dull?
Listen to guitar using audio interface
Can I turn an vocal prase in a scream?
Recording with X32 + S16
Website for audio equipment specifications?
Is the perceived power of 2x60W the same as 1x120W?
What is the requirement for a XLR mic that works with H4N Zoom?
320kbps MP3 - Why is there a clear line near 16khz on spectrogram?
Designing a ringtone/notification sound that is audible from decent range and not easily muffled
Zoom H6 recording levels
Convert dB value to linear scale
How can I read a Garage Band file on a USB stick with my PC?
'Pixelated' crumbling sound?
What's the difference between monitors for music and sound post?
Sound design that "shows what we haven't seen"?
Buzzing (humming) sound in the speakers (ground loop)
Why software's reverbs algorithms never sound the same as their hardware's original?
Speech synthesis in MATLAB : diphthongs
Apollo twin and Sterling ST55
USB condensor Mic schizophrenia
Bouncing clips out of Pro Tools
Mono and stereo jacks
Choosing a mic for recording video on DSLR camera
How do sound engineers maintain levels in live performances?
What is this sound called?
Time resolved sound measurment
Can I sell 808 style drum sound library?
can I use Hearing protectors with my earbud headphones for a better listening experience?
Can you somehow get positional audio on stereo headphones?
How can I avoid the pop at the end of a file containing a pure frequency?
How can I use my USB-to-MIDI keyboard to control a MIDI-in synthesizer without a PC?
What property of sound disturbs us?
Behringer Xenyx 1002 output to Samsung DVD player AUX
Rotary speaker effect for SF2 Organ
How to make the music sounds like playing in the picture
Dialnorm in a stereo mix?
Niche areas of Sound Design -- Are there any?
Are there any significant differences between using a dedicated audio interface and a field recorder with audio interface capabilities?
How to Reduce Keyboard and Mouse Clicks
Subtle high-pitched tone from Samson C02
Should I use EQ before my Digital interface, Focursite?
Correct Amplifier Rating for Klipsch RP-150M Speakers
Direct Stream Digital (DSD) editing software, no PCM
Yamaha 02R V1 console
How to fade to silence in Ableton Live?
Microphone preamplifier for live stereo recording
Plugging a mic into a headphone jack on an iPhone
Is it always necessary to dub violins on movie sets?
Can't remove vocal from a specific song
Batch processing in Adobe Audition for deleting silence
How to make a Wet/Dry or A/B mix control using Logic X (10.2.2) bus and mixer?
How to use effect on part of the track without introducing the crack/pop sound?
how can I raise the volume input on audacity? I have tried using the tool bar.
Buzzing noise with Condenser Microphone + Phantom advice
How to make a reverse kick
Using MIDI file as MIDI controller -?
Latency optimization (DAC?)
Troubleshooting gain problems between microphone and amp
How to create the "dead jedi" sound effect
Do I lose any quality when trimming an MP3 with Adobe Audition?
Why do some XLR connectors take batteries?
Designing a sub-woofer enclosure - suitable for an amateur?
Robert Altman, how to capture sound like in his movies?
Removing vocals using multiple versions of the same song
Mixer-audio card-notebook recording problem
FL Studio: Launchkey Mini notes stick
Fixing recording issues with Scarlett 2i2 / Procaster
Recreating A big taiko drum sound
What do we call this kind of vocal effect?
Samsung Milk VR "Binaural" 4 channel vs Quadraphonic 4 channel
Boost volume and improve quality of soft speech from audio track (Dropcam)?
Can Bose QC 15 block out traffic noise when you are cycling?
Electric noise when using a Condenser Mic in home studio
Unrealistically low round-trip latency measured
Cable vs wireless connection from amplifier to speaker
Full/multiple room voice recognition
Microphone that can stand a k70rgb brown keyboard
Howto enable sound recording from the pc and not from microphone?
How do I keep my guitar signal from clipping in logic pro x with UA Apollo Twin?
Instrument & Drum Rack disappeared in Ableton
Emphasize background conversation in Audacity
WAV file sounds from PC to many speakers around LARGE Slot Car & Train Layout-HELP!
What's a good microphone around $100-$200 that can be both used for recording audio for game development and for streaming?
device that shoots audio which can only be heared by the target
Speaker fabric cloth
How to use FL Studio to change adult female voice to little girl voice?
Cheapest windows alternative to mainstage with sound effects
How to batch demux sound from videos to mp3 or aac
Which format for radio station to choose in Shoutcast?
Reasamplomatic5000 Change Pitch Without Changing Tempo
Recording multiple microphones tightly synchronised
Why we require high voltage swing at the output of line drivers?
Recording Tap Dance
Connecting keyboard to a audio interface
How to use pan effectively
Faulty TRS jack question
ESI Juli@ - 2 channels in control panel, but Audacity recording only 1
Home Studio Echo Problem
Phones mini-usb to record stereo
Looking for a good SFX library with bare feet on concrete / marble
Headphones - Is constantly wearing them bad? (not music)
Remove hiss from audio
How are NBA games miked up?
How can layers of sound be distinguished, and therefore separated?
Why is cubase not displaying audio?
Can not remove hiss/hum
Is there a digital speaker?
Automatically mute one microphone when another is unmuted
Good voice over software?
How to come up with great melodies
How can i have a fullscreen video on pc
Microphone to pick voice of several people in a big room
How do I move an audio clip to a different track within the same project?
Person with role of overseen sound post production in documentaries referred to as a "supervising sound editor"?
Audition cc bus not receiving input
portable Sound Edit set up with Macbook and Protools
How to deal with clipping in important data
David Guetta Bang my head/This one's for you PLUCK
How to record wav file in bit depths lower than 8 bit?
Shotgun Microphone to isolate sound of golf club striking golf ball
Intelligent downmix of stereo to mono
Windows Media Player 12 idiosyncratic (?) ripping/encoding behavior, mp3s
Ableton - How to preview browser clips and instruments?
Does converting mp3 to wav make sense with regard to timing accuracy?
do digidesign 003 plus and 192io synchronised
How can I change bass reflex tube from 80mm to 75mm?
High quality instrumental backing tracks for vocal demo recording
Crackling in Camtasia Studio with Scarlett
Pitch-Shifting makes sample sound out of tune
is it possible to isolate the organ sound in this mp3 file
Ableton Live: Zoom out farther than current bounds?
Sox how to normalize volume of multiple audio files
What audio formats and codecs are used for YouTube videos?
Can you Pan properly using stereo headphones
Logic Pro X: How to send input of bus1 to bus2?
Ableton Live: APC40 toggle Midi map states?
How can I convert large audio file .aiff to mp3?
What are the limits of the 3.5mm jack?
PA System Setup
How to Create a "heavenly wobble" in FLStudio?
Can I take "historical" sounds from non-fictional movies for my project?
remove static noise from audio recording
sound reinforcement & power - Is it possible to utilize multiple power circuits?
Is it possible to use a M/S microphone as a mono mic?
Does Bluetooth Multipoint allow for paying music on an iPhone and a tutorial YouTube on a PC at the same time?
Tropical Ambience: creating a minimal background using synths
My new sennheiser doesn't have an XLR port, what is this plug called? (picture included)
How is DISCID made in cue sheet files?
How do I save multiple selected tracks as separate files?
240 Hz 'noise' coming from speaker
Find audio sections in MP4s higher than a specified level?
Why playing 180 degrees out-of-phase oscillators in Sylenth1 doesn't result in silence?
Reel to reel tape speed is a little too slow
How to explain CEntrance Latency Test Utility giving inconsistent results?
Why is there noise in my spectrum analyser despite having no external devices plugged in?
How can I route MIDI between two tracks?
Can a burned music that is separated from another folder be played?
Can I set a timer to auto record with an 744T?
Is there a way to convert .it files to MIDI?
what is best subwoofer for the genelec 8030b speakers?
Building a flexible, multi-channel setup with direct monitoring on a low budget
Phantom power through a Line input
Why is poizone's sound altered in Fl studio after saving?
Latency using guitar to USB cable increases over time
How can I make this Bassline like Boris Brejcha
What is this microphone connector?
Convert traditional HiFi to wireless?
How to create pads with alot of emotion in them?
What is the difference between headphone jack and line out on Zoom H5 Audio Recorder?
Input channel on audio mixer
How to clean the needle of a technics 1200 mk2
What type of speakers and speaker cable should I use to connect to my Behringer U-Phoria UMC202HD audio interface outputs?
Why am I getting weird buzzing that makes no sense?
Can differences between high quality audio formats be noticed on low quality headphones?
Why would you pan the same sound both left and right?
Question on re-creating a sound I heard in a pop song on the radio
How does a cardboard paper towel roll amplify the sound?
How to create trance/electro basslines?
How to replicate this saturated drum sound?
What happens when I connect my TV to a phono input on my receiver?
Audacity: How can I blend my vocals within the music?
Can an audio interface's gain control mute the input source?
What microphone should I use to record therapy sessions?
Midi keyboard or digital piano for beginners?
What software can I use in order to extract this pattern from music?
How can I compress Mic input using a virtual sound card?
How can I align multiple audio files with overlapping using python?
What VST do these kind of sounds come from?
is there a common low-end level for a song?
Mixing by aux out to aux in
My mic has low gain
What can I expect from this pc when producing audio?
Playing FLAC in home theater system that doesn't support it?
A filter such that only frequencies present in both signal A and B pass through
Confusing choice of audio-production PC
Redmatica KeyMap Pro - any place to turn to for advice?
Is there a device that can standardise on volume output from smartphones?
How many MIDI in/out daisy-chaining I can use?
is it possible to master a stereo source to work perfectly with pro logic
How can I recreate this synth sound?
how to adjust audio level across multiple editors?
Any tips for producing music for a video game?
Looking for Sound/Voice advice for an Audio Clip I'm editing in Pro Tools!
How can I remove mouse and key clicks from live audio?
Audacity, settings revert when opening exported wav
Can I use an aux cable as a bridge between the headphone jack and microphone jack?
Rode NT1A with Fousrite Audio Interface of with Zoom H4n pro / H5
Amplifiying unsymmetrical voice recordings
Speaker and Mic echo problem
How to create a Chord Sample in Logic Pro X
Detecting first non silent sample index
Guitar Chords Sample Library
I don't understand Ableton Live's workflow
i have problem with my sony m10
Extracting human vocals from really damaged audio?
Which DAW handles time modulation (groove) best?
What software do you use to catalogue your recordings and sound fx?
How does DCP work between Dolby and DTS?
Sound drop outs
Idle noise on audio-interface when listening trough headphones
How to mute one side of an mp3?
How should I work with sync I/o?
Recording mono compatible audio with Sony PCM-M10 (RE50N/D-B mic)
Recording 2-6 lav mics to a Mac with a Behringer UMC1820?
Looking for a certain synth
Any recommendations for a Pre-show music for The Producers?
Shure mic input misunderstanding
How to open MIDI file in text editor?
"diagonal clipping" in recent pop music productions?
Premium-rate telephone numbers that produce a familiar sounding melody when typed in
Effects order in sound design
Shure SM57 with lost sensitivity
Unbalanced Line Level vs Balanced Microphone Level
How to extract voice track from song?
Recognition of timing information by sound device
Sound recording for 360 video - sound field or stereo tracks?
Combining surround stems to proper order -- Wave Agent can't handle large files?
XLR AT2020 Problem
Why would different releases of the same song sometimes be out-of-sync?
Choosing a studio mic for accordion
How to get C-Knobs on M-Audio Oxygen 25 to work with GarageBand
For public lectures, what hidden mic setup needs to be used?
How do i make a good stabbing sound?
How can I remove audio source from a file with the audio source itself?
How can I avoid multiple instances of an OMF while copying a session in ProTools?
Yahama MG10XU Mixer USB Input Messes Up
Bandpass filter on omnidirectional microphone (experimenting)
What is "Pilot mode" in wireless systems?
How to mix voice and background music like this?
Replicate a specific sound effect?
How can I fix robotic distortion from an audio track?
Cracking and pop when ipad plugged in to piano line in
Decrease main volume and increase background noise
Should i use Stereo expander?
Can not record 2-channel in Audacity from DJM mixer
What are important considerations when mixing and mastering a track for vinyl distribution?
What sample rates can an MP3 file have?
Splitting mono RCA plug to stereo
Connecting analogue mixer console to FL studio
Adobe Audition CS6 vs Syntrillium Cool Edit Pro 2.1 - editing wave
Automatically extend pattern in FL Studio
Matching EQs - advice on EQing ADR
Recommendations for Physics sounds
Recording with an old laptop: how do DAWs use memory vs cores?
Assign modulator LFO to parameter in Logic pro x
Quick and dirty slow motion effects?
How to convert Stereo RCA to XLR?
Finding sound designers to create audio loops
Fletcher-Munson curves: Applied uses and lessons learned?
Gear for stylized cinematic sound design project
What settings Zoom H2n for live theatre
Ableton sidechain track to EQ band gain?
Driving an active subwoofer unbalanced
Music drowning out singing
Making metal music without real instruments
Is it possible to set channel 3-6 as subwoofers on a DBX260 driverack?
Can delay pedals output the delayed audio without any additional effects?
Why does my subwoofer makes popping noise after (only after) playing for 10 to 20 minutes?
Why does Logic X always make my tracks HUGE when I press A to edit automation?
Microphone to capture eating sounds
Amplitude Too Low?
What formats does SoundMiner accept to import Metadata?
Ableton 9.5 -- custom Simpler slice markers?
Matching amplifier with speaker with unknown wattage
Are there any alignment tools to support subtracting drums from vocals?
Blue Yeti normal background noise
The volume of exported sound is not the same as the volume of the realtime sound
Future Unformed chopped up audio effect?
Saturators similar to URS Saturator (without ilok requirement)
Help identifying software
Connecting Instruments to an Audio Interface
DB25 recording outs include effects and equalization
Converting phone audio to save space - what's best?
FLAC --bps setting real meaning
Boost peaks but leave troughs unaltered in Audacity
Is there a way in Max For Live to actually write code that manipulates the signal?
USB Input for 24 bit Recording, Is it possible?
DAC on a player with only HDMI and USB out
How to adjust the volume level of the track when the automation points are already set?(Ableton/Logic pro)
Connecting passive monitors to sound card
How to use two computers simultaneously for production (CPU sharing)
Why can I hear 120 BPM, but not 2 Hz?
Should I use filter and compressor in FX Channel (aux send) in Nuendo?
How to simulate crowd noise with acoustic instruments?
Reading emotions from a song
Is there any standard parameter to use L2 as a limiter?
In general, what's a good dB level at which to normalize my audio files?
How to cancel out siren noise as much as possible?
Vestax mixer to Audacity - only hearing one turntable
Ableton CV from track amplitude? Control another track's dry / wet?
Filter or Eq out certain parts of the spectrum without introducing transient distortion
How can I variably playback sounds randomly?
How to reproduce this sound
Audio interface stopped working (windows)
Can I get Microphone Input AND PC audio BOTH through Headphones without Delay?
New Behringer C-2 microphone malfunctioning
Crackling in headphones
Which inexpensive device can record 8 channels (tracks) simultaneously?
How to make this detuned stab
USB recording and RCA Stereo recording, which of them is better?
Creating the sound of a thousand legged monster! Ideas?
Practical difference between channel gain, fader and amp gain
Can compressed music files be adequately recovered by remastering?
Using a graphic equaliser for open loop current control
Using .wav files works fine in DAW while using converted .mp3 files doesn't
Is the quality of a DAC related to software implementation?
Electric guitar connected to Mixer doesnt work
Microphone and Technique Suggestions for Recording Audiences?
How to turn a stereo speaker into mono
Recording: Sporadic ground noise with DI acoustic guitar
How can make a "Fade Out to silence then Fade in" script in Sound Forge 11?
Recreating this synth sound
Fixing loudness on large MP3 comedy gig recordings
for field recording(nature/wildlife) use Mono or Stereo XRL- NGT2 into Tascam DR-100mkii?
Deceleration effect
Can a MP3 file contain video frames?
MK8+CMC vs CCM8
how to u produce such a vocal effect?
Friendly buzzing sound?
How we hear sound computer vs human experiment -amplitude and volume-Interesting
Why do we hear microphone raised voice instead of our low volume voice?
Ableton: Why is my vectorscope showing flashes of stereo activity on a mono track?
What's the right (low cost) equipment for a two-person in-person interview setup?
How to connect old stereo system to pc?
Recording quality has significant noise
Creating a Floating Sound-Proof (Sound-Isolation) Room
Audacity: calculate exact amplification
Studio mic --> Headphone jack not working
How to mix all sound to make it become complete song?
What difference does impedance, watts and sensitivity really do?
Different recording speed using different models of voice recorders?
Normalizing many small WAV files?
TINY QUESTION what mics are used in a video?
Making Voice filter based on video game character using Audacity
400 Watt or 700 Watt Speacker is best choice for special room?
How to remove hiss in Adobe Audition?
A few questions: Surround Sound 5.1 for film
What is the difference between staged limitting and normal limitting?
How can i route my signal in my computer?
How can I improve this chain of filters to make a better voice with Audacity
Upgrading existing audio hardware
Recording stereo audio on an iPhone using an adapter
Noise Cancellation Headphones
Do you have any suggestions on recording vocals/guitar using 2 mics?
Faking depth and stereo separation?
Audio Technica ATR2100-USB Recording Issue
outputting 3 different signals from sound card
How to create these punch SFX?
How do I wire my Fostex PM0.5n?
Split PC audio between 6 Bluetooth headphones?
How to lower unwanted sound and raise desired sound in a recording?
What do I need for buying a good microphone
What is the current state of the art in source separation? What tools are available?
How do I find out the audio access unit duration from MP3 files?
Does the RODE Lav mic need a pre-amp?
Classical guitar to a mic to a guitar processor (or even better guitar amp)?
BM-800 Condenser Mic Not Working in Windows 10 Acer Laptop
Converting WAV to FLAC. Compression level 0 has higher bitrate than 8
Why sample at 196kHz when human ear can only hear within a 20kHz range?
How and where should I start learning about sound design?
What synths and pads are those, and where to find?
What are some good in-depth resources for learning Sound Design?
What are the advantages of a condenser mic for recording vocals?
Mic compatibility with Canon VIXIA camcorder?
Which pluck is used in Cheap Thrills?
How can I record sub-bass frequencies?
I want my voice to sound like a parot
Mid/side multiband compression
What to look for in a microphone/studio
what is the best headphone with a good bass for $100
Recording piano part for rehearsal at different speeds
Equalizer: what dose each sound bar numbered 60, 230, 910, 3.6k, and 14k. And how do I set to get rid of all background sounds
Unbalanced Phono output from (Pioneer DDJ-SB2) to balanced XLR mic level
Infinite baffle speaker in an enclosure vented to the attic
Can Storing 2 Electromagnetic Speakers Face-to-Face Harm Their Magnets?
Songify the speech
Audio within region randomly shifting out of sync in Logic Pro X
How can I toggle protection and change the copyright in Audacity?
How should Mini XLR condenser microphone be wired?
How to generate 8 bit unsigned PCM code comma separated
Meteor sound Design
How to connect Behringer mixer to Macbook Pro?
should I ground the mixer?
Buzzing and Humming Sound while recording live Church Service..
What should be the volume level of monitors during mixing?
Is Behringer C-1 mic good enough for foley recordings for the price?
Is per-stem reverb the same as reverb for the full mix?
Modulating Ratio in FM8
High recording volume and quiet voice or the other way round?
How to connect a yamaha pss 570 to audio interface
Virtual pad for linux
Need some good plugins for Indian Instrument Sounds to be used in Pro Tools
Player with great timer display
Find the delay between an "almost" echoing signal in a recoding
Split Audio File Into Seperate Tracks?
Sending multiple audio signals out of one computer
Mid-range Frequency Mixing
Is lossy encoding supposed to produce higher signal level peaks than those present in the original?
How to repair a torn DAT tape?
Building an AES50 stage snake
Multiple V-Vocal Clips in Sonar X2
What happens in terms of wiring when you use a TRS adaptor with an RCA cable?
Show the differences between two similar audio files using graphical method
Sound proof a room, car noise
How to record sounds with an XLR cable
How to slow down playback speed of an audio file in Power Media Player--in Windows 10
Need to do a live interview in a noisy place
What can I use to create servo type sound effects without electronics?
How to record Sounds from Trains without being spotted?
How to make tracks louder in Logic Pro X?
Getting a weird thumping noise when recording music
What are the disadvantages of parametric speakers?
How to edit take folders for multiple tracks at once
Filter Audio Output from Audio Input
Clipped sound although waveform never flattens out
Sharing audio interface (external sound card) with two computers on network
Windows 10 crashes when producing but only in the evening
How do I successfully make convincing sci-fi gun sounds
Using a Rode NGT 2 and Zoom h4n pro and very flat quality. Solutions?
Avoiding crack sounds when editing clips together in GarageBand
Why can't I raise the volume of music infinitely?
Do I need an audio interface for my studio monitors?
Doing Sound effects, How the atmos pan techniques are using for getting good image?
optimal way to transcode 320 mp3 kbps to a more efficient lossy format?
My songs/beats never sound right and sound muffled in the car
Can high gain result in damaging condenser mic?
What's your sound fx library expectation and needs?
Best specs for Sound bites (Media Release)
Where is the beat on a waveform graph?
Audacity: How to smooth out equalization transitions
Isolation of different human voices from audio
Zoom H1 or Tascam DR-05 for violin recordings
get rid of annoying default piano roll sound in FL studio
Sound Recording error
DPA 4060 and Focusrite Clarett 2Pre: Phantom needed?
How to produce this vocal effect?
Need Speakers for sound masking
How to keep audio-fequency noise from my refrigerator out of my audio gear?
Smallest pitch difference audible
When to use a power conditioner (e.g. Panamax M5400-PM) vs a pure sine wave UPS (e.g. CyberPower CP1500PFCLCD)
Ways to save midi-cc-mapping in FL Studio?
Better to mix subs in headphones or through monitors?
Focusrite Scarlet 2i2 Cubase
Automating soundcheck: Can I get volume of an instrument from a live band audio GIVEN that I recorded the live mic input?
Headset amplifier (headphone amplifier with mic preamp)
Why didn't I get any signal with this setup?
Audio combo jack on Lenovo ideapad 305
Learning sound engineering, mixing and mastering, the hard way
Removing Background Conversations in Audition
How can I mute quiet parts of audio in Audacity?
Mitigating Noise From Clothes When Making In-Ear Binaural Recordings Whilst Walking
SoundFX review site where I can upload my own SFX?
looking for sound effect appearing in recent pokemon episode
I'm getting an annoying whining noise over my monitors from of my optical mouse. How do I get rid of it?
Connecting a MIDI keyboard via SP/Dif
Will shotgun microphones pickup sounds like birds chirping outside?
What is the name of this kind of audio connector?
Free software to remove "sound pattern" from recording?
How to recreate the sustain pedal effect on a mp3 sound font?
What type of sound is this? How can I make something simmilar?
How to recreate this synth sound?
Speaker Dependent voice recognition on a microcontroller?
Do any sound designers who specialize solely in UI sound for products (apps, wearables, etc) exist?
Distorted sound and echo while recording with Audacity and loopback in ubuntu
Where can I buy fake ears/pinnae to use with binaural in-ear microphones?
Scarlet Solo 2nd + AT2020 noise problem appears after some time
audio waves length change when tempo change [Logic Pro X]
Recording audio from PC sound card
Conflict bass / leads
How to load Keyscape sounds into Logic Pro?
Playing MP3/AAC music on powered loudspeaker
(Solved) Voice isn't always clear through AT-2035
Microphones for live Interview in cheaper
USB sound card not detecting Shure mic
Name of effect and mathematical underpinnings
Mixing advice - let me know your opinion
Have changes in speakers/amps over the last 15 years resulted in objective improvements in sound quality?
Layering and mixing synths
App that quickly analyzes waveforms and displays tones
what essentials should I have for recording
Good tips/courses for using Adobe Audition to mix audio story in a 'film' style
Headphone Impedance Issue, L/R channels cancel each other out
What is the difference between DAC, Sound Card and AMP?
How to blend vocals into music using Adobe Audition
Why are speaker cable jack plugs sometimes fatter than intsrument cable
Easy way to remove spikes for the audio of a video file?
radio mics, what is in the future
Get mics to line level in the field
use AKAI mic on Laptop
Deep bass, drowning out higher frequencies?
The Other People Place bass sound
I have a BM 800 Mic that isnt working?
Condenser OK for vocals?
USB Headset simulation
Add vintage film sound effect to voiceover audio
Is there a software to find a soundtrack inside another one?
3.5 mm adaptor shortages/poor connection?
live sound engineering with many vocals
Is there a plugin architecture for sequencer / piano-roll alternatives?
Recording Batch Audio for Holiday Greetings
Route Audio from Computer to MIDI Piano?
mixing bass issues
Can I juryrig a vocoder with a MIDI keyboard and a laptop?
Temporary increase in signal/sound level/volume?
Plug-in power microphone to PC
Online "analogizing" services?
Recording Microphone with Cubase problem
Why did Audacity suddenly muffle many of my sounds, and is there a way of restoring previous versions of a project?
Faster multitrack mixdowns in Adobe Audition CC
Noise in usb audio interface?
Why does everyone use the same dolphin sound effect?
How are audio tracks finalized in the cinema industry?
Inexpensive, easily-removable ways of reducing echo in a room (see 360° image)
How do I make whispering in ear sound convincing?
Losing sound quality from CD (phono) to mixer (jack)
best way to record phone calls and play pre recorded clips whilst recording podcast?
Sound Effect Used in Dubbing Foreign Movies/ Translation
For optimal 3-way sound: should passive speakers be connected to my amplifier/mixer, or to the crossover of an active subwoofer?
When a timbre actually "change" on playback?
Metadata exporting and editing options in Soundminer HD and HD Plus
Connect compressor directly to PC sound card
What means to "gate SMPTE code"
How to create intentional audio feedback loops with level volume
Getting started with live foley work to movie picture in a small room
Setting up Microphone to avoid feedback
Simplest way to record a scratch or guide track for a band
Can audience/laugh tracks be removed from a modern sitcom?
UR22MKII very low microphone level problem
Ardour: Setting recording levels
Reducing hiss on H6
How to record the audio of one person's reaction to another person's line without overlapping audio?
Can I record 2 Audio-Technica ATR3350 lav mics split into a zoom recorder on different tracks?
Is there any way to remove foley from dialogue?
top 7 problems for artists
How to change playback speed in Adobe Audition during editing
Is a dynamic mic better than a condenser mic in terms of outside noise?
Recording our dreams: Ideas for speeding up post-analysis?
What music streaming services allow for radio broadcasting?
How did Blank Banshee extract such a clean sample from Grandmaster Flash's The Message?
Combining two clicky copies of the same record into one good recording
What are mixers that balance multiple inputs and outputs called?
delete tracks of the fruity loops mixer
Audacity select multiple ranges at same time for deleting
Does a lav mic pickup noise?
Using Yamaha YPT-255 Keyboard for Sounddesign
Advice on gunshot sfx arrangement
Can I plug a balanced stereo quarter inch jack into an unbalanced mono input?
Are BRSTM files lossless?
Difference between audio quality
How do I make a sound like this?
Buzzing noise with Taffware BM 700 condenser microphone
What's the name for the type of x-axis scale used in frequency graphs?
Rode SmartLav+ does not work with Scarlett 2i2
Suggestions on designing the sound of an animated skeleton?
Gunshot SFX Design: Should I use the actual model gun sound?
Speaker Enclosure Material
Extend periods of silence in mp3 files
How to sound like Yoda
How do I produce this sort of 3 D sound?
Battlefield 3 explosion "deaf" effect?
How to avoid killing headroom when mixing action scenes?
How to record two people side by side?
Studio Monitors/ Mac Mini (MINIJACK)
Phantom Power Issue
How to reproduce these sounds (Rick and Morty, and Castlevania)
Rode NT5 Or NT1A + scarlett solo setup for recording foley
Do dynamic headset mics require a lot of gain?
How do I load instruments into EXS24 Sampler?
Can testing the woofer outside its intended closed enclosure damage it?
Microphone was too close, how to fix?
nanoKontrol2 mapping with Ableton Live 9 - python, pots, cc... - good tutorial?
What is the difference between foley and practical sound?
Can I record sounds of every program running separately, Windows 10
Text-based way to set parts of audio track that play and skip
Send slider value from python to Ableton Live
Draw music in software
What effect(s) are used to make this sweeping delay?
Signal loss from a JBL Eon using a XLR to 1/8" cable
How to use all 8 ports (both input and output) in M-Audio M-Track Eight as seperate channels to play and record audio files
Audio recording at wrong speed
TB-03: sync issue (on Live 9)
Can anyone identify the source of these recording artifacts?
Panning/stereo problem with Denon AH-MM200BK headphones
Can I connect DI box to mixer line in?
How To Loop A Sound In FL Studio?
Do I need a studio Headphones from beginning?
How to get rid of sharp ticks/clicks when amplifying sound
Zoom Q2HD for podcast-quality recordings?
How is digital audio defined?
Best way to partition hard drives for audio work?
Obscuring voice recordings
Connecting two or more MIDI connections to a single MIDI in/out ports
Trying to re-create the New York Transit Authority Bass sound on FL Sudio 12
Why does this spectrorgam look so jagged?
Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 2nd Gen and Sontronics STC-20 low sound on Audacity
Sound proofing a small gap
How can I use one sound to filter another sound?
Hardware FM synthesizer similar to DX-7?
H4N as USB mic makes voice high pitched
Rearranging MIDI tracks VST development
How to monitor input levels on the Yamaha MG16/4
Soundcraft Vi6 audio output issue
Low/distorted signals from headworn microphone
which soundpack does these sfx comes from?
Is there some system to convert 5.1 audio to binaural audio for headphones?
Is it possible to fake decimation with FM?
Are there specific settings to focus on when wanting to create a talking sound?
How to create default Logic Pro sound using EXS24 and .wav file?
Is It Possible To Make Microphone Inputs Available to Laptop
Frequency modulation with sound instead of radio waves
Find signal-to-noise ratio of microphones inside digital voice recorders
Does lossy to lossless make sense in this case?
Gibberish phoneme dialog like in Animal Crossing
live background noise suppression with noise source
Rechargeable 2 tracks audio recorder
How to split a recording to music and talking parts
Trying to create a DAB radio garbled audio effect
Why am I hearing weird static nosie on my speakers
How can I hook two headsets with mics up to the same PC/laptop, allowing them to freely talk to each other?
Is Music School worth it?
How do 8 tracks get recorded on a compact cassette?
Oldschool house orchestral hit sample
FM and PM synthesis - what is the difference and why?
How to record voice and guitar with Zoom H6
Is it a drawback for Tascam DR-100 or similar recorders to not have adjustable AB/XY mic positions?
What kind of cable for AUX should I use?
How can I detect the sample and bit rate coming from my iPhone?
Automatic DMX lighting?
How can I replicate this 1986 vox/piano/synth stab?
SoundMiner Relink Spotting List files
Making a violin Bridge pickup -- multiple Piezo
Microphone hum when plugged into interface
Convert Mono to Stereo before or after editing?
Waves 360 bundle only works in stereo in Adobe Audition
Is it possible to synthesize speech?
What does the term "pumping" mean to define a techno track?
Can SM 57 dynamic microphone with Focusrite Scarlett Solo USB Audio Interface be used to record tabala (percussion instrument)
ProTools 9: Is it possible to automatically assign markers to the beginning of each clip (and bounce to file with markers attached)?
Weird problem with mic signal bleeding into speakers
uploading tracks to soundcloud from ableton
How to resolve electrical hum issue
How to use a wireless mic with computer mini speakers for trade show
Connecting AKG WMS40 Mini Vocal Set to PC
Is there any difference when listening to 16bit music through a DAC with more effective bits?
Can I safely use Git (Version control) to save and manage Akai MPC pattern and song files? Does anyone have experience with this?
How can I enable snap functionality in Reaper?
Will the Rode NT1-A work well with the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2?
Best Audio interface for TR808 and JU-06?
Want to create golden snitch wings sound effects
What is the best way to reduce background noise on a video recorded with a camcorder (background chatter)?
How to create a Mickey Mouse voice from computer Text-to-Speech output?
Sound Design Behind This Future Bass Lead
Omni to Cardioid for ambisonics
What unit can be used to define "loudness" across multiple programs?
How do I 'correctly' connect this mic to that wireless system
How to quickly find a pattern's effects in FL Studio
How to identify a missing plug-in?
Roland TR-808 TO Roland Boutique JU-06
Behringer U-Phoria UMC202HD and SKP Podcast 200
Dynamic amplification of a sound file
Audio effect that adds a natural sounding vibrato to a vocal track
Reduce bass through wall to neighbour
Purely Mechanical Acoustic Frequency Converter
mp4 file has no sound
EAC: Batch edit track title in metadata to use track number
Sample clip identification from a song
What is it about the narration that bother me in this track
Logic Pro X: arpeggiator active only with multiple active notes
How to electronically make a song follow a metronome?
How to check the decibel level of my headphones connecting to my windows laptop?
How does one achieve the Big Mello effect?
What happens if a 7.1 audio stream is outputted by a 5.1 soundcard?
How to make a voice over sound like a football commentator
Can my SONY ICD-UX533 be used as an external microphone to improve my GoPro sound quality?
NW-700 Sound issue
Audio compression and/or EQ for general podcast recording software
How can I get rid of the "phase shifter" sound of my voice?
Why does my mic/Audacity not record sound when my mic is selected as the Recording Device?
I want to learn about the programming behind audio modification programs
Linux music production workflow without a low-latency kernel
Steinway Piano Fuzziness/Distortion and "Click sound"
Can you use HD-SDI cables to loop antennas for wireless mics?
Is 96kHz sampling rate becoming standard for high quality audio?
M/S-stereo signal to mono (for monitoring)
How do you create those Harry potter wand sounds?
How do I set a bigger resolution for the Audacity frequency axis?
How can I eliminate sounds below a certain threshold?
Crossing stereo and mono cables between multiple instruments
How to fix low frequency hum in a Yamaha silent guitar powered by adapter?
How can I convert a mono file to stereo (same audio on both channels)?
What instruments are used as the lead in the Naruto Storm video game series? [link provided]
Removing ground hum safely
Harmonics explanation in terms of physics
How much sound quality will I lose using a headphone which works only with frequencies above 80Hz?
MP3 and bitrate
getting multitracks from a file
Basics about classical music ensembles recording
Why is there a 19.9 kHz tone in mobile digital recordings?
Logic Pro X wont work as Rewire slave to Ableton
Intensity, amplitude, frequency, and perceived loudness
DAW for Sound Design
Connecting BM800 condenser to PC
Manufacturing the Sound of Water
Phantom Power: Would it run through TSR plugs and if so would it cause electrocution?
Stand and Pop Filter for Samson Go Mic
Does it matter which jack I plug into on an unpowered loudspeaker?
Tascam DR-44WL vs DR-100 MKIII vs USB Microphone Sound Quality
How to create missile sound effect?
Artifacts when exporting sound as 8-bit WAV
How can I make a voice in the background come to the foreground and remove foreground noise?
why is there a delay when recording my second track ? they dont align
How can I learn to write audio decoding software
Voice removal from a recording
Mute noise during export audio mixdown
Wire old device's speaker to computer's line in port
Possible to convert 15in speakers into 18in?
How do I fix bass on earbuds and speakers?
What to consider when selecting RCA-to-3.5 mm cable for recordings
Mackie studio monitors cut out a second or two after turning on with mAudio interface and Windows 10
Checking for digital distortion of software synth
Can someone identify the technique used in this portion of track?
Digital distortion Clipping & mastering advice?
How to copy track in cubase
Adjusting recording levels in the Sony PCM-M10
Can a game mouse or magic trackpad improve editing experience of Pro tools on Windows 10 desktop?
Which instrument is this?
Using EQ while mixing to compensate for frequency response of monitors/headphones
removing controller noise when recording
Importing acoustic song (audio file) into Logic Pro X then adding drums and instruments
Compare audio samples with different bitrates
Multi-channel audio server over local wifi network?
Is MIDI volume scale logarithmic?
Can I split MIDI regions at program change events in Logic Pro X?
What is this sound? Some kind of LFO synth? Song: Heart of a Lion, Kid Cudi
Recording tracks on double bass
Difference between frame and sample in waveform
Can I add a 3rd XLR mic to a Behringer - Xenyx 802 mixer?
How are frames dropped in 59.94 fps drop-frame timecode?
Security for studio monitors
What kind of microphone should I use for rapping?
How can I create this rising pitch?
Why does my sound created in Alchemy play endlessly?
Roland 808 via MIDI trouble with tone playing
Connect various outputs: 1/4 / XLR / RCA from various sources to 3.5mm jack into Cellphone
Garageband Static When Switching from Stereo to Mono
What are Logic Pro’s moving green bars called and what are they measuring?
What could be wrong to my h4n zoom recorder
Zoom H5 preamps vs Zoom F4
Muffled snare/clap in dark house & techno
How should hard hitting music like EDM be mastered?
Recurring artifacts trying to export a sound as 8-bit
The higher the gain the more white noise
Minion Voice in Adobe Audition
How can autotuners be smooth?
Changing Sound's path in NI Massive
Can I damage condenser mic with Phantom Power connected using unbalanced cable?
Is it ok to put an unbalanced 1/4 inch line through an XLR stage snake?
Why do microphones underperform at distances?
cancel out audio in a recording with convolution, phase inversion
What to look out for when designing mixed material enclosure?
Best audio Format for pure audio of Vinyl Digitization
Converting DI signal to analog to record from an amp
Connect laptop to interface analog input (sounds terrible)
Is there a word for vocalizations that aren't necessarily coherent words?
Why would "2-50" watts be better than "10-80" watts?
Mid Side recording "Invert the Phase" - "Invert" is ghosted in Audition
LCR Weapons versus Stereo in VR
Speak - amplifier wattage matching
How can you fill in frequency gaps in resampled vocals?
How to design the sound of a Quadricopter Drone
(How) can I remove this special echo in a specific recording
How does SONOS play 1 produce 360 sound with only 1 tweeter?
How do you make a carrier better for vocoding (with a plugin)?
Name three most effective vocal effects used for this metal song
Would this voice mimicking idea work?
No output signal in cubase when changing ASIO driver
Does Maxing Volume On Computer and Controlling Volume With External Speakers Provide Best Sound Quality or Is It The Other Way Around
How do you edit quality pitched voice? (Q w/ example sample)
Is there a plugin that can handle knob control based on peak frequency?
Waveform comparision, similarity detection software?
I want to feel the "B" or "P" in my explosion sounds.
Front acoustic absorber placement with in-wall speakers
Acoustically transparent speaker fabric
VST plugins that generate MIDI signals
Volume enhancement of recorded calls
Best way to record a spatial experience
Understanding The Effect Of Attack On The Dynamic Range Of A Compressed Signal
Modify the voice of only two people to have a voice cast
Identify source of "clicking" in track
Can I use phantom power on an iPad?
How to achieve the strange vocal effect on this track?
How can I make this pluck sound?
RTP MIDI between MAC and Windows
Miss Independent Synth
how to connect keyboard to harmonizer?
How to crossfade between more tracks in Ableton Live?
Connect PS4 and Macbook together to analog speakers
Power supply for guitar effects
Mic to record an audience of 20 - 30 people?
HTML5 audio recorder stream and upload to MVC server - Why is it noisy?
Sound Engeneering and it's true colour
I have 2 keyboards PSR E353 and PSR I455. Can I connect them both in a midi setup?
PA Speaker Placement Wide Room
How to check used amplifiers?
How would you design the sound of a submersible propeller?
Is there a standard name for embedded loop markers in WAV files?
Combining several inputs to a single headphone output?
What FX is used at the end of the "What does the fox say" video?
What is playback volume?
What approach can I use to replicate the sound texture of the vocals in this song?
Fixing distortion and low fidelity on a re-recorded audio cassette
Comparing two spectrograms
What's the sound difference between blown out speakers and needing new foam?
How to disable audio fade in for Steinberg UR 22mk2 on Linux?
How would you go about designing the sound of a jetpack?
Tremors in Speaking Voice. Editing Ideas?
Garbling and distorting voice with (or without) sox
Designing a diffuser to direct reflections to side walls
Which amplifiers have close to zero latency?
Is it possible to fix such level of corruption in a buggy audio recording (sound distorded-choppy-Laggy)
Add .wav metadata in Kid3 on Ubuntu
Do I really need to dump tons of sand into the stage i'm building?
How to design gunshots
Make it sound like outdoors
Is "Designing Sound" a good beginner's book?
MP3 Psychoacoustic Cut-off Frequencies for Low-Bitrate Presets
Can I change the MP3 encoder in Cubase Elements 7?
Why can't an adapter be designed to turn normal headphones in to noise canceling headphones?
Issues with microphone cables
How to use Aux send/return on Jeskola Buzz
Can I do something physically to keep my Blue Yeti from picking up AC noise?
suggestion for Microphone
What is the correct way to use multi band compression in a studio setting?
I have a high pitched squeal that I can't eliminate
Is analog or digitally stored audio better sounding?
Is there any loss of audio quality when converting from digital to analog audio?
Extract lecturer voice and ignore background
Patch Cables: are XLR better than 1/4 inch balanced?
Recreating This Bass with a VST Synthesizer
Neutral reverb without sense of room for making wind
How would YOU design the sound of fingernails on a floor?
Advice on calibrating complex stimuli that vary in amplitude and also decay over time
Wiring 2x subwoofers down to 1 or 0.5 ohm on a 2 ohm verified amplifier?
undesired interaction between multiple inputs to PA system
Which kind of dynamics processor is this (inverse expander, reverse compressor)?
Separate speakers from stereo microphones
DI box : which is more versatile, active or passive?
FLAC compression level comparison/efficiency analysis
What is a good synth for a beginner to learn on?
Is there a standard way to organize audio tracks?
Understanding the Wet/Dry Knobs & Feedback for a Delay Plugin
Pitch shift vocals without sounding sqeaky (Logic Pro X)
Need help to identify a sound effect/music
Cinematic soundtrack recording - is it better to record instruments sections separately or all together?
Is there any application that can generate waveform and sine waves of audio files?
NW800 condenser mic with phantom power records quietly
VST Synths for creepy atmosphere in OSX
How to Play Audio in Realtime in LMMS?
Behringer Eurolive B115D for keyboards
Options for unmixing sounds (source separation)?
Decibel specification for audio equipment
What type of microphone is best suited for recording ambient sounds?
Recording setup for a podcast
How to make this descending pitch heavy sound?
Connecting two dynamic microphones to one preamp
Why do nearly all audio-visualizers only work with volume and not pitch?
General/fundamental question about factors influencing audio quality
Can I get a recommendation on how big and what type/brand of PA I need?
How to create a sci fi gun charging up sound effect
flstudio - How to not play sound on placing a note in piano roll?
Specific instrument increase
Is there earphone ear mold sleeve exists?
How to I properly reduce the voltage intended for a speaker to a level appropriate for Mic input?
Tool for creating a WAV given a function of time/sample
Procedure for setting up DAW automatic latency compensation
Storageformat for audiobooks
How do I eliminate occasional loud pops from my studio monitors?
Make my voice sound like The Beatles
Does speaker calibration software reduce the life-span of the speakers?
Extract wavelengths or frequencies out of a recorded sound
Novice question: should I normalize my audiobook sound?
Where should I spend money to improve installed sound system?
live effects using usb on mixer
MP4 file, Recorded on two seperate devices, One person to loud the other to soft
How to create a space shuttle take off sound effect?
Are actors' voices in the 2.0 sound positioned in correspondence with where we can see them in the video?
Song mix sounds differently in computer and mobile phone
How do echoes work?
Research question 6.5mm jacks connecting to macbook pro headphones
How to input sounds live during a podcast
mixing audio live over the internet between mac & pc
Bluetooth headset mic with windproofing for recording audio whilst cycling
What is this Behringer X1622USB footswitch insert used for?
How does Reaper interpret timecode?
How can I combine two sound sources in one sound device
Multiband Compressor or Octave-Band Filter plugin
Fixing an over-distorted guitar track
Microphones for instruments ranging from double bass to fife
Understanding various input lines types for mixing?
Possible Harmonium/Reed Organ Synthesizing Techniques
Which DAW can provide editing of multiple MIDI channel tracks open simultaneously?
Laptop external sound card
How to restore damped high band?
How to duplicate a VST on Mac?
What is this screeching noise?
Percent volume increase to decibels
Insert / paste before cursor in Audacity?
The best mic's for mancave jam room to hear the room
Using Sennheiser MKH 418s for mid side recording with Zoom F4 and/or Tascam DR-100 MKII
Sound System Setup for Live Band (Acoustic Violin,Guitar & Digital Keyboard)
At home deconstructable vocal booth in apartment
What makes low quality speakers become distorted when at high volume?
For voice editing, should I change the cutoff frequency with each note pitch?
White noise on audio setup for two computers
Live streaming audio
Combine 2 USB mono mic audio inputs into L + R of stereo virtual device
Help with amplifying voice on a call recording
Can I use older DAFF files as HRIRs in VA?
representing objects in vertical aural space
Need help to understand the basic components of sound
Can a FX send on a mixer be used as an extra buss for multi-track recording
Understanding how ffmpeg's silenceremove filter correlates to Adobe Audition
Specific violin sound effect often used in anime, when something heavy is revealed in a comic way
Portable anechoic test chamber microphone suggestions
What is the common solution and terminology for "smoothing out" a waveform?
Is it possible to modify speech intonation?
How do I transfer VST plugins from FL Studio to Ableton Live?
To record infrasonic sound in the presence of ultrasonic sound.
Merging focusrite scarlett inputs into one
What is Tidal's 'Master' Quality sample rate and bit depth?
How to add Decibels?
Why do reversed sounds makes us feel scared?
Why we hear noise (when it's silence) while AUDIO - RECORDING
7 band EQ frequencies for full-track playback?
How can i record my digital piano's sound on PC?
Extension cable for camera audio input
Can you tell which percussion instrument this is?
Play MIDI from DAW with Korg Volca FM
Famous songs recorded and edited with Audacity?
Whats the role of a DAC and is it totally different to a dedicated sound card?
Sync Korg SQ-1 with DAW (Logic)
What dBFS threshold should I set for differentiation between silence and NOT silence
How to use Korg Monopoly's "Trig In" port to trigger appegiator -
Can I connect a bass guitar directly to my mixer?
Built-in Line Output to Interface Line Input on a Mac
How to dampen subwoofer?
What is the sound source at the beggining of music: (Tina Turner - Sarvesham Svastir Bhavatu)
What technology/technique is used in this track?
How to cancel out sound in an audio track?
Eliminating taking of breath
Can I place loudspeakers behind the audience rather than in front?
microphone selection to record boiling of water
How would you synthesize this kind of bass?
What "signed" means in the context of sound / adio file formats?
alternative to mp3
Good software for doing scifi female speech without recordings?
Repair audio file without header
Which acoustic spectogram shows higher quality of audio file?
PS4 and Gran Turismo Sport menu sound effects
Is it safe to leave phantom power turned on?
Should I use pedals for guitar effects while recording?
Max output voltage microphone
very noisy neighbor and need to record her rantings
Midi to .wav conversion
Connecting guitar to mixer and pc
How to record a low frequency pulsating sound?
How to make this synthpop 80's style tom sound?
Convert speaker stereo mix to headphone
How does "transcribe!" or guitar tuner work?
Preamplifier to get Max Output Voltage
Why wood is used for creating orchestral music theaters?
Opening MIDI in DAW
Identify periods of silence
Question about the Haas Effect
Mixing board output to single Bose L1 compact
Midi Sequencer Help
Melodyne Essential mistakenly interpreted two notes as one. Can I correct this?
Weird pops and cracks in my Reaper input?
Map MIDI signals to play custom audio clips
furman power conditioner stuck in delay 1 flashing mode
how to meke fl studio stop adding new tracks every time it loops
Mac Audacity Pinned Playback
Connect XLR microphone to amplifier
Does "converting" mp3 file two times, makes a difference?
(for playback from PC) Can I get EQ ability by adding an analogue mixer to PC & M-Audio M-Trrack 2x2 USB Audio Interface
Mic plugged in the guitar input does not work
rhythm guitar sound on 'only tomorrow' (my bloody valentine) (pedals?amps?guitars?mic placement? etc.)
How to connect dbx 286s and dbx 266xs to Behringer DX2000USB Mixer
mono audio channels
Mic'ing character inside full animal costume?
Does anyone know how to convert dls files to sf2 ones?
Connection between Sound card and Reference Monitors
UAD Apollo and Thunderbolt length limitations
How to recreate the lead/distorted bass in Awolnation - Sail?
How do I make my interface (or OS) output stereo with a mono mic that outputs on the left channel?
What is a good way to connect an analog soundboard to a computer?
How do I make 2 voices in ONE audacity track sound about the same volume?
Cassette deck input to computer
How to make wood reverberate less?
Using Samson C02 for small groups
What is a good way to connect a soundboard to a computer?
How can Increse the volume for a specify range of peaks AUDACITY
Difference in Hz when recording audio?
usb microphone suggestions for eliminating background noise
What is this effect called?
How to get this sound?
MIDI noise and latency problems
Software for very precise tempo/note duration
Theater Sound Design Audio Editing Software
How to get number of Frames(or Samples) per sec or ms in a audio (.wav or .mp3) file?
Is this phasing/modulation normal?
Filter slope and roll off freq add up?
How should I use Audition to convert audio for retimed 24fps to 25fps for broadcast?
Audacity: voice deepening
Does an XLR adaptor provide higher quality audio?
Which is the better recording of this song?
Phantom Power cause noise
WAV file not in sync with source MP3 file
Do inverse/reverse sawtooth waves sound different to human ears than forward sawtooth waves?
Looking for a recording/mixing workstation
What does 100Hz 12dB per octave mean?
How to apply an Android device as a MIDI controller for LMMS on Ubuntu?
Interference in new audio setup - how do I get rid of it? Possible ground loop?
Should I spectral balance a voice with EQ?
Why don't we develop more and better midi controllers for non keyboard instruments
What VST should I use to make my microphone sound like a PA system?
Problems with xlr mic
Directivity index measurement - steps to follow
PA Mixer monitor - mono to stereo headphones
Conditional math (intersection) to join two audio tracks
Do I need one preamp for each microphone
Is baffle-step compensation obsolete because of room correction?
Questions regarding mono / stereo during mixdown
How to create trailer voice effect
Instrument to sound card and output to guitar amplifier
Routing asio soundcard output to a PC input device
Audio cuts out after some time on mixer when set to -10dBV level
Best way to record drums with one Mic?
Does Nektar Impact LX49+ MIDI keyboard work with LMMS?
How can I record with multiple mics at once?
What are the units of amplitude?
My keyboard recordings sound tinny/low quality
What is a "hot" output?
Stereo vs mono studio monitors?
My keyboard plays all MIDI in on one instrument regardless of channels transmitted. Why?
Why does ffmpeg's conversion from mono to stereo lower the volume?
What is the difference between Vorbis and Opus?
Requesting tips - Sound/foley workshop without software
Mic recording an annoying 2KHz noise I cannot figure out from where!
How can I mount a Shotgun Mic to a Desk?
Connecting keyboard, soundmodule, and a PC
Best codec for voice and mechanical keyboard clicks?
One Audio Interface and Multiple DAW
Has newfound popularity of cassettes spawned interest in improved-fidelity DSP-assisted recording techniques?
Convert XML to AAF
How do I make this sound in Logic Pro?
Help identify this instrument
Laptop -> Audio Interface -> Studio Monitors
What equipment do I need to hear my own voice feedback on phone calls?
Extract audio from mp4 container without re-encoding or command prompt?
What microphone setup is best for recording 1-4 people?
Selecting proper amplifier output level
Can you help identify this sound effect?
How to create an audio file from a spectrogram?
Splitting a condenser mic and using phantom power
Which software can simulate room reverb and response?
How can I run mics with xlr into an old (ancient) mixer with 1/4 TS inputs?
Automatically locate part of waveform in long audio file using another waveform which is a small part of it
What components will I need to create a PA system?
How to export an Apple sound to Cubase
Voice recording editing software
Audio recording software, continues recording during playback
For my specific purpose (1 mic, hiphop vocals only), will one of these preamps give a better sound?
How to filter hiss from amp to speakers?
Mixing amplified signals of a 2.1 amp and outputting them to 2 speakers
Midas MR 18 OSX 16 track 24bit 44.1khz 4-second-long random dropout issue
Repackage woofer and tweeter
Foley Sounds for a swimming pool
How to improve SNR of low signals
How to choose and connect graphic equalizer to adjust TV sound through external amp
Where are Audacity effects chain files saved to on MacOS?
Record 2 different tracks with my computer
Help to Synthesize Chains Dragging FX?
"Move" waveform "up"/"down"?
Sennheiser MKH 418S power adapter
Record ambient noise without voices
Open source software/library/tool/patch/... for converting audio to MIDI suggestions?
what is this sound effect?
How to make low-tech microphone sound effects?
Audio input echoing in audacity, but not from the direct line
Explaining in laymen terms the difference between a recorded waveform sound levels and SPL levels
Is there a way to normalize a track, in the sense of removing dynamics?
help me find the sound effect
Need tiger growls and roars
Multiple midi CC# on one single knob
Suitable lapel/neckband microphone for dual mic presentation
How to figure out Line-in or Mic-in
What are those "IN 1/2 MS Matrix" and "L/R MS-RAW MONITOR" functions on a Zoom H5?
Converting a 3.5in mic input to line level portably
How to change channels in audio (from BOTH to LEFT) without re-encoding/conversion?
Do I need an audio interface to play only voice/keyboard?
When you Know it Needs Something Else
Are these frequencies permitted in Colombia?
Microphone to record piano in concert hall
recording city sounds
ModMic with Creative USB soundcard
How to export individual channels from Propellerhead Figure to DAW?
iRig Pre and Huawei P8 Lite 2017 compatibility
Crackle, pop and distorsion when recording in Cubase
What would I need to vocode my voice with an animal sample?
Improve Sound Quality Of USB Microphone
Volume in MIDI track keeps resetting
Hardware recommendations to record two separate tracks but keep them in sync over long session? (1st from local microphone + 2nd incoming from Skype)
Surround sound on broken headphones?
Will playing back clipped audio damage device speakers?
Isolate conversation recorded in noisy cafe
Foley - Simulate light wind through trees
How do I 'widen' my PC's stereo?
Stereo Spread on a 3.2 Channel System
I bought a Floureon BM-800, and neweer 48v phantom power, but still no sound?
How to synchronize Play (start/stop) between Juno-Gi and Drumbrute?
Sound Card Creating Mic Static
Which sound format converts to text in SoX?
Stereo channel combinator
Microphone catching only my voice in a noisy room
How can I boost/cut different instruments in the same frequency?
Playing Strings smoothly. Electric piano or non/semi weighted keys?
How to remove DC offset from normalized white noise?
Loud audio recording microphone
Music in .ogv movie played in a game engine (RPG Maker XV Ace) has distorted audio
Recording questions from a conference crowd
What is the best way to mike a grand piano?
What is the best way to change the voice from male to female (instantly)?
Audio spectrum analysis: PC Software vs Hardware Spectrum Analyzer
Templates for Audio Drama
Help recreate bass synth like KOOS, Drezo
FOLEY TECHNIQUE: How to do squirrel running on a tree?
Emulating StarWars X-Wing Recv Communications Effect
MIDI, how to implement CC-65, C-5 and CC-84 and example?
How can I recreate this sound?
Behringer Xenyx 1002 mixer to Crown CTs2000 amp
Do some dedicated sound cards have a "stronger" line-out signal than on-board chips?
Improving digitalized tape recordings - more than what I've done
Connecting guitar amplifier to mixer via headphones out
How can I splice previous voice recordings to create completely new audio?
Do I have enough information to make frequency response curve?
Workflow / Work Organization
What is this sound effect? (Lady Gaga's Monster)
Is this a piano?
Can speakers wear out?
How can I create this transition effect
Bose Compact T1 Audio Recording on MacBook
Does side address off-axis voice recording give better quality than speaking directly?
Military Weapon Sound Design from Abstract Sources
How to make ASMR sounds?
How would I route iPhone vocals into my DAW?
limiter settings for recording dialog
Can metal desk legs cause grounding or interference issues?
In regards to live sound, what is "Mix Coherency"?
How to tell if an audio track follows A440 standard?
Recording group of people playing tabletop rpg
Why don't speakers sound as good as instruments
Phasing out monitor bleed
How to midi map device pads to drum rack pads across multiple drum racks in ableton
Buzzing/Hissing issues
80s VHS tracking effect
Making a voice hollow, breathy
How to achieve stereo width on choruses?
What is the best way to play inaudible sound?
Tips for Blending Voice with Hang Drum (or other instrument with similar frequencies)?
line-level adjustment problem
How to connect Powered Subwoofer to Mixer?
Is there a way to split audio?
Loud hiss coming from speakers when on line input
Basic audio switch for one output and two inputs
Recording microphone and system sound in separate tracks in Audition CC
What's this echo-like effect called and can I achieve it in Audacity?
At what volume should we mix audio at?
Make a midi theme sound like "8-bit" / chiptune
How to create music mashups
Is there a relationship between sound absorption and distance from the source to the barrier?
Mixing question about headphones
How do i take the arpeggiated midi and get the notes/rhythms being played in logic pro?
I'm looking for a database of open source audio plug-ins that will work with several DAWs, particularly Logic.
Converting 8 bit sound into 2 bit sound
Playing a Waveform Image
Recording ants: mic recommendations?
Sennheiser K6 making purring sound?
Yamaha AG06 USB output is too low on MacBook Pro
Exported files are silent. Pro Tools First
delivering a mix for shortmovie L0R0 or Lt Rt
Audacity - moving the waveform graph up/down
Source localization on a laptop
Setting up Mics, Mixer, Guitar and Camera
Combining multiple Speakers Impedance - what is the preffered way?
Weapon Projectile Sound Design
It's impossible, how do I get a lightweight, portable, loud busking amp/PA?
Logic Pro X Long Recording - Static Clicks While Speaking
Why do YouTube Converters use MP3?
How could I remove static/current noise while noise reduction is not useful
What's the difference between pad and drone?
How is Soundflower an Output Audio Device?
Project not bouncing to MP3 because of Master Track in Channel Strip List
Making loud sounds louder but leave under threshold
Headphones splitter for audiointerface's line out
4 bit audio editor?
Extract background music having some files with voice
Is there a way to find the degree of compression used in a recording
Audio callback and multiple threads
Wav file amplification
audacity noise removal without using noise-only portion of the song
What is causing this audio glitch during recording?
Using the Zoom H5 as a audio interface under Linux
Reproducing effects on recorded track, in LIVE performance
Identify a technique used when miking boxing matches?
Cost-effective way to convert a clip-on condenser to wireless?
Pan laws for more than two channels
What should I be replacing my RME Fireface UC with?
Mixing balanced and unbalanced connections
The headphone works only when different levels for L/R are set
Condenser Microphone - Constant noise when using Phantom Power
Problem with SD card and new Zoom H5
Does a 64 OHMS Headphones require an amplifier?
How to create voice distortion like this amazing TED Talk
How can I measure the sound intensity outside my house?
Adding Chime Effect in Adobe Audition CC 2018
Is it possible to write custom Ableton midi effects?
Is DSD actually practical or just theoretical
Software equivalents for the high end hardware microphone pre amps
How do 7.1 VSS speakers know where the sound is coming from
Automated process to seamlessly loop music
Podcast headphone monitoring
squared stage and (4) speaker position
What's the difference between 3 pin, 4 pin, and 5 pin XLR intercom headsets?
Sources or sound library for fictional vocals (spoken sentences, PA)?
Is there a sound quality difference between RCA (analog) and optical (digital) connections?
What are readily usable metal tools to use for sword-like sounds?
How loud would a 40 mile high speaker be?
Is there a convention to categorize different levels of stereo enhancement?
Is a shorter range frequency response better for audio quality
Audio interface question - number of inputs needed?
Using Bluetooth Speakers for Live Music
Any way to find out the sample rate, etc. of a .VOX file?
Dynamic mic to XLR input
How can I create 8-bit audio files?
Does a higher sample rate compensate for quantization errors from higher gain?
bm800 mic no sound but static issue
How do you slow down a sample without losing so much quality?
Best way to set up my DIY studio/recording/interfaces?
Threshold and Out ceiling in Waves L2
Fixing Latency & Microphone Bleed in Post
Why does a dedicated audio card produce better sound than phones, portable players and builtin PC audio codecs?
What Cable do I need to connect Bose L1S and Reloop Beatpad 2
can't figure out why my mic wont work right
How to remove Hitler's voice using audacity | Removing a certain typical sound in audacity
Field recording with a Zoom H6?
How to change volume of a .wav file in a mp3gain-like way?
What causes an imported audio CD file to have silent gaps?
On proper use of Waves L2
Condensor mic stops buzzing completely after I touch the grill. Why?
LC Low Pass Filter Design
Pitch shift select frequencies
How to make a sound like this?
is changing voice technologies 2 ways?
Is it possible to extract speech from an audio with noises at the same/higher level than the speech using noise cancelation/source separation
Acoustics exercise
Audacity Recorded Commentary Is Out Of Sync With My Webcam And Gameplay Recordings
What's the easiest way to utilize the stereo tracks on my Zoom L-12 as microphone inputs?
Can running audio from a laptop ruin your mixer?
Why is there static in the output of my Xenyx 802 mixer?
Reducing Noise Levels in Dog Shelter Inexpensively
Is there a device that confines the sound in the surroundings of the mouth or face
One of my speakers won’t play high frequencies until volume is raised very high
All my mixer states gone - FL Studio
Recording 24hrs of audio in multiple files
What is the name of the instrument used in this song?
Sound uneven after installing more powerful woofer
Condensor mic with phantom power constantly buzzes
Lapel Mics - Avoiding Spill from Multiple Speakers
Lapel Mics (Receiver) – Why use 'AF Out'?
Strange audio signal from unknown source
Is converting a wav file to an m4a file going to reduce sound quality?
Extracting common waveform from two clips
How can these wav/mpeg files be the exact same duration—down to the (apparent) millionth of a second?
Audio interface on a tile floor
How to split stereo to left/right mono for dual stereo speakers
Searching for live natural soundscapes
Is there a way to fix loose or less enunciated speech?
Audio-Interface to computer - multiple separate channels
How to increase mixdown volume
Can I connect XLR mic to my portable Bluetooth speaker (with sufficient signal strength)?
(Noob) How to reduce and increase volume on a single track?
Line inputs and sound quality
Automated Crossfade between two AUX tracks
Is it possible to use the mouse scroll wheel to adjust parameters in Serum in FL Studio?
Downmix Quad to Stereo by discarding rear channels
Logic Pro X / Mastering / Volume / Soundcloud
How to save entire project in Izotope RX 6
Any tape vst plugin out there with accurate Tape compression emulation. Most Available are only saturation?
making a tree crack and creak and falling with sound synthesis
How do I eliminate (or reduce) the dynamic range?
Choose between AAX or VST
Silenting the noise down, after recording
Sound of racing cars passing by at different velocities
Noise in KRK's when using Audio interface
Enhance vocal percussion / beatboxing
Are 4 inch subwoofer any good?
How did they do it ? Sound spacialisation at mixing - Daft Punk & Agnes Obel
Why do so many tracks have an insanely high noise floor / white noise?
Ultra-efficient sound editing tips for battle scenes?
Irreversible functions to distort sound that still retain discriminatory features
Attenuator/volume control between amplifier and speaker
Write notes to piano roll on FL Studio while playing guitar via audio interface
Sennheiser EW 100 G3 (Lapel) - Good starting settings
Record two-way audio from phone with laptop
Safe to record a synth with a 1/4" cable instead of MIDI?
Low sound quality with Kontakt 5
What are the options available in Bluetooth earphones with display and multipoint connectivity
What is the difference between XLR cables and TRS cables in a live environment and in a recording environment?
Why do subwoofers have different frequency ranges?
Transient shaping of kicks and snare drums
Sound Library Organizer for Linux?
How to match a talent voice between different takes?
What devices do acoustical consultants use to measure sound?
Irritating high pitched noise filter?
DAW software that I can share between 2 computers?
Super wet reverbed instrument into a vibrato pedal
How to make a gust of wind from a continuous wind record?
How to power-off digital mixer to power off safely
I have a sound project. For blind children ages 3-10 years to consult
How to improve guitar tone for recording?
Convert to AIFC with ima4 compression
How to make a basic thick soft bass
Who can identify this microphone?
How to add fills and short sections in FL Studio?
How to create beast's roar effect from recorded human voice?
Is there a / what is the mathematic explanation of the warm analog sound?
Going from Cell Phone 1/8" stereo jack (in mono mode) to Behringer MPA40BT-PRO
In what order should I change the various volume knobs in my setup to change the volume of what I'm hearing?
Microphone technology for noisy environment
Converting -10dbm to dbu?
Determining how a sound file was modified
Sending MIDI from Ableton to a rack mount delay through a sound module
Combine PS4 and PC audio to have it play through one headset (through means of a mixer?)
How to merge ~700 very short, sequentially numbered, audio files into a single track?
16 channel output under linux
Should I start mixing my first ever produced track?
Best way to control audio in dual (same LAN) locations from one spot.
What joint stereo bitrate is equivalent to 64k mono?
Ideas for creating a "Drain / Siphon" magic spell
Audio ADC vs uncpecified ADC with similar parameters
I have an issue with my audio being not as clear as I want it
What do classical radio stations do to their tracks to normalize audio volume?
How do I generate a 0 dBFS sine-wave in SoX? (output clipped warning)
Setting up an XLR microphone for PS4 and PC (with Astro A40 MixAmp)
How to extract the data coming in sub 20hz Audio analog signal
Can someone help me figure out this sound?
What is the effect used here that resembles a distorted guitar?
How to substract two similar audios, and play the difference(in wav.file or mp3. file)
How can I make a mechanical cat purr?
Recreating bone-conducted inner voice
How do I read this frequency response chart?
How to adjust playback volume of Cubase on Windows
How do I comply with the CALM act in the US with loudness levels?
Cleaning/Fixing corrupted audio
software / plugin recommendation for creating sci-fi sound effects
MIXER - How to convert PC headphone to Line in Signal?
Very low microphone input volume
How to Record Snowmobile Audio (Equipment and Methods)
Audio file in shorter in m4a than in PCM
Quality loss when using high amounts of gain in DAW instead of recording louder
Is there a software tool or web service to detect problems in speech recordings?
Connect DJ controller to 2x home speakers using AUX
How to create a gentle summer breeze and gentle leafy breezes?
Headset plugged into Yamaha piano and Laptop at same time. Does not have to be wireless
How can I remove short bursts noises in a recording?
Is there a way to do this?
Two-person interviews in a noisy room: microphone recommendations?
How to properly equalize headphones?
Is this a sensible setup for interviews?
Audio mixer with dedicated mic output
Recording internal Body sounds for a Soundinstallation
Record USB mic and Skype separately
Filter certain instrument/sound from track
How do I fix the frequency of my audio?
What is considered a 3d sound?
Merging two jack audio sources from guitars and BT from PC into one source
I cant remove "hiss" sound on my Audacity track
Are the speakers in a good position?
Shock Mount - Why use elastic?
How to design squeak and creak sounds of metal objects?
How to remove this unnecessary high waveform that prevents me from amplifying to the highest possible (but still fine) decibel?
Connection Zoom H5 with AKG C 417 PP(XLR phantom adapters)
What are the bytes following a midi note on or note off?
Can I automatically select / remove clipping / peaks above -3dB in Reaper?
How to record the tick of a mechanical pocket watch?
Advice on Building a Portable foley stage/pit
Audition samples in Logic Pro
Does amplification and De-amplification of a recording affect the quality?
Focusrite 18i20 to SONY HDR-PJ780VE Camcorder
Did hdmi ever not support audio?
How do I use Adobe Audition for Spatial Audio Mixing?
I need some help understanding balanced/unbalanced and mono/stereo cables
Shockwaves: loudness or speed?
Hospital Reception Sound Recording
Why is 1000W pro Amp delivering less SPL than 100W cheap amp?
How to determine DC Amperes required for Amplifier?
"Super W" neoprene pads for electronic drum decoupling platform?
How to connect mixer's mono aux send to stereo input of FX unit?
Audio formats safe to re-render as multiple times without noticeable degradation?
Is there a software that allows cutting while recording?
exporting .wav as .m4a creating sync issue in audacity
Foley - tire rolling sounds for an animated series
How to power an outdoor DJ Set?
How can I add metadata on audio files?
Music but low / intermittent vocals
Audio Files of Interviews with Overlapping Questions/Responses
How to make a troll attack
Using Audacity, how do I split out separate speakers from a single track to multiple tracks
Record Very Low Sound
+48v phantom on electric piano?
best material to absorb Sound
What is the name of this psychological effect?
How can i remove noise from sound coming from my computer mic jack ?
Combined Jack headset (mic/audio) to audio only
Microphone Array
Isolate a subwoofer from the floor below
Behringer C1-U Microphone Static Noise In Background
My RODE Podcaster is recording distorted sounds.No sound at all if it's quiet
Dialogue Editing Workflow
Share your experiences with USB Audio Interfaces (Specifically Behringer and Steinberg)
What effect used here? How can I reproduce it? (stutter, repeat, glitch)
Pure Data Vanilla: Random float number generator
What is the best way to convert 1/8" cable to dual 1/4" input monitors
What is Causing Power Issue with Blue Snowball?
Programming Realistic Piano in DAW: Velocity of note
Sound Design: water, river, streams etc using a synth
pioneer ddj sb2 unbalanced sound
What gives a square wave harmonics, and not a sine wave?
How to make this huge distorted analog bass/pad sound?
How to do live vocals effectson microphone input, using LMMS?
Which Desktop Apps Can Playback MP3 Chapters?
Source moving at speed of sound
What is the difference between Audacity's dB and MP3Gain's dB?
What is a low-cost home-brew way add basic stage monitor with PA system?
Using Ableton, how can I replicate the synth used in this song?
I want to recreate a quirk that comes from mixing TRRS plugs with TRS sockets
Microphone with XLR adapter won't work in my mixer
ME-1 personal monitor showing signal on meter but no sound on outputs
How can I correct loud audio with noisy high peaks?
Is there a word that describes when too much audio is being play simultaneously?
Suggestion on changing the quality of generated sound
Input levels (mic/inst/line) and DI-Box
Do Opus And AAC Use Artistic License To Improve Sound Quality By Sacrificing Accuracy?
What is gain when the input is digital and the output is analogue?
does obstacles in front of sound work bidirectional?
Grado SR80 headphones, measurements with multimeter
Mad scientist: How to cancel out hum of known amplitude from signal of unknown amplitude?
Converting from float 32 PCM to signed 16 PCM. Does it matter if I resample before or after the bit depth conversion?
I don't understand speaker input wattage
Sending drums and vocals to the in-ear monitoring mixer on stage
Splitting audio to 2 headsets
Static When Recording From My Mixer
Mic up a Barbershop conversation
Car & Two Wheeler Simulator Sound
Is it okay to increase the gain of the master stereo output if enough headroom is available?
Pitch shifting made my audio weird
Repair bad Ogg Vorbis export from Audacity?
Buzzing sound in my audio. I think its the mixer
People using descriptive words on high-fi flat audio
Question about audio interfaces
What is the best microphone type for recording natural outdoor sounds?
Propellerheads Reason question: banking clips? how?
how do I record output from a Roland voice transformer (midi or 1/4" output) on a Zoom recorder (XLR input)?
Microphone for two presenters while screencasting?
Connecting both my mixers and my audio interface to my studio monitors
Audio manipulation - How to
Impedance mismatch buzzing?
How can I connect my Casio keyboard to my pc?
How to find difference between 2 versions of the same song (one longer than the other)?
Problems in GoProHERO6 Audio RAW
What frequency / quality for voice clips?
How to set mic input levels on ART Tube MP Studio V3
New BM-800 Problems
Condenser mic noise - can anyone identify the problem?
I've learnt how to use an advanced synth, but don't know how to make advanced sounds
Mini Synth via external soundcard
Does "quality" of FireWire cables matter?
Routing raw MIDI to software synth
Is it safe to convert rca to xlr
Is it that bad to run line level audio wires next to AC wires?
Which type of microphone is best equipped to capture eating sounds?
What are some sounds that indicate we are in a night scene?
Can a digital audio have a negative decibel?
Any reason to use MP3 over AAC?
Extracting Dialogue From a Scene
How is cinematic sound produced?
How to avoid computer noise in studio monitors?
Is it legitimate to use a low pass filter on short segments of audio around stitch between two amplitude signals to remove noise?
Is it possible to use frequency modulation synthesis to play human voice?
What's the difference between "FM synthesis" and "MIDI synthesis"?
Looking for sound evaluation parameters
Approximating SPL from dBFS?
How do I fix odd waveform/playback import issues in Ableton Live?
iMac noise through mixer
How to get rid of persistent mic buzz?
Emulate phone speaker
Spotify optimal level using Soundforge's statistics
Selection Shortcut for Adobe Audition
Background sounds get picked up only when I talk by Tascam DR-07X even with low-cut filter
What is the technology used in drum pads?
"Merging" multiple audio sources in Windows into single multi-channel virtual source
Do USB Mixers and USB Audio Interfaces Provide New "Outputs" in Windows?
Mics in a field recording array -techie acoustics question
Acoustic pickup solution to *only* pick up percussive sounds?
Why would the BBC have a requirement for recording dual mono?
Can I stack Microphones on a Nexia mixer?
Methods for decreasing exported .wav file size
How to apply an effect only during specific spans of time in a track?
Why does MIDI over USB appear to often have issues with latency consistency when peripherals such as mouse and keyboard deal with this effortlessly?
Is a cheap external DAC sufficient to connect 4x 250W powered PA speakers and an active subwoofer?
Subtract music from microphone input while recording
Deep noise by FM synthesis
How do I shift the frequency of a track by x Hz?
Unique setup for spatial mic array and phase issues?
Can I use a trackball in substitution of a fader to write automation on Pro Tools?
How do sound designers for musicals avoid bleed?
How can I get a stereo Bluetooth signal converted to a mono one?
Is it possible to record a short contained sound no longer than 60 milliseconds?
Software for achieving Automatic LevelGain between 2 AudioClips and Background Music
interface adat from a yamaha ls9
What is the name of this cinematic boom
Is it possible to perform noise reduction using multiple recordings?
How can I recreate Grant's signature sound using a vocoder on a synthesizer?
How can a single PC soundcard process multiple digital inputs to different analog devices?
Make VLC sound like YouTube
Best speech codec for quality and compatibility
Recording from XR18 to Tascam-DR40
Bricked Rode Podcaster - use DFU to reflash?
Ableton-like Warping in a VST?
G35 speaker, soldering
Should each drum component be created separately when coming from a midi source, then mixed?
making movie monster, need so advice about roars
Is there any cable with jack 6.3mm male to jack 3.5mm female?
Using a bluetooth headset with aux support on a PC
Change hardware output for Reaper
Microphone Hiss with Gain at 0 and No Phantom Power
Perceptual Noise Substitution and AAC
Is a "spatial shepard tone" possible?
How to Acoustically Treat kitchen-extension of room?
Sound Proofing For use of power tools in a room located in a house located in a residential area in the utmost clandestine fashion possible
Emphasize background conversation to understand what someone in the background is saying?
Power supply for single Eurorack module
m4a channel volume treated differently by different players
SoundWire server is already running
Looking for a transition sound clip
How to automatically adjust all pieces of a voice to a certain decibel in adobe audition?
Distortion on recording without clipping
Is there a way to display Lissajou curves (o'scope XY mode) in Audacity?
How to emulate this lead guitar tone
Sending midi from AKAI -> Android -> Wifi -> PC/MAC DAW
How to destroy audio (blown-out clipping effect)
How to choose the latency for the audio hardware in Adobe Audition?
"seawave" noise on the right channel of a line array sound system
how to record waterfalls
How to configure the output to be a virtual audio cable when using ASIO in Adobe Audition?
Properly cut and merge in Audacity
Can you use ASIO input and a different output?
Sound reinforcement for an outdoor event
How can one achieve a decent latency when using Adobe Audition on Microsoft Windows to enhance one's microphone audio quality in real time?
Recording speakers at community meetings
Why does Adobe Audition compute the effects that are disabled?
Multiple audio output equipment
Where can I view the latency caused by an effect in Adobe Audition?
Filter to make music sound like it's being played in a mall?
Curious loudspeaker in church
What type of adapter combines 2 mono 3.5mm jacks into 1 stereo 3.5mm jack with each mono track on a different band?
Running long PA speaker cables parallel to AC 120v lines -
Is there a tool capable of fixing loops?
Capturing 4 audio channels with exactly the same latency?
How to route a USB Microphone to an external effects processor and back with low latency
Recreating Iconic Electric Zaps
Audition Remix alternatives?
Sound source located in a room with opened door and listener is outside
What's this vocal distortion called?
New MacOS dropping Qlab audio
"Perceptually the ear hears different pitches for soft and loud 100 Hz tone." - Master Handbook of Acoustics - 5e
Make Ardour plugin send / receive Sysex
How much should volume change for an empty room vs one full of bodies?
Audio drift issue
DAW for live perfomance with ability to start/stop loops
How to remove anything but speech from 8 hours long file in audacity?
What do you differ to make something sound in front vs behind?
post production credits
How do I recreate this detuned synth?
What would cause a recording to have a completely symmetric frequency plot?
Bandpass filter using SoX
How do web video players alter playback rate?
How to sync a midi to audio
Remove vocals by combining multiple sources of the same background music? (cancel out differences)
Redirect sound from one earpiece into both earpieces of a earphone
Yamaha MG20 - What does the "variable mid frequency" knob actually do?
USB interface low interferences in one PC
Looking to record audio automatically triggered by a signal
i have a 48 volt Innogear phantom power that is causing a thumping noise to be in my recording
Balanced audio only requires one end to be?
How to single out a sound
What is the true definition for the length of a pulse (impulse-type sounds)?
What program should I use to export a MIDI/SF2 to a WAV?
Trying to establish a audio connection through an RF box for 3.5mm audio jack
Components of a convincing voice impersonation
Male Micro usb to male XLR cable?
Record the sound of a pipe organ in the church
Is it possible to seperate an audio file into each frequency of it automatically?
Microphone type for recording a string instrument in a very live room
How to connect a Roland EG-101 headphone output jack to a computer to record input?
How do I fix an m4a file that that has no sound beyond the 1st minute?
How can I record audio from an MP3 player into my Mac?
Is the beginning of Max Richter's "On the Nature of Daylight" recorded by 3 cellos, or 2 cellos and 1 viola?
VST Plugin That Maps Piano Roll To Scale
How to deal with clipping/distortion in a custom synth app
What are some ways of creating rat sounds for a short film?
Sound Design/Sound Engineering Masters in Europe
In what situations is it ok to mix stereo VST synths using "Balance" or "True Stereo Panning"?
Midfile between Logic Pro X and OnSong
how to interpret the magnitude of FFT
Reaper + Bias FX 2 + ASIO4ALL: Reaper shows "Not Connected" when setting up "Device"
Is there a a way to automatically swap a noise gate between two tracks based on relative volume?
Mac Pro 3,1 - true 5.1 control over outputs?
Connecting normal audio speakers to IP (Ethernet) network
Using a midi drum kit to trigger .wav sounds
Acid Pro 9 changed things: How to insert entire clip without dragging?
Adobe Audition - auto adjust amplitude
Batch amplify and trim (possibly with Audacity)
Will four identical speakers wired in series and parallel behave identical to one speaker (but able to handle more power)?
Best type of microphone for ambiance taken from the top of a vehicle
Mechanism to always have a specified decibel level output
How to fix the buzzing noise from external speakers
What is a waveform a graph of?
Extract similarities between 2 audio files
Creating different yet genuine human-sounding voices in Audacity. Is it Possible?
Which type of microphone is good at picking up ambient noise?
Can a pc output sound that can be received by a phones microphone input?
I tried to match the sound of this song but it sounds very different, what am I missing?
In a audio stream of signed data, what difference is there between a positive and a negative sample?
How does sound pressure gets transformed into audio data when recorded on PC?
Wireless in-ear monitors for multiple dancers
Wireless Lapels / Group Conversation - Best settings to avoid Spill
What VST works well with Pro Tools?
How do I load a Omnisphere sound into Fl Studio?
Does sound lose quality if sped up and then slowed down back to normal speed?
Is there an easy way to mix headphones and mic into one output for recording purposes?
How do speakers work?
Condenser Microphone Without Phantom Power - Constant Noise
3.5mm Audio Splitter - Diminished Quality?
How do I isolate and amplify faint dialogue on an audio track?
Adobe Audition / Audacity: If I sum all the bins of a FFT (rectangular window), do I always get RMS Amplitude?
Notes not played by Kontakt virtual instrument
How to Procedurally Change Selection in Audacity Chain (Macro) | Normalize Long Track in Chunks
How to record music with "fingers on a table" style?
Windows tool to extract the tonal centre of an audio track
Combining speaker drivers due to damaged component
How to save audio from 2 XLR mics as 2 separate audio files
What are the pros/cons of hiring backup vocalists as opposed to just having the lead singer record their own?
Getting consistent metadata onto a CD
Best choice for bandpass frequency
Logically ANDing two tracks together
Can I recover an incomplete .wav file?
SFZ+MIDI to audio via command line
How to determine cause of white noise with new microphone/preamp?
Is it possible to record the audio output of a pc directly on a usb device?
Poor quality while using PC Output Playback as Microphone for Android Phone
pa system for band
MICROPHONE - How is this PIN actually called?
Does ayasugi bori affect the sound in a musical instrument ? if so, how?
Increase volume of an audio recording without distortion
what's the difference between microphone gain and microphone "level" and "boost" in Windows?
Roland D5 Acoustic Piano
How to connect RODE videomic Pro to audio interface
Why is 3.5mm shaped the way it is?
What Soundcraft Spirit Folio 12/2 mixing desk/console outputs are balanced?
Converting balanced audio to RCA/phono audio - mixer needed?
How to make the Muted guitar preset from nexus in another synth?
Looking for voice recording setup w/ lavalier to laptop or phone
I want to cut echo from music class
What should I take into account when I want to switch to wireless sub/speakers?
how do I make a song sound like its another song
How is it possible to hear a police radio on a pair of speakers connected via a 3.5 jack to a computer?
What are these microphone connectors?
Guitar playing through PC interface and usb headphones. HELP
Random clicks sounds when I record screencast
Difference between car audio system and portable speaker
Building a DIY sound isolation box
isolating unique sound from two otherwise identical audios
How do I record a piano, respecting the balance between treble and bass?
How to remove a Neutrik 4 way loudspeaker coupler
Connecting a subwoofer to a 2 channel amplifier
How to route audio output from laptop to desktop for live streaming?
how do I connect two headsets with microphone to make a intercom kind of system
Is it possible to make this kind of voice-modulation setup?
Poor recording quality of Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 after multieffect unit
Wich of these... are the best configuration, in Lame v3.100, CMD´s command line?
Possibility of usage of wireless gaming headset with TV using USB-A dongle
Move high pitched sounds from left to right speaker
Designing Sound Effects For Digital UI
My stereo sound goes when i plug in mic
Improve quality of music recorded from a telephone call
How Software Automatic Mouth synthesis speech
Newbie who wants to record nature sounds on a budget
Tool/method/cli/SDK to take audio files and turn them into a VST or SoundFont from the command line (or a way that it could be automated)?
I am having a lot of problems with my new speaker setup
Mackie CR4 with Logitech Z-2300 subwoofer -- best setup
How does it work Equalizer?
Add multiple kits to Drum Rack?
Ideal Headphone (In-Ear) Target Response Curve
Laptop won't detect condenser microphone
Voice inversion plugin
How to get into FM synthesis in-depth?
Can the Line-in jack be used for an external microphone?
How can I record from the output of a Yamaha 400BT PA system?
Blue Snowball Ice usb mic has echo sound
WAV - Bytes per video frame
Make samples using videos
Is there any difference between S/PDIF vs USB in terms of audio quality? If yes, then why?
TRS or XLR to TRS? which one?
