Player throwing himself into another running player's way
Does football (soccer) require more calories than running?
How changing tennis balls influence players using serve and volley?
What is "indrinking"
Elmer Shoop mens open tennis wimbledon
Arm mount for GPS Watch
How exactly is the stoppage time determined?
In what game did Luis Suárez (seemingly) try to bite his own teammate?
Does a direct red card cancel a previous yellow card?
What are the best strategies for a game winning run with 1 out and a runner on 3rd?
FIFA World Cup 2014 overtime
What will happen if an umpire get injured in a cricket match?
What is the length of a cricket bail?
How to check if the bowler is throwing instead of bowling in cricket?
Is the "makeup" of this year's womens' field at Wimbledon unusual?
Football coaches who have won multiple FIFA World Cups
What language do Belgian football players use to communicate between themselves?
What are the characteristics of goal posts in football?
Change of strike in case of batsman is bowled?
Are there any rules or guidelines concerning players' boots?
In the event of a tie, how are FedExCup points distributed among tied golfers?
What is the motivation behind requiring LPGA Tour members to speak English?
"Pressing high" in football (aka "soccer")
Sinking opponent's ball
What language does referee use to communicate with soccer player?
Is Jay-Z personally doing negotiations, contract details, etc., or he is delegating as a sport agent?
Are football/soccer players paid for national team appearances?
Tennis coaches who were former opponents of the players they coached
Tenpin Bowling League Rewarding Skill but also Attendance/Loyalty
How many balls are used in a typical World Cup game?
Can a team mate give lifting/climbing support?
In table tennis, why is a ball that hits the edge considered in?
FIFA World Cup 2014 final ranking rules
What's in the small clear bottles medical staff occasionally give injured Rugby players on the field?
Why did the Netherlands put in their backup keeper for the PKs?
Can the opposing team's goalkeeper take a kick in a penalty shootout?
Is table tennis based on tennis?
How do you compare the performance of wicket keepers?
How much does it costs teams to insure against player injury?
The difference between top goalscorer and golden boot winner
Are baseball game-winning hits off the bench becoming more common?
Bad light issue in ODI Cricket
When *exactly* is a player eligible to come off the MLB disabled list?
Are there any permanent points in ATP/WTA rankings?
What is the stuff referees spray on the ground in Football matches?
What is the penalty for red cards in a round robin tournament?
Heaviest loss of last four teams remaining in history of World Cup
Why does Ice Hockey have 3 periods?
Worst defeat of a host nation in world cup history
Does FIFA have contingencies for riots during or after a match that make the winner incapable of continuing the tournament?
Why does the US Open have a tiebreaker for the fifth set?
Any statistics that are no longer used?
Is World XI a full member of ICC
How many times two teams from the same continent have played the World Cup Final game?
Calculation of runs after the umpire decision gets reviewed
Does the penalty shoot out goal count as the person goal for a player?
Why is Brazil's top football stadium (Maracana) in Rio de Janeiro rather than São Paulo?
Shall I oil new longboard bearings?
Spectators involved in play
Why does first slip stand further back than the other slip fielders?
Does the team with the extra rest day perform better?
What is use of old cricket ball?
Do teammates have to let someone else win if their team tells them to do so?
When do the first NCAA Football Polls come out?
What are the typical / expected results of using too large a surfboard?
In the 2005-2006 NBA season why was Denver seeded above Dallas despite having 16 fewer wins?
Why does Kane wear a mask one week, and the next not?
Can a batsman be run out after the ball is dead?
Yellow and Red Card pattern in football
How does a six-sided ring contrast from a four-sided ring?
What medal did the referee in the FIFA world cup get?
How the cricket ball's swing measured instantly?
What's to stop a guy staying at the back of a peleton?
Do they ever pull the goalkeeper in football?
How quickly should a drop back passer release the ball?
Where does the assistant referee watch to realize when a soccer player is offside?
How does "optioning" a player to the minor leagues work?
What is ball tampering in cricket?
Does being good at table-tennis help when playing tennis
Football penalty shootouts: Germany wins 71% of the time, England 17% only. Any reason?
How does the slope at Lord's aid swing bowling?
Why do German football (soccer) fans wear cowboy hats?
Would a catcher have an advantage batting against a former teammate pitcher?
How could pitchers once pitch both games of a doubleheader?
Why is there no ATP Masters series 1000 event on grass courts?
throwing mechanics
Football score swapping: is it ok?
Why does the Vuelta a España have a combination classification?
What does the batting strike rate signify?
How does a three team trade work?
How does a multiple player trade work?
Criteria for Man of The Match in Cricket
On what basis is the Man of The Match award given in Football and who decides that?
Statistically, who is the worst NFL team in history?
Is a goal scored if the goalkeeper catches the ball after it has crossed the goal line?
alcohol, stability, experience
Tete de la course, why are they at front?
What is the top speed of swimmers when they leave the blocks?
Free kick wall position
Is there a dry-top for the freestyle snorkel?
Are you allowed to score a goal off the ground with your head to showboat?
Has there been any punishment for taunting opponents in a top division football game?
How do minor league deals work?
Do any professional sports leagues which have drafts use a snake draft format?
What happens when both players are on the black ball?
What is the lowest overall baseball draft pick that has played in a major league game?
Why are baseball parks allowed to be be so different?
Has a player ever rallied from 2 sets down, 0-5 in 3rd set, 0-40 in 6th game?
Why have the vertically passed air gates been abolished?
Is it true that Brazil made 1 billion dollars from the world cup?
Can't float; swimming is hard
Is considered a bouncer if a batsman hits it?
Where should the play restart from an offside?
Is Tom Glavine the only hockey player who was drafted by the NHL, but went on to play another professional sport?
Are there standards for the quality of an Ultimate Frisbee game disc?
How does Champions League work?
Undocumented Tennis Shots
How can I give advantage playing padel and have a fair game?
Has a pitcher ever struck out nine consecutive batters in MLB?
How can a top seed in a tennis tournament be a qualifier?
Can you play baseball more or less defensively?
Is there a website where one can watch past f1 races?
How does arbitration work in baseball?
Have two teams ever played each other twice in the same world cup?
How to Calculate Batting Index and Bowling Index?
How do (National League) managers decide when to "pinch hit" for their pitchers?
What is "strong side" vs. "weak side" on defense in American football?
What are the rules around a tap-in in golf?
Am I hyperventilating during racing? Extreme feeling of being tired/out of breath during mountain bike races
Can you identify this New England Patriots player from the 2004 superbowl?
Two point conversion from 15 yard line?
Why there is a match for third place in football but not in cricket?
Is a base runner automatically out if they stop advancing when forced to their next base?
How do companies get their logos on racing cars?
Can a let become a stroke after a 360° turn?
Can a baseball player stop at a base after a home run?
Pitcher responsible for scored runs
What is the longest professional championship drought ever?
Maximum runs scored in an inning by a batsman
Shooting Compound bow on a Crossbow Range?
Why are runouts not recorded in cricket?
How would you score a hidden ball trick?
Cleaning table tennis rubbers
What is the destination of the used tennis balls from tournaments?
What does "bagel girl" mean in tennis?
How to design swim practices for long distance swimming
Who would hear a protest in an Inter-league game?
Blocking three pointers in basketball
Defense against an isolation play
Does a run score if the batter is tagged for the 3rd out before he reaches first?
Why is it called a "payoff pitch"?
How does the Financial Fair Play rule work?
Is an NBA team ever allowed to pay an injured player less than his contract
How difficult are world cup bouldering problems?
What makes financial fair play fair?
How does NBA players' salary increase during the playoffs?
Does tying up a glove help break it in?
Longboard wheel help
After signing a player, how soon can he play for his new team?
Which football club started the tradition of announcing player's name 3 times when they score a goal?
What does "grade" means for junior tennis tournaments?
Where can I watch old proffesional sports games?
My hop-up makes BBs turn to the side. How can I fix it?
Can I safely use tracers with precision barrel?
What kind of winter clothing will allow me to feel hits while still keeping me warm in outdoors arena
is 'B' class impact resistance of safety glasses sufficient for Airsoft?
Immaculate Reception Legality
Is it possible to enter junior tournament based on ATP/WTA rankings?
2014 New Table Tennis ball material rules for ITTF
How to draw a fixture of knockout tournament for 21 teams using quarter method
Baseball runner called out but still runs like he was safe drawing a throw allowing another runner to advance
Dodgeball: How to throw a ball efficiently?
Finished first Marathon training. Now what?
Why is a 4-2-5 defense named as such?
In tennis, how much is the server's advantage diminished if the game goes to "deuce?"
Are different skill sets required to excel at doubles, rather than singles tennis?
Is it worth fighting to hold serve in a losing set?
How can a journalist know so much information on athletes?
Why are "walkovers" allowed in tennis tournaments?
Is it a good technique or a bad technique to shuffle while batting?
How far apart are the bases in non-major league games?
If the bat slips from the batsman's hand while he/she is outside the crease then is the batsman out?
What are the benefits of a golf club fitting?
In tennis, is there any advantage to decline the opening serve?
How can I recognize what formation a soccer/association football team is in?
How often has an unseeded woman player gotten to/won the Finals in a Grand Slam tournament?
What are the dynamics of trading one veteran for several prospects?
why are quarterback more prone to injury?
8-ball call shot rules when more than one ball is scored
Who serves when in table tennis?
Why might a batter wear a leg brace?
runner in scoring position batting average
Maximum match point saved in a tennis match?
Which surfing spot has the longest barrels?
What is a "Baltimore chop" and why is it called that?
Beach tennis rackets with most control?
San Francisco 49ers uniform colors: White or red?
Record match point saved in volleyball with rally point system?
Is there a tennis statistic about set-winners depending on who serves first?
Who is the best striker (best goals/appearances ratio) with 25/50/100+ national caps?
What's the point of a half-point line?
What are importance technical differences between a squash forehand and a tennis forehand?
Before the season began, what odds did Vegas give the Orioles of winning the AL East in 2014?
Why doesn't Los Angeles have an NFL team?
Who is the oldest player who was drafted in the NBA?
Name of an old tv show
If a mole digs a hole in the football field
How to go straight with kayak in wind?
Is the 25 game suspension for Chris Davis too much?
What is it called when 2 players make a full run around a table in table tennis?
Can a player accidentally tap a penalty having elected to kick for goal?
Why couldn't the referees cancel the timeout in the Jets game?
Why two new balls in One Day Internationals?
Are more runs scored in the seventh inning due to the "changeover"?
IS atul sharma world's fastest bowler?
Why Great Britain or England/Scotland/Wales/Ireland in different sport?
Can a batsman be out hit wicket in the midst of playing a shot that would be a boundary six?
Handicap is tee-based or just man/woman?
How do pro baseball (or cricket) players decide who should catch a fly ball?
Which soccer players have more goals than games at the club level?
How to brake in rollerblade?
Why are there so many pitcher types in baseball?
Does a run scored on a tag out on a forced runner?
What happens if a receiver is beyond the end zone in football?
Can a batsman be stumped by anyone other than a wicket keeper?
What are the main differences between Challengers and Futures tournaments?
Why are NFL hash marks closer than NCAA hash marks?
How many runs can a player score in 50 over match?
Betting on even quotas
Is there any advantage to playing two home games versus one away game in a "tiebreaker?"
Personal Foul causing fumble
How does a double elimination bracket work?
Percentage of possible yards traveled?
What do these horse racing terms mean?
Requirements for Touchdown Catch Near the Goal Line
Offside when the ball was last played by the defending team
How do over-achievers and/or professional athletes overcome summit syndrome?
How does the NFL decide which teams play in London?
In NASCAR, how important is pole position?
What happens to the footballs used throughout a tournament?
Accidentally striking a ball with the cue after the first successful shot
Why does F.C. Hapoel Tel Aviv play in Europe
How does FIFA shortlist the final 23 players for Ballon d'OR?
Why doesn't a player have to catch the ball from a punt?
Do team owners earn or spend money for their clubs?
Why do pitchers sometimes pitch "out of the stretch?"
Who qualifies for a "save" in this example?
why is 2/222 called Richie benaud score?
Why do basketball players wipe their hands on their shoes?
Greyhound Racing Descriptions
Why are CFB polls so week-to-week compared to NFL's power ranking style?
Why do Baseball players cover their bats?
Does MLB Rule 7.13(2) (on blocking the plate) apply to players other than the catcher?
Linesman puts finger in the air after deking a face off
Sabermetrics Applied to American Football, Specifically the NFL
Is hiking the football required or just a good idea?
Which players won both FIFA U-20 World Cup and FIFA World Cup?
Pitchers with postseason home run
Has any baseball team used a "platoon" for fifth starters?
Father and son who were active players at the same time in NFL/NBA/NHL/MLB?
What criteria determines which team makes the national college football championship playoffs?
Can a player stand within the goal net (off the field) to avoid offside?
Historic statistics
How many times a batsman can stop a bowler while he starts bowling the ball in Cricket? Is there any hard rule/limitation for the batsman?
Shoes and shirts after football matches?
How many tennis players have finished the year as Slam-less World No. 1?
Can a pitcher throw a strike during an intentional walk?
What made Notre Dame, Notre Dame?
Can a player rotate from the back line after the serve and become a blocker?
Why was Kansas City denied home field advantage in the 1985 ALCS?
Walkoff homer, decisive run scores but following runner leaves base path
Are you allowed unlimited challenges in a hockey game?
How many championship rings does Troy Aikman have?
Have two bottom seeds ever faced off before in a "World Series?"
Why can't corner flags be less than 1.5 Meters?
In which countries do football club's second teams play in the main league system?
UEFA Champions League fixture with the most goals ever
What do you do to initiate and hold the edge during a carved turn on a snowboard?
Is it OK to cut a player from a rec level football (soccer) team?
What's the difference between "questionable" vs "doubtful" injury designations in the NFL?
Tennis finals winner with two lose?
NFL Play for Ineligible Player
What was format of tennis year-end championships in the past?
What offense fits 1 star youth basketball team?
Can all penalties be declined in American Football?
Why do players and some parent coaches tell the pitcher "you are only just a pitcher,you're not really a baseball player"?
sports odds explanation for NFL
Can you hold a tabletennis paddle with two hands?
Is a top prospect usually called up at the beginning or middle of the season?
Will the ATP Year End No. 1 be awarded after the ATP World Tour Finals or the Davis Cup finals?
What are the main differences between regulations of the NFL and the CFL?
Why do female footballers play a higher number of international matches compared to a male footballer?
What does it mean to rebuild a team?
Is Greyhound Racing Seasonal?
Pre intense soccer game preparation strategies
Can a ball change status (fair/foul) once it hit the ground?
Position of the Defense in Soccer Offside
How to get more self-confident while jumping kickers?
How do bookmakers get the lines so close on sports betting?
Measure a tennis racquet grip size
NFL betting odds during game?
Can you hop on 1 leg twice when you have gathered the ball in basketball?
Are suspensions for red cards, yellow cards carried between junior and senior UEFA competitions?
When can you lift your pivot foot and go for a shot?
Are certain bye weeks more advantageous than others in the NFL?
What does it mean to 'turn pro' in a sport?
Can you become a goalkeeper if you are only 5 ft 5 inches?
Does a Barclays Premier League team play its first 19 fixtures of a season against 19 different clubs?
Simultaneous Fouls
LA Kings' "That 70's line"
In 8-ball, do I win if I shoot in the 8 ball and my last ball in the same shot?
Can a diver from 10 m. sustain injury hitting the pool bottom?
In American football, which team is on offense first?
How to Find Work In a Sports Research Room
Can you make a free throw off the backboard?
What happens if a goalkeeper catches the ball whilst their body/legs are still in the box, but the ball is just out of the box?
Can a hat-trick be separated by a maiden over?
Ineligible Man Down field on a Punt (NCAA v NFL)
Are probes such as the Fifa World Cup corruption probe common place in other sports?
What is meant by a natural hat trick in hockey?
How can Ferrer replace Raonic in the ATP Tour Finals?
Techniques to return aggressive tennis serves?
What is the safest technique to return very aggressive serves?
Same footwork in the volley-returning serve as in the basic volley near the net?
How Does the 2005 Offside Rule Amendment by FIFA Stretch the Game?
Can a team in the NFL make the playoffs with only three wins?
Which player had the longest professional career?
Which players won both junior and senior IIHF World Championships?
Which strategies to use against aggressive tennis players?
Is it possible for baseball teams to use draft picks in trades?
Can you be caught out if the bat slips from your hands?
What is a healthy scratch?
College basketball player, declares for the NBA draft, does not get a contract
First-class cricketer who played before WW 1 and after WW2
Is it possible for an NFL team to go 20-0?
What is an attack hit in volleyball?
Have 2 NCAA basketball teams ever played each other 5 times in a season?
How does the skate work in backwards, front crossovers?
League-wide retired numbers
NFL: Why do kick coverage teams always run all the way down the field
Why have the Williams F1 team changed their livery and branding recently?
Really Fat Hockey Goalies
As a new player, what football (soccer) skills can I improve exceptionally quickly to be a better team player?
The New York Knicks Bobblehead in 1920
NFL division with all teams having a losing or winning record
What is the NFL record for most receivers with a catch in a single game on the one team?
Was there a famous player in Real Madrid history that wore jersey number 26?
Is it possible for football teams to lose points during the game?
Is it possible to lose points while playing table tennis?
How are referees so good at spotting penalties in real time?
Why can't modern starting pitchers consistently pitch on 2-3 days rest?
Does a fast paced NFL offense tire out the defense more than the offense?
League Wide Queryable Databases
Should a re-serve be called if Referee and Line Judge disagree?
1-point penalty for return fault - official rule?
what is procedure to become a cricket umpire in state level?
Consequences if an official interferes with play?
Consequences if linesman interferes with play?
Consequences if player(s) argue(s) with referee
Why don't pro squash players wear protective goggles?
Are Table Tennis Bats Supposed to Be Pimpled or Even?
How much faster/more useful is swimming under water?
Net forehand with topspin to high balls: how to practise them?
Quick free kick prevented by opponent
Are hockey players faster today than 30 to 50 years ago?
Why does the NFL enforce injury report rules?
NFL teams with back to back shutouts
Where does the term 'Castled' come from?
NFL the playoff race tie breakers regarding common games record
Why does anyone choose to bat first?
How does the Sidearm™ cricket ball thrower work?
game matching Phil Rizzuto call in Meat Loaf song?
Highest Points to finish Runner-Up in Champions League Group? Lowest points to win Champions League Group?
What causes the imbalance where back points towards the side after serving?
Declaring innings after the pitch is rolled?
Is a player of one sport allowed to play in another sport?
How many times in Cricket Test Match have scored Four runs by running across the Wicket. Not as Boundaries?
How can one estimate distance covered while spot-swimming?
Visual technique for fielding at point or cover
What is the best record to miss and the worst record to make the NFL playoffs?
How does a paintball marker / ball / shot curve? e.g. what is its line of flight?
What's the justification for this rarely-invoked NFL fumble rule?
Which is more effective against a net volleyer, backspin or topspin?
What is the legal basis for fining players for out-of-game actions?
Why call 'safety' if the turn will pass to the opponent anyway after failing a called shot?
What is the Spider 2 Y Banana?
How are points in the ATP/WTA ranking computed in case tournament final is delayed (and finished during the following week)?
Is 100 the maximum possible batting average?
Which is better one-handed backhand or two-handed backhand?
Snowboarding equipment for heavier individuals
Can DRS be used to challenge which batsman was run out?
Playing against a very athletic player - singles tennis strategy
What is the longest an NFL team has gone without a WR TD catch?
A fielder took the catch and made two steps backward and made contact with the boundary rope
Cue ball foul in 8 ball
What is the closest any team has come to playing a home Super Bowl?
What other materials besides plastic can be used to produce PDGA discs?
What is a "football move" in the NFL?
calculate winning percentage with a tie
Fielder tosses the ball after legitimate catch. What's the minimum time a fielder needs to hold the ball after the catch is taken?
Best first 100 career starts by quarterbacks
Seattle Seahawks' Legion of Boom
Can a player stretch into opponent's court to play a shot?
60-year old dad passes out after 1/2 an hour of badminton
What does "Race to X" mean?
Can retrospective action still be taken for violent conduct even if the player is subsequently sent off for an unrelated offense?
Can expected drive distance (for an novice) be derived from disc statistics?
Pitchers as MVP
What are different types of serve strategies in squash?
Why chasing team allowed to bat first in super over?
What is the World Record for most push ups in 1 second?
Can I place fielders wherever I want?
Lateral Passes in the NFL
Why is the cricket pitch made larger than 22 yards?
Can i place slip in a wave like pattern?
What makes a swimming pool lane "good"?
Declining a delay-of-game penalty: what about an infinite loop?
Can fielding side stall the game by not chasing the ball in play?
Golden Ball vs Golden Boot in FIFA World Cup
Who owns a player that is on loan?
What if a player plays the ball with back surface of the bat?
Brannock Device US Size to Nike/Adidas Football Boot US Size
In any form of ball game, is there a term for when a ball gets caught in the wind and changes the play or affects how the play ends?
In which game was a limited overs innings declared to prevent an opponent from qualifying?
Why a pitch has extra pitches on both its sides?
What if a fielder stand on 30 yard circle?
Is there any rule of lbw which considers 2.5 meters?
why do a bowler use a white marker disc?
How can I beat defenders 1 on 1?
American football yards after contact stats
why 15 yard circle is drawn incomplete?
how many overthrow can be done?
What level of achievement is it to be able to always hit a single in darts?
Which are the sports that are not based on outwitting the opponent?
Is a base runner out if he back pedals to first base to avoid a tag in a double play situation?
Preliminary drill for mohawk?
Stand Up Paddle Surfing Wetsuit
Placing a base runner on the wrong base after a mound visit
better name for "set of downs"
At what point does an Incompletion become a Fumble?
Does the tackle box in gridiron football extend through all the offensive linemen even if they're a long way apart?
College football game - start time vs kickoff time
Neutral field advantage for team with more fans in attendance?
Who decides if the offensive team will attempt a two-point conversion or a field goal?
What is the origin of fans chanting players' names with an extended "u" sound?
Why does every American sport except Football seem to have a farm league?
What is meant by "ineligible receiver downfield?"
Transition from NCAA to NFL
NFL Draft Picks compared to the Success of Career
Why has the MLS begun to draw more high caliber European players?
Why did the NHL ban the spin-o-rama?
Who was the youngest player to play in an NHL game?
Is the ball out of bounds when hitting the referee?
How can I wire a crane stock battery to a PEQ box?
How do teams and players adjust to changes in time zones on trips during season?
Alternate Team to Super Bowl?
Who is this football player?
Would it be possible for a kicker from a "non-traditional" background to be drafted by an NFL team?
Is it considered possible for women to compete with men professionally in team sports played with a ball other than baseball?
Penalty conversion rates: Football (soccer) vs Hockey
Why have the number of power play opportunities steadily decreased since the 2005-2006 NHL season?
What is the line marked at the first slip for the spinner?
Why will the National League not adopt the DH?
Free throw substitutions
Purposely not getting a batsman out?
HEMA Longsword Compasses
Why is an I-formation back not a receiving threat?
Use a T-bar as a snowboarder without pain
Why are tennis balls not airtight?
How to take advantage of an opponent's second serve
Lowest score that has never scored by a batsman in an innings?
Why don't basketballers take more long shots?
Comment my off days training routine (boxing)
How do football players remember so many plays?
Why do some players have trouble finishing off a point in tennis?
Ball hitting helmet - change of strike?
Breathing issues in swimming
How do college and NFL teams evaluate quarterbacks when scouting?
Normal Distribution and Sports
Workout specifically for bowling?
Got new ice skates and instantly got much worse. Why/what should I do next?
Why would Belichick spilt Gronk out wide against the Seahawks?
Why do ice hockey teams usually replace their goalie after an empty net goal?
What does defensive playcalling sound like for American football?
Do NFL or college football coaches make up plays during the game?
What are restrictions for junior tennis players on number of senior tournaments?
Where to watch Free Live Streaming of Cricket World Cup 2015?
Can runs be scored by a boundary in the same legal ball as an Out - Hit wicket?
How to work out single leg ice skating?
What is a league duck?
Has there ever been an NBA team with alternating starting units?
Is premier league tv rights money divided among all 20 teams equally?
How should I store my boa-closure snowboard boots?
What sports court is this, with a white circle inside a white square or triangle, and diagonal colored lines?
How do you create rotation in ice skating?
Free throw rules
Is it legal to dribble the ball above your shoulder?
Why do some hockey players kneel as they take a shot?
Swimming: why can I not front crawl?
Is batsman allowed to "score" leg byes by kicking the ball while pretending to hit it with the bat?
Why didn't Michael Jordan appear in NBA Live 97?
Artificial feather badminton shuttles
What is the actual science behind the new-gen technologies namely Snicko & Hotspot?
Do the official USAV rules for coed volleyball require a female touch?
Scoring runs in a single ball
Can a collegiate player reject a draft pick?
How many times has an NHL hat trick been scored with only 3 shots?
MVP Candidate not on 1st Team
Can a foul be overriden before it is taken?
Do Hockey Players Use Pine Tar or Another Tacky Substance?
Cross-country skiing world records
UEFA Champions League Goal Line Officials Position on the Field
Lack of AR1 during post-game ceremonials in UEFA Champions League
What does an NFL salary cap department do?
What is the record for most turnovers by an NFL team that won the game?
Do teams announce their exact formations before a match?
What happens if the ball is hit onto the non-striker's wicket?
What is the chance of scoring a free kick?
What does the "bonus" tag over the score in NBA games means?
Which non-players in the NFL are the highest paid apart from the GM and head coach?
Why are coaches potentially allowed to play as goalies in the NHL?
Can MLB players negotiate their contracts downwards?
What is the fastest ASSISTED human running speed ever attained?
Why is the Third Man fielding position in Cricket called "Third Man"?
How to beat a good doubles player in singles
What do you call a javelin thrower?
Are players allowed to pass a penalty kick?
Can a goalie handle a headed pass which that player kicked up to himself?
Rugby Union knock on rule in scoring a try
Which sport has closest tackling rules to (BQC) Quidditch?
How much of a skill difference is there in penalty taking/defending between professionals and everyone else
How can older players play for a U-21 team in England
Does a team stop batting if it cannot win?
What happens in a penalty shoot out if the ball goes outside the area, then into the goal?
What is "double universe point" in Ultimate Frisbee?
Rebounding your own miss when the ball only hits the backboard
Do basketball referees sometimes try to save players from fouling out?
What happens when rain interrupts an ODI game in second innings before 20 overs and the chasing team is well ahead of D/L par score?
Why is the margin when the chasing team wins measured in wickets?
Rugby penalty kick into touch-in-goal
Why are multiple wides not considered as a bye plus wides?
What is used as tie-breaker for cyclists with the same time in GC?
Why Cricket Uniform has full pants, even though player need to run?
Why Stump out is wicket for bowler, then why Run out is not wicket to bowler?
can the offensive center in football shift to another position if they do not touch the football?
The receiver moved his foot as I was serving in badminton. Is it legal?
On a cricket ground, What is the blackboard situated at every straight boundary for?
Why don't the cricket spectators come to the ground after completion of innings any more?
In cricket, in UDRS screen, if the ball hits the wicket, then why is not out still given?
In cricket, Why wides are not considered in test matches, but no ball are considered?
In the Cricket and Soccer/Non-American Football World Cup, why do the players lead children during the beginning?
What happens If Olympic torch goes out accidentally?
In cricket, How pitch can decide match result?
How does one fill out a bracket?
Out of breath after swimming 300m
Cricket Free Hit rule
Why were France awarded penalty during the last minute maul against England?
What is Umpire's Call in a DRS review?
How many rounds of golf does the average golfer play?
Minimum points to guarantee qualification where top two qualify
Sporting events held more than 4 years apart
Why win the jump ball?
Why are teams required to submit their batting order before the start of play?
Who was the youngest player to win an ATP World Tour tournament
Away goals rules in soccer
Can a large stadium impact college basketball players' shooting?
How many hours does a World Cup Cricket match usually last?
What does "double pump" mean in basketball?
Squeeze play: Is it harder to prevent score than it appears?
How does a player effectively take a charge
What is the position rule in sports when multiple contestants are on the same previous position?
Have any players ever won an NCAA basketball championship with two different teams?
How to even out skill level for dodgeball between middle school kids (guys and girls)
Have any players ever won an NCAA football championship with two different teams?
Awarding the match ball to the hat-trick scorer
Please explain confusing situation in 2009 UK Championship O’Sullivan vs. Higgins
Has a college team ever played against a professional team?
Best color for outdoor(/indoor) table?
In squash, can a ball hit the sidewall after striking with the front wall in serve?
What are golf cups made of?
Can a batsman stand to face a delivery from behind the wickets instead of in front?
World Championship where there are more than one National team?
MLB Opening Easter Sunday
What happens if two players of opposite teams hold the ball over the net?
Stumping from long on?
Is Barcelona the most popular club in USA?
Most home runs in first n games of the season
What is the different tactics between sending the ball to near post and back post in football corner kick?
Why are those 3 holes at the Masters golf tournament called "Amen Corner"?
How to become a football referee?
swimming from the wall vs. the block - what is the difference in time?
Which player was named the first star in most NHL matches?
Why do bowlers go so near the crease?
Why does one player on a volleyball team wear a different jersey?
Cricket bowling versus baseball pitching speed?
Fueling strategy while running a marathon in warm weather
who should keep the cornering line
When can part of a match be replayed?
1959 White Sox World Series roster
Does a run count if it's made after an unforced out?
Biathlon with inline skates
Seasons in which all teams in a division made the playoffs
Is Carter Capps's pitching style legal?
Racket of Hu Yun
Where to find "distance covered" by player in a Champions League match?
Shin pain while running on pavement only?
Unexpected increase in running ability
Can a (baseball) ace's record be improved by his "pitching out of sequence."
How long can a goalkeeper wait for opponent to come get the ball?
Is tackling with both legs illegal?
Why do teams reveal injuries?
When are the English football competitions' schedules published?
Can a baseball/softball player change gloves mid-inning?
Ranking points for a player who received bye
Foot selection during shooting
What does "corrected time" mean in Formula 1?
Finish College after NBA Draft
How to improve my Swimming technique? Help please
Does Spalding have different versions of TF-1000? If so, what are the differences?
IBU Biathlon theme
What is the FIFA rule for two teams which played in the same group?
Reliable test for Snowboard stance?
Why do so many soccer stadiums use racing seats for their team benches?
How often have pitchers earned a win and a save on same day?
Are drop-catches and stumping-failures recorded for official statistics?
What is the procedure to play (amateur) football for a foreign club?
In cricket, is it a no-ball even if the ball hits the wicket?
Is there a website where we can find all kind of statistics related to the European football?
Who was the youngest player to win an ATP challenger tournament?
Dress Code for football supporters?
If the batsman hits the FIRST above shoulder height delivery in an over,will it be signalled one legal bouncer for the over?
Why is it so hard for a horse to win the triple crown?
What is the first "Hall of Fame"?
rules in cricket for overseas players
Should a manager be questioned for leaving in a right handed pitcher in the following situation?
Does anyone else modify their golf grip on a per shot basis?
Football - Who gets the match ball, if 2 or more players score hat-tricks in a game?
How to land "Late" tricks?
How exactly did Carvajal not get booked/sent off after causing a penalty?
How were the parameters for a "quality" start defined?
Going back to track and field
How do you send a veteran to a minor team without "optioning" him?
Scoring runs when a no ball is caught
In table tennis what is the largest ITTF tournament event of the year?
Why are Formula 1 tracks usually oriented clockwise?
Why is a baseball runner "out" when you hit him with the throw to first?
Do football teams have to do their best to win?
Runner on base touches a baseball: is that categorically "interference"?
How is lucky loser decided in WTA tournaments?
Has a "lucky loser" ever won an ATP or WTA tournament?
Little League pitching rule clarification please
Hit wicket or not?
Main differences in Mavis shuttlecocks
Does any rule require MLB teams to announce probable pitchers?
Rules to determine "unforced errors" and "winners" in tennis?
Badminton, double hit by one player, new rules?
Can a batsman use elbow to stop the ball
What is the name and origin of this golf format?
Which sport has the most players?
Is there a [possible] scenario in which the first run counts but the next one does not?
it is required to add an overgrip on a Fischer sorb tack
What is this (basketball) statistic called?
Which edition of rankings is used for which purpose on Grand Slam tournaments?
What is this piece of archery equipment for?
Which came first: Boston Bruins, or UCLA Bruins?
What is the oldest professional sports team in North America?
Which out would not count here?
Run Out:which batsman is run out
What's the chance of 6 swings and misses in a row using only your SO pitch?
Is this Ball or Balk?
What is the average Left Field vs. Right Field fence distance in MLB?
Why doesn't the MLB implement a salary cap?
Has anyone won an olympic gold without setting the fast time in the competition?
Why are pace-setters allowed to go ahead with the race?
Why doesn't a domestic League-Cup double entail an automatic Supercup championship?
FIFA World Cup winners not qualifying automatically anymore for next edition
Skills and tennis surface?
who run out when both out of crease
Is there any difference between badminton and squash shoes?
Will a lateral followed by a forward pass be ruled illegal in future?
Why are the teams in NBA's Western Conference outperforming those in the Eastern Conference?
Which kind of bow fits my needs
Why was Canada's Mens 4x100 relay team DQed in the London Olympics?
How can you toughen up your foot for barefoot kicking?
power play in T20 cricket
What is the logic behind pitting AL vs NL in the All-Star game for ws home-field advantage?
Fair system to score players between friend games
age cut off date for cwc u19
Why have some MLB managers stopped wearing uniforms?
Does the precision of NBA timekeeping go beyond tenths of a second?
Are pitches that are put into play counted as strikes or balls?
Batsman runs through stumps and wicketkeeper: out or not, and how?
Combining Bets in sports
Stanley Cup Finals matchup where both finalists needed 7 games in conference finals
What is used as tie-breaker in mountain classification?
Query on the No-Ball / Wide Full Toss Ruling
What constitutes the "engine" in the Formula 1 per-season engine replacement limit?
Consensus on the goalie 'hole' numbering in Hockey?
Kentucky Derby vs. Royal Ascot vs. Dubai World Cup
Why is match fixing illegal?
How many college level varsity women's rugby teams are there in the US currently?
How are doubles seeds calculated?
What is the primary role of a winger?
Is a batsman out if his broken bat is caught?
Formula One and Indy Cars
Regarding age of a player in the the ICC Under 19 World Cup
Who are the other horses and riders alongside Americah Pharoah?
Five a side tournament - awarding bye's in a partial round robin
Why can a defensive lineman wear a number in the 60s?
How many head coaches/managers in women's football are women?
How does the NBA get paid by the networks for playoff games?
Methods to track player movements including distance
Coach throws the ball against the referee
Why do the Yankees and Mets usually have opposite home/away schedules?
What determines if a hand pass is legal in the NHL?
Offensive Player Injured on Foul
What happens when all the same color balls (solids or stripes) go in on the break?
How can I determine safe surfing conditions from a surf report for a beginner?
Are World Cup refs all the same gender as the teams?
Why would a recently drafted player sign for less than slot value?
What makes a rainy day more suitable for fast bowlers?
What food are the players served in a break?
What is the MLB record for the most errors by a single player on a single play?
Is there strong research that demonstrates the effect of emotion on performance in different types of sports?
What happens if a team walks off the field during a football match?
How long does a player stay in the ICC rankings for once no longer appearing for the national side?
When was extra time introduced in European football competitions?
Swimming pace - where should I be and what should I do?
If a baseball team takes a large early lead, would it make sense to substitute an inferior pitcher to save the better one?
How to control Speed Wobble?
Player leaving the game field
What to do if recurve arrows are to the right?
Was Pete Rose busted for betting against his own team?
Will I improve in football by playing matches everyday? Or is doing drills a better option?
When was the last time a single country had three players in Top 10 of WTA rankings?
Do sports blackout policies exist anywhere outside North America?
Playing badminton on concrete floor
Olympic sports with mixed team?
Is there any concept of 'declaring' an inning in Baseball?
When football players played offense and defense, what were the substitution rules?
Baseball Glove Has A Ridge In It
In 8 ball can a player place the cue ball behind the head string and then directly pot a ball which is also behind the string?
How hips generate power while punching?
Can a NBA team buy a draft pick?
Why is racquet abuse banned in tennis?
How often has a major league team hit only a home run and a triple in a single game?
Is it possible to switch Trimix and Air in a dive?
What happens if only one runner reaches base on a double steal?
Run out on wide ball
Are bindings needed on a mountain board?
What do managers do when a closer blows the save?
MLB: Gray area concerning runners passing each other rule
How to efficiently prepare for a 2km run
Is there such a thing as a "one way player" in tennis?
How does handicapping work in "social" games of golf?
What is Germany's national sport or sports?
What do different properties of a snooker cue affect?
What happens if the non-striker doesn't run but the batsman on strike does?
Why do football teams announce their formation before the game starts?
Basketball shooting percentages while practicing
Does the Daytona International Speedway have more crashes than other tracks?
LBW to a Spinners Full Toss
Why do some places have gravel baseball fields?
Would it be feasible to have Camera on the bat and ball?
Is it possible for a runner to advance if the batter doesn't hit the ball?
In what sense is the term "pigeon" used in tennis
What has historically been the effect of a long rain delay on a pitcher's arm?
Table Tennis Double 'Let' Rules
Why are the Celtics renouncing long-retired players?
What happens with a team time trial when a team does not have enough riders?
How to break in a pitchers glove?
How many times have the Stanley Cup Finals featured two Canadian teams?
How is the maximum time to finish determined for a cycling stage?
Has a pitcher ever homered in an All-Star game?
What is the difference between the ATP and the ITF?
How can I fix my basketball valve that has fallen into the ball?
Signing a player before trading him
Aroldis Chapman's Speed
Is it possible for the libero to score points in volleyball?
Is this goal allowed on steal from keeper?
How to calculate the far and near price of betfair?
Learning to keep the wrist locked while learning forehand in tennis
Wind delay at the British Open
What is the fastest pitch ever recorded in MLB?
Is betting on oneself to win or lose legal?
In Soccer, can it be a foul even if the player gets to the ball first?
How do College Drafts work?
Which riders in the 2015 Tour de France have proven doping history?
Relief/Closing pitcher statistics
NCAA Football 1 Point
Is there any difference between racing driver and formula 1 driver?
Can a penalty kick be passed to a second player?
The longest Olympic winning streak?
Safety comparison, downhill mountain bike vs. downhill ski
The longest Olympic winning streak for a nation
Why is there no American team in Formula One?
Term or Stat for when a baseball pitcher is responsible for the team's win, both offensively and defensively?
Indoor/Outdoor Rock Climbing Shoes
Adolescent basketball strength training
Suspension of Substitution rule in football match
Is English the official language for international sport events?
Has a swimmer ever been disqualified for an illegal stroke at a top-level championship?
How essential is a purpose built Triathalon bike?
Can i take a preferred lie on the wrong fairway?
FC, does basketball and other sports have it?
Why do Minor League baseball teams relocate often?
When did incentives and salary escalators start in the NFL?
What international sport do not have age limits for championship competitions?
Taking shirt off celebration
How to read an NFL "state of game" format
Which tennis matches are best of 5?
Football league winner vs cup winner
Is Doubles long service line active during a Singles match?
Is a batsman out if the bails are removed but fall back onto the stumps?
Punishment for Own Goal
Coming back from retirement
I am a volleyball player and I need better endurance. Please help!
Scrum crooked feed
Do MLB starting pitchers get paid per start or per game they are on the roster?
Why was Chattanooga the host of the 2015 NPSL National Championship game?
How to keep accelerating in 100m race?
How to have a checklist to show your athletes?
How many of the NFL tiebreakers have actually been used?
Swimming long distances self sufficient
2 runners on base, lead runner misses a base and both runs score, correct ruling?
How to benefit from playing a racquet game with a player on a much lower level?
Is there any occasion when women's team faced men's team in any sport match?
What is the term for an athlete's headshot?
When can a raider start riding in Kabaddi?
Jackie Robinson's Caught Stealing Totals
Baseball and DWar
The call "nets" in tennis, details
What is this piece of training equipment called?
Is an advantage for a left-handed to play vs a right-handed tennis player?
How close can a player on the defending side get to the player holding the disc?
What would be the cost of the season for a young tennis player?
Is their any difference between red and white ball?
Is a batsman out when any of his things slip away and hit the stumps?
Why is rubbing the ball not considered ball tampering?
What if an opposing player uses part of the Batsman's clothing to put down the wicket?
Why did the Houston Texans select a defensive player in the 2015 draft?
What happens if the third umpire is unable to come to a firm conclusion?
Does having an afro hairstyle have an advantage in doing headers?
Eight-ball or black ball pool rules
Can we get two run outs in one ball?
How to manage the temporary elimination of players in the design of plays for (real-life) quidditch?
US open scoring system
If a player has 3 goals, but one of them is own goal, is it called a hat trick?
Can a batsman be run out if he jumps to avoid the ball?
"Atypical" nations recognized in sports
Injured reserve or waiver wire then injured reserve
Which bowler has played the most consecutive Test Matches?
Tennis Statistics By Sets and Games
Why is Russia considered a tricky destination for European football cup ties?
What does the term it's a fast track mean in regards to the long jump track?
Will penalty runs be awarded if a throw to the stumps hits a helmet?
Can a batsman be stumped from a no ball?
Can a soccer player steal the ball while the goalkeeper bounces it on the ground?
Strikers who can defend as well
Is header allowed in basketball?
Can a football team buy and sell a player in the same transfer window?
How to minimize wind effect in beach tennis?
It is true that, during the first years of professional football, teams used to play with only 2 defenders and 5 forwards?
Is Australia the main source of foreign NFL players?
In Tennis why is zero called Love?
Should I give unsolicited playing advice to strangers?
Batsman stopping the ball hitting his wicket.
Has a ATP / WTA / Grand slam ever been rained out?
Why do people grunt while playing tennis?
How far is too far for Roger Federer?
Why does one player on a volleyball team wear a different shirt?
Where to find team stats/comparisons for Eurobasket 2015?
How is a javelin throw measured if the javelin does not stick into the ground?
Tennis tournament winner with multiple walkovers
How many tennis players have announced retirement after winning Grand Slam?
What is the cause of so many cardiac related deaths in football/soccer?
How to decide a basketball game ended but not yet end of regulation
Is it a boundary if a fielder touches the boundary before touching the ball?
Does a pitcher receive an earned run if he makes an error?
What is "sneak attack by Roger" (SABR)?
What is tie-break for match in tennis?
The longest super tie break?
Why do american commentators call the ball "the football"?
Why do professional sports teams hold training camps train in a different location (city) during the off season?
Approved soccer shoes
Why does England have 8 places in Europe while Spain and Germany only have 7?
How it was decided that year's first grand slam will be Australian Open?
Can a FedEx Cup playoff be extended to a Monday?
Distance covered in Premier League
Does MLB rules prevent blocking home plate on infield hits
How to collect stats in NBA?
Is there a rule in football that caps the amount of transfer money paid by a team for a player?
Why is the premier league considered a more physical competition?
Is there a penalty for deliberating losing or fielding a weakened side?
Where will FC Barcelona play if Catalonia gets independence?
What are the rules for a non-seasonal transfer?
How are points awarded in the group stage of the Rugby World Cup?
Can be ball be set over the net on the first touch?
Player out of bounds during fumble?
Is it compulsory for the wicket-keeper to wear pads?
is ball movement count if the golf is affected by wild animals?
Why does an unsuccessful NFL challenge result in the loss of a timeout?
Who will decide commentary team in cricket
Why don't all sprinters shave their heads clean?
Collapsing of a Maul if the Maul isn't actually formed
How come rugby isn't very popular in India?
Real-time baseball data?
Can a back row setter reach into the plane to play the ball?
Is there offside if the ball is deflected from a teammate?
How are the different events classified according to tiers on the Women's Tennis circuit?
Does a twelve-year-old need archery classes in order to have fun safely?
Gold paint this year used in the NFL
What are the most important rugby union club leagues?
Why are assists in basketball called "dimes"?
Why are padded shorts banned in rugby union?
Is there any official animal name to describe "five under par"?
Holding spots for UEFA Champions league
Why do NASCAR drivers retire?
Is it considered a dig when receiving a block attempt ball in volleyball?
Are Major League Baseball players allowed to wear nonstandard hats in the dugout?
What is the highest two-man stat line from teammates in NBA history?
Why doesn't a neutral zone infraction stop play?
can a football receiver tip the ball to another receiver?
Keeper putting the ball onto the penalty mark
Is this an Offside according to FIFA rules?
Running Head Start Offsides American Football
Ranking from which week are used to decide who qualifies for ATP/WTA finals?
What does it mean when a scorecard mentions 3.6 in the Overs column in cricket?
Where does the football teams play home matches during the Rugby World Cup?
Why did Game 1 of the 2015 ALDS have a start time that depended on another game?
Can a left handed batsman change to right hand before the bowler starts bowling?
What are the possible outcomes after a blocked extra point in college football?
Half time duration
Player looses boot after tackle
Can a woman feature in EPL?
Does first or second place matter in Euro 2016 Qualification?
How are percentages determined in volleyball?
What are the main factors to predict which team is going to win a soccer match?
Why rugby players try run to the center in-goal area?
Can an offensive lineman catch a lateral in high school football?
Is a double-touch in beach volleyball OK as long as it's part of one action?
Can a bowler call batsman back if he takes his wicket?
Is MLB Statcast data permanently archived somewhere?
Football: Can player enter twice?
Do any cities besides Chicago and Detroit have team names that are related?
Can a player be sent off while still on the substitute bench?
Has an NFL team ever won their division with a losing record within the division itself?
Why are some offensive formations illegal in American football?
Can an eligible receiver play at an ineligible position?
What happens when an umpire (MLB) calls time improperly?
Is Duckworth–Lewis applied differently in T20 and ODI
How long an innings can be played with one ball?
Has rugby been an Olympic sport prior to the 2016 Olympics?
What is the legal size of cricket bat?
Will batsman caught out if ball touches body first?
What is the time limit of an inings?
Will a batsman be out caught if the ball hits something in the air?
Do Asians perform less well in football just because of the body condition?
Scorekeeping a fielder on a Sacrifice Fly
Is this a legal way to tag-up and run faster?
What will happen if a corner flag blocks the football rolling out of bounds?
Highest point deficit overcome in EPL to win the league?
Under the 2015 FIVB rules, is there a legal "passive" touch of the net in volleyball?
Basketball-who gets the point?
What are the most significant differences between the NCAA and MLB rulesets?
Why do servers bounce the ball before serving?
Is there a difference between a service winner and an ace in tennis?
Which is the most popular game in Australia?
Can a Goalkeeper Handle, Drop, and Dribble From Their Box?
Offside call off of defender
Highest combined passer rating
Why is an illegal shift treated as a false start at the end of a half in American football?
Head to head - what to do if both teams lost
What happens if the ball returns to the player's side of the court in tennis?
Send MapMyRun data to Runkeeper
Why do runners wear helmets?
Official circuit for paddle?
Redshirt process for college soccer D1 school
What is the rationale behind short-term substitutions in volleyball?
In basketball, is it legal to score directly from a throw in?
How are (soccer) captains selected?
Does this count as an assist?
Where do the "spare" balls come from in Test Match cricket?
Any other sport with draws like cricket?
Football fields that are approximately square
Does the NHL provide guidelines for collecting stats?
NBA rule - how far does the ball have to go in the hoop to count for points?
Why is the Belgium football team standing No. 1?
Is there always a faceoff winner in ice hockey?
How is the team possession stat calculated in ice hockey?
On-the-fly changes in ice hockey
Why are tennis players so bad at serving?
Fouling a teammate in football: what is the correct referee decision?
NFL overtime: after a field goal, clock runs out on second team's possession
What racquet is most similar to TT Warrior?
Sprinter but now want to take part in marathon
Should your feet be in the air when serving?
What managers write while their team is playing
Can football players play multiple positions?
Is there a penalty for kicking a PAT from the 2 yard line in the NFL?
Is there a rule for when K-Balls are used?
Fair catch after football hits ground.
American football delay of game
What options does a player have if the club carries out the threat of 'Rot in reserves'?
Why do batsmen tap their bat on the pitch?
How teams are ranked if they are equal in points in UCL groups
Is there a place to get timing stats for historic games?
Who has the authorization to remove a coach in Football?
I want to improve as an older skater- I've started with Penny boards - what is the next stage?
Does KERS in F1 cars cause sparks?
Does the outcome of conference championship games affect College Football Playoff standings?
American Football: Why take knee before halftime?
Can an ineligible receiver catch a ball thrown by a quarterback whose hand was hit while throwing?
Why is a PAT required after a game-winning TD at the end of regulation, but not OT?
In a video challenge in volleyball, does the challenging team have to specify the challenged fault?
How does a ice-hockey team's strategy differ playing 3-on-3 rather than 5-on-5?
Can a player receive two yellow cards if advantage is played?
Soccer Goal Uncertanty by Referee
Invasion of lane in swimming
What is the six yard box for in soccer?
What happens if an NFL kicker totally misses the ball on a kickoff?
Why don't pitchers throw a combination of overhand and sidearm?
What happens when a boxer/fighter/wrestler retires while holding a title?
Captain stars on NFL football jerseys
How can F1 teams be competitive if they produce engines for each other?
Is pitch tampering legal?
Second-hand alpine skiing equipment
When is the setter allowed to leave his position?
Why do NFL teams sign and waive players after one week?
If 2 players slam dunk at the same time, who got the score?
Is there a technical name and rules for a double-touch in badminton?
Did some ice-hockey players change their position during their career?
In soccer, which player had the longest dribble then a miss goal?
Sweeping actions in curling
American Buying AC Milan Tickets
Who pays for the travel for Heisman trophy nominees?
Strike rotation in cricket
In golf, what is the relationship of shaft flex with accuracy?
What are the qualifications needed for dressage judges?
What happens when a member of the away team scores a hat trick in NHL?
Is it legal to go under the net to play a ball going out, back in play in volleyball?
What is the best spot to strike a tennis ball?
How to become a cricket umpire for icc?
8 ball Pool: Left only with black ball
Can you legally use the gutter to pick up a split?
Why did they ban underarm bowling in cricket and not just rolling the ball
Foul after a goal
In golf, does the club shaft increase clubhead speed through shaft flex?
Can a football team assign a HB or FB as passer and QB as Running Back?
If a runner gets pushed back into their end zone and does not try to advance again, is it a safety?
How are Yonex and Victor feathered shuttlecocks comparable?
Why does FIFA have so much authority over the entire sport of football?
Offensive Rebound Rate correlation to wins
Badminton : is it legal to receive a service out of zone?
Are linemen required to use a 3-point-stance in American football?
80 as opposed to 100 pitches in training as a starting pitcher
Can a disable person play cricket as others play?
Why do NFL QBs spike the ball after penalty causes refs to call play dead?
Why no draw in main US sports?
Pink ball in cricket
How can an NFL team with a worse win-loss record than a division rival clinch a playoff berth before their rival?
What type of gas(if it is not air) is a soccer ball (football) filled with?
Why Umpire David Shepherd lifted one foot off the ground at nelson?
If ball hits the arm protector that is touching the glove holding bat, is it out?
Division Tie Breaker - Common Games
How do national teams get status to play in test cricket by ICC?
Ball goes through the strike zone, but the catcher doesn't catch the ball?
How can footballers head or hit the ball so high?
Football field: Defensive goal line "plane" is actually the back of the painted line?
How valuable is winning the coin toss in test cricket?
How did Hideki Matsui's "one day" signing affect the Yankees' 40-man roster?
How are some college athletes several years older than the rest?
Dealing with "cheap" opponents
Why are fumbles in the NFL automatically reviewed when the result is a turnover but not when the fumbling team recovers the ball?
Lane occupancy in swimming
Interchangeability of referees and assistant referees
Differences between referees and assistant referees
Is 35 too old to learn to skateboard and water surfing?
Dealing with tension and poor behaviour among teammates
1 yellow, 1 red & 1 yellow card
How can I choose a type of golf ball to play with?
How to change cross country ski bindings
Is a ball which spins significantly and misses leg stump a wide?
How is Bavuma the first black South African cricketer to make a test century?
Double switch in Baseball?
How can a playing coach be most effective?
What does "dead money" mean when referred to in the NFL?
How can I download a season Baseball Reference data with player IDs?
Why does kicking team get a new set of downs in this occurrence?
NFL broadcast info---HS or college affiliation? What does that mean?
Why are curbs used in motorsport?
What is the estimated point value of deferring after winning the coin toss?
What is the significance of the 20 yard line?
Motivating players to train on their own time
How is an "attrition" strategy supposed to work in football?
What is the difference between a tennis and a racquetball ball?
what is the most 'unlikely' final football score?
Caught behind by wicket Keeper - Who takes strike?
Reason for skates sputtering along ice instead of stopping?
What is the difference between an Outside hit and Pipe hit in volleyball?
If a let was considered a valid serve, could it be a useful serving strategy?
What's the English term for setter positions in volleyball?
Criteria to play for NBA all star game?
Legislation on professional underage athletes
Soccer conditioning at older age to prevent injury?
Ethical code in biathlon?
How much are Cricket Umpires paid in India starting from Club level to Ranji, Duleep trophy, etc.?
How are tennis tournament draws determined?
NFL: Can timeout be called before first opening drive snap?
If the pitcher throws to 1st base to try to get the base runner out, is the runner on 2nd allowed to run to 3rd?
What happens if an NBA team is reduced to less than five players by fouling out?
Who counts darts scores?
Are there currently any clubs that have more European titles than domestic titles (excluding minor domestic titles)?
Where can I find NBA stats for shots made or missed after a foul?
Are U-19 youth international test match(3days) includes in one"s First class career?
What are reaching fouls in the NBA?
Hockey offsides: reconciling the definition of the zone with the tagging up rule
How to handle a squash match, as a very-nearsighted athlete?
Are there some major cup competitions not using away goals rule?
Squash: does hitting the sidewall reset the bounce?
Reaching Violation VS. Charging Violation
benefits of a blade vs. mallet putter
How tightly should new snowboard boots fit?
Ski Length For jumping
With different versions of skates, is it worth getting a better one for an extra 20 dollars?
Why would NFL teams do a fair catch?
Can you buy a ticket from the home side but sit in the away section?
Who is eligible to play in junior tennis tournaments?
Typical daily/weekly in-season training schedule of an NBA team
Why is Tom Brady's helmet different?
What sports at a professional level are played on multiple surfaces?
In tennis, when is the optimal time(s) to use an open or closed stance?
What percentage of onside kicks have been successful in the 2015 NFL regular season?
Annual pay for a starter in professional hockey?
What happens when there are 2 turnovers on 1 play?
How many players allowed on a high school baseball team?
Shouldn't they call it a fair pole?
Is the Concorde Agreement still in effect?
Why do the Golden State Warriors call themselves dubnation?
How much do starting-blocks affect the 60m sprint?
MLB Rule Changes, what is the process?
Players at certain position are all injured, what happens?
The Dime Package in Football
What's the etymology of the term Red Zone?
Can a runner achieve a first down when offensive holding is called down field?
How many times in EPL did a title deciding final game of the season take place between two title chasing teams?
USAHockey registration purpose?
How can an American football team tie with another team?
Were volleys considered unsportsmanlike in tennis?
Do the laws of cricket allow running on the last ball, even after winning?
Powder Problems Snowboarding
How to choose a backboard for a garden basketball court?
Is it always an indirect free after after misconduct by a player?
How to prevent rolling one's ankle while doing badminton?
What happens if a player hits single one instead of a double with the last dart?
Theoretically, what is the maximum number of times any two English Premier League teams can play each other in a single season?
Is a batsman out when the ball(hit by the batsman) naturally turned back to his stumps(but ball first went out of his crease)
What are the powers of referee in a football match?
Who was the first manager to get expelled from a match in the history of football?
Can two teams from the same league be drawn in the same champions league group?
How much does a back protector/vest add in additional safety?
Reason behind curved hockey stick?
Indoor / outdoor track and field different records?
What color shoes can USSF referee's wear?
Why is the doubles match still played when the round is already won by a team in Fed Cup?
Why isn't the term "hat trick" used in American Football?
Is a double-challenge possible?
If you are on waivers and under contract in the NFL can you get credit for serving a suspension?
Counting random shots (foosball)
Are there official rules for touch rugby?
Is there a way to practice Snooker cue action at home?
During what time period was the outcome of roller derby matches primarily fixed?
How do you throw from outfield without injuries?
Precisely which rules disallow spinning sets and open-hand passes?
Are there other similar badges in football?
Why does the NFL use Roman numerals for Super Bowl numbering?
On what basis are some cricketers knighted?
How long does it usually take to take a corner kick?
Where can I find the points per game throughout many NBA seasons?
What is the most match points saved by a tournament winner?
Was Messi's Penalty Kick against Celta de Vigo in La Liga 2016 considered a miss?
Is the classic alpine combined used as a skiing discipline or now all drive super combined?
How FIS creates the Alpine Skiing World cup calendar?
In UK Pool rules, what happens if both players are on black and a player deliberately taps the white 1cm forward into nothing?
Players with 300 or more goals for a single team in top flight domestic league (European clubs)
Is it true that football World cup trophy is always changed, when a country wins it 3 times?
Is the quarterback allowed to make an underhand throw in the NFL?
Which nation has the most men's wins in a single Alpine Skiing World Cup season?
Are the NBA champions called World champions? Why is that?
Why do some consider it against the spirit of cricket to mankad a batsmen?
Can a U21 football player play for the senior team as well as the U21 team?
Who are the football players that have scored in every minute of a football match?
How much can heat/weather affect a table tennis table?
Players with 400 or more goals for a single team in all competitions (European clubs)
Players with 300 or more goals in top flight domestic league (European clubs)
Players with 400 or more goals in all club competitions (European clubs)
Why is the QB passing yards count for the distance the receiver runs after completing the pass?
Is this run out legal?
What if the ball hits somebody in the head in cricket?
Is Graeme Souness the one who played and managed in 5 countries, winning European Cup as a player and Scottish Premier DIvision as a manager?
Why isn't the boundary restored after a fielder pushes it out?
Can a sumo wrestler touch the ground before his opponent in the act of forcing him to the ground?
Why was the Asia Cup format changed from 50-over to Twenty20?
Is using a visor allowed in pop warner football?
What's the UFC rules regarding steroid usage?
What world records have been broken by an athlete with a disability?
Cricket ball bounced over keeper and landed outside the boundary line!
Are there any legitimate (non-worked) professional wrestling leagues?
Does Vatican participate in any International sports?
How was the legend of 7th game in tennis born?
Why are the salaries of professional athletes so public?
How do you differentiate good sets from bad sets?
When/how did US professional wrestling transition from being competitive to being worked?
How to properly fall FORWARD while ice skating and prevent wrist fractures?
Why do all "combat" sports always award championship belts (vs. other physical objects)?
How do you determine what skill level a child is?
Why do batsmen usually ask a fielder to tie their shoelaces?
How different are the Cycle-ball bikes from the normal bicycles?
Why do lots of professional football players shoot with this awkward, tricky and "unstable" technique?
Setting standards on boundary length
Is a fielder within the 30 yard circle required to throw the ball without bouncing?
training and scoring of free throws in basketball
Illegal Stick Rule In NHL
How do you master the hang technique?
Legal throwins at lineouts
Why does the "individual" race in a biathlon have that name?
Why can't you hurdle someone in high school football?
What is the difference between trail running shoes and normal running shoes?
Do offences that lead a to a penalty inside the penalty box always result in a red card?
What is the Net Run Rate for a Forfeit Match?
Is Copa America Centenario taken seriously by South American national teams?
What is the rule in cricket if the wicket keeper steps forward and catches a ball before it crosses the stump / batsman?
Are we allowed to watch the NCAA tournament games in their entirety this year (2016)?
What happens if a player loses a shoe during a football match?
Why is the stretch preferred over the wind-up?
How many jumps are mandatory?
NBA Team Scoring Averages 2015 vs 2014
How do you defend quick tap penalties?
How do you choose the next Alpine Skiing Slalom's gate?
Helicopter shot in Cricket
Is a ball which bounces into foul territory fair or foul?
Cricket player involved in any other sports
Whose record did the Chicago Bulls team of 1995-96 break?
Does the slow over rate rule apply only up to the start of the final over?
Other than a run out, how can a player be dismissed when a run is scored?
Can a pitcher switch throwing arms at any time during an inning, or in between pitches?
Net run rate in Cricket round robin
What is the original inspiration for the use of the blue card in the "Clericus Cup" football association?
Difference between hit the tennis ball in different positions
Why wasn't Frantisek Fadrhonc the coach of Netherlands during 1974 FIFA World Cup?
How do umpires make decisions without a third umpire?
What is a team basket in basketball?
During the over can captain change the bowler?
Are there any sports that started as a women's sport?
Does a goal kick have to be specifically be from the edge of the goal area or can it just be anywhere inside the area?
Why are Gabon playing in the African Cup of Nations 2017 qualifiers when they're hosts and how will group I work?
What is done to used balls in cricket
Did any cricket ball ever break during an international cricket match?
When and why did baseball players start exclusively running the bases counterclockwise?
Do tennis players go off court for a break before the next set after an even number of games?
Why meldonium "almost" only in East Europe?
Why Benetton Treviso and Zebre Parma plays Pro12 League?
Why are Formula E cars limited at 225kph (140mph) by the FIA?
How do you practice soccer effectively alone?
Is a ball which passes behind the batsman and over the stumps a wide?
How do I know which direction the players will be lining up to sing the national anthem?
LBW and aiding umpire
Are LED stumps allowed by the Laws of Cricket?
Could an incorrect substitution result in a forfeit?
Throwing Ball From Dugout To First Baseman after inning
When do teams wear their away jerseys at international level?
In recent IPL T20 cricket matches, are the commentators in the stadium or watching a broadcast in a studio?
Potential damage to boot studs
How is the conversion rate calculated in football?
Is it a foul if no contact is made during an attempted reckless tackle?
Are there any sports other than American football that have a coach's challenge?
Are clubs' Champions League Final tickets nominative?
Was Kobe Bryant's 60 points in his last game comparable to his performance during his career?
Cap colour in IPL
What does Atletico Madrid do tactically different since Diego Simeone took over?
What material are professional football nets made from?
Is there a regulation about the shape of the posts of a football goal?
Were there any Moneyball-like instances in history of cricket?
How do MLB Managers do the lineup card on Jackie Robinson Day?
Does handicapping really do what it claims?
How long should a medal ribbon be?
What happens if a suspended player is used in match and the referee didn't notice
Does bat tampering exist in cricket?
Football offside tag up
Why are woodbats preferred to train with over aluminum bats?
Base running in softball
What would be the essential things to learn to get good enough to play on a small football team?
Runner on third tags up on caught ball, the other two do not, does the run score?
Swimmer's elbow problems
Training motor skills for inexperienced athletes
What if a player uses his shirt
Have the top two teams in the NHL ever met in the Stanley Cup Finals?
In which part of ice hockey game most goals are scored?
Participation of different teams with the same owner in European cups
Stolen bases in softball
What happens if the fielder fails to walk in from outside the boundary ropes when the ball is delivered?
What is the point of keeping track of pars?
Is there a connection between serious injuries/deaths in boxing and having one's father in one's corner?
Can you kick a stick in NHL?
Which boxers were killed or seriously injured in the ring with their father in their corner since 1980?
Umpire induces appeal play?
Why LBW is given not when ball is not pitched in Stump line while bowling around the wicket
Multi-national teams at club level
NHL Playoff Clean Sweep
Does "Strokes Gained: Tee-to-Green" objectify tee-to-green performance?
Does Naseem Hamed violate the Marquess of Queensberry Rules in this video?
How is the relegation of pole position driver managed in F1?
MLB awards for players who played in both leagues in one season
Football coaching
What are multidisciplinary sports?
Draft Pick Trading in NHL
NHL Playoffs format
Have two generations of one family ever won a medal at the same Olympics?
Golf Glove Rules
what happened if the player do not touch home plate?
What is the greatest number of yellow cards a team has got without a red card?
Can you jump on a free throw?
What is the record for the most family members competing in the same Olympic Games?
What is the shield-like gear the umpires are wearing at the IPL?
How are national tennis leagues organized?
How many extra balls occur after a no ball in T20?
Who is out if both batsmen end up at the same end and the fielders hit the stumps at that end?
Is MXGP the most important circuit for motocross?
Database of horse racing results?
Basketball Rule: Reach in with contact but get ball first
Baseball force play
How do competitive runners with asthma handle Doping tests?
How many matches will there be at Euro 2016
Should this goal have been ruled offside?
In sand volleyball, if a ball hits the line but the mark is out, is it in or out?
Basketball sits on the back of the rim motionless after an attempted shot. What is the ruling?
In basketball, can you score by bouncing the ball off the ground?
Why don't left handed power hitters bunt against the shift?
Sabermetrics and statistics, why so fitting for baseball?
Which sport is played on this field?
How are shorter power-plays counted in power play percentage?
How is video replay implemented in association football?
Why no uniform testing for doping at major sporting events?
Webbed gloves for spearfishing or snorkling will give me more speed?
What were the major transformations in pitching strategy in MLB history?
Is there an ATP 1000 that can end without a tie-break? Why not?
Rule about Hands on bar during benchpress in Powerlifting competition?
Can a batsman be out "Hit the ball twice" of a no-ball in cricket?
Hitting the ball to your opponent when it's going out
What can teams do when umpire has inconsistent strike zone?
Volleyball - Is this reaching over the net?
Is a goal scored if the goalkeeper, but not the ball, enters the goal?
Dry Suit Shorts: Do they exist?
How to adjust to practicing with a junior varsity and varsity football team?
Which Powerlifting federations and hence competitions comply with WADA's anti-doping policies?
How low below the back the bar can be in Squat of IPF Powerlifting competition?
Is it possible to win a cricket match by 0 wickets?
Has an ejection ever been reversed?
What is the maximum number of 3 pointers made by Michael Jordan in a single game?
Baseball pinch hitter question
I think I saw something like a "net" outside of a ball while watching a football game, what was that?
How are race numbers in cycling races assigned?
Is it still a force at 2nd?
How to build basics to compete in slalom skating?
Why is the swim so short relative to the bike and run in triathlons?
Has this line judge made an obvious mistake?
Can a run count despite a third out?
What happened in the Tony Drago vs. Alan McManus 2012 German Masters?
How does the World Ranking work?
In a major tennis tournament match, what was the largest difference in points won and lost where the winner lost more points?
Meaning of penalty cards
How exactly did the knockout punch work in Ali vs Liston (1965)?
How did Hollinger come up with his PER formula?
What teams won Champions League undefeated
What are the roles of the various officials in badminton?
Is there a regulation grass height for football?
How does the rankings works in boxing?
What's challenging?
Why is the hashtag #P3tra used in posts about Petra Kvitová
Greatest weight ever lifted (with good evidence)
Does the run count?
What determines the coefficients in the definition of slugging percentage?
Can a batter in baseball hit a foul ball twice?
What does data about kWh in the French Open "shots of the day" videos mean?
Definition of positional terms (latitude/longitude) of basketball shots?
How many teams have forced a game 7 after being down 3-1 in the series?
Most Sixes on a Ground by a Player - Cricket
Has a baserunner ever been hit by a batted ball?
Why does a player have to serve a Too Many Men on the Ice penalty?
Is a bunted foul ball for strike 3 a dead ball?
if the runner advancing to second base is hit by the throw from the outfield, is he out?
F1 Tyre Regulations for 2016?
Can the referee stop play for an injury or any other reason?
How often does this achievement happen in basketball?
Does a run count on a passed ball on a third strike?
What happens if a base runner attempts a steal right before the pitch, then the batter hits a foul ball?
Why would forfeits in football be scored as 3-0?
Which climbers have successfully scaled a wall with 15C difficulty?
What action was Logan Couture referring to when describing Sidney Crosby as cheating on faceoffs?
Three two-run homers in the span of six batters
Can Euro 2016 tickets be transferred to a someone
Leicester City FC in the seasons 2015/2016 and 2014/2015
How do I become a Badminton umpire?
Under which scenarios are using the term "double-elimination game" appropriate?
Was this offside decision from a corner correct?
what is the purpose of a 'Squib' kick in the NFL?
Inline wheels wobble
Leagues which count for two assists?
Would this baseball defense work?
What are the rules in baseball about how close a fielder can stand to the home plate?
Do Stanley Cup Champions get a replica of the cup?
What is the minimum weight to box at a specific weight class?
Additional time stats in football
Playing for a foreign team professionally?
Why are the same national football teams always the strongest?
Pool table sizes and minimum play area
Why did teams score so much during the first editions of the FIFA World Cup?
Shortest time between separated yellow card cautions for one player?
Which side will corner be executed, if ball gets outside above the middle of the goal?
What team has the shortest "longest losing streak" within a season in MLB history?
Why does the UK have 4 national football (soccer) teams?
Are football players allowed to screen the goalie?
When can you get up again after falling on the ground?
Problems in elbow while hitting a forehand shot
Player who score 200 in t20 games?
Does Duckworth-Lewis Method consider "free-hit" situations?
When is a dribble completed in the NBA
Autograph Identification
Football (soccer) mixed teams
Release Clause in European Football during the Winter Transfer Window
Can a starting pitcher be replaced before their first pitch?
Why so many differences from player to coaches costs transfer?
Does the run count, or is it considered a force-out
In Rugby, why can't the tackling team pick up the ball after the ball carrier lets go?
Fair or Foul Ruling
How many teams go through from each group in Euro 2016?
Has there ever been an NBA game in which one team did not score a single three-pointer?
Is there a stat for number of missed "open look" shots in an NBA basketball game?
Why is field hockey played with water on the field?
In U14s Rugby (UK) is it possible to score a pushover try from a scrum?
What is a "go-ahead three-pointer" in basketball?
Cleveland Cavaliers championship bonus
Would the player be fined after getting convicted for fake injury?
What are the most overlooked uses of body language in team sports?
What do the referees check when controlling the shoes of football players?
Dropped foul ball followed by hit?
Passing back, am I offside?
Three Quarters in Rugby
What are the rules regarding player movement in a lineout
How many assists Maradona made in his national team?
What was the first team sport ever invented?
In which professional sports league do players share the highest % of revenue?
Pickoffs on 3-2
When is the Duckworth-Lewis method applied?
How many people play water polo around the world?
How to throw farther
How does the coach communicate in multilingual national teams?
How often does extra time change the outcome of a game?
Runner stays on first: tagged out for not trying to advance?
What does "dividend" mean in the context of betting?
How does the review work?
Was there a golden ball award for the World cup prior 1978?
What does “swarm and stick” mean in American Football?
Can a goalkeeper use his/her hands within the opponents penalty area?
Updated power play rules for an ODI?
Why isn't it counted as a hit in baseball?
Motorcycle Track Racing - Late Braking
Penalty shootout with unequal number of players?
Players who won at least 2 world cups?
Largest audience for a sport match?
Dugout players assisting a fielder
Is this the oldest top ten in history?
Do managers select their kick takers after learning which team will shoot first?
What if an entire team is suspended for amassing 2 yellow cards each?
Did Adolf Hitler really snub Jesse Owens at the 1936 Olympics in Berlin?
Who is awarded the assist when a receiving player deliberately leaves the ball for another player, who scores?
Table tennis: receiver isn't ready for the serve - what are the rules?
When playing pool, where can I shoot the eight ball to win?
F1 Penalty for "Causing a collision"
What is the name of Pogba's body swerve played on Mustafi?
Player's name on uniform: when and why did it start?
In singles table tennis, is it considered bad sportsmanship to intentionally serve deceptively, even if following the ITTF rules
Differences between stroke and let
Furthest EURO/World Cup progression without regulation time win?
What do the tiny yellow RC cars next to the javelin throwing field do?
Why is betting on yourself in a sporting event considered unethical?
What does HF stand for in context of track and field abbreviations (WR, MR, etc)?
Climber rankings at Tour de France - must the winner finish the tour?
Are T20 Cricket games always played to the last ball?
Improving weak foot
What if a shot going for 4 interfered by the spectators in cricket game?
A False Out Call by an Umpire
Who is the football player who won the most official international titles?
How would a manager use a starter and reliever differently in an All-Star game?
A batter overruns first base, but misses the bag. Is then tagged out. Does the runner on 3rd score?
Climber or Points rankings leader not finishing Tour de France
Soccer players with over 100 international goals (IFFHS definition)
Are these two NFL rules overlapping?
How does the Castrol index works?
Has any cyclist won all of the individual, points and climbing jerseys in the same Tour de France?
Does the run count? Third out, not forced, not by batter-runner
Training ideas for goalkeeper/wicketkeeper
What is the record for greatest number of athletes with the same finish time in one event?
Black Crumb Nuisance
Influence of water temperature on swimmer performance
change of possession at halftime
Ball in hand on the black - where can it go?
Par 7 in golf hole?
Player Option in Contracts?
Teams in North American leagues that won their first game ever?
Athletes who have won Olympic medals under the olympic flag
Can you get autographs of the Baseball HOF inductees?
Why does not Vuelta have young rider jersey?
Highest runs scored by the lowest scoring batsman in a full innings in test cricket
Highest median score of a full innings in test cricket
Is an intentional foul in "killers" pool considered cheating?
In an interrupted cricket match, how D/L Method is calculated?
Player positioning in Doubles Badminton
Counting an assist
Serving Changes in Table Tennis
Usage of unusual characters in sports shirts
Draw Bow Without Arrow
Forced at second: is the double play legitimate?
Spoken languages in team radio
Electronic Assistance in baseball
How do rankings in competitive table tennis work?
Timeout after field goal: when can it be taken?
Baseball games won by balk
What does Home Runs Allowed mean?
Is shouting a foul in basketball?
What is "easy choice" in swimming program
Is there a "player of the year" award for international basketball?
What is an advanced area in football (soccer) field?
Do runners on base get a run if the batter hits a home run?
How are race stewards selected in F1?
History of Tennessee vs Alabama in American football series
Previous sponsors of Premier League
In Olympics gymnastics competition, what are the requirements to compete for a Country?
Why are two bronze medals awarded in judo at the Olympics?
Why are professional athletes allowed to compete in the Olympic games?
Are the gender differences in Olympic uniforms simply a style choice? Whose choice?
How do you play for the AHL with an NHL contract if you're not playing for the NHL?
WR Line while swimming
Why do professional boxers not compete in boxing in the Olympics?
Should you always wear socks with roller skates/blades?
Did Eric Moussambani go to the semi-finals in Sydney?
What is half of a medal?
Does a football player receive gold medal for UEFA Super cup win, and is he considered to be a winner, if not part of the match squad?
What are the red circles on the body of Michael Phelps at Rio 2016?
Why is the water in the pool at Rio 2016 green?
Fastest Lap: Qualifying vs Race
How many olympic gold medal ties have there been?
Reviewing two things at once
Why the divers use a small towel?
Why NFL kickers wear different shoes on each foot?
What happens when two athletes fall down in a 100m dash?
What happens if a goal is deflected by the referee?
How are Olympic boxing match scores determined?
Is there any rule that says you can't play with two rackets in badminton?
Can Bowling be chosen as a sport in the Olympic Games?
Which medals are given when there are multiple tied positions that would earn them?
How is an overthrow represented on the wagonwheel?
Penalty kick after time expires - should the referee play rebounds on for longer?
Can you buy Olympic medals?
Why is a bronze medal not awarded when two silvers are awarded in the Olympic Games?
Is it true that a sprinter ran the 100m in 21.73 seconds in a World Championship?
100m sprint: is there evidence for some lanes being better than others?
Rules and punishments for causing crashes in track cycling (omnium, points race)
Olympic Diving: how is the difficulty of a dive decided?
What if two boxers refused to fight each other?
How often do Olympic divers score a zero?
What teams have won the Europa League the season after winning the Champions League?
What teams have won the Champions League the season after winning the Europa League?
Where do the terms "dead lift" and "dead row" come from?
Was "freestyle" swimming anything other than "front crawl"
Formula 1: the lowest-ranked driver to win the Drivers' Championship in the final race?
Why do the olympic beach volleyball teams not set?
Platform diving - diver standing position
If the defense commits a penalty on an extra point after a turnover does the offense get to retry the point?
If you can't change an injured goalkeeper, what can you do?
NHL players making less than NHL minimum?
own goal from cross
Olympics medal table by country revoked for cheating
Athletes who have competed in the Olympics for more than one country
Why Olympics don't follow exact time to conduct a game?
Why is Olympic freestyle wrestling completed in a single day?
When are "mixed teams" allowed in Olympics?
Why do different genders serve differently?
Olympic 50km race walk
Tennis doubles: Can the player also return just after serving?
Bolt + Blake + Powell ever run together in a 4x100m relay?
What are those tripod-like things on the Olympic archers' bows? And what is their function?
Leaning at the end of a running race?
What does "WB" and "OB" mean for the decathlon?
Using Two Rackets in Table Tennis
Tennis: why can doubles players have a partner from a different country?
Why was USA disqualified from the 4x100 men's relay final in the Rio Olympics?
Rugby formations
Attacker makes blocker touch the net in volleyball. Who should be awarded the point?
Are women allowed to compete in men's division in Olympic Games?
What is the highest percentage of gold medals by nation for a speciality?
What are the criteria for deciding which sports to include in the Olympic curriculum?
What does this beach volleyball "hand motion" represent?
How long is the longest gap between gold medal wins by the same person in an individual event?
What features should I look for in prescription eyewear for playing volleyball?
Do NBA players earn from their jersey sales?
Drafted NFL Player Never Signs, What Happens?
In UEFA Champions League, how is it ensured that two teams from the same Country aren't drawn into the same group?
What happens if the fielders or the batter take too long to get to the field at the start of a new inning?
Unbalanced conferences in the NBA
Why keep the left arm straight in golf but not in baseball batting?
How/Should a referee signal the ball is out of play if there are no AR or CL?
Can a center move his head forward before and during a snap?
How much long-term damage is typical for professional volleyball to do to your hands?
Is a zero- or minus-tempo attack actually possible?
8-ball pool: can you call an object and the eight-ball in the same shot?
When advantage is played on a DOGSO situation, and a goal is scored, should the offender always be cautioned?
Does the last delivery still count when a match is resumed after an interruption?
How to throw with a "gorilla grip"
When did cross-checking become illegal in the NHL?
Prevent goggles from fogging
It is allowed in tennis play a ball externally from the net?
Safety Car vs Virtual Safety Car
Blown save when starter is ineligible for a win
Earned v. Unearned Run Following an Error (Dropped Foul Ball)
Serving advantage of tall players
MLB: Home Run + Stolen Base in back to back games
Athlete medal Olympics and Paralympics?
Undefeated Champions League Eliminations
How are the disability definitions scored in the Paralympics
When does 12-men on the defense stop play?
Offside on purpose
How can the defense be called for 12 men pre-snap?
Substances in WADA's monitoring program high risk?
Can a batsman be out hit wicket on a wide or a no ball?
Appeal play after a pitching change
Zero-pitch save
Can a player get his second yellow card while being replaced? What happens then?
Penalty taker pauses during the run-up: legal or not?
How do swimmers know how many laps they have left?
What footwear (if any) is required when playing in official football games?
What happens if there is stoppage of play after a tied T20 International match and super over is not possible?
Dinghy Racing: how do I use the kicker/vang properly?
Shall I always stick to the same move if it works?
Has there ever been a "strike-em-out-throw-2-out" triple play?
Do the type of cleats matter?
Is there a stat or resource that tracks series-wins in MLB?
Oldest footage of a complete football match
At what level did Xabi Alonso play Gaelic football?
What is the "paddle" for during a volleyball substitution?
In American Football, why are fullbacks called such if they aren't all the way back from the OLine?
Why do MLB players always look into the field after striking out?
Basketball and rebound
Foot fault on a jump serve in volleyball
Knocking golf ball into hole
What makes Stealing Signs wrong?
What is the difference between ping pong and table tennis?
Is this a runner put out or a baseman interfering?
How far off-center can the center be?
Why does the Welsh men's football team take strange poses in prematch photos?
Interpretation for sequence of slugging percentages
Does baseball have an equivalent of "six and out"?
Where did the horn that's played after a goal by the home team come from?
Problem in the penalty mark on a football field
Is a squeeze bunt with a runner on third and one out a good play?
Mouthguards with bad teeth
How many times has a cricket player got ten wickets and a fifty in a test match?
Alternative to table tennis glue?
Wimbledon Tennis Championship 2004, women's single, semi-final (Sharapova vs. Davenport): July 1st or June 30th?
Win football game by running backwards?
Football: abandoned matches
Origin of the 3rd Down "noise"
does steal count as first bounce?
Does it count as an at bat with RISP if a runner steals second?
Why is a straight-arm recovery in butterfly more efficient but in front-crawl it isn't?
Fastest opening goal of a FIFA World Cup
What is the greatest number of reviews resulting in a "not out" decision for one player in a Test Match innings?
Would a "driving hybrid" be an adequate replacement to a fairway wood?
Ball headed foul but stopped before it gets there - is it still fair?
Exact time measurement in football
Can the center move the football before the snap?
Who was the youngest winner of Gagarin Cup?
What are the FIVB Club World Championship qualification criteria?
How rare is it for a team to face the minimum number of batters without a perfect game?
What is the best position to take for a smash?
Does the pressure of the crowd make a difference on free throw percentages?
Why don't baseball players get involved with the spectators when something good happens?
Calculating run rate on a no ball in the very first over and first ball
Can European player sign for NBD-League team during the season?
The longest pause between two titles for main US sports?
Why does there exist a pause on seventh inning?
Are NFL teams disallowed from practising with NCAA teams?
Airsoft UZI gas mag not working. Is this piece supposed to be removed?
Is there an official software to calculate Duckworth-Lewis Method?
betting - do favorites get undervalued quotes?
Running After Being Knocked Off Feet in the NFL
Abbreviations in a football league table - what do they mean?
Consequences for being constantly offside?
How are the leaderboards determined in ocean races?
Most Man of the match Awards in IPL
Ball delivered before umpire calls play - out or not?
8 ball - Does order of pocketed balls matter?
When is it a free kick inside the penalty area?
Can the captain change players' positions without permission from a coach or manager?
Who is run out if both batsmen are out of their ground?
Guard eligibility to run the ball
What are the signatures on this Atlanta Braves cap?
Is there a service to legally stream football games?
Maximum number of unsuccessful reviews allowed in test cricket
In soccer, has a player ever been cautioned for offenses against his or her own team?
How should play be restarted after a player swings their boot near an opponent's head?
Can a referee end the game between a shot being taken and the ball entering the goal?
Can a basketball player play in college after playing in the NBA?
MLB Pitch Types "Back in the Day"
When has the driver who won most races in a season not been champion?
Does touching the pylon make it a catch?
What do careless, reckless and excessive force mean when referring to fouls?
Could a player be in an offside position off the field of play?
Why weren't the Eagles penalized for illegal touching on this quick kick in 1986?
Is Roger Federer's 65 consecutive Grand Slams a record?
Is a batsman out if the ball is caught after deflecting from their equipment?
What are the limits on where a cricket batsman can stand in front of the stumps?
Did any other latinamerican country win the Davis cup besides Argentina?
Are you allowed to fake a field goal or punt?
Why can't multiple fouls be accepted by the offended team?
Vegas NHL team and trades
What is a single powerplay in ice hockey?
What is the role of the person escorting and recording the driver during the interview?
Traveling when catching the ball in motion of a layup?
Stick flex in ice hockey
While watching a football game on TV, what does "1st & 10" mean?
NBA violation , drop pass, regain and pass
What are these banners better called or know as?
Ball hit too far, opponent hits back on the full: who loses the point?
UEFA Champions League Group Stage When Even on Points
Division Tie breaker
What to do with my sweaty daily clothes?
Who is eligible to receive a hand-off in American football?
Why was spitball allowed to some players?
Which NBA players have won a high school, NCAA and NBA title?
What is it like to change from football (soccer for the Americans) to rugby?
Ball trapped without entering the hole
Do athletes attending religious colleges (BYU, ND, etc.) need to be of that faith?
What does the third number in a NFL team's record stand for?
Has there been a NBA Father-Son Duos that have won an NBA Title and Olympic Gold Medal?
Is there any video of this (or any) successful fair catch kick?
Has there been an athlete to win a College Championship in two or more different sports?
How should I defend against my opponent's jump smash?
How skillful are major polls at predicting the winner of sports, particularly college football?
Why are WR in the slot covered by non-CBs in American football?
Are there recorded instances of batsmen not given out due to lack of appeal?
Can a batter, after a foul tip on strike two, run for first base since it is a live ball?
Pittsburgh had to lose to make the playoffs
What were the determinant factors in choosing the weight and size of a cricket ball?
If you capture sports data by yourself, is it legal to publish it and use commercialy?
If a swimmer breaks a record in a medley event, does the record count towards the individual event or the medley event?
Physical Conditioning for Skateboarding
NFL blocked punt rules
Is an NHL defender credited with a block if the puck still enters the goal?
NFL teams beating the same team 3 times in a season
Has a point guard ever averaged 1 block a game?
Does NFL have substitute referees?
Has there been a NBA Most Improved Player or Sixth Man of the Year Award winner to have won MVP Honors?
Can a football match end with a goal?
Is there a Sixth Man of the Year Award equivalent in other sports?
Why are American teams always named in a certain format?
What else can I do to my tennis racket to keep the ball in the court?
What determines the kick receiver's location when he catches the kick?
Would the offensive line lying down at the snap be an effective trick play in American football?
What's the relevance of the offside rule?
Badminton Ranking System for Friendly games?
If an assistant referee commits a mistake in a football game, will he be penalized in any way?
What's the rarest event in professional baseball?
Has anyone been suspended for flopping?
Why are shootouts used in the World Junior Hockey Championships?
Can a player who is out of bounds help a teammate stay in-bounds?
Number 5 seeds hosting NFL conference championship game
Why do NFL (american football) right tackles make less than left tackles?
What are the pass interference rules on a quarterback throwing a pass to self?
Can a card given out by the referee be taken back?
How do the NBA global games work?
Own Goal adds to Career Stats?
What do the referees write during the matches?
Where does the saying that a match ending in a draw is like "kissing your sister" come from?
NFL division with 3 teams in the playoffs
Empty net, attacker in the crease: should a goal be allowed or disallowed?
What are the marathons with the largest number of participants?
Why does Saint Silvestre get so many road races?
Is pulling shirts allowed in football? If not, why is it unpenalized?
Are there any rules in Tennis regarding deliberately aiming the ball at the player?
In Cricket what if the ball makes contact with the edge of the bat before hitting the stumps?
What is the average height in the NBA?
What happens to runs scored when an umpire's decision is overturned by DRS?
Why is Matt Ryan nicknamed "Matty Ice"?
Why do referees wait for a player to stand up before booking them?
How many games does the UNC basketball team play as part of their regular season schedule?
Why did Verratti get a card for this back pass?
Can you throw a table tennis paddle?
In North American football, why are 2 of the 5 offensive linemen called "tackles"?
Has it every happened that a team that was ranked in the top 5 anytime during the season didn't make the NCAA Tournament?
MLB Autograph Identification of a ball acquired from a Mariners fan
Does the man with an extra day of rest at the Australian Open have an advantage?
What happens if the wicket-keeper removes the bails on a free hit?
Can someone help me identify this autograph?
Is there a standard for football (soccer) balls to be accepted for a goal?
How are the parallel tracks for cross-country skiing created?
Is it easy to learn how to use an American pool cue if you're a snooker player?
Without Derek Jeter's flip play against Oakland in 2001, would Giambi really have been safe?
What is the best role for a low fitness player in futsal?
How do I schedule 12 teams in a championship where 3-4 teams play at the same time in a round, while allowing 1 loss to still be the champion?
What does HS in ski-jumping means?
Worst first serve percentage in a match during a grand slam
Is there any hat-trick wickets taken by as a team?
Unfair usage of DRS
Can a player challenge a chair umpire correction?
What are the biggest comebacks in NFL postseason history?
NFL players with at least 5 Super Bowl rings
How are wOBA constants chosen?
Is the receiving team more likely to win a overtime?
Is it more common to score on a kickoff return or a punt return?
Can players take a "practise" free throw before their "actual" shot?
What are the widest tires to be used in F1?
In which late-stage Grand Slam tennis matches has a single player won 200+ points?
Has a no-ball call from the on-field umpire ever been overturned?
What length of skis for slalom?
Are 2016 Patriots the only Super Bowl Champions who never led during the game?
What did a "utility player" become after Moneyball?
What are the statistics about follow-ons not enforced in tests?
What are the obstruction rules in squash?
Percentage breakdown of categories of doubles in NBA
Shooting at the wrong hoop beyond the three point line
Why would a captain not enforce the follow-on?
Have two players ever played twice on the same tournament in tennis?
When do football (soccer) fans have time to purchase refreshements and relieve themselves?
What do "2 of 6" and "4 of 6" mean in the context of this tennis schedule?
Opening Day Baseball Location
How to beat 2 singles players playing doubles
Does triathlon biking passing-penalty rule apply if the rider ahead accelerates?
Most numbers on back worn by a Player
What is the name of this iron cross maneuver?
USA high school with the most national high school basketball championships?
Lowest regular season win-loss percentage to qualify for the NBA Playoffs?
Greatest comeback in 2nd leg match
How to calculate IAAF points?
In football, is the inside of each goal part of the field of play?
Why do pro golfers fall back slightly after their putt?
What are the first steps to become a Chair Umpire/Line Judge in Tennis?
What happens if a cricket team has more than 11 fielders?
What is the valuation between different starting positions in auto racing?
How often do people in the golf tournament crowds get seriously hurt or killed by errant golf shots?
What Champions League winners had the largest and smallest overall margins during the tournament?
Average volleyball athlete height in NCAA
What is a protected pick?
Does any competition currently give solid gold medals to winners?
8-ball: is it a foul if the shooter doesn't touch the call shot ball?
Soccer: How to thwart someone who's pushing you on the back when receiving the ball
Has a play-in team ever won the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship?
Is the 1925 White Hart Lane match real?
Is it possible to purchase another teams draft pick?
What happens if every city withdraws bids to host the Olympics?
Has W.A.R. been used in this fashion?
What is the most number of times two teams met in a season?
How often does pulling the goalie work?
Is this a subtlety in the icing rule?
Can I take part in the Olympic Games decathlon by default?
What do the numbers on Mavis (Yonex) Badminton cocks mean?
Asian handicap bets combination
Can an opponent catch the shuttle before it hits the ground on a serve?
Schedule-wise, is it possible to win a Triple Crown in today's Tennis?
How is it decided in hockey which team wears white or colored jersey?
2 Runs need of last ball, batsman is runout while taking second run. What is the result?
Why Cricket world cup played in 1999 (England) instead of 2000?
MLB - process of signing guy off of streets
NHL Trades: Can one find the exact language of every trade?
What do football (soccer) referees do during halftime?
Why does a cricket player have to wait for four years before he can play for another country ?
Autographed Baseball from mid-late 2000s: can you help identify the player?
Baseball, when was the third strike rule put into effect when bunting?
Whose autograph is this?
2 players steal at the same time on 2 outs
Is it an offence if the ball is handled when the arms are in contact with the body?
Why Test Match ends with draw instead of either win or loss?
Most Trophies won by a Player in T20 leagues
Does blocking in beach volleyball need to be harder than in indoor?
How is it handled when two opposing players are gripping the basketball?
What is a 5-point play in basketball?
Can physically disabled people participate in the Olympics?
Why did Kevin Durant switch to the Golden State Warriors?
F1: economic damage because of crashes?
Why so many "bye" in ATP Indian Wells?
Champions League biggest comebacks after 1st leg
Why do the players take the ball in hand after they score a goal?
What are the rules of jump balls / tipoffs in basketball (nba, or others) about where the players on each team can stand?
Why is a batsman not permitted to consult with team on DRS?
NFL team "getting rid" of a player
What is the most penalty kicks missed by a football team in one game?
How are curling percentage determined by each shot?
Can a Hall of Fame player come out of retirement and play again
In volleyball, which part of the hand should you hit the ball with in an underhand serve?
What happens when a player is fouled hard while they are going for an and one?
Why are golfers allowed to participate in both the Senior's and regular PGA tournaments?
In basketball, what would be the result of a foul on the shooter and then a foul on the player attempting to block the shot?
Are there instances of batsmen walking despite a lack of appeal from the fielding side?
Shot on target with deflection - a goal or an own goal
Rushing yards vs passing yards vs receiving yards?
Is Franco Baresi a World Cup winner?
At what point does a player earn his prize money and points for getting to a certain stage in a tournament?
How did the term 'English' originate? (spin on a ball)
World Baseball Classic: Pool with three-way tie
How did football become so popular in Latin America, but not in anglophone North America?
Why does it matter how we end up a shoot or a pass, in terms of the footwork involved?
In table tennis, ITTF rules, what constitutes moving the playing surface (table)?
Who is the fifth Big Five in European football leagues?
Why did the NHL move to the current playoff format?
Why don't tennis match-ups always follow seedings?
Are there any specific rules regarding rematch in basketball?
Puck completely crossing the goal line for a legal goal - does it need to be placed to settle beyond the line too?
Why was Messi suspended for 4 games during 2018 world cup qualifications?
NFL record for most number of interceptions within one instance of scoring?
Softball foul ball rules
Delayed Offside Question (faceoff location, puck out of bounds)
Stats of Twelfth man if he involved in Caught/Run-outs
What is the best racket in the world?
Can the shot speed of an airsoft sniper rifle be reduced without cutting the spring?
Illegal Substitution and Awarded Goal
For a goal while there's a change of players, who gets the +1/-1?
Do minor penalties become penalty shots when there is "insufficient playing time"?
Boarding, NHL vs USA Hockey
At the end of the season, what decides tiebreakers in the NHL?
What is the real game behind the Harlem Globe Trotters?
How can I prevent football/soccer net theft?
Delay in Premier League Football match
Winning Pitcher
How many Premier League teams will play next year in the Champions League?
Number of whistles by referees defined in the rules or is it just a guideline?
Tie breaking in association football championships
Position of holes on a floorball ball?
Is an own goal scored with hand a valid goal?
Elimination system where both opponents can lose
What decides if a faceoff is Won or Lost?
Is a footballer allowed to wear a cap while playing?
Can an own goal be scored in field hockey?
Do high ranked players need wild card to play a Challenger tournament?
Why are there wildcards for players which could get direct entry into a tournament?
Drawing knockout(single elimination) fixtures
Choosing a boxing weight class
Going off balance and not making an attempt to hit during serve in squash. Is it a fault?
Is the runner hit by the ball out or safe?
Why does NHL award assists to 2 players?
How extrordinary is it to win a 400 meter race from lane 8?
Is there another way of keeping score for our Golf group?
Traded right before the All Star Game?
Why do many sports teams seem to wear white jerseys when they play a home game?
Has any player on the Edmonton Oilers roster (16-17 season) played a postseason game as an Oiler before this season?
Are transgender people allowed to play tennis on the WTA/ATP tour?
Second leg home advantage
Can a penalty be declined in the NHL?
Who autographed my baseball?
What is the difference between illegal substitution and too many men on ice in the NHL?
Sports with multiple balls
How many NBA teams have won a playoff game starting 2 or more rookies?
What is a gentle reminder to a squash opponent to stop an ongoing evaluation?
Why do pitchers walk other pitchers (in the National League) with some frequency?
Cincinnati Bengals All-Time leading tackler?
What is the most consecutive pitches thrown that increased the batters strike count?
Was Cristiano Ronaldo's 100th Champions League goal offside or not?
Did an athlete lap the rest of the runners after an illness that left him in bed for a long time before the competition?
World Baseball Classic Citizenship rules
Rate of NHL playoffs going to the overtime
Why do ice hockey players tape their sticks?
options in baseball
Home Nations in IFAB
How many times tennis majors champions played in the qualifiers round?
What happens after eleven kicks from the penalty mark?
In football, when, if ever, does shielding the ball with the foot become tripping?
Runners at first and third. Why not steal?
Is an advantage for a left-handed to play volleyball?
Who will take strike for a batsman being out in the middle of an over?
In football is it possible for a team to change team formation during a match?
Whats the rule with broken stick / Object in play for ice hockey?
How can soccer/football referees improve decision making
What changes should I make while bowling to get back to best of my line and length?
10 title at Montecarlo for Nadal is a record?
Red card during substitution in Football
In soccer, opponent overtook me, cut me off and tripped. Whose foul is it?
Distance between court & crowd in Basketball
Why is the bowling end changed every over in cricket?
techincal foul before tipoff
How far out of the net can a goalie freeze the puck in the NHL?
Can the referees self-evaluate during the breaks/intervals?
In 8 ball, can I call the same pocket with my opponent for the last ball?
What is Safety Play?
Is this fair or foul?
What is this type of dribbling called in basketball?
Why are scoring numbers in sports sometimes unnecessary high?
What is retired out in cricket?
Home run scored or out
Gun at start of run
Is Cricket the only sport which is played at a county level?
How does one team "enter the bonus" in an NBA game
Puck going out of bounds 'directly' off faceoff
Is there something called an offensive error in baseball? If not, why not?
Volleyball: Can an attack hit be considered a block
NBA game 4 home winners after trailing 0-3
Difference in injury rates between girls' and boys' lacrosse?
MLB closer with walk off hit
Why not get the force out at third?
Why was Eliud Kipchoge's time from Nike's Breaking2 not a world record?
NFL Authentic Game Ball Autograph Identification
How much of the power used in a formula e race is from recovery vs initial battery capacity?
How exactly are two teams to be relegated from IIHF World Championships decided?
Can a batsman be run out on a boundary shot?
What Is the Ted Stepien Rule?
Why did Hapoel Be'er Sheva go through over Southampton in UEFA EL 2016-'17?
Moving during serve in tennis
How often do 0-0 scores at the completion of regulation occur in major sports?
Dealing with excessive sweat in the hands while playing squash
Has there been a time the 2 NBA or NHL teams in the playoffs final series got there without losing any games?
How much protection do NHL referees wear?
What are the rules for resuming/scoring a rain shortened game in baseball?
Has any two teams in the World Series ever get there without losing a game during the postseason?
Can someone tell me who signature this is
How are combat sports legal?
How can I determine the dates on which separate baseball teams had the same result?
Most first class century in cricket?
F1: Mandatory tyre compounds
A pitcher given the loss despite others allowing the winning runs - how?
Why did ICC decide to go with Champions Trophy 2017?
Is there offside when the ball deflects off an opponent?
An earned run and loss despite the runner being out - how?
On a proper skateboard, what is the proper level of freedom for the wheels to spin?
Black Ball: Can a player win a game by first hitting an opponents ball on a free shot?
Whose Signature is this on baseball pictured. could have played in 1997. Florida Spring Training
How can a baseball player's average per pitch be much lower than his overall average on Fangraph?
What is the longest duration a team didn't register a shot on goal in the Stanley Cup Playoffs?
In table tennis, can you serve from the side of the table provided the ball is being hit from outside of the playing surface
Why doesn't baseball severely punish pitchers who seemingly hit batters intentionally?
Are players allowed to convert a penalty kick into a "multiple passes goal"?
What is the difference between NAIA Division I and II?
Why are there no left handed catchers in baseball?
What is the MLB record for most errors by one team in one season during the modern era?
Can a batsman be out hit wicket on a no ball, and do runs scored count?
How many MLB players have hit 4 or more Home Runs in a game?
Why does the Australian soccer team compete in the Asian qualifiers for the World Cup?
What are the premier Cricket competitions and leagues in the world?
What is the history of the term "Alley-Oop"?
What is considered a 'good' running time for short running distances for a normal fit person?
Can anyone please help me identify this name?
Why were Italy allowed to run offside in their Six Nations match with England?
MLB Winning Pitcher Determination
What is a "win in last at-bat"?
Who will qualify for semi-final?
When was eleven players per team decided upon?
Can the referee end the game while someone is about to shoot?
Why do F1 drivers move the wheel so much?
Is there a more complete baseball Leverage table?
Hand setting a hard driven ball (beach volleyball)
Squash: Is there a 'correct' flow to a game?
In little league, can an umpire change their ruling based on advice from coaching staff?
Tennis Grand Slam winner who didn't lose a set
Intentionally being struck with batted ball to prevent a double play
Why does the fastest racer typically start at the front of the grid?
How many times International cricket match were won after needing 6 runs in 1 ball?
How many times batsmen have managed to get more than 7 runs on a single ball in an international cricket match?
How many players have been out on 99 run in their international cricket match debut?
Can the non striking batsman be out if he blocks the field, having been injured
Is there a limit on a team's spending in one transfer window?
Are there statistics on whether finishing with a positive result has subsequent effect?
Why England cricket stadium have slope boundaries?
Why do incoming batsmen always mark the off-stump line?
Wording in MLB slide rule
Immaculate inning
What happens if an own-goal is scored during a delayed penalty shot (ice hockey)?
Has a team ever refused to participate in the World Cup finals after qualification?
Why did match referee award the 1996 Cricket World Cup Semifinal to Sri Lanka 'by default?''
Bowler(minimum 5000 deliveries) without giving a single wide/no-ball in his/her entire international cricket
Can a basketball player refuse to be chosen in a particular team?
How frequent is high sticking in Ice Hockey?
NBA Draft - Are there any restrictions on signing an undrafted player?
What would happen if a team would let the draft timer run out?
Baseball - Where can i find the names of all pitchers in game? (not only starting pitchers)
Restart after verbal offence against referee by substitute off the field while the ball is in play
Pitchers winning consecutive Cy Young awards
When has a driver ever been penalised for deliberately driving into another?
What happens when bowler deliberately delays while bowling?
Do they use a specific organ to play baseball tunes live in the stadium?
How long does a fielder have to wait before he can bat if he has missed the whole of his side’s fielding session?
What is the scientific consensus of wearing ankle tapes and braces to prevent injuries in team sports?
How are different sport climbing disciplines combined?
What is a "college free agent" in the NHL?
Which team have scored most injury-time(after 90 minute mark) goals in history of La Liga, Serie A and Bundesliga?
How do I kick from my hip ?
Is there any restriction on the movement of a runner for an injured striker before he plays the ball?
Third base runner gets hit by a foul ball, is he out?
Ball Handling Development
Which player has had the most consecutive appearances in MLB's All Star Game?
Football: why the youth version of the UEFA European Championship is for U-21 players while FIFA World Cup is U-20?
Is there a significant difference between a 16x18 and a 16x19 tennis racket string pattern on performance?
Lou Gehrig and Wally Pip
Tag out of a forced runner to end the inning, does the run still score?
Why is hawkeye not allowed to automatically correct a wrong call?
Tennis serve - such thing as a "body fault"?
How many bunt home runs has there been in the history of MLB?
Why are cars allowed to unlap themselves during safety car period?
Which sports broadcast gets the highest TRP rate?
Dimensions of soccer pitch
How many times a tennis player became world number one ranking without ever winning a grand slam?
Tennis - soil under grass vs other court types
Powerplay rule if there are 10 fielders on the field
Who authenticates baseball paraphernalia?
Why are there owners willing to pay so much for sports teams?
Tennis player sit-down (or other form of) protest?
Wide ball gone to boundary by touching Keeper's Helmet
How are tennis mixed doubles seeds determined?
If a hit passes directly over the foul pole, is it a home run?
Anyone know what year this is from? Found under 100 year old building.
What is the allowed tolerance for a jump start or is it a hidden rule?
High jump: Why is it not allowed to take off on both feet, do flip flops etc?
Which football matches had the highest combined number of goals?
NBA Player with Retired Jersey Number in Multiple Teams
Worst placing in the climber competition for the overall winner
How many teams can participate in EuroLeague from one country?
Why doesn't Wimbledon have final set tie break?
Is protest considered as Unsportsmanlike Conduct in tennis?
How many times has a starting pitcher stuck out all starting hitters?
How to become a cricket umpire for junior level
Why isn't Cricket an Olympics sport event?
When is the challenger awarded the point in tennis?
What is this training device used by Vasyl Lomachenko called?
Player termination with basketball agent
Offensive interference in baseball ("confusing" a fielder)
Uncaught Third Strike question
Will Antonio Valencia get suspensions after being sent off in a friendly match?
How to select running shoes for performance?
Can a 5-yard penalty be conceded by the defence when the offence is less than 5 yard from the goal line in American football?
Do NCAA College Football athletes have to provide their own helmets?
If the ball is thrown, but caught by the server before it is hit, is this a service fault?
Why was this not a balk?
Why are second and third excluded from balk rule?
How many times all Grand slams of a calendar year were won by players 30 and older?
Question about batter's position in batter's box prior to pitch
Does a penalty yardage greater to the "yards to go" always lead to 1st down in American football?
Why Federer was seed #3 at Wimbledon 2017?
How do bookies calculate parimutuel place odds (in horse racing) shown before a race starts?
Who wins if an opponent's last ball is pocketed while pocketing the 8-Ball?
Will the Halo protection system improve safety in F1?
Average age of top five European football leagues?
Formula 1 season with highest number of DNF's?
Which year Tour de France had riders from most countries?
Why is the last stage of Le Tour de France "friendly"?
What happens when a baseball player is "DFA'ed" and then signs with another team?
What happens when Bowling match get canceled due to power outage?
Highest number of penalties missed in a shoot-out?
If two pitchers pitch to the same batter, who is credited with the result of the at-bat?
Run out on wide ball after the ball settled in keepers hand
Ways to chalk a grass baseball field?
Can a player move the ball through the pitch while holding it tightly near his body in football?
First match with numbers on jersey
When can a goalkeeper take the ball into their hands?
Why is it that players of professional soccer leagues play in the FIFA World cup and other competitions without complaint from their managers/leagues?
Back to back game tying and game winning walk off home run
Home runs on back to back pitches
Highest number of own-goals scored in a game for both teams in football
Are there any goals scored by a referee?
What are the odds of seeing a grand slam in baseball
Longest distance to goal for top 5 European league?
How does the serving and swapping side cycle work after the first set?
Is there any time limit for players to apply for review?
Origin of Counter-attacking style of play in football?
Which is the longest own-goal in football?
European Football release clause amount
How do top ranked tennis players choose ATP 250 tournaments?
Was Brett Gardner first MLB player to hit consecutive walk-off home run and lead off home run?
Shortest time between grand slam walk offs
What are the black bars beneath American Footballer's eyes are used for?
Which tennis number one played the fewest tournaments in a year?
What's the English term for this double-elimination tournament variant?
Is runner out if he goes out of play?
Can a player hold the ball under their body or legs in football?
Penalties scored by both feet?
Player with debut match perfect Hat-trick?
Do MLB players wear new uniforms every game?
Why the pitcher (in baseball) doesn't wear a helmet?
Hitter reaching first although he is already out
Tour de France general classification is identical across stages, but results are not. Why?
Was Neymars transfer completely void even after committing to play until 2021?
What is the percentage of game won in alternating penalties format for team going first?
Has there ever been a football player who held the title of "most goals in one season in history" in two different countries?
How is par score used in any variants of Stableford competition?
Serve deflected to the left hand court in a doubles match, is it a let?
What is the sports bra looking thing soccer players wear?
Why 110-hurdles for men and 100-hurdles for women?
What criteria does each batter in baseball's batting order have?
Should this still be in-play in Australian Rules Football?
Longest time between ATP or WTA #1?
Tie breaker rules during penalty shootouts, when the lighting is poor
Is it a let in ping pong if the serve lands on the opponents side, but hits the net on it's way back towards the server?
What is the importance of the game scoresheet?
What is the most goals conceded by previous year champions in new season 1st game in top 5 European league?
Are my Hockey skates sharp or dull?
Why isn't the combined event the same for men and women in big athletics events?
can the bowler from previous over continue this over?
Can a player receive a direct red card after receiving the second yellow card?
What is the circumference of the legs of Usain bolt?
What are the rules governing "options" in MLB?
Why did baseball players start wearing gloves but cricket players not?
Can anyone tell me who signed this baseball?
What happens when fouled behind the goal line near the penalty area?
What's the longest streak of games with homeruns for a batter?
Direct red card after previous yellow
How is net run rate calculated if one team loses overs due to a penalty?
Is there any list of doping that could be found in daily food?
Why doesn't UEFA allow other official matches at the same time as their own competitions?
If a batted ball strikes a runner on the offensive team and is caught before hitting the ground by the defense, is this an out?
Mistakenly shooting one of the wrong group of balls in 8-ball
Which team got the highest possession but still lost the match?
Record for player hitting the woodwork most number of times in a season in top European leagues?
Highest goal-difference for non-title winning side in top 5 European leagues?
In Tennis rankings what does 10+45 mean in terms of getting ranking points?
How many pitches does a reliever usually need to warm up?
How to choose your first set of golf clubs as a beginner?
Second Yellow, Forgot Red, Can it be given later?
Is Sher-Wood T90 considered a pro stock hockey stick?
How many times an MLB team has won a game with no hits?
How does appeal against sending off work in football?
Runner at first goes, but nobody else
Rank teams in different divisions when there is little inter-division play?
US Open 2017 - draw movements after Murray's withdrawal
Longest participation streak in European football competitions
When shooting the 8-ball, can it bounce off another ball into a pocket if it is called?
Can a player be sent off without a red card?
Baseball - WHIP
How cricket analyst store information of first 7 order lowest score table also?
What causes the countries on this shirt to seem out of alphabetical order?
MLB teams shutout in series
How is the "best loser" determined in football?
Football teams qualifed for World Cup with no loss
What's the fastest grand slam tennis singles won
Has Liverpool conceded a goal while their fans were singing "You'll Never Walk Alone"?
Tying relegation rules EPL vs EFL
Has any team won the country's top league (division) playing from temporary stadium?
Football: final score when one team gets 5 players sent off?
If during a struggle defender crosses the line but raider does not then the raider is declared out or not?
How to block when the ball is over the net?
Covering Puck in Crease
Pitcher awarded the winning record
Nfl history - Pre 1950's
Does hitting green on stroke 1 also count as fairway hit?
Is spreading arms foul
Will the new MCC 2017 laws apply on old cricket match stats?
Most love serve games
Is retired out counted in the bowling average?
Does last man stand rule come into play earlier with retired out's
Sign stealing in baseball
Which team has the longest time not winning the top flight league championship?
How many seasons did Steve Young play?
Should a goal be disallowed if a player in an offside position blocks the view of the goalkeeper?
What is the meaning of these American football trash talk expressions?
Upper limit of unsuccessful appeals against suspensions
Is it a foul when the ball pushes the net into blockers hands?
What does "out round" mean in NFL?
Probability of winning after playing a 5 set match
Is there any template situation when it is more likely for doing nutmeg?
How can NFL legally suspend players for off field actions
Backward pass NFL
How are new franchisee fees in IPL decided?
Why is Gio Gonzalez's WAR is 0.01 ahead of Max Scherzer in ESPN's current WAR rankings?
How rare is an inside-the-park grand slam home run?
Andy Murray's ranking at the beginning of 2018
Identify autographs on football Eagles 2011-2012
Smacking the ball down without hitting the opponent's hand when they hold the ball with two hands
What is the record for winning a Formula 1 race by leading least number of laps?
Why is UEFA champions league table different than usual table?
talking to the umpire after being ejected
What is a loose ball get crumb in AFL?
Why aren't the own goals always awarded to the last attacker
Could Wilt Chamberlain dunk from the free throw line?
Why are Raiders stand higher than Chiefs after week 1?
Can anyone tell me whos signature is this?
Identify football autographs, signed at 2008 Bronko Nagurski Charlotte Touchdown Club awards
Can these shoes be used to play football (soccer) on a regular basis (on a hard surface)
How is English Premier League order position determined if teams are tied?
Why does a right hand overhead thumber roll right instead of left?
Why are NFL players introduced with their college team?
What's a "slider" and an "off the seam" bowling?
In which year of the Campeonato Paulista the teams would dispute penalty shot-out before the game in order to win a point in the case of draw?
Whose autograph is this on a 2014 Giants baseball?
Cooperative sports throughout history
Is a match forfeited if a player refuses to leave after being sent off?
Does a spike count as an incompletion
Understanding the concept of spin
Sinking cue ball after the 8 ball in pool
Laver Cup: Why are the doubles played without No-Ad rules
When does a penalty result in an automatic first down in NFL?
What happens if a referee gets injured and there is no replacement available?
Double-double and triple-double with at least 40 points
Can Bautista re-sign with the Blue Jays outside the terms of mutual option?
Who decides this type of things in LIVE cricket matches?
What is the distance allowed for the goalkeeper to be off the line during penalty kick?
How to coach a player out of bad habits?
MLB tiebreaker: 1977
Has the Lambeau Leap been banned at all NFL stadiums except Lambeau Field?
What happens if a batsman does not play a shot and the ball touches their pad?
Cricket puzzler
NRL (Australia) Rugby - Touching Ball Near Try Line
What NFL teams have been shutout in consecutive games?
Whose signature is this on a playoff basketball?
Rugby league: does a knock-on require an immediate stoppage of play?
How many of Junior Grand Slam Winners made it to ATP/WTA Top 10?
What is calculated when they show the pit stops times in F1?
What are the venues where FC Barcelona used to play in its early days?
Has any baseball match been stopped because the opposing team has no chance of ending an innings
How can a touchdown catch be made when the receiver lands outside the End Zone?
What football stadium is at the highest altitude in the world?
Saw this old picture about 1+1=tube, but I can't seem to get the joke
Are there additional conditions for qualifying to WTA Finals other than race rankings?
Which NFL teams have natural grass stadiums?
In American football, where do the officials mark the tackle?
How are numbers defined in F1?
What does the A at end of country mean?
Calculate Assist Percentage in basketball
How can mental toughness be improved for young players?
Number of baseballs used in a major league baseball game?
Match being called off because of an attempt of match-fixing in Europe's top-level football leagues
What does it mean to follow the person into the referee's notebook?
How much bigger can the rubber be than the blade?
Tie-breakers in the group
Free-throw lines length
Can a fielder use the wicketkeeper's glove if the wicketkeeper has discarded it during play?
Are there studies that shows significant link between repetitive heading and brain injuries?
How are half-winning or half-losing or refund states treated in a multibet form?
Pitching mlb baseball
How to tell the coach that I don't want to play varsity?
Two runners on same base
Can the angle of the paddle offset a spin?
Gloves weight for muay thai/boxing training
In the Benfica vs Man Utd match, why did the referee point to his watch after the goal?
Approximately how much does a catcher's gear weigh?
Airborne receiver heading out of bounds
Oddsmakers, Betmakers and Sportsbooks: Who does what?
Do sportsbooks structure "lossless" bets?
Can I bounce the ball over someone and resume dribbling it below my shoulder in basketball?
Identifying autograph on a pair of baseball cleats
Did the Dallas Cowboys's Jeff Heath practice kicking at all since high school?
A strange kick from the penalty mark scored: should a goal be given?
Based on physical attributes, what is a better position?
How does Rediff calculate MVPI (Most valuable player index) for IPL?
What is this skill move performed by Neymar called?
Running between the wickets rule
What counts as a deliberate save for offside?
What would prevent the NFL from expanding to a 19 game season?
Is this bat with shiny substance consistent with pine tar legal?
Does the 2-2-1-1-1 format get used in 7-game series anymore?
Is it legal to change the badminton racket during play
FIBA 2017 new traveling rule: Pass No Dribble Lay Up Legal Action
The effect of various rubbers on table tennis ball
Why not make the starting pistol predictable in running competitions?
What is the largest number of runs scored with one out remaining in an MLB game?
What is "baseball’s magic twelve-letter word"?
Can sidearm or submarine pitching be harmful to youth baseball players?
Is hitting a foam ball against a wall in training detrimental to my tennis?
What is Panna (the game)
In football, can a player sent off before the start of the game be substituted?
Starting a social pool club at work
Does anybody know who's signature this is?
Is there a way to get scholarship to play basketball in USA if someone is from Europe?
Who autographed this baseball
Is it a fault: penetrate under the net when the feet are completely in opponent's space, but not on the court?
Why was Iowa's long snapper an eligible receiver after snapping the ball on Iowa Nov. 4, 2017 swinging gate play?
How can I improve my dribbling skills and my ball control for soccer?
me when I take down a standing pile by jumping on top?
Double table tennis serve rules
Who autographed this bat from San Diego Padre?
Can the event of kick-off going directly into the kicker’s own goal described in the Laws of the Game ever occur?
Consecutive goals scored by one player for a team
Points-based scoring systems for non-automotive sports with more than two competitors played over a season
Would it make sense for some teams to "extend" the terms of qualifying offers?
Is there any rule against full cover in cricket?
Can the game go on after a free before centre bounce?
Tennis ATP World Tour Finals Scheduling
How would one go faster in Karting when they already hold the record?
World cup winners qualified through play-offs
Why does NFL have games on Thursdays?
How does one become ranked by ITTF?
Are you allowed to change paddles mid game?
Procedure for World Cup draw 2018. How is the principle of geographical separation respected?
Test Match abandon Conditions?
How many football players enter at the start of the match?
What form and how much advertising is permitted on the jersey of players and the referee?
What are the duties of the coach in a football team?
Singles net at ATP
NFL fields missing team logo
Was Hooper offside for Australia's first disallowed try?
Why did Magic Johnson throw the ball out of bounds after getting the rebound?
After the revocation of an Olympic medal, do those who took lower places get upgraded?
Why is a batsman out, when the impact is outside off, on an umpire's call?
8 ball (i have solids) can I hit solid, stripe and then make a solid legally i.e.agood hit?
Championship points decided by a net cord?
Is is possible to use a PTBNL to cover certain contingencies?
Legs stops kicking while inhaling air during freestyle swiming
Longest 3rd and 4th down conversions
What does a Scandinavian Flick/Pendulum Turn physically achieve?
What is the concept of Test cricket? How and when is it decided that a team has won or there is a draw?
Can anyone help me identify these signatures? I think it's a Colorado Rockies ball
Which of these sports requires a definite winner and loser?
Overthrow and throw-by
Are Teams Penalized for Lone Player Behaviour?
Are own goals considered when calculating goal conversion rate?
Can you block a shot through the basket in basketball?
What happens if the 2 umpires in cricket disagree on a decision?
Why China don't have their cricket team?
Is there any industry using NRTK technology for measuring distance to the hole?
Are football fields 100 yards long. Document by reconciling space between yard markers
Olympic sports where teams compete for entry
What is the name of round-robins when teams play others an unequal number of times?
Why Atlético Madrid has to play in the Europa league and not in the Champions league the next year if they were in the top 3 past year in la liga?
IFAB: Technical Area, Substitutes
What is the meaning of "Points" in ICC rankings?
Spanish Football Calendar
How are the votes on curling shots determined?
Which team has scored the most goals during the group stage of a single UEFA Champions League?
What is the difference between a manager and a coach in case of a soccer team?
How are the Ballon d'Or scores determined?
What is written on the last ATP finals trophy?
Is there any link between Scoliosis and sprinting?
Scores of men's vs. women's teams
What is the origin of the term 'on the hill' in pool?
How is a football result determined if two teams reach the red card limit?
What are the strategical differences of playing under centre and out of the shotgun?
Most final appearances without winning a title in one season
Run/Run Out with dropped bat
Is it possible to visit a training session at the Danish national badminton center?
Baseball signatures
Major league athletes with extra regular season games played
Law 14 - Lets - of badminton
How is a batsman not out when the wicket is put down and they don't have their bat or body grounded inside the crease?
Who was the first motorsport driver to perform ‘shoey’ - drinking alcohol out of a shoe, on podium?
Target size for compound archers
Does the change to the grounding law apply to stumping?
What is the NFL record for starting field position by kick returner
Why did the hash marks in American football get moved inwards in 1935 and 1945?
American billards, foul in last ball (black)
Highest test innings one batsman scoring most of the runs
Can football players be penalised for an action against a teammate that is normally a foul if done to the opponent?
When making weights, why are some MMA fighters sometimes below the weight limit?
Can the kicker alter the shape of the football before a kickoff, say by banging the tips on the ground?
Who autographed this baseball found in an estate?
How do I counter my opponent's wide angle topspin loop shots?
What is the maximum advantage from first to last qualified in a FIS slalom first half?
Is holding the wall or bouncing up off the bottom legal in water polo?
How to calculate the run rate midway through an over?
Can time of possession for the two teams of an NFL game add up to less than 60 minutes?
Quarterback pass to self
Can anybody identify these ‘90s to mid-2000’s White Sox players autographs?
Is there such a thing as an ineligible runner in football?
What is an "overflow winger"?
If Liverpool FC win the Champions League does that mean Coutinho wins it as well or if FC Barcelona win Champions league will Coutinho win it as well?
Why did Neymar join PSG, given how good his previous club is?
Can bowler bowl with two hands (left & right) in international cricket
What's the complete rule regarding double bouncing balls inside the popping crease?
Can a forward pass be thrown after a handoff made in front of the quarterback?
Is there a weight limit on darts, and what weight do professionals use, relative to such a limit?
What are the duties performed by the match officials before the start of a match?
Who will get the point in this case?
What is the science behind reverse swing?
What happens if bowler's steps get tangled?
NFL conference top seed hosting divisional round playoff game as an underdog
Are all the Under-19 players allowed to play only one world cup?
Which team is mentioned first in the score in NBA games?
Is this a mistake specifying dimensions in the IFAB laws?
Is there any guideline the NFL uses to refrain from calling a penalty due to unusual celebrations or mass reactions?
Can someone identify this autograph?
Scoring by offense on a blocked extra point
Is the ball considered in play when the goalkeeper puts it on the ground after catching it?
Slovenia - Germany last goal of the 25-25 tie in EHF Euro 2018
Why isn't there an advantage rule for fouls in basketball (similar to soccer)?
How important is the opening service in a game of badminton?
Why do these highly ranked senior players never enter a national medal tally?
What is the record for the most number of runouts in a Test match?
What happens to a half century recorded when a player scores a century?
When can the ref cancel or abandon a match due to severe weather?
How many horses are allowed to run a single race?
What does the superscript used in tennis scores mean?
When has a fan stepped in as the 4th official after a linesman got injured?
Why might a defenceman not be penalised for interference, if they knock down or push opponents who are in or near the crease?
Who signed this
Last tennis players to win Grand Slam on home soil
Is this Darryl Strawberry's autograph on this baseball?
Is it easier to hold serve in tennis doubles than in singles?
Could Hawkeye tell us the probability of runs and wickets from a given ball?
Shuttle touching the floor of the court is not a fault?
In pool, what happens if the last coloured ball and the white are sunk in the same shot?
Is offside called when a defender plays the puck into an attacker from a delayed offside?
How do clubs/stadiums segregate home fans from away fans
What is the record for combined (Test, ODI & T20) most player of the series award?
How many tournaments is a professional tennis player required to play in a year?
What are "holding numbers" in cycle races?
Was Lilliard's shot in 2014 Game 6 against the Rockets released in time?
Average length of uninterrupted play in basketball
FIBA Shot Clock reset on throw-in touching ring
Does run count if the 3rd out is due to a player not tagging up?
How many yellow cards before player is suspended in Copa del Rey
What do these numbers mean in the tennis WTA calendar?
Who can qualify for the Australian Open?
Is there a minimum number of players needed on the field in the NFL?
Are advantage or tiebreaker sets more common?
Where can football teams place their replica trophies?
Was there a professional sports competition where every entrant was a previous winner?
History of rule changes in tennis
Word for: player who's just helping field a team
Would the Copa del Rey change its name for a queen?
Is a hand pass cancelled if it touches the other team?
Super Bowl MVP winners from the losing team
Better to fall down after interception in end zone?
Did any player on Eagles Super Bowl winning roster play on the 04 season Super bowl?
What will the batsman score from a winning boundary with one run needed to win?
Can an intercepting player be down by contact that occurs before the interception?
After a missed field goal, where does the next drive start?
What determines the spot of a field goal kick in the NFL?
How are UEFA Champions League group ranks decided in this convoluted situation?
Are ballroom dance competitions just for trophies only?
Who's signature or autograph is this?
How can one team "own" another team's first-round pick?
When exactly did Dale Earnhardt crash?
Who are the "Olympic Athletes from Russia"?
Signal for off-side and indirect free kick in association football
Athletes under the Olympics flag competing in team sports
How many people are representing the US officially in the 2018 Winter Olympics?
Will the club finishing 4th in the EPL go to any European competition if clubs from 5 to 8 win corresponding titles granting European qualification?
What's the point of winning the opening tip off in basketball?
Who signed my LA Raiders football?
What are these additional white lines on the cricket pitch?
What is a proper definition of "doubles rotation" in badminton?
What are rifle specifications in Biathlon?
Too many players on the basketball court
What is the origin of the myth that Dutch are good speed skaters because it's a mode of transportation for them?
How is the scoring determined in Winter Olympic Sports?
Why do curlers have a stopwatch?
In NBA, why praising an opponent's player an offense?
use 8 ball to clear pocket
Why do curlers always spin the stone
Why, specifically, is George Asanidze's record not 181kg?
Are substitutions allowed in curling?
What is the point of the "Small Final" in Snowboard Cross?
Why do skiers use poles in slalom and downhill?
Who was the first Korean to compete in the Olympics?
What happens when time runs out in Curling Olympics matches?
What does Australia do to get kids into winter sports at an early age
What could be the advantage of doping in curling?
baseball autograph not sure who signed this ball?
Why is the first false start allowed an exception while the second is not?
Can a player be replaced after the team is announced for a cricket match?
Was Elizabeth Swaney the second lowest ranked competitor going into the women's halfpipe skiing?
Spanish long distance speed skater in the 1980s?
Are all sizes of paint ball compatible with all paintball guns?
Why do curlers blank on purpose?
Athletes who have won medals in multiple disciplines in the same Olympics games
What are the differences in sweeping between the two sweepers in the curling?
In snowboard/ski cross, how are jerseys determined in the rounds?
Cleaning Oil/Grease on Felt Pool Table
Power Plays in the Final Period
What is an RKO in wrestling?
How does the DRS work for LBW when a spinner's ball hits the batsman full on the pads?
What is the advantage to ask the Power Play in curling?
Which player gets the assist in this situation?
Are roundish cracks on a cricket bat a serious issue?
Does shaving your legs really matter in swimming/cycling?
What resets the counter for a hockey assist?
What is the maximum number of players in basketball?
NHL goalies with back to back 50 save regular season games
Has Promotion and Relegation been used in North American Major Leagues
Snooker fouls before tv
Most runners under 10s in a single 100m race?
FIFA approved sensors for Soccer
Statistical Indicators for Defensive Forward
Is there a formula to find how many games a team will play in a competition?
If the batsman gets out hit wicket, but the bowler bowls a no ball, is the wicket rescinded?
Why is playing to the spirit of the game considered so important in cricket?
Does the out count after a malicious tag in baseball?
What were the results of the 2012 European Junior Weightlifting Championships 85kg A Class?
Do you lose in 8 ball pool if the 8 ball hits another ball
8 ball hitting another ball in a game of pool
When a football match goes to extra time, when is full time?
How is the Odds Shark "Predicted Score" calculated?
Cricket enquiry question
Ice cross downhill competitions for amateurs?
How much of a season must be played for it to count under an NBA pension?
Does a point end if the volleyball hits the net?
Why are 7 non-compulsory tournaments included in Marin Cilic's ATP ranking?
What does SR mean for track?
Tiebreakers for best loser in a single elimination playoff
What proportion of NHL hat tricks are natural?
Where can I purchase tickets for the 2018 World Cup?
If ball rebounds onto the stumps after hitting the wicket-keeper's leg, will it be a stumping?
Maximum overs for a bowler in reduced 14 overs match?
Who will take strike for this particular situation, when striker is out Caught in the boundary?
Who pays for the expenses of players called up during international breaks?
Would Ireland qualify for the 2019 Cricket World Cup if their game against Afghanistan ended in a tie?
If the bowler has exhausted his quota of bouncers for an over, is the batsman out if he nicks a bouncer and gets caught?
What would happen in a tie in a Cricket World Cup final?
What was Cameron Bancroft trying to do with the tape?
Is the batsman run-out if ball in contact with the lying stump
In basketball, why is it easier to make a layup by banking it off the backboard?
table tennis rule clarification
Is there any rule forcing a team to try to win?
Why Indian cricketers don't play in foreign leagues?
An attempt to shield the ball ends in one player kicking another's leg. Is it is a foul and what is the result?
Which is the most frequently played match in football European Cups?
Why doesn't college men's basketball play in quarters?
F1 teams to win their first grand prix
Blocked shot on a foul by another player
What makes the 2018 ball tampering scandal in Australia vs South Africa so significant?
Why didn't Lu Xiaojun get to lift 177kg at the 2012 London Olympic Games?
Runner Misses Third Base
How easy is it for a LF to play RF and vice versa?
Why was Sisco's 9th inning bunt vs the Minnesota Twins a bad play?
What will be the standing of teams in a situation, where 3 teams have equal points and tournament rules don't specify tie-breakers between 3 teams?
What sports are played on a square (besides a given list of exceptions)?
Is it confirmed that Mitchell Starc and Chris Lynn will not play In IPL 2018?
Will records in a particular match be discarded if the bowler is called for throwing?
What is the longest additional time ever added in Europe's top five leagues?
Soccer Standings
White Sox vs Blue Jays call overturned, why was a run awarded?
What is the longest suspension ever imposed in any major league in football?
MLB Mound Visits: do pitching changes count?
MLB Mound Visits: initiating a visit when MVR = 0
What football match had on the playing field the highest number of golden ball (Ballon d'or) winners?
What is the longest ban ever imposed in cricket?
Stance for left handed, right footed boxer?
Foreign player rule in La Liga
Ballon d or/Fifa the best
What is the exact time for start of the match in IPL 2018?
Are the NBA teams globally better in East or West conference?
The ending of a baseball game
How do players take turn hitting the ball in golf
Maximum bowlers can be used to complete an over in test cricket
Which team has scored the most goals during a single whole UEFA Champions League season?
Can the third umpire overturn a decision without being referred from the field?
In Table Tennis, does a 7-0 lead mean that set is won?
Is cricket the second most popular game after football?
What constitutes a player as a rookie?
How are NFL division titles determined when a team has best record within division, but not in overall games?
Why is it "bad etiquette" for a batter to watch a home run ball?
If an allrounder takes highest wickets and scores highest runs then which cap he will be awarded with?
Why don’t they scrape/clean the ice with a zamboni after the 3rd period during the playoffs?
Leroy Sané goal vs Liverpool rebounded off Milner so was offside the correct decision?
Longest time between goals in NHL playoffs
What happens if a bird or some other animals takes the baseball?
Run out issue while getting run
Are there any other instances of a coach's challenge backfiring?
Why was junior Italian player Viviani disqualified for accidentally hitting a ballboy?
What would I have to track during each point to get detailed tennis match statistics
Are multiple gears allowed on track cycling bicycles?
Who is awarded the goal?
Why do centres take face offs in hockey?
Why do baseball managers argue with umpires in situations where they know it won't help?
Is blocking a soft hit considered a block?
What percentage of NBA games had at least 2 guards from the same team post at least 10 rebounds each?
What are the most significant confirmed instances of match-rigging in football?
What are the biggest wins in the Champions League knock-out stages?
Why isn't a foul on the red at least 8 points in Snooker, when playing on a colour?
Why is fighting tolerated in ice hockey?
Most distinct goal scorers in a team to start the NHL playoffs
Genuinity of replays
Can a baseball runner lead off of first in a direct line to the pitcher?
Worst shot differentials for a winning NHL team in the playoffs
Is a batsman out bowled if they kick the ball onto the wicket?
Why is music played during NBA games?
Team scoring more total points but lost the series
Can a batsman use a reverse grip?
Winning a playoff game without ever leading in regulation in the NBA
How many times the top 2 teams in the NHL have met in the playoffs?
Has a pro golfer ever worn a sports logo during a televised tournament?
Can ICC donate any type funds to infected or injured players?
Who holds the Modern Era record for most hits in a nine inning Major League Baseball game?
What do NBA owners Do?
Is there any reason why you get 4 points for a win and 2 for a draw in AFL
How does an athlete qualify to participate in Diamond League?
In what percentage of test matches did the team lose when enforcing a follow-on?
what is the criteria to chose the squad of PSL teams and how this is different from IPL
Does a pitcher get credited with a loss after a no-hitter with an unearned run?
Playing after buzzer beater with almost no time left
Has winning by exactly an innings ever happened in cricket?
Why is cricket not played at the Olympics?
Foul in soccer chasing a free ball
Does a shot hitting the woodwork count as a "shot on target" in football?
Recovering previous NBA headshot photos
Can a batsman use back side of his bat to play a shot in cricket?
Can a bowler change hands for different deliveries in the same over?
Record of consecutive sets won
Is there any foreign players represented Ireland in county series
How many times in the NBA history was the Coach of the year fired?
Fastest power play goal in the history of the NHL
What happens when 2 balls partially fall into a pocket and then get stuck?
How many 147 were made in a decider frame
Why can't a cricket match be played on other day in case of rain?
Why most Indian batsmen don't play sweep in cricket?
Is there an objective reason for Scandinavian ice hockey ranking?
Is a fielder allowed to change position during the bowler's run up?
What's the average weight of a professional's Cue stick?
Why had Jackie Robinson chosen number 42?
Is it offside if a striker receives the ball behind all defenders and goalkeeper of the opponent?
Why did NBA coach of the year Dwane Casey get fired?
What constitutes a legal safety shot in 8-ball pool?
North American expansion team reaching Championship final in inaugural year
Why do NBA stars keep playing in playoff blowouts?
How do I pick the right football size for my children?
Forward tees for men/women
Can you ever touch the ball with two hands between bounces while dribbling?
NBA 7 game playoff series where every game was won by the home team?
Are men allowed to compete in underwear or only shorts in Olympics marathon?
In badminton, which part of the shuttle determines ‘in’ or ‘out’?
Where do folds come from on a surfboard and are they bad?
Specific songs for sporting events
Are blisters first time wearing soccer cleats normal, or does it mean bad shoes?
How many times both conference finals series made it to game 7 in NBA history?
Most consecutive NBA finals appearances by a player
How many players in the 2018 Stanley Cup finals have won a finals game before?
In beach volleyball what happens when a player hits the ball from under the net?
How to handle a short ball which has dropped below the level of the net
Quickest goal scored in each World Cup edition
Best scoring performances in an NBA finals loss
How are ends chosen to start a new set following a tie-break?
How are doubles tennis players matched?
What is the use of the panels in F1?
When was the last 'Clean' race?
Responsibility of the batsman to be ready for the bowler
With the blue flag rules, how are you meant to unlap yourself?
shortest odds in a top-class horse race
Most 5 set matches won in a row
What is the record for most consecutive shots made to start NBA finals?
Is it legal to ice your own kicker?
How many times has a player scored a try on debut?
How are UFC scores awarded?
Where do fractional points in UCI ranking come from?
Why isn't a Formula One track dusted off before a Grand Prix?
What will be the playing position of Thomas Muller? Will he play as CF?
When can a bowler start his run up?
Size of basketball used by 7th/8th grade boys per state
What's the difference between the two skateboarding categories in the Summer Olympics?
Impeding an opponent with contact : IFK or DFK ? (association football)
My ping-pong paddle's rubber broke. How can I prevent this?
Does a batter lose RBI credit for a runner's missed base?"
Use of Video Assistant Review (VAR) in FIFA World Cup 2018
Are there any languages where people use a different word for goal?
How to identify the teams playing a particular football match?
How high does a baseball travel in a major league pop-up?
NBA mandatory timeout rules
Why aren't oldschool skateboard tricks seen much today with modern skateboards?
When and why did rugby union change the number of reserves?
Teams in the same group in consecutive World Cups
Why goalkeepers usually don't guard at the near post during free kicks?
How long was the longest given extra time in a half in football?
Why are Wawrinka and Murray allowed to play in Queen's without wildcard?
When were dugout railings added in MLB?
Why aren't Russian World Cup venues spread proportionately?
Why do countries start to build stadiums after getting elected to host FIFA World Cup?
What is the difference between an arena and a stadium?
What is the walk out song World Cup 2018?
Why try in a match after your team is guaranteed to pass the group stage
Can a player decline advantage after a foul?
What if goal happens whilst a penalty VAR review is in process?
What does this three-number notation mean in football?
Fifa World Cup 2018 Group F Qualification Scenarios
Are there official rules and formats for small side soccer football without goalkeeper?
How does the Western States 100 choose the qualifying time for 100Ks?
Probabilities of winning as a function of sets played
Why do MLB games start at incremental times; e.g. 7:05, 6:10, etc?
What makes a defensive foul in basketball
What is the upside in allowing players to argue with referees in football?
Why is Croatia so strong in 2018 FIFA WC?
Can a football team force its defeat, e.g. via own goals?
Why FIFA didn't prevent the potential cheating that may arise when the lasts of group matches are not played simultaneously?
Can a car that retired join back the race?
What are the lowest points scored by the top 2 seeds of a World Cup team in the group stage?
Why did Japan stop to play just before the game ends on a match vs Poland?
Tennis movement while opponent is serving?
In which match did Djokovic successfully challenge a call but give away the point?
Youngest goal keepers in the World Cup
Why data-driven approach to soccer is slow to catch on?
Why did Manuel Neuer leave the goal post and come to the midfield position in group qualifiers?
How can a completed match become a walkover?
In football, what happens when a team commits an offence for which play need not be stopped, and then scores a goal immediately after?
South Korea defeated Germany who defeated Sweden who defeated Mexico who defeated South Korea
FIFA World Cup 2018: Is the group stage goal ratio lowest?
Taking two steps and shooting the ball after being passed the ball without dribbling, is this condered a travel?
Earliest the previous World Cup finalists have been eliminated
Rating system for many-to-many competitions
Why is a penalty not given if a goal comes right after the foul?
Why is the FIFA overtime period divided into two halves?
Consequences outside the game for grievous fouls in football?
Why do multiple offensive players stand near the ball during a free kick?
Is it a foul to pause during a run-for-shot in penalty shootout?
Longest uninterrupted session in a single football game
Why do footballers (and coaches) cover their mouth when speaking to each other?
In which tournament did Sergio Garcia spit into the hole?
Why do many tennis players crouch-then-uncrouch before receiving a serve?
Queueing at Wimbledon for a Grounds Pass: When Can I Expect to Get In?
Hasn't Kasper Schmeichel broke the rules when saving Modrić's penalty during the World Cup 2018, Round of 16 match between Croatia and Denmark?
Is it legal to use a trick involving another player to pass the ball to the keeper without kicking it?
Tampering with players
Penalty Shot out
Under what circumstances the half race passing time in a marathon qualifies for a half marathon competition?
Is potting 1 ball in a turn a break in snooker?
Has a team ever had five all-stars from the previous season on its roster?
Can a player have more than one walk-up song at a time?
What does the ITF rulebook consider to be "the service motion"?
What is the meaning of the word true in the phrase 'The three true outcomes in baseball'
Why do NBA players avoid touching the ball after a made basket?
All European World Cup semifinal
What's the protocol when an opponent is injured and your team has posession?
Are the way that substitutions are utilised in soccer optimal?
Can you block and hit the ball over the net in volleyball?
Is it a double hit in volleyball to play the ball rebounding from the net?
World cup winner as manager and captain
Most extra time games played in a World Cup
Why is the Croatian football team so successful despite having a population of only 4 million people?
Parc Ferme Rules
Players who have won Champions League / Copa Libertadores and World Cup in the same year
Can you use an opponent for leverage in basketball?
Has any FIFA World Cup winner ever had all their knockout stage matches won in extra time/penalties?
Is it a good play for a runner on third coming home when a hitter hit a ground ball to second base?
Base running after being awarded two bases
Tossing the ball
Why were MLS-style tiebreakers discontinued?
Why were the Football Euro championships such small tournaments decades ago?
What if the semi-finals are not completed before the scheduled start of the final?
How are stoppage time goals deduplicated from regulation time goals?
Lowest percentage of non penalty goals scored by World Cup golden boot winners
Correcting a tennis serve with too much rotational motion
Changing sides in tennis
Does VAR allow referees to ignore unintentional fouls?
Players to score a goal and an own goal in a single World Cup game
Lowest ball possession in the final match of the World Cup
What prevents a player/team from agreeing to a long-term contract after the franchise tag deadline?
Does the run count on a force out if it's the second out of the play AND the first is a non-forced tag out?
Most number of game 7s played in a single playoffs
Why would a team trade for then waive a player?
Can a back row player joust at the net without jumping?
Which club started the tradition of ball juggling during the presentation of newly signed player?
Proper grip of blade for shakehand
Why are the practice sessions called "free" in Formula 1?
Why does football still use the offside rule?
Is "What happens on the pitch stays on the pitch" appropriate sporting behavior?
Highest Formula One WDC ranking without a podium finish?
What is the definition for second chance points in the NBA?
What happens if fielder catches ball at fence but drops ball over fence?
Why have "less than 250 feet" in rule 5.05(a)(5) if rule 2.01 renders its chance of occurrence to zero?
What yard shows on scoreboard if the ball is between yard lines?
Can a traded player play for two teams in one week?
How much is the cost for a team to be registered in the CONCACAF Champions League?
Cricket bat crack effect
Is there a fixed duration for celebration in football
How many players a club can sell during a single transfer period?
Can a player shout falsely the remaining time of the shooting clock?
Why was the 1-1-8 formation popular in 19th Century football?
Does one have to hit a cushion during a break in snooker?
Why do swimmers wear headphones?
How to choose a golf club for beginners with at least cost?
Should Jorgensen have been sent off for his DOGSO foul in Croatia-Denmark (2018 FIFA World Cup)?
UFC champions with Olympics medals
When and where will all fixtures for the Bundesliga 3 be available for 2018/2019 season
What does "Final MON" mean in MLB Sunday games results?
Who comes out of the penalty box after goal?
Which FIFA World Cup qualifiers have never faced each other in the final round of any FIFA World Cup tournament?
Has a golf hole ever gone an entire round in a full-field event without any score worse than par?
Can you choose to play a fault serve in racquetball?
Has a player ever obtained a 147 via two breaks?
When attempting a side or top curve spin in snooker do you need to adjust the aim of the shot?
Is the convention for reporting football results universal?
Why do players walk off in snooker without any outward display of emotions or celebration?
Is chalking a snooker/pool stick a recent habit?
If the legal 7th delivery is a no ball then will there be a free hit?
Can an athlete with double nationality beat two country records at the same time?
Why do coaches reveal the actual formation of their squad in association football?
How much is Cristiano Ronaldo Salary at Juventus
What is the best basketball ball material to use in concrete/cement court?
What is the minimum age of a coach in a football leagues like premiership, La Liga and Seria A
Odd scenario at first base through poor baserunning
What will be the Davis Cup format from 2019?
Difference in boxing between PTS and UD
Why do few teams use "hybrid" starters other than the Tampa Bay Rays?
Can a force play come back into effect if a runner reaches the required base but then retreats?
Can a linebacker make contact with a receiver before a pass is thrown to him?
Where do I find the most updated NBA rulebook?
Why do some events have two bronze medals?
What do people with red flags signify?
Why did Force India get docked all constructors points?
Is is feasible to walk/run an average of 90,000 steps a day?
Name of a "gym object"
If a goalkeeper is substituted during kicks from the penalty mark, can they later be substituted on again?
What happens if a team returns a blocked extra point a long way, but not all the way to the end zone?
Returning a blocked extra point for a score: who kicks off to whom?
Do goalkeepers return faster than field players from injury in football?
Why was Messi not on the UEFA shortlist for best player?
Resource for pulling NBA On/Off Stats for a single game?
Multiple yellow cards at a single free kick for encroachment
Why did/do F1 racing teams wear face masks?
What is the name of this kind of pass, done with the outside of the foot?
Is quick corner kick permitted in association football?
How does the FIA keep track of the teams' power unit allocations?
(un)restricted free agency in NHL
Why are artificial chicanes placed at the run off for long straights?
All-winners semifinals in tennis
How many times has Alistair Cook been England's top scorer?
How much does a dropped NFL player earn while with a team during the pre-season
Mississippi St. QB Fumble
Tennis coaches can't coach during a match?
How to do a behind the back crossover properly?
Del Potro is ahead of Federer in the Race to London, but Federer is the one having qualified
How to find a climbing partner?
Can code violations be overturned?
What is the first billiards game ever rules?
Who is the "winner" of each leg of a two-legged football match, or a match that goes to penalties?
Is it a reception if a receiver hops twice on one foot?
How many coaches have won test rugby against New Zealand in New Zealand?
Man of the series dropped from the team
Center Hikes Ball- Football
What should a badminton line judge call if the shuttle hits the player?
What's the biggest points deficit turnaround in IndyCar?
Can several games start at the same time in one tournament?
Who makes a decision to intentionally walk a batter?
When did jerseys get dots on them?
When did the TOUR Championship stop finishing on a par-3?
Who calls tennis serves in or out when no referee is present?
Why does the game stop after the kicking team catches a punt?
What are some tips for green-reading?
From high school to college to professional sports, why do the same teams seem to consistently win and lose year after year, decade after decade?
Brutal accident against goalkeeper (Andrada vs Dedé) must he have been sent off (as he was)
Has anyone been "guaranteed" a Super Bowl ring because they played for both teams during the season?
What do referees say to footballers after they score?
When was the last time the Lions and Browns both won on the same weekend?
In tennis, what is the percentage of broken service games?
Ball goes out of bounds inside box
Would you have called this a penalty?
Why aren't women allowed in training camp?
Why are Indian news TV channels not showing coverage of cricket matches?
Why did the Philadelphia Flyers make Gritty their mascot?
How is spike speed measured in volleyball?
Is a running back allowed to toss the football out of bounds to stop the clock?
Why has soccer become so famous worldwide?
Table Tennis - Time limit to serve
Out stumped on a free hit
When do you switch ends of the court in tennis?
Sinking my last ball with a back shot where cue ball bounces back to to pot the black ball
Why does a basketball ref raise the second arm when a 3-pt shot falls?
When was the last time the Bills, Lions, Browns, & Jets won on the same day?
Biggest opening game wins by Stanley Cup defending Champions
Most overtime games for a team during a season
Celebrate title after red card
Design a tournament that avoids byes
Footballers with most free kicks scored
Which female football players have highest goal per game ratio for national team?
A basketball team fields 6 players and scores 4 points before the extra player is noticed. What should the officials do
Table tennis change of hand
What is the cause for MLB regular season strikeouts to be more than hits?
Relationship between Winning Margin and Point Spread in NBA Betting
MLB rule on subs for injuries after you used the entire roster
Women's versus Men's pay in majors
Nfl overtime rules
Why there are too few black goalkeepers in high-level football?
What is a "scoring position" in baseball?
Offside or not?
Greatest number of own goals in Europe
MLB record for consecutive years with an identical batting average (single player)
What are the fundamentals of a serving toss in tennis?
Can an off spinner bowl a googly?
Is it an offside in this case?
Can I bounce the ball off defender to resume my dribble?
Inbound basketball passed outside the court, then dribbled in
Has anyone ever taken pole position without setting any fastest sector times?
When do team managers submit the batter lineup to the umpire?
Who are the youngest ever bowlers to 50, 100 and 150 test wicket?
Cricket DLS method
No penalty for hitting catcher in the head with a bat?
Any penalty for playing dirty in baseball?
USA hockey rule - Cross Checking
Can I bounce the ball after it is rolling in Basketball?
Red carded player
Rolex Paris Masters 2018: Federer haven't decided
Would tipped pass be a 2 or 3 pointer?
Rugby league vs Rugby Union
Getting trapped, and passing to self off of your opponent's backboard/rim?
Additional basketball qualification tournaments for 2020 Olympics
Where do I look for Articles on 1941-1942 FC Barcelona season
hockey puck directed on goal by the offensive player
Who Bowled the Fastest Ball in Cricket till now?
Can a quarterback pass the football even if he is running forward and gaining yards?
Which test player had 99.9 average in his test career?
Which players have played against one team three times during one regular season?
Possession in Basketball
Where can I get data for individual player statistics in European football?
Does the wide call moves with the batsman?
Can the pitcher run to first base
In basketball, what does 'two for fifteen' mean?
Who took the most wickets in 1 over in cricket?
Which ODI player has average of 99.8?
Meaning of sticky pitch
Can a batsman hit a six on dead ball?
Splashing water in football
Does a sack count as a Tackle For Loss, and/or a Tackle?
Please explain "they'll initiate out of a down screen"
What is the longest time a football team has gone without being behind?
How to clean and frame an autographed jersey?
How would a player waived by two teams in the same season get paid?
Will this be given as out or not?
NBA Free Agency vs. Draft for foreign players
DRL out/not out decisions
Player with 350 or more goals in domestic league
How does a rookie in the NFL Negotiate Contract
Dress code at tennis tournaments on clay
Why do Wrestlers not step on their opponents backs, when running the ropes?
Bowler improving his pace significantly after coming to international cricket?
How to bowl a "Doosra" in the game of cricket?
What is the maximum retirement age of cricket player?
why aren't we finding more off spinners who can bowl a doosra as well
Is this first time a cricket team lost the match despite scoring more?
difference between carrom ball and doosra
The removal of bails or lightning of stumps(run out)
What happens when OJ Mayo's two-year NBA ban expires?
How to improve being out of breath early when doing freestyle swimming?
Has anybody except Shahid Afridi hit 12 runs off one ball in cricket?
In NHL hockey games decided in regulation time, in which period are the most winning goals scored?
8 ball pools, foul rules when only 8 ball is on the table?
Were the super-hard tyres ever actually used?
In Statistics, Does a Missed Shot While Being Fouled Still Count as a Missed Shot?
Team start with an old ball after enforcing follow on within 30 overs in Cricket
Is there any difference between the size of a cricket ball for men and women in cricket? if yes then Why?
Drift of a spinner in cricket?
Driver with the longest time between F1 race starts
ball hitting the glove of batsman but glove is not in contact with the bat. is it out?
Goalie drills for beginning goalies
what is trigger movement of a batsman in cricket?
Lowest championship finishing position for a defending champion
The weather is cloud fast bowler is very dangerous. what is the reasons?
The last over bowler one and two ball is slow and batsman mostly deceive. what is reasons?
How does the RB know when to grasp the ball on a read option and when the QB is selling the fake?
Cleaning up tennis ball as simple as possible
In kabbadi, why did the referee give a card to the coach?
Can a player re-spot a color ball even if the referee intends to do so?
Why do only the NBA teams that are already up start pressing at the end of the game?
Does spinning from a different side from your jumps affects your skating?
Can I return a squash serve on the volley?
How many NHL natural hat tricks in a single period have been scored?
What's the purpose of Division Standings in NBA?
What are the fundamentals of a tennis forehand?
Two yellow cards before one is shown
Why don't Women play 5 sets in tennis?
Committing fouls during celebration time
What is the distinction between a play that counts after the whistle is blown and doesn't count in the National Football League?
Fencing Tactic for Pulling an Opponent's Blade Out of Line
How can a Judo fight be won?
Has any player ever won Super Bowl MVP, Pro Bowl MVP, and MVP in the same season?
Why wouldn't the #1 ranked boxer be able to fight and claim a relinquished champion title?
Are goaltends called on a shooting foul?
Can a fielder get a run-out by removing bails or stumps with their upper arm or shoulder?
How are third place teams from the UCL group stage incorporated in the round of 32 for the UEFA Europa League?
Round of 16 champions league
How long is the second Australia v India (2nd test) expected to take?
How to get target score for match in group of 3 to qualify for next round?
Greatest percentage of breakaway goals scored: location of goal
what workout should I do to have a high vertical jump?
How many Africans have won the UEFA Championship League?
Out of PAT range
Do drafts work?
What NBA players have won both Defensive Player of the Year and Most Valuable Player?
In the NFL, how have teams fared against odds from Las Vegas?
What is the name of this table tennis equipment?
Why not open up the table when it is snooker-friendly?
Is the appointment of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as Man Utd caretaker is the first case of "borrow" a manager in football history?
Why is the plane of the goal line not applied on punts?
Reviewing a penalty in the NFL
What is the specification for the Kicking out of bounds rule?
offside interpretation in soccer. Deflection of a back pass by a forward that hits defender and deflects instead forward
Can you call a coaches challenge when you do not have a timeout?
What prevents players from nursing the balls in snooker?
If a DFA'd player has two offers and rejects the higher one, will his original team be responsible for the difference between them?
Tennis men's or women's singles - most matches played to win a single tournament
If a ball carrier falls to the ground, how many seconds will the umps allow the clock to run?
What is the maximum number of overs that can be bowled with one ball in Test cricket?
Signing NFL player during playoffs
Why is the ball moved back during a field goal attempt?
Are you down if your head touches a defender who is laying on the ground?
What is the difference between a offside and a neutral zone infraction in the NFL?
Has a field goal or extra point attempt ever hit both uprights and the crossbar?
Timeout in play ball
Why can't player's nudge balls indefinitely in snooker?
Why do quarterbacks lick their hands even when sitting on the sidelines?
What counts as "onside" when a ball is kicked from the in-goal area?
When is the ball on the correct side in double table tennis serve?
What is the call when a runner misses 2nd base on a 1st to 3rd and a dead ball call?
Can an opposing player take the ball from the goalie, inside the goalie's area, when the goalie has placed it on the ground to kick it
Touching ball scenario in 8-ball
Baseball Autographs
Fair or Foul Ruling?
Purposely hitting the black ball away from the pocket when not on the black
Do the official USAV rules for mixed volleyball require all rotations to be same gender?
What happens when my opponent sinks the black ball by hand?
Why do snooker breaks show more ball activity than decades ago?
How are schedules determined in the NFL?
Another crossbar in american football
Future NBA Hall of Famers
Why is Arabic an official langauage of the “Asian Football Confederation”
Is there a standard (advanced?) stat in basketball for measuring player "consistency"?
Changing a call on a pocket for an 8 ball
What happens if a player who has been cautioned during the match gets a second yellow card while kicks from the penalty mark are being taken?
What is a field goal in basketball?
NFL #1 offense getting shut out in a half in the postseason
How does a Formula 1 team determine the first car/driver?
NFL Pro Bowl 2019
Can a batsman be caught from their elbow?
What is the minimum information you would expect on a basketball scoreboard?
When does the second half of an NBA game start?
Ball hitting the helmet behind the keeper
What are the top 5 lowest scoring super bowls?
Can any hockey skate be baked?
NBA Wingspan-To-Height Ratio
Cue ball behind head string in pocket billiards
Is it offside if the ball is passed by an opponent?
Can I wear a hat while training or playing a soccer match?
NBA traveling - conflicting rules
Is it out if the batsman loses his bat on reaching crease and a run-out is effected at the same moment?
Was Tendulkar's infamous "shoulder before wicket" the right decision?
League Positions in Gaelic Football
What rules govern touchdowns/touchbacks if there is a fumble involved?
Attacking the raider?
Why don't weak/medium teams pass ball among themselves in the defense against strong teams rather than losing ball in a buildup to attack
How many catastrophic shoe failures occur in college basketball?
Tennis tiebreak in doubles
Why don't professional squash players give hard serves?
Do MMA judges score all rounds at the end of the contest, or do they score each round at the end of each round?
Which runner is out?
Can a trainer force a player to be substituted?
What portion of tension reduction in a racket happens through play?
In UEFA competitions, could a team forfeit a game and still qualify?
What are scrubbed tyres?
Forced Out at Third Base
Defensive goals and assists
Is there an official list of abbreviations for ballroom dances?
Besided speed skating, were there more world championships that did not gave a world champion?
Meaning of '4:1 (3:0)' as score in football (World Cup match)
What does it mean to retire as a member of an NFL team?
Table tennis rubber not showing brand or model
Is every puck used in a game given to a player?
What is the legal bat size in international cricket?
Referee stopped match mid-game and lost control, what happens?
Buzzer between free-throws
When is the ball out in football?
In Pool... the only 2 balls remains what will happen if
Champions League qualification from Premier League
Who determines the teams shirt colors, and based on what?
After a score, does other team have to touch behind the baseline in basketball?
Can you jump off the wall in volleyball?
Can a keeper pick up the ball after receiving the ball with his feet?
Why does a tennis ball have a curvilinear oval that goes around it?
What is this trumpet sound that is heard during sports events?
Are 10+ year contracts discouraged or prohibited in the NFL?
Are 10+ year contracts discouraged or prohibited in the NBA?
Is the success of some racial groups in some sports physiological or cultural?
Was Larry Bird the first basketball player to wipe his sneakers during games?
Why leg spin bowler is more expensive then off spin?
Is an absent batsman out?
Football yellow cards and red cards
Penalty for interfering with the path of the cue ball?
Has a Sweet Sixteen ever had all 4 top seeds in each region?
How can Real Madrid poach players from its near-peers?
What team has shortest "longest losing streak" within a season in NBA history?
What does "weight" mean in the context of putting?
Why are there so many motorsport/race series?
Can any cricket player play for any other team without nationality of this country?
Relative safety level of boys lacrosse
Force out rules
How does Formula E measure remaining battery energy?
Has anyone hit the wrong color ball in an important snooker match?
what determines a stolen base against the catcher?
Where are sports events announced in the US?
Does the actual difficulty of the route in bouldering depend on my physical characteristics?
Why would an offense not put anyone on the free throw lane?
is this situation ruled a base hit in softball?
If a bowler's front foot is on the line and no part of the foot is behind the line, is it a fair delivery?
Is there a name for the combined stats of Balls, Strikes, and Outs, as seen on many displays in baseball?
Can the body be trained to perform best at unusual times of day?
Why do NHL referees relax their penalty calls in the playoffs?
Which MLB team had the shortest "longest winning streak" in a pennant-winning season?
Why not use a snooker cue on a standard pool table?
Is it still a force-out if baserunner made it?
Delayed Penalty with a Player Already in Penalty Box
Which NBA team had the shortest "longest winning streak" in a championship-winning season?
What is the difference between a Body Check and Woman's Body Check?
What was the worst result for a president's trophy winner in the playoffs?
If 2 penalties are called on the same play, and a goal is scored in the following 3v5; who comes out of the box?
How much does an NHL power play improve chances of scoring?
Serving over the sideline
How many times has an NHL player scored in every game of a playoff series?
Is there a database of soccer match stats which include VAR calls?
How does the VAR decide which camera to use?
Beamer No ball Rules
What NHL shift has scored the most goals?
What is the record for the most wins by a single team against a single team in an NBA season?
MLB rules for blown save and win by same pitcher
Fair Play award and team performances in IPL
What was a "try" in ancient football?
Test cricketer hitting the winning run most often
If a forced runner is tagged for the 3rd out, do any runs count?
How did the NBA decide on 23.75 feet for the 3-point distance?
Most Winning Runs in ICC T20 Cricket History
why would a batter awarded a base on balls refuse to advance to first base?
Lowest break achieved in snooker
Double play sac fly. Does the run count?
Is traveling/carrying no longer called for dribbling players?
How is "On the Field" intended to be used?
Can you be offside from a goal kick?
How can I verify the authenticity of my sports collectibles?
Throw-in directly into the goal
What happens after the penalty if a player is snookered behind a free ball?
Does any other professional sport apart from tennis give equal prize money to Men & Women?
What is flicker ball in cricket?
How many times NHL all top seeds have been eliminated in the first round?
How was amateur James Cahill able to qualify for the snooker world championships?
Why do table tennis players inspect each other's rackets?
Youth soccer - Is it unsportsmanlike for the winning team to pull their goalie because he is bored?
Does the person breaking get the choice of solids or stripes if he makes any ball in?
Potting the 8 ball & a stripes or solid ball on a break
how to play the cushion shot in snooker
Is my tennis racket damaged?
Is there anything preventing all the players on soccer team from standing in the goal box for defense?
Waivers and loans in NHL
Most yellow flags in Indy 500
Is it still acceptable for fans to run onto the field after winning the NBA Championship?
Which quarterback has had the lowest "highest amount of interceptions thrown" during a given regular season?
Table Tennis free hand on table
Highest point for second placed team in Premier League
What is the best view to decide a run out?
Is carrying a player into touch a legal tackle?
Can you goaltend a shot that won't count?
Does the MLB website contain win-loss stats? If so, how can I examine win-loss stats on the MLB website?
Which watches are given as gifts to ice hockey players in the world cup?
Before each session in the Ryder Cup, is either captain aware of the opposing team's lineup for that session?
If an English qualified team is banned from the champions league, who takes over the vacant spot?
Can an out be considered a force out if it was called for an illegal (diving) slide and the runner was forced to reach the base?
Finland goal song at IIHF WM 2019
Run out in cricket
Has a horse ever crossed the finish line first without a jockey?
Can the goalkeeper release the ball at their own goal, then save it from going in?
How to handle missed workouts before a race?
In a ranking system, what value is conventional for scores/set/points quotient when the divisor is 0?
Can an umpire overturn a call in little league?
Are tennis rackets checked by officials before matches?
Getting hit twice while digging a spike
Can the home team win an extra-inning baseball game by more than 1 run?
What is the point of using the gloves that leave the knuckles exposed that the Florida State Boxing Commission is imposing for bare-knuckle boxing?
Putting out on every hole in a bogey competition
When did the NFL move the stanchion out of the end zone?
Where does a player's runs scored under his country's A team goes to?
Is there Intergender wrestling at the college level?
Has an MLB player ever won an MVP award without going to that year's All-Star game?
Why does the MLB not have awards such as MVP and Cy Young for both AL and NL together?
If Arsenal wins the 2019 UEFA Europa League final, which teams will represent England in the Champions League next year?
Pinch hitter for pitcher
In football, do player wear the same jerseys that are sold to spectators?
In football, how should the referee deal with possible offside situations involving attacking/defending players off the field of play?
How do I memorize hand signals faster being called out as a play during football?
What is the difference between a runner, a floater, and a tear drop?
NCAA womens softball foul ball rule
Foul or fair softball
Uncommon Play : Does the run count
Outdoor Volleyball: Is overhand contact with fingers on a serve legal?
What should the referee do when a team doesn't want to play a large amount of added time?
What happens to a ball if it is snatched by a bird?
A forfeited game in baseball
does the run count
How many potential different endings are there for a football match?
Why do so few U.S. colleges and universities (and high schools) have volleyball for men?
Why don't athletes who don't want their autographs resold draw a shape to designate it's not for resale?
Does a maiden over require all 6 balls to be bowled?
Fielders catching foul balls in the air not coming down on field
Why do some high level wrestlers not use their wrestling to 100% in mma?
In football, a player is to be cautioned if he 'shows a lack of respect for the game': what does this mean?
Little League Baseball Question
How are matches decided in Laver cup?
Is all run four adds to the tally of number of 4s of a batsman in cricket?
Group Stage Qualification Conundrum
Run out on last ball of a over in cricket match
Why are referees suddenly caring so much whether or no goalkeeper have a feet on the line during a penalty kick?
In the NBA, why do teams spend all their money available?
In Rugby, is it permitted to try to "save" a penalty? (Or conversion)
What's going on in a Rugby Union "choke tackle"?
Ground Rule Double?
Use of VAR when taking corner kicks
Can runners advance?
In cricket, when a bowler is around the wicket, why does the batter not simply adjust their stance to counter the angle?
Bouldering “zone”
Grass tennis compared to hard court
In F1 classification, what is ON?
Is the 4-minute mile still the "highest" standard?
American 8 Ball Pool - Sinking opponent's ball
Cricket and no ball and a shot played by batsman while running
Runner on third base catches a soft line drive
Wanna watch basketball competitions
NBA defensive player of the year NOT an NBA all-defensive team?
UFC rules on passive fighting
Why did the Indian team change their jersey colour in the middle of World Cup 2019?
What would happen in Formula 1 if a stateless person wins a Grand Prix?
Why was D'Angelo Russell underpaid during this free agency?
Is it possible for a tennis match to last forever?
How Pakistan will qualify for semi finals in world cup 2019?
What are the rules for soccer/football goalies committing penalties inside the box?
Tag up scoring rules?
If a runner reaches second on an error and then scores the next play, does that count as an earned run against the pitcher?
If a batsman is retiries hurt then who will face the next ball?
Where does the NBA league revenue come from?
Cricket world cup 2019 - Qualifying Semi Final
What is the record of a tennis consecutive games won?
Is this match in 2019 Taça de Macau is the most goals scored by a losing team?
Are there any sports for which the world's best player is female?
Who gets the yellow trikot at a time draw - Tour de France
How to understand this new phase format table in cricket world cup 2019?
Why New Zealand vs India continued for second day instead of starting from fresh?
Both out from one delivery?
Does a tennis player lose point if he hits opponent with racquet due to follow through over the net?
When a batter reaches second safely after a rundown, does the batter get credited with a single or a double?
Is the term "golden point" used much in badminton?
Is Djokovic - Federer 2019 the first Wimbledon match to have a tiebreak in the final set?
Five red lights in F1 - When were they introduced and do they bring any advantage?
In the 2019 Cricket World Cup final, should Guptill's overthrow have resulted in 5 or 6 runs?
How to start (for first time) playing cricket for another country's team?
Hit by pitch or strike?
Multiple hits in an inning by a pitcher
Can the same person play all matches in the Fed Cup?
Would a “switch hitting” golfer have an advantage in pga?
Are there other national leagues with other country teams?
When a player calls against themselves, can the umpire overrule them?
Stumping in cricket
Can a batsmen ask umpire to check whether the fielder touches the rope
Blocking beyond the net on a "missed" attack hit
Mercedes Supplies Engines for Other teams also. Why are they not competitive?
Best Chassis in F1 cars
Why are the Cowboys known as "America's team"?
Why did the Spanish Courts 'remove' so many Spanish cyclists from the Operation Puerto investigation?
Taking the ball after scoring penalty
Abbreviations on tennis tournaments
Can a goalkeeper chip the ball to the head of a teammate from a goal kick to circumvent the backpass restriction?
What is the maximum number of red cards a club has received in a single game?
Why are combined no hitters so rare?
Which country win the cricket World Cup Finals having lowest ODI ranking when facing the final match?
Champions League team distribution
NFL Overtime Rules - why are they like this?
Why was Andy Murray allowed to play doubles in Washington without a wildcard or PR?
MLB- biggest comeback to make playoffs
Does calling 30-30 "deuce" in tennis affect the game scoring?
NBA - Why can recently signed players not be traded but sign-and-trades are allowed?
How do you log in basketball stats a desperate shot attempt at shot clock buzzer?
Is it ok to stop my serve when I've already started my racquet forward?
What will happen when fielder's body hits the wicket while doing the run out?
How often does the IFSC actually hold a world championship?
Why is special case of handball above the shoulder allowed under the revised IFAB rules (2019/2020)?
Why was the 1977 Ashes season hosted in England?
Defensive strategy for U14 football
12th Man in 2019 Ashes
How does the the pitcher get the win?
Can this July 1958 NYC baseball game be identified?
Is there any point in training medium-fast running for football?
At which height from the ground(court) the net should be kept b/w the poles in badminton?
For how many points in a game volleyball is played?
What limits are there for an NFL teams reserves list?
Does Nippon Badminton Association forbid players from swapping shirts?
Anyone know who’s autograph this is?
Which kind of out did Contreras get at bottom 2nd in the game of Dodgers vs. Cubs at April 25, 2019?
To whom belong this baseball signature?
How heavy should my dumbbells be
Two bowlers share an over - credit for Maiden?
Why does the fielding team tend to toss the ball around randomly between deliveries?
How do you think the future of CR 7 and Juventus?
Can you be run out if the bails are already knocked off?
Double play in baseball
Baseball Home Run Flyout
Why is ERA multiplied by 9?
Is a hard slap to the basketball a foul?
Who actually holds a speed record: the driver or the vehicle?
Ball rebounds from wicketkeeper's pads or body, can the batsman play it?
Scoring on a Tag Out
