Suggestions for improving the fit of probability density
Off-diagonal range for guaranteed positive definiteness?
Does there exist a model fit statistic (like AIC or BIC) that can be used for absolute instead of just relative comparisons?
How to run and plot simulation in R of sum of 20 random variables?
How to define a distribution such that draws from it correlate with a draw from another pre-specified distribution?
Analyzing (hierarchical?) clustered pair-matched binary data
Is there a R function to estimate the law of a sample?
Is there a way to continue a R/JAGS MCMC chain that did not converge?
Information gain, mutual information and related measures
How do I test whether an extrapolated mean for a regression model differs from an observed mean?
Best way to compare software usage data over time across independent conditions?
Calculating the 95th percentile: Comparing normal distribution, R Quantile, and Excel approaches
Determining a variable's contribution to the variation in another
Maximizing/minimizing product of output and response
Clustering with asymmetrical distance measures
Do non-significant correlates of a DV, which is significant, suggest anything about the effect of that DV?
What are the primary differences between z-scores and t-scores, and are they both considered standard scores?
Getting started with dynamic neural networks
Fitting a line to a log-log plot
Is the maximum entropy distribution consistent with given marginal distributions the product distribution of the marginals?
Is there a "pure R" implementation for loess? (with no C code?)
Probability of total events occurring given that one or more events occur in specified number of months
Describing the difference between 2 types of variance
Repeated measures ANOVA in R and Bonferroni adjusted intervals
If $Z=X+Y$ ($X$ and $Y$ being random samples), what is the relationships between the respective order statistics?
Significance test for differences in baseline and remeasurement rates between two groups
How to find groupings (trajectories) among longitudinal data?
How to express an hypothesis that something has increased?
Recursive partitioning using rpart() method in R
Probability of drawing no red balls from 20 draws without replacement given finite sample
How should standard errors for mixed effects model estimates be calculated?
Ways to overcome small number of survey responses
How to analyze residuals of Poisson log-linear model?
Box-constrained optimization using optim() in R
How to deal with an error such as "Coefficients: 14 not defined because of singularities" in R?
Eigenvalue cleansing methods in R?
Species Richness, Dominance and Diversity Differences
Random Forests / adaboost in panel regression setting
How to calculate conditional & marginal probability for both the positive and negative hypotheses?
How to choose the number of splits in rpart()?
How to define the distribution of a convolution when there is some partial order statistic information?
How to test component failure in a general way?
Metric to compare models?
Summary of "Large p, Small n" results
Visualizing k-nearest neighbour?
What does this blur around the line mean in this graph?
Looking for a proper minimization tool
Intuition behind why Stein's paradox only applies in dimensions $\ge 3$
Analysing ratios of variables
What distribution would lead to this highly peaked and skewed density plot?
Random forest models and external validation
2D object recognition using MATLAB
At what value of mean and variance should I throw data away?
Testing "closeness of data"
Zero inflated models - "true zero" vs. "excess zero"
Fitting multivariate, natural cubic spline
How to model time-varying correlation
In which setting would you expect model found by LARS to differ most from the model found by exhaustive search?
How to convert abstract value into number in Stata?
How do I develop a metric for comparisons that involves a combination of variables at different scales?
When analyzing dyadic data, can unpaired cases be used in any part of the analysis?
Sampler method to choose in Monte Carlo Markov chain estimation
Making horizontal max-min-average chart in Excel
How can I calculate a probability from a likelihood, e.g. in the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm?
Reference for the sum and difference of highly correlated variables being almost uncorrelated
Assessing statistical significance of a rare binary event in time series
Dealing with multicollinearity
What is "reject inferencing" and how can it be used to increase the accuracy of a model?
Running an R script line-by-line
Why use Monte Carlo method instead of a simple grid?
Beta binomial Bayesian updating over many iterations
How to form a meaningful statistical indicator to reflect user interaction with a website
Present results from a multinomial model graphically
prcomp() vs lm() results in R
How to scale violin plots for comparisons?
The min draw from F(x), where the max is an order statistic of the max draws from different, yet overlapping distributions?
Understanding ridge regression results
Repeated measures, mixed model, ANOVA or...?
False discovery rate & q-values: how are q-values to be interpreted when rank of p-values is altered?
Is it possible to fit a data curve to another data curve?
Plotting interaction effect without significant main effects (not about code)
Inversions in hierarchical clustering
Calculate peak concurrent users on a website
Categorising continous data in logistic regression
Proxy variables versus instrumental variables
Analysing  relation between changes in two time series
When to use longitudinal (panel) weights vs cross-section weights in complex surveys
Identifying largest proportion in a set based on a common set of companies
How to dynamically calculate interval designations of data?
Generalization of basic probability question
On the "strength" of weak learners
Feature construction in R
What are some good references/advice for learning Emacs Speaks Statistics (with R)?
Can non-random samples be analyzed using standard statistical tests?
Mathematical reference for the convergence in distribution of the Gibbs sampler
How to handle irregular interval censoring in a Cox model in R or Stata
Something more "accurate" than linear regression?
How is the intercept computed in GLMnet? 
Relationship between number of replications and the standard deviation of entry means
Is it possible to do data analysis in Open Office Calc?
How to transfer a table into a chart?
How to sample from $c^a d^{a-1} / \Gamma(a)$?
How are sample sizes determined for interpretations that 'straddle the fence' between anova and correlation?
Is there a concept of "enough" data for training statistical models?
How to draw an ROC curve?
How to derive a k-means objective function in matrix form?
Software for drawing ROC curve
What intuitively is "bias"?
Predicting next character based on few previous -- how to combine predictions?
Good Internet resource for preparation for studying mathematical statistics
What does a confidence interval (vs. a credible interval) actually express?
Detrended line still has a trend
Text Classification in R
Are t tests of coefficients in multiple regression post hoc tests?
Detrending method for nonstationary data
How many samples account for all the variance?
How is it possible that this ratio revert to the mean?
Variables importance: who can do the most pushups?
Alternative to block bootstrap for multivariate time series
Why does t statistic increase with the sample size?
How to calculate Theil–Sen estimator in R?
What are modern, easily used alternatives to stepwise regression?
Distribution of standard deviation
How to compute the probability associated with absurdly large Z-scores?
Weighted loss function for non-random sample
PCA with covariance matrix calculated using random matrix theory in R
Effects on R^2 of adding interactions to a linear regression model
What is the difference between lm() and rlm()?
Standard error from OR and HR
How to calculate number of participants required to compare mean scores on a questionnaire between two groups?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test
When is the maximum value of chi square achieved for a non-symmetric table?
How to visualize iterative parameter constraint?
Likert scale questionnaire and logistic regression
Aggregating and comparing data across days using paired t-test
What does this distribution look like?
A better presentation of linear regression model
How to graphically compare distributions of a variable for two groups with different sample sizes?
Can we combine false discovery rate and principal components analysis?
Finding weights that remove residual dot product
Two-sample t-test / ANOVA on functions, with unequal variances
How to implement k-means cluster analysis algorithm correctly?
What are the uses and pitfalls of regression through the origin?
How do I create a predictor for a time series once I've confirmed Granger-causality?
How do I weigh several variables at two levels to create an overall composite variable score?
Inference to the population when the survey response rate is only 30%
How to model change over four time points on an ordinal variable where some participants have missing data at some time points?
Choosing a measure of similarity to quantify similarity between individuals on a set of personality scales
Generalization of a hazard model
Confidence level for clusters
Multivariate linear bayesian regression in matlab with normal-gamma assumption for data
Deriving risk estimates using forecasting confidence limits and out of sample hold-out cases
Clustering 1D data
How to simplify a stretched exponential fit?
Repeated measures ANOVA with lme/lmer in R for two within-subject factors
Where to find credit risk data set?
Split plot in R
How to add multiple question to a variable in AMOS?
Which one is the null hypothesis? Conflict between science theory, logic and statistics?
Entropy value for different sets of data
How to combine unbound variables with very different frequency distributions?
Is there a difference between an index score and a composite score?
Threshold for correlation coefficient to indicate statistical significance of a correlation in a correlation matrix
Probability of an event that is not measureable
Modelling worst, average and best case capacity of a system
How does "ward" clustering (in R's hclust function) work?
Practical definition of a UMP test?
Help with creating a formula for "diversity coefficient"
Can I use "left eye" and "right eye" in my sample as two different subjects?
How to quantify correlation stability?
Is subjective weighting acceptable to create composites for correlation analysis?
Bootstrap and randomization tests to compare paired data sets
How to apply Mahalanobis weighted regression in R?
CDF of first passage time for Poisson dam/shot noise with constant amplitude jumps and exponential decay
What methods to use for statistical prediction/forecast of trading data?
How does dinterval() for interval censored data work in JAGS?
Discordances in total and cardiovascular mortality
Adjusting PCA based on prior information
Not-significant F but a significant coefficient in multiple linear regression
What is the best way of weighing cardinal scores and Likert scale scores to create a composite score?
Is there an R equivalent of SAS PROC FREQ?
Best way to select useful features using R software
How can I improve my analysis of the effects of reputation on voting?
Finding overall p-value for GLS model
Excel pivot table with multiple total columns
Correct use of partial derivatives? (Example: polynomial regression)
Compare R-squared from two different Random Forest models
Statistics for benchmarking code
Does a distance have to be a "metric" for an hierarchical clustering to be valid on it?
Boxplot for several distributions?
How can I predict values from new inputs of a linear model in R?
Does this make sense when linear regression results are out of the -1/+1 bandwidth?
Order statistics (e.g., minimum) of infinite collection of chi-square variates?
How would one visualize this data using bar charts?
Covariance and variance relation
How do I algorithmically determine values of T1 & T2 for canopy clustering?
How do I compare correlation coefficients of the same variables across different groups?
Most appropriate statistical treatment where participants select five statements from a list
Imputation with panel data exhibiting dependence structure
How many copies of shredded text are needed for getting 99.9% reconstruction of mutated text?
Fit between two curves
Labels in the Digit1 dataset for semi-supervised learning
Is there an R implementation to some mixed models quantile regression statistical procedure?
Assumptions and pitfalls in competing risks model
Can we compare correlations between groups by comparing regression slopes?
Excel's CHIDIST function in MATLAB for large values
What to do in case of low inter-rater reliability (ICC)?
Training sample division vs extra binary/nominal factor
How to interpret variance ratio test results?
Why two series are cointegrated but not mean-reverting?
Using information on both sides of a 'gap' in time series data for imputation
Can Spearman's correlation be run on z scores?
Two correlated DVs in a multiple regression
Treating categorical variables in logistic regression in SAS
What is the $i$th sufficient statistic in the EM algorithm for Gaussian mixture models?
Determining the reliability of weather forecast
How can I improve my cross-correlation methodology?
Text mining software (beyond R)
Is there a way to represent datasets using Predictive Model Markup Language?
How can I calculate an average speed rate that ignores occasional anomalies?
Is Fisher's exact test right for this problem?
Using a deterministic trend in OLS
Best functional form to describe a scatterplot with a z-shape appearance with noise
Is it meaningful to test for normality with a very small sample size (e.g., n = 6)?
Combining two time-series by averaging the data points
Tutorials for drawing an ROC curve
How to visualize system log data in "phase space"?
Weighted clustering on large spatial dataset
Visualizing 2-letter combinations
What's the difference between principal component analysis and multidimensional scaling?
Intra- and inter-rater reliability on the same data
Linear regression with factors in R
What is the best way to learn the fundamentals of probability required for machine learning algorithms?
Trend analysis with three time points in a repeated measures design
Data representation in a better way?
Problem in evaluating naive Bayes
How to determine the sample distribution based on a survey involving six variables?
Example implementation of random forest
Degrees of freedom for post-hoc tests
Combining randomForests in R, why are the err.rate, mse and rsq components NULL
Drawing Chernoff graph in R with only four face features?
What can you do with 'crazy' data?
Clustering with some cluster centers fixed/known
Generate uniformly distributed weights that sum to unity?
Area under the "pdf" in kernel density estimation in R
What is the mathematical difference between Cpk and Ppk?
How to come up with research questions in statistical theory?
To what extent is the distinction between correlation and causation relevant to Google?
Comparing sample to a known population
Examples of wrapping open source machine learning software in PMML?
Phillips–Perron unit root test instead of ADF test?
Post hoc test after ANOVA with repeated measures using R
Time series modeling in R on a weekly basis over multiple years featuring different number of weeks in each year
References for creating neuropsychological composite scores
Why do lme and aov return different results for repeated measures ANOVA in R?
What is the difference between "mean value" and "average"?
Testing a binomial model
When to use Student's or Normal distribution in linear regression?
Using k-fold cross-validation for time-series model selection
How to specify labels per facet in ggplot2?
How a strong trend could be mean-reverting?
How few samples are needed to compare two means?
R package for identifying relationships between variables
R package for smooth transition regression models
Why Phillips-Perron test returns "singularities in regression"?
Best statistic to compare frequencies in two datasets
Drawing multiple barplots on a graph in R
Using monomvn to impute monotone missings
How to compute the Kullback-Leibler divergence when the PMF contains 0s?
In Brownian motion, how does the absolute value of a particle's distance from the center scale with respect to number of iterations?
How to best display graphically type II (beta) error, power and sample size?
Nonparameteric multivariate density approximation -- where do I start?
Why are degrees of freedom so high in repeated measures mixed models?
Calculating standard error and attaching an error bar on ggplot2 bar chart
Based only on these sensitivity and specificity values, what is the best decision method?
How to plot non-uniform bar chart using GNUplot?
How to generate random categorical data?
How to model categorical (discrete-valued) time series?
Definition of "degree of interaction" in the MARS model
How to generate two correlated categorical variables?
What is a good reference on simulating ordinal random variables?
How can I determine which columns best correlate with target column in a SQL Server Table?
How to generate random auto correlated binary time series data?
Counterintuitive result for random sample
Transform continuous variable to discrete variable
Finding correlation of discrete distribution data
Simple linear regression -- through a specific point
What techniques are used for empirical, stochastic simulation of a time series?
k-fold CV of forecasting financial time series -- is performance on last fold more relevant?
Correlating various diagnoses with amount of weight gained
Varying group coefficients in lme4
Improving the SVM classification of diabetes
Choosing variables for Discriminant Analysis
If mean is so sensitive, why use it in the first place?
Calculating confidence intervals via bootstrap on dependent observations
Ways of finding associations in time series
How well does R scale to text classification tasks?
How to test hypothesis  that correlation is equal to given value using R?
Given the power of computers these days, is there ever a reason to do a chi-squared test rather than Fisher's exact test?
ANOVA for non-normal heterogenous unequally replicated data
Eigenfunctions of an adjacency matrix of a time series?
When using the beta distribution as a prior distribution for binomial, why won't the distribution results match with the calculated probability?
Zero regression coefficient when correlations are not zero
Normalisation for regression
Analysis hierarchical circular mixture data
When should one use multiple regression with dummy coding vs. ANCOVA?
Understanding text Clustering
Difference in statistical powers between two nested models
Gibbs sampling for a simple linear model -- need help with the likelihood function
Statistical significance for correlated significance tests
Checking if a nominal variable is important in a GLM model
AB Multi-variate testing - when can I eliminate worst performing variants?
Seeking suggestions for summarizing and visualizing data
Proving significantly better performance in binary forecasting
How to generate random sample with controlled repetition?
Grouping a "other" group with R and ggplot2
Designing a test for a psychic who says he can influence dice rolls
Bayesian classifier and discovery of new classifications
Is it possible to graph this?
Grouping data in ranges in R by summing them
What are the issues when performing an ANCOVA with a covariate that is influenced by experimental manipulation?
Getting the weights to compare AMORE NN models?
When the population has a known fixed size, are tables for the t statistic wrong?
Case weighted logistic regression
Non-normality in MANOVA with significant planned contrasts versus non-significance in Kruskal-Wallis- A Conundrum
A doubt about the cointegration tests
Efficient way to merge multiple dataframes in R
Sampling from a posterior distribution in SAS
Is there an R package which implements weighted maximum likelihood for Rasch models?
Bootstrapping with a small number of observations
Theoretical corrections of the training error for time series data
Forecasting time series based on a behavior of other one
What is the most computationally efficient way to sample from an unnormalized density?
Comparing two binary distributions
Estimating Markov chain probabilities
How to get forestplot to accept an expression in row label?
How to compute the gradient for logistic regression in Matlab?
Queuing theory question
Is there a way to measure the information content (or difference) in two matrices?
Highly irregular time series
Sample size via confidence intervals
What is a minimum sample size for a paired t-test and what is a non-parametric equivalent if data is non-normal?
General advice on modeling
How to compare proportions across different groups with varying population sizes?
In SAS, how do I perform a one sided test of the coefficient in a linear regression?
Dynamic mean of randomly distributed events
How many cases are needed for an extrapolation?
Theory on discriminant analysis in small sample size conditions
How to draw a random sample from distribution of prediction?
Random walks in multinomial case 
What are latest statistical challenges regarding missing data?
Interpretation problems for 9 categories of response variable in ordinal and probit regression
How to report hazard ratios from a Cox proportional hazards model in English?
What is a trend line?
Does the 'reference group' in a Cox proportional hazards model have to exist?
As a reviewer, can I justify requesting data and code be made available even if the journal does not?
Quantifying the loss of efficiency incurred by a pseudo-likelihood estimator relative to the true maximum likelihood estimator
(Stochastic) optimization with multivariate predictive distribution
Prediction with GLS
Logarithms and regression
Appropriateness of Wilcoxon signed rank test
Software needed to scrape data from graph
How can I convert a Gauss-Markov process to i.i.d. Gaussian process?
How to understand Bayesian statistics?
How to aggregate and merge these two data.frames?
How to test for significant differences in means across  four within subject conditions where dependent variable is a proportion?
GLM model validation
Degrees of freedom for Chi-squared test
Scores and normal distributions
How to remove skewness from the population?
How do you calculate standard errors for a transformation of the MLE?
Power calculation for a case-control study with a continuous outcome
Compendium of cross-validation techniques
How to plot a learning curve based on a sequence of date stamped successes and failures?
Quantiles from the combination of normal distributions
Support vector regression for multivariate time series prediction
Intuitive explanation for density of transformed variable?
Median adjusted normalization used in quantitative proteomics
Automating plotting CSV files quickly and with some level of artistic control
How can a regression be significant yet all predictors be non-significant?
Testing if data comes from a normal distribution with mean 0 and unknown variance in Matlab
Frequency of a wavelet filter
How to test for differences from baseline where dependent variable is non-normally distributed using SPSS?
Fractional integration and cointegration with R
What variation can I expect between lab results if the coefficient of variation is 9%?
Understanding bootstrapping for validation and model selection
Incidence density sampling in R 
Variable order and accounted variability in linear mixed-effects modeling
Creating point clusters of a specified size using R
Draw multiple plots on one graph in R?
Testing coefficient equality across two Tobit models
Elliptic regression, basic conceptual question
Representing the anova's interaction in R
What is the distribution of this nearly-Hotelling statistic?
Not usual piecewise linear regression
Format for distance matrix for running hclust in R
What is the default significance level for chisq.test() in R?
How to interpret regression coefficients in logistic regression?
How to interpret Zivot & Andrews unit root test?
Regression of Y on different quantiles of X in Stata
Do image recognition efforts always rely on machine learning and statistics?
What do you call a chart that looks like a half pie chart with a needle indicating a percentage?
Specifying parameter constraints in nls()
Is the order important when applying unit root tests?
Plotting density in two different ways gives wildly different looking curves
Time dummies in ordered probit regression
Do you have a global vision on those analysis techniques?
How to analyse three independent variables and two dependent variables?
Visualizing multiple tables
Classification vs clustering
How does one prove that a separating hyper-plane exists for a linearly separable pattern?
Acceptable r-square value for multiple linear regression model
Project management for remote collaboration in prediction
Clustering of multivariate data
Are decision forests and random forests the same thing?
Are linearly dependent contrasts permitted when performing planned comparisons in within-subjects ANOVA?
How to test whether percentage is significantly greater than 50% after averaging across three experiments?
In SAS, is there a way to iterative refit a regression using different weights for observation with positive residual and negative residuals?
Did I find a bug in the tseries or urca packages?
Logistic regression with binary dependent and independent variables
How to plot a stair steps function with ggplot?
How to replicate a plot of means for a 2 by 3 by 4 design in R?
Scaling a distribution in JAGS
Average per line vs. Average per column: is total average the same?
Reporting results of a logistic regression
How to choose number of lags for Zivot unit root test?
How to choose the tolerance parameter for ABC?
Testing significance of overlap in R
Identifying sequential patterns
How can I compare the relative effects between values of a categorical IV?
$\frac{X_T-X_C}{X_T}$ vs $\frac{X_T}{X_C}$ as a metric of treatment effect?
Simulate probit marginal effects with an interaction term
Is it appropriate to compare means using t-test where the raw data are percentages?
What is the appropriate method to use to calculate customer lifetime value?
Lower bound for tail of hypergeometric distribution
Frequency range of wavelet packets decomposition at each level
How should I classify stores based on the demographics of their customers?
A problem using Bayesian modeling to impute a variable measured with error
Measures of similarity or distance between two covariance matrices
Meta-regression with dependent variables of different types
Eigenvectors corresponding to eigenvalues
Help with Johansen procedure to check the cointegration
Can I account for an unknown starting period while estimating reliability?
R language-statistics-significance testing
How do I interpret this Weibull plot?
Kendall's W for multiple objects and multiple surveys
How do I deal with datasets that have many values out of range / over threshold?
Are Fisher's linear discriminant and logistic regression related?
Similarity calculations for arrays
Is there a package for R that allows smoothing splines in GEE?
How to simulate the success of an RF packet transfer knowing the packet size and BER
How to forecast CPU demand from a time series?
How to perform regression on a nominal variable using many binary explanatory variables?
What to call this intermediate step in my maximum a posteriori calculation?
How to model missing statistics in an actuarial table of age related mortality rates?
What is the distribution of the binomial distribution parameter N given sample k and p?
How is the bayesian framework better in interpretation when we usually use uninformative or subjective priors?
Convergence proof for perceptron algorithm with margin
Using ANCOVA with data matched on propensity scores
Controlling unobserved determinants in time series regression
Selection of priors for a BYM spatial regression model
How to test for increases in categorical variable values measured over time?
Auto.arima with daily data: how to capture seasonality/periodicity?
What does the dashed bounds mean when plotting a contour plot with R GAM?
Interpreting the output of structural break detection function
Hessian of profile likelihood used for standard error estimation
Using an If condition inside SPSS syntax
Is an online chi square calculator available for larger tables?
Learning multiple output
Calculating confidence interval from binomial distribution
What method to detect structural breaks on time series?
Interpretation of n-way ANOVA results using different models in MATLAB
MCMC sampling of decision tree space vs. random forest
How can I estimate the probability of a random member from one population being "better" than a random member from a different population?
How to run JAGS as fast as possible on Mac?
Inter-rater reliability with many non-overlapping raters
Inference about the outcomes of two logistic regressions
Ordered category agreement
Model selection with AIC and model efficiency
Ripper algorithm on large data sets
How do I interpret interaction coefficients in a temporally lagged regression model?
Why does chi-square testing use the expected count as the variance?
Bicubic/bilinear interpolation in R
Is it allowed to incorporate static covariates in Mixed effects models with time series data?
How to compare data with difference in scale?
Presenting logistic model fit graphically 
Does this distribution have a name? Or what is a stochastic process that could generate it?
Imputing/instrumenting for missing variables in a case-control study
How to visualise data from two variables: optimal response and proportion choosing response?
How to calculate stock volatility in %?
Poisson regression instead of log transformation of a continuous outcome variable?
Recursive partitioning using median (instead of mean)
Predicting binary values with binary independent variables in logistic regression
What is the best tool for customer segmentation?
How to calculate derivative of the contractive auto-encoder regularization term?
Hypothesis testing terminology surrounding null
Quantifying how successful results of clustering are with a test
Fitting a probability distribution to zero inflated data in R
How does mean and median play an important role in data mining?
How to check if the volatility is stationary?
Confidence intervals of coefficients in polynomial regression
Comparing two GLMs using cross validation
Variable importance from GLMNET 
How to test the effect of condition on change scores for a possibly ordinal dependent variable?
Large scale text classification
Why is  the Breusch-Pagan test significant on simulated data designed not to be heteroscedastic?
Combining two pieces of evidence expressed as probabilities
Interpreting distance from hyperplane in SVM
Central limit theorem for sample quantiles
Adding correlation coefficients of time series
Suggest an exhaustive procedure that will find a separating vector for linearly separable pattern in a finite number of steps
libsvm training very slow on 100K rows, suggestions?
Smoothing splines with multiple independent variables in R
What is an elegant way of visualising two time series with many data points?
Weighted spatial clustering
Reliability and validity of a standard survey
Naive Bayes classifier for predicting performance
How to decode NOAA TREND files?
A better visualization for comparison?
How to test the autocorrelation of the residuals?
How can it be proved that if number of samples are less than $d+1$, then the sample set is linearly separable?
Possible non-determinism in transcan from rms package
Problem with plotting with SAS
Meaning of p-values in regression
Expected value of a random variable in a range
Iterate through levels of different factors by means of regression
How do I control for a confounding variable with this distribution?
Can I pass an "at" parameter for the x-axis locations of bars, to an R barplot?
What is an analogue of PCA in the regression context?
How to specify specific contrasts for repeated measures ANOVA using car?
Seasonal data forecasting issues
Efficient calculation of matrix inverse in R
Combining metrics for score card
Any suggestion for clustering method for unknown number of clusters and non-Euclidean distance?
Van Westendorp price modeling in R
Classifying IP addresses with a decision tree
Copula with 4 Poisson and 1 Bernoulli margins in R
Adjusting the sensitivity of a hexplot in R
Whether to enter all predictors at once or perform a hierarchical regression?
Multiclass classification when class distribution is known
Intraclass Correlation Coefficients (ICC) with Multiple Variables
What is the best survey method to use for conducting an annual risk and fraud survey?
Is SPSS giving the wrong residuals for a repeated measures design?
Right way to sample with prior information on another variable
How can I generate predictions from the randomSurvivalForest package in R?
Confidence measure for classification result from a MAP estimator
How to compare two or more correlation matrices?
The "sum" of prediction intervals
Averages of averages (of averages, of averages...)
How to assess prevalence of grossly inaccurate data in recorded body weights in medical records?
Proper test for time series
How are we defining 'reproducible research'?
Increasing the number of bins in a SAS 9.2 contour plot
What is a statistical test of whether a variable is uniformly distributed with kinks?
Inference in linear model with conditional heteroskedasticity
How to estimate the absolute expected difference?
Question about independence assumption for ANOVA, t-test, and non-parametric tests
Generate a random variable with a defined correlation to an existing variable(s)
Comparing classifier performance
Working with correlation coefficients
How do I make this plot using R?
How to combine two hazard ratios from the study for a meta-analysis?
How to calculate a 95% confidence interval from time data?
How to accurately quantify forecast uncertainty in a special case of robust linear regression?
How to carry out repeated measures ANOVA?
Sense of correlation coefficient matrix of particle filter's parameters
What's the correct distribution for page reading time?
Bagging with oversampling for rare event predictive models
R package for marketing
Discriminating periodic signals from aperiodic ones
Problem with ARIMA in Minitab
Determining the significance of a set ordering
Clustering using the pam algorithm in R
Bayesian AB testing
How to assess goodness of fit of a particular nonlinear model?
How is an ANOVA calculated for a repeated measures design: aov() vs lm() in R
Generation of distribution with given mean, standard deviation, lower and upper bounds
Is this a two way ANOVA with replicates?
Forecasting binary time series
How to detect changepoint with a bit of tolerance?
Kalman filter vs. smoothing splines
Predicting a maximum value with little data
Why are Gaussian "discriminant" analysis models called so?
Determining the variables when training a/classifying with a random forest
What are Pu and Pz in the Phillips & Ouliaris cointegration test?
How do you write up Tukey post-hoc findings?
What if a numerator term is zero in Naive Bayes?
What test is appropriate for comparing demographic data across time?
What model is most appropriate to estimate the probability of something occurring?
What assumptions do I need to check to combine levels in a categorical predictor for use in a GLM?
Java support for PMML
What is compound symmetry in plain english?
Should the difference between control and treatment be modelled explicitly or implicitly?
How to understand the plotting of the cox.zph function in R?
What is the best way to use a 2-class classifier for a multi-category case?
Reducing size of PMML DataDictionary and MiningSchema elements
Grouped income data in Stata or SAS
Evaluating and combining methods based on ROC and PR curves
How to do a paired test when some cases have no pair?
Are there differences in Bayesian and frequentist approaches to EDA?
Moments of function of Poisson process
Calculate expectation from empirical cdf
How to create a dataset with conditional probability?
Fisher's criterion distribution
Problem with k-means used to initialize HMM
How to interpret coefficients produced by the sem function in R?
Variable transformation for factor analysis
Detect statistical anomalies
Are nominal attributes strict classifications and equivalent to enumerations in programming languages?
Significance testing of three or more correlations using Fisher's transformation
Precision and recall for clustering?
Poisson regression in a survival setting on a simulated set
How to select from which machine came the request in a distributed service system?
How to compare effect of time across two groups on ten dependent variables?
Fisher's exact test on 2x4 table
Difference between homoscedastic and homogenic-variance data
Graphing effect size for coefficient of determination
Can I delete excessive number of multivariate outliers, like over 10% in sample?
Text categorization/classification for small scale text
Outlier detection in short time series with two seasonalities
How to perform power analysis using simulation in Stata
How to interpret the divergence of Fisher information expectation?
Dirichlet distribution plot in R
How do you model a scalar response using a scalar IV, a categorical IV and categorical covariate w/ interactions?
What is a good Monte Carlo algorithm for generating an archipelago in a particular map?
Create a dataset with conditional probability, extension
Will quantum computing allow new statistical techniques?
Understanding repeated measure ANOVA assumptions for correct interpretation of SPSS output
Constraining linear regression to yield nonpositive residuals
Analysis of influence against weighted edges and attributes
How can these residuals have homogeneity of variances?
High dimensional volume entropy estimator
Data sources related to Federal regulation
How to interpret p-values of 0 or 1?
Post hoc chi-square test
C# ARMA library
In natural language parsing, what is the feature function?
Controlling p-value in SPSS
What is the relation between two IIN mean zero random variables?
Testing regime change in SAS
Mean of means by a factor versus global mean
Bonferroni for outlier detection?
List of topics for a 'quantitative reasoning' course
Literature on generating "similar" synthetic time series from observed time series
How can this series pass the structural change test?
How to reload the WinBUGS computation results to bugs object again?
Combining two unequal normal distributions
What does more than chance mean?
IRR on two raters’ integer scores
Change-point in Cox survival model
Optimizing parameters via simple visualisation technique
Maximum number of significance tests
Problem with calculating $R^2$
Hierarchical clustering with mixed type data - what distance/similarity to use?
When to use weighted Euclidean distance and how to determine the weights to use?
Chi-square test for checking if values are close to zero?
Combining errors in a histogram (binned data)
Testing the likelihood that two percentages are equal
Can random effects apply only to categorical variables?
How to group-center / standardize variables in R?
Does the order of explanatory variables in logistic regression change the results?
Looking to generate fun graphs/data for basketball matches
Probability in logistic regression
Orthogonal sampling, latin hypercubes and low discrepancy sequences
Online site to easily generate stats on census data
Please help me interpret these Wilcoxon signed-rank test results
Looking for estimates for my data using cumulative beta distribution
How to interpret the divergence of Fisher information expectation
How to read result from Kolmogorov-Smirnov one-sample test in SPSS?
Canonical correlation and prediction
Calculating 90% confidence intervals in regression to identify outlying data
How should I deal with the consequences of proportional hazards violations in log-rank (and related) tests?
How to interpret $R^2$ above 1?
How dummy variable can be analyzed in panel data using fixed effects in Stata?
How to test for differences between medians of multiple Likert items?
Inference with one-sample Likert-type data
Calculating % unsampled in sampling with replacement
Handling large data sets in R -- tutorials, best practices, etc
Which algorithm to compute p-value of logrank test with three or more groups is best?
Maximum likelihood estimation procedures for state-space linear models
Error bars when the variables are related
What type of error correction do I have to use after Wilcoxon matched pairs test?
Model errors, residuals and heteroscedasticity
Understanding statistical control charts
Tutorial suggestions leading to mixed-effect modelling
Validating a predicted standard deviation
How to calculate a confidence level for a Poisson distribution?
Modeling response times
What are good techniques and resources for teaching Bayes theorem?
Negative $\beta$ in mediation regression analysis
How to find a marginal distribution from a joint distribution?
Length normalization in a naive Bayes classifier for documents
How should I characterize the "typical" variance of a large collection of variables?
Similarity / dissimilarity of two large bimodal datasets
Estimating the functional form of the slowly time-varying variance of a Gaussian process
Estimate non-parametric prediction interval
Constructing a naive recession forecast
When should I use $E(X)$ and when to use $\mu$  for the mean?
How to deal with this design?
Bank acquisition effect
Online calculator for power analysis: what value to give?
t-test that means are the same?
How to analyse pre-post quasi-experimental study with an additional baseline measure?
Logistic regression for questionnaires on 7 points Likert scale
How to compute prediction bands for non-linear regression?
What does "case-control" and "cross-sectional" mean in the context of logistic modeling?
Whether to delete cases that are flagged as outliers by statistical software when performing multiple regression?
Kruskal-Wallis or Fligner test to check homogeneity of variances?
How to graph quantitative and qualitative improvement in human health related measures?
Autocorrelation and heteroskedasticity in panel data
Machine learning task with feedback loop
When using stratified randomization in a RCT, how many envelopes per stratum should be prepared?
How to characterize a problem of standardizing product descriptions
Given P(A) and P(B), what would be the minimum probability of the intersection?
Probability of two people meeting
Automatic text quality grading
Formula for comparing the youth of different groups?
Determine optimal (recurring) frequency of discrete values
How to make a forest plot with Excel?
How to interpret and test for a significant difference between two correlations drawn from independent groups (e.g., males and females)?
Prediction vs. tolerance interval
How do joint test, r-squared behave when using autocorrelation / heteroskedasticity robust std. errors?
Is Fisher's exact test appropriate if one cell is much larger than the rest?
How to derive the variance of a weighted moving average?
Why the Breusch-Pagan test fails if I set the intercept to zero?
Bias of autocorrelation function in finite sample for ARMA processes
Is significance more important than absolute value?
Predictive model for network data
Multiple linear regression, multi-period data and p-values
Plotting a boxplot against multiple factors in R with ggplot2
Standard error and p-values of exponential smoothing weights
Funnel plot with asymmetrical point sizes
Average number of cards of a particular suit in a hand
Imputing missing data for Likert scale variables
Is it appropriate to identify and remove outliers because they cause problems?
Testing homoscedasticity with Breusch-Pagan test
Convergence problem when adjusting for the effect of a lot of centres
Converting standard error to standard deviation?
What's the difference between $p(x \mid \theta)$ and $p(x; \theta)$?
Estimating the intersection of two lines
Is it appropriate to examine an interaction effect that is almost statistically significant?
Measuring tariff evasion before and after tariff cut
What "more" does differencing (d>0) do in ARIMA than detrend?
Distribution of a ratio of uniforms: What is wrong?
How to perform a 4 by 4 mixed ANOVA  with between- and within-subjects contrasts using R?
Improving data analysis through a better visualization of data?
Example use of ARMA forecasting method 
Online tool for testing voting systems?
Is it reasonable to delete a large number of outliers from a dataset?
How to compute the power of Wilcoxon test?
How to assess whether a correlation between play and number of friends holds in different contexts?
Validation of clustering results
How can I test the quality of a RNG?
Assessing the effect of adding a variable using stepwise forward logistic regression using Stata?
Hidden Markov models and expectation maximization algorithm
Generative model that penalizes clumping of data
Clustering of 10's of millions of high dimensional data
How to get started with applying item response theory and what software to use?
Putting a confidence interval on the mean of a very rare event
How to analyse a moderator effect in hierarchical multiple regression with covariates?
How to create common effect size estimate for meta-analysis based on a mix of mean changes and raw group means and standard deviations?
Volatility of x and y variables in linear regression?
How to convert a frequency table into a vector of values?
Convert SAS NLMIXED code for zero-inflated gamma regression to R
Ordered sampling of uniform variables
What is wrong with lagged regressor in time series regression?
What is the advantage of transforming variables from nominal to ordinal/numerical when it reduces variance explained in CatPCA?
How to find duplicate cases in a large dataset?
How to describe study design looking at effect of a training program on two age groups  and how do I calculate required sample size?
How to test the correlation between two variables in 50+ data subsets for statistical significance?
Best practices for measuring and avoiding overfitting?
Modelling "gaps" in a Poisson regression
Why are most standard goodness of fit tests based only on continuous distributions?
p-Value and results of Cramer's V
Magnitude of a relationship
How to statistically and graphically compare distributions for nine groups where group sample sizes are unequal?
Heteroscedastic test does not solve the problem
Why are two correlations significantly different to zero but not significantly different from one another?
Performing contrasts among treatment levels in survival analysis
How to check variance with GARCH (1,1) model?
vcovHC, vcovHAC, NeweyWest – which function to use?
Does "x per y" always refer to the arithmetic mean?
Comparing logistic regression models
Interpretation of AIC, BIC and KIC
Survey regression in R with singleton PSUs
Subdividing a dataset
Why does the OLS estimator simplify as follows for the single regressor case?
Pearson and Spearman correlations - how to determine if they are "similar"?
Robust cluster method for mixed data in R
p-value for nonlinear equation
Reaction norms model in R
How to calculate linear regression with Libre Office?
The most suitable ARMA software
Disagregating overall growth into contributing factors
Is Pearson's correlation the best method to compare strength of relationship between two Likert items across groups?
Norm of residuals to measure goodness of fit
Interactive tool for plotting data points with filter and search capabilities
Do I need to use t-test?
How to test for differences between two group means when the data is not normally distributed?
Way to get started with and learn R?
Statistical validity of before and after tests
Why does a paired t-test (when appropriate) result in better variance?
The unimodality of a generalised binomial distribution
How to "uncluster" a set of financial data?
Probability theory books for self-study
Interpretation of Shapiro-Wilk test
How to sample a statistic?
How to show whether there's a significant higher rate?
How to calculate Sidak correction by hand?
Variance of coefficients in nonlinear regression
Confidence of a variance estimate
Is it valid to include a baseline measure as control variable when testing the effect of an independent variable on change scores?
Best bayesian network program for mac?
How to use Levene test function in R?
How to compare group means for two samples with t-test using R?
How can I implement multiclass k-NN?
Poisson deviance - and what about zero observed values?
Response variable with exponential distribution - how to analyse?
Difference between soft k-means and fuzzy c-means
What are some quick initial tests to check the quality of a new dataset?
Matlab's quadprog equivalent in python?
Workflow for using R with LyX for a statistical analysis?
Metric for probability based classification
Finding k-representatives from a 2 dimensional data set
How to report effect size measures r and r-squared and what is a non-technical explanation of them?
Mediation analysis with curvilinear mediator and categorical predictors
Finding a function for data points with disturbances
How to calculate mean absolute error using cross-validation?
Where to find mathematical modeling help on low-budget project?
How to calculate an overall job satisfaction score and test group differences?
Computing repeatability of effects from an lmer model
Interpretation of coefficients in polynomial regression for predictive modeling
What article or book clearly states that one can't use protected t-tests in within subjects ANOVA?
Measuring individual player effectiveness in 2-player per team sports
What is the Bayesian counterpart to a two-sample t-test with unequal variances?
Is there a qualitatively useful statistic or approach to an ill-behaving sample average?
How can I simulate census microdata for small areas using a 1% microdata sample at a large scale and aggregate statistics at the small area scale?
Smoothing when standard errors are known/estimated
Computing regression coefficient values in OLS
Repeated measures ANOVA for circular / angular / directional data
How best to graphically represent an r-square effect-size measure?
How to calculate a Gaussian kernel effectively in numpy
Help with pretest-posttest data analysis
Estimating the x-intercept of an arbitrary monotonically increasing function
Mean and variance of a normally distributed random number created from the average of a set of uniformly distributed random numbers
How to sample clustering to estimate precision and recall?
Software for learning statistical quality control 
Explicit formulation of predict() output of an orthogonal polynomial regression?
How can I combine histograms with a density plot in R?
Handling NLP probability results
Bayesian calculation with compound independent factors
What is the difference between graph clustering and community detection methods?
Re-estimate classification model with biased data
Mathematical description of problem where sample is asked about three most liked brands?
-1 df for a saturated model with ML estimator?
Inconsistency in calculating the Calinski-Harabasz index for a given clustering in R
Comparing reproducible research strategies: brew or Sweave vs. R2HTML
How do you show that two populations are statistically similar?
What is a reasonable sample size for correlation analysis for both overall and sub-group analyses?
Are the following GLM models nested?
How to summarise the ordering pattern of a set of four stimuli by participants?
How to develop a forecast for counts where the counts per period is low?
Level shifts in an ARIMA model: fewer are better?
Extracting fixed effects table output from lme object
How to interpret categorical variables in an OLS when only one category is statistically significant?
Language of Stata's ADO files
Are confidence intervals open or closed intervals?
Paired multiarm bandit
Why does the product of the bivariate regression coefficients of the $y$-on-$x$ line and $x$-on-$y$ line equal the square of the correlation?
Trouble using pareto levy stable distribution software
Allow data to dictate the priors and then run the model using these priors? (e.g., data-driven priors from same data set)
How to estimate correlation matrix from largest eigenvalues?
What is the proper way to estimate the CDF for a distribution from samples taken from that distribution?
How to conduct a meta-analysis on studies that report results variously as odds ratios, hazards ratios, or rate ratios?
How do I test whether one predictor is significantly better than another? Is Hotelling's T the best option?
Which robust correlation methods are actually used?
Resources and R code for analysing advanced experimental designs?
How to predict future reservations when data for the current day is incomplete?
Pseudorandom sequence whose values can be computed directly for given seed?
Add a column to a dataframe based on a probability distribution
Problem with GBM model
Redefining and merging two tables in R or SAS
Sufficient statistical multivariate Gaussian
Summary statistic for an error measurement
How to analyse a study where measures are taken repeatedly from right and left legs in five walking conditions?
Probability of throwing same sequence of 13 heads or tails
Can I use a paired t-test when the samples are normally distributed but their difference is not?
Significance loss after removing one point from a small sample
How to create a ratio distribution from samples?
Evaluating a clinical test
Plot of the estimated log hazard ratio in R
Why do people often run a regression with and without control variables?
Unit root tests, stationarity, and the null hypothesis
How to interpret and report  eta squared / partial eta squared in statistically significant and non-significant analyses?
How can I set up a zero-inflated poisson in JAGS?
What is the variance of the maximum of a sample?
What is the curse of dimensionality?
How to test if the errors of a linear regression are constant?
Example to show that items in a strong association rule may actually be negatively correlated?
Variance of product of dependent variables
How to find confidence intervals for ratings?
Is $SSE/(n−2)$  an estimator of the variance of the dependent variable for a fixed x-value?  
What is the difference between "margin of error" and "standard error"?
How to test for differences between treatment groups over time?
LDA cutoff (decision boundary) value
Why is it a "statistical sin" to run a large number of correlations and only report the statistically significant ones?
How to calculate sample size per condition if given overall df? and How to calculate Cohen's D given mean, t, standard error, and df?
How to apply a soft coefficient constraint to an OLS regression?
Is there a name for models that are based on a given conditional distribution only?
Getting started with multivariate testing
Why don't my two-stage least squares results make sense?
How to calculate  95% confidence intervals for  partial eta squared and eta squared?
What does "unbiasedness" mean?
Sum or mean of several related hypergeometric distributions
Allowed comparisons of mixed effects models (random effects primarily)
How can I determine if there's a statistically significant difference between two averages?
How to find a fitted statistical model to a series of data?
Distribution of betas in multiple linear regression
How to calculate 95% confidence interval for the differences of means in R?
How to fit a continuous empirical variable to a theoretical distribution?
Factors that affect variation in the data?
Algorithms and methods for attribute/feature selection?
How to handle data imbalance in classification?
How best to reduce dimensionality of a dataset composed of events and trials?
Best algorithm for classifying time series motor data
Density related to sparseness measure
How do I avoid overlapping labels in an R plot?
Is sampling from data, getting a statistic and repeating this process to get a mean of the statistic a "Monte Carlo" method? 
Slope and intercept of linear equation of uniformly distributed variables
Setting the threshold p-value as part of hypothesis generation
How to analyse this data obtained from a simple physics experiment on attractive forces?
Regression in projective space?
How to test for differences in ratings for two devices where each device is rated on a multiple item scale?
Is it possible to have negative values in a simple slope analysis for dichotomous predictors?
How to save individual residuals from an observed endogenous variable in a structural equation model?
Linear/non-linear mixed effects models
Is sampling from a folded normal distribution equivalent to sampling from a normal distribution truncated at 0?
Understanding entropy/salience of probability distribution of two data sets
How to create multiple scatter plots in SPSS arranged in a table like format?
Is it reasonable to treat a three point Likert dependent variable as a continuous variable?
Why is data grouped or binned in this way?
Sample comparison with unknown missingness or deflation
Machine learning in web application?
How to set the optimal number of simulations
How do stochastic simulations work?
Change and anomaly detection
Test to compare user interfaces
What method can be used to detect seasonality in data?
Sampling considerations in psychometric applications of item response theory
Difference between Step validation and Cross validation
For two offset sampled data series, what is the best estimate of the offset between them?
Flipping test and control groups
How to understand if the points are constant around a line?
Datasets for data visualization examples, teaching and research
Optimization for marketing allocation in R 
Local polynomial (linear) regression of binary data --- logit transformation?
Which type of regression analysis should I use for consumption pattern data?
Should a predictor, significant on its own but not with other predictors, be included in an overall multinomial logistic regression?
Detecting Numerical Trends
Calculate quality estimates for distribution of real data
Narrow confidence interval -- higher accuracy?
How to test the variance in timeseries?
Making big, smart(er) bets
Interaction suppresses the main effect? How to interpret it?
Solving constrained system of linear equations with R
How can I calculate confidence intervals and determine statistical significance for each cell in a contigency table?
Getting critics to recognize that two similar input patterns refer to the same output-performance relationship
What do you call an average that does not include outliers?
Correcting for outliers in a running average
Algorithms to eliminate or display outliers in a dataset
What correlation method should I use to analyze financial timeseries?
What is the difference between "testing of hypothesis" and "test of significance"?
Testing the difference of (some) quantile-Q between groups?
How to define marked point processes?
How to develop a model predicting quality of life from a wide range of demographic, stress, and health measures?
Calculate average frequency of an event based on probability and number of chances per hour
Fourier data with non-integer periods, correcting for phase bias
Higher order generalization of the multivariate normal distribution
How to succinctly report the correlation between two variables for 20 different subsets of the data in a table?
Poisson binomial distribution PMF conjecture
Histogram for a sample in Python easily?
How is it possible that these variances are equal?
Calculating the probability of gene list overlap between an RNA seq and a ChIP-chip data set
Is it possible for  $R^2$ of a regression on two variables be higher than the sum of $R^2$ for two regressions on the individual variables?
What does it mean when you get strange model fit statistics in AMOS?
How to test whether variance explained by first factor of PCA differs across repeated measures conditions?
Why is a t-test necessary given that we have the z-test?
Given the advancements in statistical testing, can estimating correlations be an end in itself?
Can one leave out data from research because it is not significant?
Whether to use multivariate F test, df adjusted estimate, or sphericity assumed in repeated measures ANOVA?
Do I need p-value adjustment for multiple ANOVAs on the same dataset?
Some exercises related to sampling and the normal distribution
How to generate nD point process?
Assessing error of a spatial interpolation algorithm
Is it a problem that the sizes of randomized groups can differ?
Testing data-generating hypotheses for reaction times
How to predict when the next event occurs, based on times of previous events?
How to calculate confidence intervals for the percentage of people who will download a song on a website?
Different optimal number of boosting iterations obtained from OOB and on test
Dimensionality reduction technique to maximize separation of known clusters?
How to test a directional hypothesis using ANOVA?
What is the difference between confidence intervals and hypothesis testing?
Accessing errors of 3D surface generation algorithm
Predicting total number of bugs based on number of bugs revealed by each tester
One-sided Fisher's exact test and its complement
How to rescale  two questionnaires that use slightly different response scales in order to make them comparable?
Are the random variables $X$ and $f(X)$ dependent?
How to perform coefficient test in linear model with robust covariance matrix?
How to draw a conclusion about an hypothesis if one study obtains p < .05 and a second study obtains p > .05?
Testing for linear dependence among the columns of a matrix
Doing principal component analysis or factor analysis on binary data
Logistic regression linear hyperplane
How can I apply models to predict the output of a test dataset using SAS?
How to sample from a normal distribution with known mean and variance using a conventional programming language?
How to assess whether experimental measurements obtained from different technicians are biased?
What is the expected gain from taking a winner's bet?
Difference between ~lp() or simply ~ in R's locfit 
How to test homogeneity of variance if the data may not be normally distributed?
How to compute the confidence interval of the ratio of two normal means
How to get the points of a linear regression line?
How low multiple R-squared value is enough to reject a model?
Selecting regression model for a non-negative integer response
Variable selection and forecasting with regARIMA models
How do you find the average in this Poisson Distribution problem?
How to solve Chuck-a-Luck puzzle
Simulation of an exponentially distributed variable
What statistical test to use to assess whether a medical procedure is related to recurrent disease?
Using the hypergeometric distribution for skipping events in transcriptome sequencing
How to calculate the probability that the maximum of two independent standard normal distributions is greater than zero?
What is a complete list of the usual assumptions for linear regression? 
When to use generalized estimating equations vs. mixed effects models?
Change points in the mean and in the variance using R
Free and concise statistics tutorials to give out as a refresher
How to calculate sample size for comparing the area under the curve of two models?
Adjusted vs. unadjusted effects in regression
What makes the formula for fitting logistic regression models in Hastie et al "maximum likelihood"?
Bound on variance of sum of variables
How to interpret the margin of error in a poll?
Using the sde package in R to simulate a SV model with leverage
Where can I find information about using SPSS for EFA and CFA? Is PCA (two samples) and reliability sufficient for scale development?
How to interpret the conditional expected value in a regression?
Does PCA have any advantages or usages in the frequency domain? 
How are epidemic models simulated in case of mobility?
Does including both raw  and per capita measures as predictors reduce significance of either predictor?
How do you calculate eigenvector/value of a non-square matrix in R?
A measure to identify discriminating subgraphs of a larger graph?
What is a good general purpose plain text data format like that used for Bibtex?
What is the rationale for using scoring methods after logistic regression?
Apriori algorithm in plain English?
What is the difference between Kalman filter and moving average?
3D axial statistics on a surface
Average number of failures before success
What is the relationship between a p-value and a confidence interval?
How to compress sets of integer series?
How to test whether the probability of a given colour of skittle is equal to that of another colour?
How to quickly select important variables from a very large dataset?
What are ways to deal with circular covariates (e.g. with a GAM)?
Minimum cluster size requirements? Minimum sample size requirements for clustered standard errors?
What is the statistical justification of interpolation?
How to determine the number of nearby samples for spatial estimation?
Difference between confidence intervals and prediction intervals
About kernel based estimates
What does interaction depth mean in GBM?
In linear regression, is the $R^2$ value enough to assess whether the relationship between the independent and dependent variable is linear?
Is sample mean the "best" estimation of distribution mean in some sense?
Calculating likelihood from RMSE
PDF for a function of random variables 
Error bars in interaction plot for ANOVA
Why is this normal probability plot graph skewed right?
How can I calculate the confidence interval of a mean in a non-normally distributed sample?
How to test reliability of an index when the index is composed of distinct facets?
Is R's trimmed means function biased?
What is statistical efficiency of the median?
Properties of logistic regressions
Determine gradient from past samples
How to assess the reliability of a composite scores?
How to perform non-parametric ANCOVA adjusting for differences in age and sex?
Density of a quadratic transformation of a normal random variable
How can I be confident about my forecasts and improve my methodologies?
How to perform repeated measures ordinal logistic regression using SPSS?
Without multi-level modeling, how to handle within-study replication in a meta-analysis, where the study is the unit of replication?
Probability of mean of random sample being in a certain range
How to find the "optimal" cutoff-points in a non-linear relationship?
How to test whether a covariance matrix has changed over two time points?
What type of regression analysis is best to model the relationship between self-efficacy and activity level over three time points?
How does the size of a dataset affect confounding in both randomised trials and observational studies?
Hidden Markov model (forward algorithm) in R
What is the effect of dichotomising variables?
What are alternatives to scatterplots when studying the relationship between two numeric variables?
How to interpret basic output from a regression analysis?
Are confidence intervals always symmetrical around the point estimate?
How do I compare d-prime scores for 2 different conditions for the same individual?
What is the best software for time series analysis and forecasting?
Best way to find non-randomness regions in these or similar count data?
Goniometer data analysis
Bootstrapping estimates of out-of-sample error
How to select best model out of linear, quadratic, and a model involving an exponential? Are the models nested?
Different F-ratios for within subjects effects when using SPSS and R's aov
Whether and how to perform VIF and Condition Index on formative measurement model?
Computing ridge regression with prior different from 0
Multiple linear regression on a data set with Python?
What is the variance of the weighted mixture of two gaussians?
Why would all the tests for normality reject the null hypothesis?
Interpreting the results of an analysis
Binary classifications problem where number of negative instances is much larger than number of positive instances
Calculating/approximating complete Mantel statistic from bootstrap estimates
Which type of regression to use, considering one variable with upper bound?
Semi-supervised learning, active learning and deep learning for classification
What are essential rules for designing and producing plots?
How to calculate overall rankings/ratings from many pairwise comparisons?
How to determine larger probability of drawing one element from a set when set size and number of draws with replacement vary?
Benefits on kernel trick and one related question
How to get the correlation between two large (sparse) matrices?
Is this mixed ANOVA correctly specified in R?
Understanding expectation of data points estimators
How to perform ANCOVA on mixed experimental design where covariate is one level of a condition using R?
What is a good index of the degree of violation of normality and what descriptive labels could be attached to that index?
What inter-rater reliability test is best for continous data with multiple measures?
How to control for firm survival and allow for different firm types to emerge?
How to interpret a 95% confidence interval of a proportion?
How can I get a significant overall ANOVA but no significant pairwise differences with Tukey's procedure?
Error with caret, using "out-of-bag" re-sampling
Fitting data based on an unobserved variable
Finding number of gaussians in a finite mixture with Wilks' theorem?
Book review of "A Practitioner's Guide to Resampling for Data Analysis, Data Mining and Modeling"
Does it make sense to regress the residuals with rep(0, N) vector?
Estimator for a binomial distribution
Why would I use ANOVA instead of a Rank-Sum test?
Why is gender typically coded 0/1 rather than 1/2, for example?
How to interpret  VIF and Condition Index for the purpose of assessing reliability of formative measures?
What are good resources providing a history of statistics?
What rules should guide scaling variables to maximise interpretation, particularly within a regression context?
Weighted regression for categorical variables
Reason for taking the mean of experimental observations
How to deal with outliers?
Does standardising independent variables reduce collinearity?
GMM with Bayes decision model
Are all ordinal attribute types nominal?
1-sample vs 2-sample test question
Does a huge difference in the number of observations in a dummy variable influence its regression result?
How can I test for trend across ordinal groups in Stata?
How to find a confidence interval for a contrast?
Finding expectation of reciprocal of sample mean
Is this a CUSUM limitation?
Measure of central tendency for an ex-gaussian distribution
Can median polish be used for hypothesis testing?
How to explain certain patterns appearing after kernel averaging?
Dummying a dataset in R in a vectorized manner
Interpreting percentage units regression 
How to measure the effect of users' participation in forums?
Software for drawing bayesian networks (graphical models)
Which kernel function for Watson Nadaraya classifier?
How to reduce question set of a poorly designed questionnaire?
Testing for validity of a formative measurement model
Is there always a maximizer for any MLE problem?
Why does post hoc test on pair of group means become significant when looking at subset of levels of factor in ANOVA?
p-value of 1.00 for a dichotomous predictor -- possible reasons for this oddity?
How to examine effect of time over four time points across two experimental conditions?
Why is AIC from multinom and corresponding glm different?
What test is suitable to calculate the correlation between two matrices of spatially distributed variables?
Are multiple comparisons corrections necessary for informal/visual "multiple comparisons"?
How to condition a point process to the actual sampling data?
What are the steps for Simulated Annealing (SA)?
How can I perform joint Schur decomposition or joint spectral decomposition?
Reading only two out of three columns with read.csv
Means of groups A and B differ significantly. I want to classify values into A or B
Is there a known MLE for the numerator df of a sample of F statistics?
Derive P(C | A+B) from Cox's two rules
A/B/C testing evaluation over time ans across groups
How to get started in data-relation algorithms and mathematics?
Using hypothesis-testing to identify misleading picture captions
Adding a line in a lmList confint plot
Plotting scatterplot with non-dominated front in R
How do you put values over a simple bar chart in Excel?
How to log transform Z-scores?
Testing simultaneous and lagged effects in longitudinal mixed models with time-varying covariates
What does k mean in AIC expression?
What descriptive statistics should be reported in tables and graphs when using Friedman's nonparametric test?
Order statistic expectations and the variance of the original distribution
How to detect outliers in randomForest regression models?
How can I add the values of some variables given in one data set by the nature of the variables given in another data sets?
Is the Kalman filter actually forecasting?
Variance of a marginal order distribution less than the variance of the full distribution?
Log squared error accuracy justification: data mining competition
What exactly does 'representative sample' refer to?
Is the variance of each group unknown in one-way ANOVA?
How to speed up clustering analysis in R?
A mixed model with gamma distribution: handling zeros
Why might the means estimated by GLM ANOVA differ from those calculated by hand?
Notation conventions for random variables and their distributions
How to estimate measurement error on  spatially autocorrelated gridded data when aggregating grid cells
If a sequence of distributions converges to a degenerate, does that imply the variance strictly decreases?
Bayesian statistics for the working scientist
local ordinal regressions
Asymptotics of the survival function for Anderson Darling distribution?
How do I adjust standard errors in a research study in which the control group is constructed via matching with replacement?
What methods of statistical analysis can be used for time series data?
Is Latin hypercube sampling effective in multiple dimensions?
Ideas for "lab notebook" software?
Plotting ECDF (empirical cumulative distribution frequencies) with R
A random censored regression problem?
Can you still use the least significant difference test even if the F test is not significant?
Summation representation for multivariate regressions (or other time-saving techniques)
Proper name for this distribution type
What is the procedure for a mixed effects analysis of covariance?
What distributions are for the slope and for the intercept in linear regression?
Proper ways to perform time series and ARIMA
Why would significance of F-value change in linear regression if you change the reference group?
How to understand degrees of freedom?
How to compute composite score of rank order variables?
Which link function for a regression when Y is continuous between 0 and 1?
How can I calculate proportion of variance of an aggregate time-series accounted for by the variance of a sub-series?
Is the term "Shannon filter" appropriate for a naive filter based on the Shannon information entropy of a data set?
Does the importance of the normality assumption in MANOVA decrease as sample size increases?
How do I transform a data generation specification in R into a BUGS/JAGS specification
Why is it bad to teach students that p-values are the probability that findings are due to chance?
Why do people use the term "weight of evidence" and how does it differ from "pointwise mutual information"?
How many data points to fit an ex-Gaussian distribution?
Difference between t-test and ANOVA in linear regression
Appropriate probability threshold for Jarque-Bera test
How to plot multiple loess curves in a xyplot panel data?
How to specify Bayesian mixed effects model in BUGS
How to detect structural change in a timeseries
Effective sample size for test of independence
How to sequence z-score creation and log transformation in an experiment with multiple groups and conditions?
How to plot multiple users' deviations from predictions of bandwidth consumption over time?
Computing per cent correctness from a bell curve
Can I use PCA to do variable selection for cluster analysis?
When can I suppress the intercept using treatreg?
How to interpret 95%CI's in conjunction with significance tests for differences between group means?
What is the difference between sample variance and sampling variance?
How to report general precision in estimating correlations within a context of justifying sample size?
Pearson correlation coefficient on multiple parameters
Why is the design effect in most sample studies taken as 1.25? 
How to set the seasonality length to 7 using the ets function in R?
Bootstrap variables correlation in R
Overcoming Excel size limit to analyse a large network usage data
Accuracy of a random classifier
Probability of continuous random variable
Why are all the spearman's rho correlations with one variable low when the other variables all have moderate correlations?
What causes standardised regression coefficients in a confirmatory factor analysis to be greater than one?
Interpretation of incidence-rate ratios
R's aov() vs STATISTICA and the ChickWeight data
Is it permissible to run post-hoc tests after a non-significant ANOVA?
One Bayes classifier to rule them all?
Variant of discriminant analysis for known multiple independent classifications?
Multiclass transductive SVM software package?
Proving a sequence decreases (supported by plotting a large number of pts)
Statistics on mathematical "data"?
How to calculate quartiles with only standard deviation and mean assuming normal distribution?
Can categorical data only take finitely or countably infinitely many values?
Single exponential smoothing
What are some standard practices for creating synthetic data sets?
Power for two sample t test
Comparing standard deviations between variables with very different ranges
Statistical analysis on categories before text classification
Generalize the usage of moments in method of moments?
Difference between bias-variance dilemma and overfitting
How to best save intermediate results computed from an R data.frame?
Explanation for R-squared as ratio of covariances and variances
How to test  a logistic regression model developed on a training sample on the data left out using R?
Estimate confidence interval of mean by bootstrap t method or simply by bootstrap?
What is a good resource that includes a comparison of the pros and cons of different classifiers?
How to identify suitable variables to assess confounding, mediation and effect modification?
Equivalence of Poisson and Weibull PH regression in a survival setting
Math Statistics Bell Curve Computing % correct given 2 numbers (C#)
Text classification with RapidMiner
Initialization and estimation in exponential smoothing
Completeness of tests based on a monotone likelihood ratio family
PCA and FA example - calculation of communalities
How to create a three dimensional matrix in matlab?
What are density and intensity of point pattern?
Simple relative frequency calculation, confusing wording
I know the probability of an outcome in a sample, how to apply to population?
Cluster similarity percentages with inverted Y-axis in R
Why efficiency matters?
Equivalent of Google spreadsheet's arrayformula in Excel
Measuring entropy/ information/ patterns of a 2d binary matrix
Should I run separate regressions for every community, or can community simply be a controlling variable in an aggregated model?
Classic linear model - model selection
How to visualize large amount of particles?
Category selection for text classification
Good practices when doing time series forecasting
Lift measure in data mining
Ordered logit in JAGS
Balls with weight in an urn
How can I make my R nls model more stable?
How to average Spearman correlations?
Statistical significance of genes associated with multiple phenotypes
What is an alternative to the book "Probability and Statistics" and covers the same material?
Why is there usually no correction for multiple comparisons in Bayesian statistics?
What are the cons of Bayesian analysis?
How to verify extremely low error rates
Is there a minimum data set for making classification decisions with Naïve Bayes?
Are there examples of R packages changing dramatically between version such that the results of a statistical function were significantly different?
Prediction intervals for a Poisson count (in R)
How to find when a graph reaches a peak and plateaus?
How can I find a measure of fit for two different sets of data?
How to edit features of a chart from SPSS in MS Word?
Can you compare p-values of Kolmogorov Smirnov tests of normality of two variables to say which is more normal?
A problem with two ways of calculating AIC
How many correlations are too many?
Do Julian day number handle timezone offset?
Problem printing greyscale or B&W ggplot2 images
Testing endogeneity against decision probability
Estimating a p-value when you can't compute it for the whole set
Is there a good reason for the name "Missing at Random"?
A good book with equal stress on theory and math
Chi square based measure for fairness?
Is there a reference that legitimises the use of the unpooled z-test to compare two proportions?
Interpreting exp(B) in multinomial logistic regression
Is dynamically increasing the sample size okay, if stated a priori?
General linear hypothesis test statistic: equivalence of two expressions
Usage of the Friedman test
Coordinate descent for binomial decision in elastic net for logistic regression
Estimating error from repeated measurements
Restricted mean residual life: Survival analysis: Discrete
L1 regression versus L2 regression
When over/under-sampling unbalanced classes, does maximizing accuracy differ from minimizing misclassification costs?
How to calculate a confidence Interval for a mean of subjects from two sessions?
What are the "hot algorithms" for machine learning?
Mean Survival Time: Comparison of Continuous and Discrete Time
Second moment of draws from a multivariate normal covariance matrix
How to explain linear mixed models to laypeople?
What test to use for overlapping categories
Vertical line graphs in R
Finding the distribution and/or fitting a model (to a biological problem)
Looking for correct distribution for modelling foosball scoring
How to develop intuition about parameter estimation in AR-GARCH model?
What is the lasso in regression analysis?
How to calculate mean and standard deviation of a count variable when the raw data is based on frequency categories?
Odd problem with a histogram in R with a relative frequency axis
Interpreting coefficients from a VECM (Vector Error Correction Model)
How to obtain detrended data and demeaned data in Stata?
What is the probability of observing not more than N positive outcomes
Examples of costly consequences from improper use of statistical tools
Is sequential Bayesian updating an option when using MCMC?
Compare modeled (fitted) paired data to actual data in forecasting problem (Excel sheet included)
Differences in coefficients
What does T statistics of information coefficient indicate?
PCA to decorrelate variables
Parametric modelling of variance of count data
Is my data distribution normal? (Tried Shapiro and Kolmogornov-Smirnov tests)
How do you plot interaction effects in SAS?
Hypothesis testing and total variation distance vs. Kullback-Leibler divergence
Estimating upper bound of uniform distribution from max of sample
Why proc mixed give different DF than proc glimmix?
Chi square statistic and contingency coefficients
Calculation of canonical link function in GLM
Simple exponential smoothing
If F = F1+F2 is some measured random field, how to find out if F2 has been correctly estimated and subtracted?
How to justify the error term in factorial ANOVA?
Mixing and dividing point processes
Determining the influential features for an outcome
Statistical test for multiple conditions and features with replicates
What statistical test to use to examine effect of condition on states over time?
What is the difference between generalized estimating equations and GLMM?
The prisoner paradox
How exactly does one “control for other variables”?
Guessing the appropriate 'distribution' of an observation to perform some form of sensitivity analysis
Is there a nonparametric equivalent of Tukey HSD?
How to perform factor and canonical correlation analysis on correlation matrices in R?
What is the difference between exponential and geometric distribution?
How to interpret  two standard deviations below the mean of a count variable being less than zero?
Analyzing the added effect of an individual variable having fitted one variable already, using a generalized linear model
How to examine differences between two groups across three different experimental conditions?
Is it appropriate to report means and standard deviations for composite scores?
Is there a non-parametric test, like a Kruskal-Wallis, but with uneven blocks?
How to condition a marked point processes?
The prestige magician paradox
Example of strong correlation coefficient with a high p value
Can data processing time be estimated?
How to choose best value of 2 parameters simultaneously?
Is a "split plot" ANOVA with two factors the same as two-way ANOVA with repeated measures in one factor?
How do I propagate error values through a matrix diagonalization?
Analysing group differences in average proportions
What are i.i.d. random variables?
Estimator of mu for gaussian variable with penalty
Data prep / variable creation for predictive models
How likely am I to be descended from a particular person born in the year 1300?
Covariate modeling with a within-subject factor
How does one express the decrease in minimal type II error bound for each observation added?
How to digest statistical context?
How to assess statistical significance of the accuracy of a classifier?
References for consulting statisticians to offer their clients
Number of parameters for discrete Bayes network?
What are the modeling approaches in this cartoon?
Different ways to calculate conditional probability of independent events
What reference can I cite for the proof that the sum of n exponential variables follows a gamma distribution?
A mathematical formula for K-fold cross-validation prediction error?
Logistic regression with LBFGS solver
What is the distribution of norm induced by an inverse Wishart?
How to know which variables are more important in a process?
Circular/elliptical tests for datasets with magnitude and direction
How to test unit root in a timeseries with unknown structural change?
Comparing order of observed outcomes to predicted order
Non-parametric test with several confounding factors
How do you report Kruskal Wallis one way analysis of variance and post hoc results following APA 6th standards?
Approximating integrals using Monte Carlo simulation in R
What is the best way to visualize a single numeric variable as a heatmap?
Mismatch between significant variables from logistic regression and tree splits in R
Correlating time stamps
Signal extraction problem: conditional expectation of one item in sum of independent normal RVs
How to report correlation between two variables across multiple groups in a table?
How to plot results from text mining (e.g. classification or clustering)?
How can I sample from a log transformed distribution using uniform distribution?
Detecting changes in distribution of multiple variables
How to do ROC-analysis in R with a Cox model
Are the products of dependent and independent random variables independent?
Test to prove two means do not have a difference
Basic descriptive statistics on an irregular data set
Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample $p$-values
How do you calculate variable importance p-values using the randomForest package in R?
Calculating linear regression from limited information
Two-way unsupervised learning
Assessing peaks in time series of cell signal data
How to figure out the behind concept of statistical-look problems?
How to interpret a predictor with a positive structure coefficient and a negative standardised coefficient in discriminant function analysis?
Random walk with momentum
Validating a model for a set of DNA sequences
Finding x percentile in a graph 
Proper use and interpretation of zero-inflated gamma models
Error while using dlmModReg
Putting limits on estimated coefficient values
Sampling from kNN density estimate
How is ARMA/ARIMA related to mixed effects modeling?
Figuring out probabilities with Hidden Markov Models
Understanding "variance" intuitively
Is there an algorithmic way to check if a dataset oscillates?
Standard error of measurement versus minimum detectable change
NAs in summary of linear model generated from significant genes for continuous response variable identified using SAM
What is the equivalent confidence interval for a directional hypotheses?
I have 3 dimension reduction methods and 3 classifiers, how to select the best combination?
Normalizing error variance scale
Choosing the best model from among different "best" models
How to store the standard errors with the lm() function in R?
How to model the size of a trade area?
Stopping rule for chi-squared discretization algorithm
Mapping discrete variables
Significance testing or cross validation?
Assumptions needed for multiple linear regression
Computing Mallows' Cp with SAS
Using Fourier analysis to check if data is oscillating
What's so 'moment' about 'moments' of a probability distribution?
Correlate heuristic metrics with future true performance
Scripts for Mixed-Effects Models in S and S-PLUS
Is it enough to check residuals versus predicted values when assessing linearity assumption in multiple regression?
Caret re-sampling methods
So how would you include Bayesian estimates in a meta-analysis?
How to compare Harrell C-index from different models in survival analysis?
How to use stata for linear regression
How does number of observations supporting alternate hypothesis on a test of a variance have to scale so that null is rejected?
Cross validation with two parameters: elastic net case
GDA and LDA terminology
Literature on the algorithm for optimal splitting in the growing of classification trees
Does my multilevel modelling create false replication and spurious precision at the highest level?
What can I do beyond Pearson correlation?
Assumptions for robust linear regression, specifically ANCOVA type models
Designing an inference engine for unknown items with known probabilities
How to detect a significant change in time series data due to a "policy" change?
When to drop a term from a regression model?
Subsample of a random sample: random sample?
How to describe a test of differences between correlation of the same two variables across two groups?
Random matrices with constraints on row and column length
Do expits reveal effect sizes with logistic regression?
Confidence intervals for difference in time series
How should I organize my poster presentation?
Test statistic and null rejection of independence in normalized redundancy, as implemented and automated in Python
Overcoming memory constraints in rpart?
Converting time to readable form in R
Simulating continuous distribution using discrete distribution
What is this method for seasonal adjustment calculation?
What are some useful data visualisation or data mining techniques to investigate horse racing forms?
Quantile regression in JAGS
Reporting results of simple linear regression: what information to include?
Find outlier in time domain dataset
Compressing data using wavelets with R
Random coefficient models with fractional polynomial transformation selection method, which criterion to use?
Distribution of the size of overlap between two random samples with duplicates?
Effect size measure for doubly-repeated measures design?
How would you analyse this problem?
Significance test on the difference of Spearman's correlation coefficient
Computing confidence intervals for count data
How to find the expectation of $X_1X_2$ given $X_1$ and $X_2$ are i.i.d. normal?
How to calculate correlation between consumers according their multi-aspect and overall rating?
How to show that an estimator is consistent?
Optimal basis for regression problem
Weighted mean of two 2D Gaussian random variables
Why does ridge regression classifier work quite well for text classification?
Parallel solving Ax=b?
Is it valid to model discrete numerical test scores as coming from a continuous random variable?
Feature selection with k-fold cross-validated least angle regression
Determining how well given real-life data fits to a given probability distribution
How should one control for group and individual differences in pre-treatment scores in a randomised controlled trial?
How to get continuous surface from collection of data points?
Writing a Monte Carlo simulation in R
Sidak correction
Standard error of sample standard deviation of proportions
Visualize sets and their connections
Can the percentages in a pie chart add up to more than $100\%$ and the data or analyses will still make sense (or be logical)?
How to compute $\mathbb P( 3 X_{(1)} \geq X_{(2)}+X_{(3)})$ for order statistics of a uniform distribution?
What is the correlation of [1,2,3] and [1,5,7] to 8 decimal digits?
What are the sampling distributions of higher moments of the normal distribution?
Why would concatenating feature vectors lead to better estimates?
p value correlation for random vectors in R
Dashed lines in ACF plot in R
Does cross validation work with asymmetric loss functions?
Consistency of the learning process
Maximization of overall hit rate
How to demonstrate failure of CLT in R?
How to cluster longitudinal variables?
What is the difference between estimation and prediction?
What is the probability of a team winning many golf tournaments when conducted with handicaps (i.e., has sandbagging occurred)?
Derivation of closed form lasso solution
Estimating parameters in a model with a periodic design parameter
Functions for regression diagnostics on mer objects in R
What  causes loss of power in hypothesis testing?
How to find P(X > F) in ANOVA F-test?
Level change and trend change in the interrupted time series regression, does collinearity matters?
What quantity can be used to robustly estimate a specific (dimensionless) variation (variance) of a sequence?
Is goodness of fit needed for regression models when interpreted causally?
What is the distribution of the sum of independent normal variables?
How to compare two groups when there are many outcome variables?
Optimal data structure for 2-way repeated measures ANOVA
Fit a robust regression line using an MM-estimator in R
Is it possible to use the caret package in R with non-numerical data? 
How to interpret regression coefficients in a log-log model
Sum of subpopulation estimates not equal to estimate of total. Is this correct?
Balancing a skewed dataset in R
Multiple comparisons for parameter significance in a sparse high dimensional regression model
Text feature vector extraction
Comparing sample covariance matrices to a model
How to find weekly sum from daily data in SAS?
How to make waffle charts in R?
How to pick coefficients for Holt Winters?
Investigate change in mean levels of risk within a service- alternative to unbalanced repeated measures ANOVA
Is it legal to publish the code of a published algorithm?
Hosting options for publicly available data
R code for estimating a Poisson parameter and its CI?
How can I (or should I) test that observation A tends to be greater than observation B for each subject?
Cross validation for a biased estimator of a Gaussian mean
What is the basis for adjusting critical values in multiple t-tests?
Finding standard error of price elasticity
What is a good reference for compound Poisson processes?
Creating an estimator with varying shock levels (SD) in R?
I want to combine many representative surveys in my analysis. What should I know?
If random variables are drawn from an identical distribution, why doesn't this guarantee they are independent?
the relationship between statistics and probability
Z score transformation for testing group differences in correlations
Probability of accidentally producing significant results
Correct way of testing machine learning against random data
Hypothesis testing and significance for time series
What are other good ways of finding out the degree of similarity between lists?
What is the difference between N and N-1 in calculating population variance?
How does normalization reduce dimensionality of data?
Ziliak (2011) opposes the use of p-values and mentions some alternatives; what are they?
Looking for mathematical account of ANOVA
Summing values of state transitions accumulated in an absorbing Markov chain
One standard error rule for variable selection
Interpretation problems with hypothesis testing 
Model selection in SAS surveyreg analysis of complex surveys
Quasibinomial vs negative binomial and hurdles
Estimation of X in Gaussian noise
Cloud computing platforms for machine learning
How do you use in sample error estimator in regression?
Heatmap for co-localization of factors in a set of clusters?
Calculating forecast error with time series cross-validation
How to shape a distribution?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation question - minimum log likelihood
How to deal with a non-gaussian distribution & heteroscedasticity
Expected value of the reciprocal of a random variable
Sampling distribution is skewed in a fully Bayesian inference of MCMC in Cox PH models
Vikneswaran's R companion to experimental design data set
Probability of circles intersecting
SVM with unequal group sizes in training data
Interpreting as much data from a single statistical value
Correlation significancy measure for multiple predictions
ANOVA or other test for summed data
Bayesian estimators
Selecting a model for predicting a multinomial response from multinomial data
Problem with Poisson distribution
Constrain decision boundary to fall on grid lines in multiple class logistic regression
Independent variables in ordinal logistic regression
Can it be valid to standardize non-normal data going into a PCA?
Why is my probit analysis resulting in numbers outside 0 and 1?
Standard deviation of error from leave one out
Should the distribution of composite scores be normally distributed?
OLS regression from first principles
Problem with zero epsilon value for Kalman filter
Meaning of risk
Degrees of freedom for Kuiper's Test of uniformity
Is VAR a MANOVA with auto regression?
How to convert a vector of enumerable strings into a vector of numbers?
Contrast to ANOVA with interaction term
Is there a way to test whether risk is the same for multiple groups?
Generating all possible unique combinations of dataset with two variables
How to compare the results of a leave-one-out strategy?
Difference in implementation of binary splits in decision trees
Contrasts to ANOVA in R
How do you make a $10 \times 2$ $\chi^2$ table in SAS?
Levels of variable and $\chi^2$
Looking for formalization of the idea of low-variance predictors
If correlation doesn't imply causality then what's the value of knowing the correlation between two variables?
Data and model blocks in JAGS
Comparison of areas under curves
Desired effect size vs. expected effect size
How to select kernel for SVM?
Is there a method to check the homogeneity of variance of a single time series?
What are the top statistic conferences to follow for applications in machine learning?
Interpreting probit results in Stata 
Transformation to fit gamma distribution for glm
Odds ratios question
Identifying culs-de-sac (circular housing arrangements) with GIS data
How to relate the variance of a joint bivariate normal distribution to the variance of a single normal distribution?
Why is a projection matrix of an orthogonal projection symmetric?
Number of independent samples for weighted samples?
How would you explain covariance to someone who understands only the mean?
Linear statistic for measuring association in the party R package
Intervention analysis in time-series regression with seasonal ARIMA errors
General approach for non-parametric two-way ANOVA
Cointegration and correlation
Getting spline coefficients in R
How would you explain the difference between correlation and covariance?
Collinearity between categorical variables
Ties in the data
Intraclass correlation (ICC) for an interaction?
Textbooks on the numerical solution of stochastic differential equations
Visualization of a nondirected graph with nodes in specific positions
Simple distance measure for financial time series
Interrupted time-series analysis for panel data
Best way to interactively guide a remote statistical session, for a computer without admin access?
Goodness-of-fit test without analytical PDF and CDF
Odds ratio interpretation
How do the Goodman-Kruskal gamma and the Kendall tau or Spearman rho correlations compare?
How do you compare OR between different groups using SAS?
Is machine learning less useful for understanding causality, thus less interesting for social science?
How do you predict a response category given an ordinal logistic regression model?
Predictive power (or $R^2$) adjusted for certain variables
Is ANOVA good for non-normally distributed series?
Proper way to analyse purchase data
Use of a negative binomial model for fitting alternative splicing event
Multiple determination in terms of simple determination
Selecting regression type for Dickey-Fuller test
Testing normality and independence of time series residuals
What is the difference between test to check homogenity of variance and ANOVA?
Analysis of multimodal metric response variables linked to a categorical variable
Odds ratio terminology
Analysis strategy using market indicators and trading systems
Methods to predict multiple dependent variables
Distribution of the difference of two independent uniform variables, truncated at 0
Cumulative Distribution Function problems
How do I analyse data with a ceiling effect?
Generating random numbers based on 'rule-of-thumb' proportions
Statistical test suitable for small dataset (n=25)
Binomial regression with penalized ML
How to calculate perplexity of a holdout with Latent Dirichlet Allocation?
Hypothesis testing for mean
Computing probability from the Poisson distribution
Measuring accuracy of a logistic regression-based model
Distribution of starting points for blocks within DNA
Compute expected standard deviation from proportion data
How to compute simulated differences of means repetitively?
How to implement SIRS model?
Is it accurate to say that all the Null Hypothesis states is the absence of a significant difference between sets of data?
How to calculate all the combinations in R?
How to interpret coefficient standard errors in linear regression?
Origin of the Naïve Bayes classifier?
Why is variable selection necessary?
Relation between confidence interval and testing statistical hypothesis for t-test
Dealing with nuisance variables in a MANOVA situation
What does Jaynes' continous pdf notation "g(x)dx" actually mean?
Calculate regression parameters by hand
Plotting regression predictors
What are the predicted values returned by the predict() function in R when using original data as input?
Predicted by residual plot in R
Characterizing periodicity level of signal
Chi-squared goodness-of-fit statistic if expected frequency is zero
What method to test if the mean is constant?
Assessing logistic regression models
Rules of thumb for creating composite scales
Hypothesis testing involving pathological distributions
Truncating a posterior predictive distribution in JAGS
Plain English explanation of Bernoulli mixture models?
Algorithms to find most frequent data
Simulated annealing and k-means
Adjusting performance by opponent skill level in a simple contest
How to calculate confidence and prediction bands for a linear regression using Mathematica?
What data and statistics skills are currently in high demand and where are they in high demand?
Transform log posteriors to the original posteriors
Half-normal distributed DV in generalized linear model
What to read from the autocorrelation function of a time series?
Why the CDF for the Normal Distribution can not be expressed as a closed form function?
How to test asymmetry?
How to analyse data on metric space?
Can I use log-likelihood distance on data of only continuous variables?
What does "equal a priori class probabilities" mean?
Controlled experiment with binary outcome variable
How to compute mean vector and covariance matrix of equal distributions?
Likelihood ratio test
Dummy coding in SAS
How could I confirm if the time series is stationary?
Device age vs. downtime relationship
Fitting a multivariate ARIMA model with R
Decision boundaries and Gaussian density functions
When to transform predictor variables when doing multiple regression?
Confidence set for parameter vector in linear regression
Displaying multiple conditional distributions using lattice
Non-parametric multilevel analysis in SPSS
What is the correlation if the standard deviation of one variable is 0?
Fancy detrending of time series
How to analyze the volatility with GARCH?
Differences between cross validation and bootstrapping to estimate the prediction error
How to sample randomly from a population?
Large number of correlations with MRI region of interest (ROI) variables: What adjustment should I perform?
Can odds ratios increase if you include more variables?
What’s the most appropriate statistical analysis to compare predictions to observations?
R: looking for "time" clusters in a data set
multicollinearity question, X and X change score
Odd error with caret function rfe
Are HAC estimators used for estimation of regression coefficients?
Test if two measurements come from normal distributions with the same mean?
Identifying significantly different groups in a logistic regression model
How to compare the variability of two measures from meta analysis?
Why is an L1-estimator a special case of an M-estimator?
How to fit an ARIMAX-model with R?
Is it ok to bin residuals before examining them?
Effect size interpretation
Expectation of length of a confidence interval
Analysing a target based trial
Target motion analysis with support vector machines 
R sparse smoothing splines
Dimension reduction issues in self-organizing maps (SOM)
Kalman smoothing of returns vs. prices with dlmSmooth in R's dlm package?
What's the difference between dlmSmooth and dlmFilter in R's dlm package?
Mixed model specification in R
How to calculate the difference of two slopes?
Determining the confidence interval for a non-normal distribution
Fitting generalized linear model with covariate
Significant interaction in linear model with Pearson r as possible explanation
Why don't I get the p-value doing an ANOVA test?
What is the difference between spatial dependence and spatial heterogeneity?
Using coefficient estimates and standard errors to assess significance
Two samples of the same distribution
Sample skew in a known skewed population
I'm sampling a population, looking for a small proportion of individuals
"On/off problem" resources
How can I compare two classifications?
What type of data analysis (ANOVA) should I run on this experiment? 
ANOVA for binomially-distributed data
How can the F distribution be used, other than for hypothesis testing and confidence interval estimation?
Formula symbols for mixed model using lme4
Pre-PCA pooling in R
Experimental evidence supporting Tufte-style visualizations?
What is a good source to learn about multidimensional scaling?
How do you calculate the probability density function of the maximum of a sample of IID uniform random variables?
R-squared: X "explains" the percentage of variation of the Y values. Does axis order matter?
HMMs in protein or NA sequence alignments
Does a univariate random variable's mean always equal the integral of its quantile function?
Effective cutoff frequency for LOESS smoothing
Reporting $R^2$
Is there any statistical test that is parametric and non-parametric?
Statistics for online dating sites
Is there a Bayesian equivalent to a Wald-Wolfowitz runs test?
Statistical significance in Excel
How do you perform the likelihood ratio test in SAS?
What algorithm could be used to predict consumables usage given data from past purchases?
How to do piecewise linear regression with multiple unknown knots?
Connection between bootstrap (both parametric and non-parametric) and maximum likelihood
Predicting response from new curves using fda package in R
Two questions on significance testing
Tests of independence in contingency tables
Interpreting error when trying to import dta file in R
Interpretation of log transformed predictor and/or response
Growing hierarchical self-organizing maps
How to simulate binomial mixed effects data?
Endogenous instruments in IV 2SLS regression in Stata
Tukey-Kramer test
Incidence rate ratios (Stata vs R)
A question on Poisson distribution
Go from cluster to random forest
Data analysis for mixed within-subjects/between-subjects design?
Computing inter-rater reliability in R with variable number of ratings?
Testing for the existence of dependencies in time series
Predicting outlier series in Kalman filter
Using Beta to interpret interaction in general linear model
Why do AIC and BIC show inversed outputs?
Significance testing on weight of people from 2 populations given their height
Is there a way to compare linear regression slopes by permutation tests?
Automating tree-based classification by using different subset of attributes
Kenward-Roger correction applied to $t$-test in LME
Find probability density intervals
How to compare 2 non-stationary time series to determine a correlation?
Numerical accuracy of multivariate normal distribution
Statistical methods for analyzing symptoms correlation with nutrients
State of the art method(s) to find zero mean portions of a time series
How do I parameterize a Weibull distribution in JAGS / BUGS?
Fisher's exact test in R
Estimating random effects and applying user defined correlation/covariance structure with R lme4 or nlme package
Is it possible to compare multiple proportions in subdata sets?
Tuning the birthday paradox
Machine learning algorithms for context-based relevancy scoring
Time dependent coefficients in R - how to do it?
Computational intelligence-based methods for time series forecasting?
Using R's aov() for two-way repeated-measurement ANOVA
How to differentiate hype from word of mouth in Google Trends?
Evaluation methods for personalized recommendation
Time series with same variables but different respondents
Bayesian rank of game characters
Comparable salary in a different city calculations
Can the standard deviation of non-negative data exceed the mean?
Poisson regression to estimate relative risk for binary outcomes
Statistical significance of betas in linear regression
PACF manual calculation
How can I calculate margin of error in a NPS (Net Promoter Score) result?
How do I use cluster analysis in creating a model?
Where to find "Incumbent party margin of victory data"?
Does it make sense to study plots of residuals with respect to the dependent variable?
Function to convert arithmetic to log-based covariance matrix?
Principal component analysis before nearest neighbor search
Attractive pairwise interaction point process
Explanation of "covariate" in general linear model in SPSS
Data structures and libraries for high dimensional text analysis with R
Can I do a PCA on repeated measures for data reduction?
Maximum value of coefficient of variation for bounded data set
Is there a term for min + (max - min) / 2?
General linear model with interaction term in SPSS
Model Selection: Logistic Regression
An estimation problem in GPS tracking
How to compare two power law distributions?
Histogram/distribution fitting for this dataset with unequal and open-ended intervals?
How to get the difference of two numbers (standard deviation)?
What happens if the full model has the smallest AIC?
Neural network  model to predict treatment outcome 
Mean and variance of a zero-inflated Poisson distribution
Formally speaking, is converting some variable into a per capita measure a transformation?
Need an example of RV with a mean and no second moment
If the n(th) moment exists does it mean all smaller moments exist too?
Monte Carlo simulation for VaR estimation using R
Looking for a reference to a famous quotation about precision of numbers
Lasso modification for LARS
Estimating kappa of von Mises distribution
Significant interaction between covariate and factor in SPSS GLM
Back-transformation and interpretation of $\log(X+1)$ estimates in multiple linear regression
How to understand if the variance is constant reading GARCH model output?
Learning to create samples from an unknown distribution
Why to use fixed regressor in Breusch-Pagan?
Correlation of categories
Using statistical significance test to validate cluster analysis results
How do I compare bootstrapped regression slopes?
lme4 or other open source R package code equivalent to asreml-R
What is a normal distribution with 'common variance'?
Dice probability for Yahtzee large straight
How can I compare my model to a technically invalid model?
what mean a p-value above 0.05 doing an ANOVA?
Algorithms for predicting a couple points in the future
If a factor variable is to be dropped in model selection, should all levels be dropped simultaneously? If so, why?
Can the AICc (corrected Akaike information criterion) measure be used for post-hoc analysis?
Hosmer-Lemeshow vs AIC for logistic regression
What does "to center two IVs" mean in the context of an interaction?
Sample size to determine if success proportion is zero
What does an ACF graph tell me that a PACF graph doesn't?
Odds for my opponent having the Ace in the card game Pitch if I have the King
SAS Proc Arima - DF, ADF, SIC, AIC, autocorrelation in residuals
When is there a representer theorem?
SPSS syntax to produce two-tailed test for regression
ANOVA with dependent variable(s) as 2-dimensional distribution? Is it possible?
How can I create nice graphs automatically?
What to do when weak classifiers are almost identical in AdaBoost?
Classification model for movie rating prediction
How to analyze responses to a survey involving rating 5 factors on a scale of 1-100?
Hosmer-Lemeshow test vs. likelihood ratio test
Show series of exponential decay distributions in one chart
How can we detect trend in a time series apart from visual observation of time plots?
How to get information from a probability distribution table?
Statistical significance of a survey/poll?
Data sets and problems for learning hypothesis testing
Dickey Fuller test
How to correctly describe measurement variation (over multiple repetitions)
Presenting marginal effects of logit with fixed effects
Increasing number of features results in accuracy drop but prec/recall increase
How to treat holidays when working with time series data?
Incremental IDF (Inverse Document Frequency)
Why is the Poisson distribution chosen to model arrival processes in Queueing theory problems?
Scoring new observations after cross-validation
Where to find raw data about clinical trials?
What is the average expectation value of two specific objects in a queue?
How to predict a binary outcome with unbalanced repeated measures data?
Describe the distribution - too few data points
How to obtain the inverse of the F cumulative distribution based on the F cumulative distribution?
When (and why) should you take the log of a distribution (of numbers)?
Is there any stochastic method to  approximate the likelihood?
"Moderation" versus "interaction"?
How to test for association between proportions with multiple variables?
H-L Test: Looking at the data
Issues with the Huynh-Feldt values using either Anova or ezANOVA in R?
What are subjective interestingness measures?
Is cross validation a proper substitute for validation set?
Draw surface graph
Reusing past MCMC samples from a similar distribution
Understanding summations in COV formula for time series
Why aren't all tests scored via item analysis/response theory?
How to deal with identical p-values with the Benjamini-Hochberg method for correcting for multiple testing
Graphing versus further testing interactions
What is the intuition behind the score function?
"Brute force" expected deviance for logistic regression?
How best to represent a web app's usage?
How to interpret coefficients from a GARCH model?
How do I calculate projected figures for the next year based on past performance?
Why is semipartial correlation cited so seldom?
Likelihood ratio tests
How to calculate a confidence interval for Spearman's rank correlation?
Understanding MANOVA in case of a single predictor
Bagging, boosting and stacking in machine learning
Missing daily data for one month
Practical thoughts on explanatory vs predictive modeling
Combining n-grams
AR process invertibility and stationarity conditions
Where to find a large text corpus?
Pointwise mutual information for tag generation in Twitter
How to collapse ordinal variable values into significant different values?
How to deal with information of variable length?
How to derive a distance function based on multiple variables for cluster analysis?
Correlation versus cause-effect regression
How do I handle predictor variables from different distributions in logistic regression?
Light bulb color problem
Math behind multivariate testing for website optimization
Continuous-states hidden Markov chain
Can one force randomness in a sample?
Transformation for stabilizing variance in time series
Obtaining final classifier in RTextTools
Adjusting for tilt of the earth
How to make a randomForest algorithm cost-sensitive?
Which are the most effective methods for selecting independent variables?
How to test changes in call volume over time?
Difference among bias, systematic bias, and systematic error?
Metrics of datasets?
The means are statistically equal
Sample size for cluster analysis
Mean of one group vs. the rest of the sample
Are real and imaginary components of frequency element of fft correlated?
Cross Validation for mixed models?
Drawing from a conditional density
Book for reading before Elements of Statistical Learning?
Proof for a binomial equation
Forecasting a "chaotic" time series
Binary classification of DNA sequence motifs
A robust R package to do MCMC and Gibbs sampling
Do null and alternative hypotheses have to be exhaustive or not?
Solving a system of equation involving the chi-square distribution
Log-likelihood ratio in document summarization
Prior of multivariate Polya distribution?
Finding median survival time from survival function
Proportional hazards assumption
Objections to randomization
How to devise a relationship matrix without diagonal constant when fitting mixed model in R?
How can I estimate unique occurrence counts from a random sampling of data?
How can I predict a discrete feature using regression?
Minimum number of observations per variable for linear regression or MARS model
Comparing original variables with characteristic values of diagonalized variance-covariance matrix
Similar sum of squares in GLM
What is the P(A|C) if we know B depends on A and C depends on B?
Interpretation of results from linear model predictions
How to draw random samples from a negative binomial distribution in R?
Can hazard ratios be undefined?
SVM parameter selection
What is the difference between test set and validation set?
Good resources about reversible-jump MCMC sampler in R
Is Naive Bayes fine for simple "Suggested products" solution?
ANCOVA with repeated measures in R
Calculating  sample mean and sample variance on all samples vs distinct subsets
Goodness of fit of sorted data
Does random effects allow me to do repeated measures?
Whether to report untransformed data when performing ANOVA on transformed data?
In spatial regression, what is a spherical autocorrelation structure?
How to report  Games-Howell post hoc tests following ANOVA?
Rate changes over time
I am looking for a methodology for categorizing keywords
How auto.arima works?
How to calculate OR and confidence interval for two binary explanatory variables with interaction
How to apply unsupervised classification to spatial data
In practice how is the random effects covariance matrix calculated in a mixed effects model?
One sided Chebyshev inequality for higher moment
SAS Code for Survival Analysis
Is there a graphical representation of bias-variance tradeoff in linear regression?
How to statistically compare two time series?
We're trying to analyze which monsters drop what in an MMO
Reporting non-causal relationships
Casting multidimensional data in R into a data frame
How do I sort an ordinal list of user-generated ratings data?
Calculating the Standard Error of the Mean (SEM) of a sample from the SEMs of two subsets of that sample
Notation for nested factors that are random variables in R
Sample size for a variable number of answers
Is there a corpus specifically for categories like sports, entertainment, or health?
Nearest neighbor where several vectors have exact same values
Tobit model explanation
What is the distribution of $Y$ given that $Y\sim F(\nu_1, \nu_2)\times 2$?
Is it possible to specify a lmer model without any fixed effects?
Testing for confounding
How do I interpret conflicting results from adf.test and pp.test in R?
Removing human evaluator bias
Expected number of unseen cards when drawing $2n$ cards from a deck of size $n$
Can chi-square test be performed on data that does not have normal or gaussian distribution?
Generating data to follow given variogram 
How should I fit heteroskedasticity by group?
Counting distinct elements when memory is limited
Comparing accuracy of polling companies in multi-party system
Comparing words in 2 corpora to find significant differences
Reference for generalized linear mixed models using Laplace approximation
Data preparation for logistic regression
Extended binomial distribution
Generating random matrices with specific equality constraints
Adjusting existing algorithm - likelihood for presence-only data
Why do these 2 approaches to applying mixed models yield different results?
How do you plot survival functions for specific values of covariates in SAS?
What happens if a survival curve doesn't reach 0.5?
Why bother with the dual problem when fitting SVM?
Cramer-Rao lower bound questions
What to do when some time points have heavily skewed responses and some do not in a repeated measures study?
Explaining two-tailed tests
How to test which combination of product attributes generates better sales performance?
What does the tests of "scale" check?
Finding top n across multiple sets
How to add symbols on smooth lines in a R's lattice xyplot?
Generate separate plots for each group of records in dataset
Comparing arrival rate distributions
Variables are often adjusted (e.g. standardised) before making a model - when is this a good idea, and when is it a bad one?
Sophisticated models for classifying short pieces of texts
Combining machine learning models
Which statistical classification algorithm can predict true/false for a sequence of inputs?
Possible extensions to the default diagnostic plots for lm (in R and in general)?
Chi Square for this case?
About interpretation of the results of quantile regression
How to formally test for a "break" in a normal (or other) distribution
Fitting a continuous result to categorical predictors semiparametrically
If I take n-standard deviations of my data what would be my confidence level with the estimate?
Visualize effects of hurdles on user numbers
Uncertainties on parameters from maximum likelihood fitting
Associating a probability to disease propagation in regions of a map
How can I display a survival curve with right censoring marks?
Calculating mutual Information
Multi-dimensional goodness of fit
How is election fraud by ballot stuffing possible?
Deciphering output from R2WinBUGS
Different ways to write interaction terms in lm?
Likelihood of errors based on a sample
Correlation matrix
Bivariate Gamma distribution PDF
Reporting main effects and interaction from ANOVA
What diagnostic plots exists for quantile regression?
Validation of data partitioning
One component in PCA is always the mean vector in two-dimensions but not three
Can the sample size of subgroups influence significance of correlations?
Multi-sample nonparametric test for matched data
Two-way ANOVA main effect and interaction query
Building background for machine learning for CS student
Time-varying linear regression
What are advantages of multi-point statistics compared to variogram?
Odds that the jack of trump dealt 46% of time in pitch
LaTeX output for R's summary.lm object - while displaying the information outside the table
Can I trust a regression if variables are autocorrelated?
Why the infrequent use of machine learning techniques in translational biomedicine?
What kind of statistical method do I need for comparing element concentrations?
How to compute an exponentially weighted covariance matrix function in R?
Bootstrap-based confidence interval
Independent variables formulas in multiple regression
Cubic and linear relationships in multiple regression model
Mann-Kendall trend test
How to calculate overall standard deviation from standard deviation of sub-periods?
Learning probability and statistics together
Forecast next time series in R predict value
Understanding similarity sensitive hashing algorithm in AdaBoost
How to interpret results from R anova in quantile regression?
An estimator for a histogram/summation based calculation
Creating two random sequences with $50\%$ correlation?
What does "arrived at linear multiple regression models" mean?
Detecting a peak in an averaged profile
Do I use non-normalized or normalized fft output from R to compute phase angle?
Creating a plot with boxplots ranked by quantiles in R
Cross validating one-against-all SVMs
How to analyze an unbalanced within-subject ANOVA design?
What is the difference between 2x2 factorial design experiment and a 2-way ANOVA?
Convex loss optimization and supervised learning
Independent variables prep in multiple linear regression
Sampling plan for a large data set showing a given pattern
Differences and connections among different machine learning methods
Run-time analysis of common machine learning algorithms
Given my networks of friends - can I detect my most "Central" friends?
Does an exact test always yield a higher P value then an approximated test?
Scaling data that are on different orders of magnitude for plotting
Over enthusiastic MANOVA in R
About P-value for ARIMA in R
Estimating joint distributions using copula package in R
Steady state probabilities for a continuous-time Markov chain
Regression to remove consecutive effects
How to model the relationship between geocoded and ungeocoded sales data?
Influences of scored/weighted ratings
Application of Hidden Markov Model to CRM
Optimal importance sampling with ratio estimator
Multilevel Meta-analysis with several treatments
Measuring 'synchrony' with time series correlations
Expected value of expression involving multinomial random variables and Heaviside step function of said variables
Convergence requirement of Parzen window estimates
How to best analyze non-mutually-exclusive categorical outcome with categorical predictor and categorical blocking factors?
Violation of normality assumption
How can I censor entries at failure or an exit age in Stata?
How can I transform a column into date format?
What is a good modern task load measurement?
How to handle outliers in GARCH model?
Finding a minimum variance unbiased (linear) estimator
Using dmnorm in JAGS
Are those two models equals?
Why does R coerce a one dimensional data frame result to a vector? (and how can I stop it?)
multiple continuous independent variables, single dependent var: which analysis?
Does Weka have an online API?
AB Testing other factors besides conversion rate
Is there a name for this statistic? What type of distances it is measuring between two data sets?
Multi-level beta regression package for R?
Statistical test for difference between two proportions?
Choice Problem of (p,d,q) order for ARIMA
Appropriate sample statistics to provide a reliable estimator for an Erlang-like parent population
How the Pearson's Chi Squared Test works
Need for centering and standardizing data in regression
What are the assumptions (and H0) for Wilcoxon signed-rank test?
Simpson's paradox or confounding?
Mann-Kendall trend test minimum lenght of the time-series
What transfer function should I use to model a gradual permanent step positive intervention with increasing rate of growth?
Best practices when treating range data as continuous
Simultaneous confidence interval for multiple proportions in R
Visualising successive proportions
Asynchronous data stream matching
How do I get the AIC value out from a forecast object in R?
Univariate time series forecasting based on auto.arima 
Defining norm of a matrix of MFCC coefficients
Kolmogorv Smirnov Test in R
Finding degree of polynomial in regression analysis
Quantifying effect of a categorical variable in time series analysis
How to apply an AR(MA) model to a prewhitened signal?
Multiple comparisons with ANOVA including one between and one within-subject effect
What might be a clear, practical definition for a "family of hypotheses" (with respect to familywise error rate)?
Variance of the reciprocal II
What is the null hypothesis in the Mann-Whitney test?
How to test homoscedasticity when the errors are DEPENDENT?
Why does the Breusch-Pagan test fail?
Factor analysis on binary data and summated scales
Best statistical method for analysing a single clubs football (soccer) results
Sequential Monte Carlo (particle filter) with Metropolis-Hastings weighting
How do I decide whether to use the Wald or F-test in testing the significance of slope coefficient?
Multiple mediation analysis in R
Adjusting kappa inter-rater agreement for prevalence
Twitter data and regression time series
Advice on a good production level SPC (statistical process control) package?
Readdressing the semantics of multivariate and multivariable analysis
What is the point of singular value decomposition?
Mice function in R freezing
Overmatching bias and confounding variables
Recurrent neural networks in R
How to write a multinomial logit model as a generalized linear model?
Calculate frequency of 1D time series using autoregressive model parameters
Usual regression vs. regression when variables are differenced
Updating "support" or "range" in transformation variable
Quick reference for statistics
More details on bootstrap procedure to estimate confidence interval of sample SD
Using control variates & antithetic method with Monte Carlo
Change detection algorithm - likelihood ratio
Which is a better cost function for a random forest tree: Gini index or entropy?
Understanding survival at time function
Why is the variance of my random effect negative?
Are there any pre-generated numeric series with known statistical properties?
How should I use prop.test function?
Online resources to aid in understanding SAS results
Problems with extremum of two uniform random variables
Establishing a dynamic threshold for partitioning data
Ideas for visualising and analysing grocery store data
Combining dummy and continuous items in a single scale
Taking random items out of a container with replacement
How to create a bivariate distribution from copula and marginals?
What normality assumptions are required for an unpaired t-test? And when are they met?
Are survivor functions meaningful with proportional hazards models?
When to use the Wilcoxon rank-sum test instead of the unpaired t-test?
Factoring two matrices into shared and unique variance
Regression model with non-constant variance
Estimating adjusted rate ratios for categorical independent variable measured only as population percents
Illustrative datasets and analysis for multilevel modelling
Assessing quality of similarity measure
If I repeat every sample observation in a linear regression model and rerun the regression how would the result be affected?
Tolerance interval for linear regression
How to test whether percent values differ according to a time condition?
How best to analyze length of stay data in a hospital-based RCT?
How many of the biggest terms in $\sum_{i=1}^N |X_i|$ add up to half the total?
Is it ever appropriate to fit a regression on 3 points?
probability of the next number of events occurring when the true probability is known
What is the probability that two independent random vectors with a given euclidean distance $r$ fall in the same orthant?
Verifying that measured time does fit O(n^3)
Why does a time series have to be stationary?
Distribution of reciprocal of regression coefficient
Sample-size calculations for Benjamini-Hochberg, Westfall-Young, Holm-Bonferroni methods
How to compare the variance of two conditions with different means?
How do you establish complete versus partial mediation in a simple mediational model?
R: process data frame subgroups and merge results together
Combining expert estimates
What does truncated distribution mean?
How to draw a plot with mean and CI?
First order conditions for maximum likelihood estimator
Does this relationship have a name?
Resources about functional distributions
Detecting the period of a signal with a length of only a few periods
Mann-Kendall trend test of a huge time-series in R
Marginal effect of Probit and Logit model
Estimating the break point in a broken stick / piecewise linear model with random effects in R [code and output included]
Why does ${\rm cov}(Y_{ij}, Y_{ik}) = \sigma_u^2$ in the model $Y_{ij} = \mu + u_i + e_{ij}$?
25th and 75th percentile according to wolfram alpha
Naive-Bayes classifier for unequal groups
Whether a AR(P) process is stationary or not?
Can I use all pairwise comparisons at a factor level to perform correlation analysis?
Constrained Optimization library for equality and inequality constraints
What to do when ovtest and linktest in Stata suggest model misspecification?
Assumptions for intraclass correlation
Likelihood function of a Linear probability model
Time series digitization
Random forest on grouped data
Simple case of MNAR missing data
How to compare two discrete series?
DLM with autocorrelated residuals
Split-split-plot design and lme
Are both of these generalized additive models?
Why would one use age-squared as a covariate in a genetic association study?
Calculating probability question from a student
Basic standard error issue with short event
How to test a reduced linear model passing through the origin?
Do the properties of Pearson's chi-squared test for independence hold true for continuous PDFs?
How to proceed with applying concordance correlation coefficient on stock market data?
Are these populations non-random and different?
Comparing two mean values to check for statistical significance
How to compute a probability threshold for a linear combination of two variables ~ N(0,1)?
How to combine the forecasts when the response variable in forecasting models was different?
Convert probit regression coefficient into correlation
How to fit a Weibull distribution to input data containing zeroes?
Test to calculate the probability of winning
Lemonade consumption forecast
How do I derive principal components taking account of repeated measures?
Is the sign of principal components meaningless?
Fitting special variance structure in mixed model
Mixed model with repeated measures and both of two treatments with lme or lmer in R
Can R geeglm handle proportion data?
What programming language do you recommend to prototype a machine learning problem?
How to test model misspecification using Johansen test?
Interpreting main effect and interaction
Rolling dice problems
Calculating predicted probabilities for ordinal logistic regression
Incremental PCA in R
Weights of radial basis function networks
General Linear Model without the main effects
A question about the sum of ESS and RSS
Long term and short term effect of estimators on AR model
Temporal analysis of variation in random effects
Fitting a curve to the edge of a distribution
Programming a new random effects structure in lme
Using a histogram to estimate class label densities in a tree learner
Using binary logistic regression to find design for very high reliability and confidence
How to equalize histograms
How can I calculate a sample size for a ranked list of items across a population?
How to visualise observations of a stochastic process with a parameter change?
Meaning of a perfect sequence of a graph
Graphing versus F-test: contradictory outcome
How to determine the ANOVA table for split-plot with repeated measures experiment?
Fisher's exact test and large tables with pairwise
How to test the randomness of residual plot?
What is the distribution of the sum of non i.i.d. gaussian variates?
Computing the mode of data sampled from a continuous distribution
Computing ANOVA in R
What is the distribution of the sample variance of the Skellam distribution?
How can I perform a two-way ANOVA without replication in R?
Time series with unusual censoring
Best method to visualize large interaction between two factors
Computing p-value of LM statistic value in Stata
Difference between two separate multiple regression analyses and one combined using dummy variables
Is it valid to judge the superiority of a classification technique using only artificial data?
Help using maxFratio() in R (Hartley's test)
What model to use for a 'spraying experiment'?
Distribution of values in a time series (tidal data)
Error bars calculation in a split-plot design
"Standard Deviation" of non-negative data
A name for this distributional condition?
Sample divided in three equal categories of individuals in logit regression
Data mining classification competition
Log-normal distribution versus chi-square distribution for comparing RMSE of nonlinear fits
Cross-validation with sampling weights
Regression vs. ANOVA discrepancy (aov vs lm in R)
How can I help ensure testing data does not leak into training data?
Can the MIC algorithm for detecting non-linear correlations be explained intuitively ?
McNemar’s test or T-test for measuring statistical significance of matched-pre-post-test result
Testing against a custom probability distribution
Sample size and documentation for discriminant analysis
Correlation of two interval scaled variables
Correlation of a nominally scaled variable and another of interval scale type
Is is possible (or advisable) to do Change Point Analysis on sequence of groups with R?
Ordered logistic multilevel regression in imputed dataset
effect of parameters on ARMA process
Comparing smoothing splines vs loess for smoothing?
Factoring of conditional probability
Calculating the $p$-value of an $F$- statistic
Effect of moving average parameter on variability and variance of demand
Machine learning self-learning book?
Is a snapshot of last login times a type of censored data?
Suggestions for multi-dimensional clustering
How to aggregate/deal with time series data in multiple markets?
Closed form solution for the expectation of the square root of a hypergeometric variate
How to find implementation details for a SAS procedure?
What is the difference between frequent pattern mining, subspace clustering, and biclustering?
Using the Cox axioms to derive unknown probabilities from known probabilities
Obtaining random number from a mixture of two normal distributions
Model prediction for every possible outcome
Computing average of data in multiple (different) columns in SPSS
The effect of skewed continuous predictors in a binary logistic regression model
Simple good way to fit a 2D dataset consisting of positive and negative examples such that the function is monotonic in both dimensions
Density of normal distribution as dimensions increase
How to perform ANOVA on response variable with indicator variable?
Issues on computing Pearson correlation coefficient for two vectors
Whether to leave the data unaltered in the face of outliers and non-normality when performing structural equation modelling?
What is the difference between R functions prcomp and princomp?
Tree size in gradient tree boosting
Link between variance and pairwise distances within a variable
How to find the inverse of non-standard CDF in Matlab?
Fitting to data with a Bernoulli (I think) distribution
Variance of the Kaplan-Meier estimate for dependent observations
How to tell quantitatively whether 1D data is clustered around 1 or 3 values?
How to deal with label switching issues with Matlab's classification trees?
Heteroskedasticity in linear regression model & data transformation
How to implement rounding in BUGS in a survey context?
Modeling the probability of winning on a sales site
Spearman or Kendall correlation?
Highlighting significant results from non-parametric multiple comparisons on boxplots
Testing two-tailed p-values using Stouffer's approach
How to test if a distribution is exponential in Stata?
When are order statistics not sufficient?
How to design a contrast matrix with combined levels for a categorical variable?
Proportional odds model for repeated measures ordinal outcomes
Publicly available petabyte-scale data set?
How to convert this equation into an equation where I can use regression to estimate coefficients?
How to symmetrically adjust data by removing certain value
Is this hypothesis test somehow "optimal"?
Add new distribution to JAGS or OpenBUGS?
GLM on unbalanced design
Power needed to detect an interaction
Means of groups A and B differ significantly. Can I build a Classifier that will classify values into A or B?
Determining sample size for uniform distribution
How to implement dummy variable using n-1 variables?
How to compute the CI of an Inverse Gaussian distribution?
Kullback–Leibler divergence between two Wishart distributions
How to combine step(x) and dbern(p) in JAGS/WinBUGS?
What have to be normally distributed: groups or whole sample?
How to determine multivariate confidence in laymans terms
DLM out of sample errors
Assessing multicollinearity of factors
How does required sample size scale with the number of features in multiple linear regression?
Which package to use for convergent and discriminant validity in R?
Books about incremental data clustering
How to handle more than one dependent variable (categorical) in logistic regression?
Normal-like distribution over a bounded area
Bootstrap vs. permutation hypothesis testing
Akaike Information Criterion and composite variables
Tutorials on convolution networks and autoencoders
Design effects (or variances) of sampling methods?
Why is RSS distributed chi square times n-p?
Are there any tutorials on Bayesian probability theory or graphical models by example?
Estimate variance of sub-sets from overall variance
How to get a confidence interval on parameters that were fitted using multiple functions and datasets at once?
Fast computation/estimation of a full-rank linear system
Advice For Graduate Students in Statistics
Using t-test for comparing Likert responses before and after intervention
Testing that a sample corresponds to an arbitrary distribution
Sampling machine learning output to calculate confidence intervals
Is there a limit to the SPSS random number generator?
Code to do Monte Carlo using SPSS?
MA terms in arima
Human body organs growth graph or data
Exponential curve fitting with a constant
Is there any sense of adding the same feature with opposite sign when using SVM?
What is the best single measure of brain networks based on functional MRI data?
When is half normal distribution useful?
How to generalize precision, recall and F-score to non-classification problem?
What problem do shrinkage methods solve?
Is statistics.com class worth the money?
What is the difference between lifetime risk, lifetime morbid risk, and lifetime prevalence, and lifetime cumulative incidence?
How can I get the CI of a couple of numbers?
Is this prior distribution exchangeable?
How to report two-way anova results?
How to calculate the "unfairness" for repeated random selection?
Changing logistic regression's loss function
Why doesn't the exponential smoothing forecast package in R provide confidence intervals for the fitted values?
How do I compare multiple arbitrary predictions for a given data set?
Test the significant differences between the coefficients obtained by logistic regression on two data sets.
Characteristics of gold prices in an ARIMA model analysis
The disadvantage of using F-score in feature selection
Test a proportion with limited information
Endogeneity without correlation?
Examples of hidden Markov models problems?
Estimating prevalence in a subpopulation
Error metric for a regression model with two dependent variables
Can simple vector distance work as a SVM kernel?
Time Series detrending with multiple polynomials
Canonical correlation analysis with continuous and binary data
Univariate time series analysis: sine wave with a constant period?
Fitting a pdf against Weibull pdf
How to use residuals to train a model?
Subdivisions in statistics
Algorithm to evaluate whether you should buy now or wait
Understanding condition index used for finding multicollinearity
Hidden markov models: output observations defined by a (non-hidden) markov model?
Relationship between the characteristics of training data set and built decision tree
How to interpret logarithmically transformed coefficients in linear regression?
"Strength" of hypothesis tests
On error probability bounds in Bayesian hypothesis testing
Logical extensions after logistic regression
Why are the residuals computed manually different from those computed by R?
Bounding the difference between square roots
How should decision tree splits be implemented when predicting continuous variables?
How to implement bootstrap efficiently in a matrix-based language?
Plotting Events on a Timeline in R
Splines with controllable degree but auto-generation of knots in R
Random number generation for gaussian, cauchy and levy
having trouble applying hidden markov models to my game
Significance of a group answer to a question
What are the differences between hidden Markov models and neural networks?
Likert scale categories and composite scores
Why should we care about rapid mixing in MCMC chains?
Getting the variance-covariance matrix of regression coefficients in GEE
Standard formula for quick calculation of scores
Non-nested model selection
Speeding up non-vectorized R code
How to transform data to normality?
Alpha adjustment for multiple testing
Covariance matrix in Gaussian Discriminant Analysis
How to interpret type I, type II, and type III ANOVA and MANOVA?
Is it possible to compute a covariance matrix with unequal sample sizes?
Power analysis for matched poisson variables
RFM & customer lifetime value modeling in R
Getting sense of and testing multiple correlations in two-block structure
Correct approach to statistical analysis of voting results
Using Kolmogorov–Smirnov test
Assessing joint variations of responses in interventional study
Computing expectation of random variable (with known distribution and joint density) conditional on a sum
Least squared regression where the coefficients switch signs upon the addition of new variable
Longitudinal models in R and WINBUGS or JAGS
What is best for comparing variability for environmental time series data: repeated-measures ANOVA or linear mixed models?
Books for self-studying time series analysis?
Jaccard Indexes and PCA
What is an "uninformative prior"? Can we ever have one with truly no information?
Difference between logit and probit models
Proper use and interpretation of chi-squared test
Logistic regression performs better on validation data
How to calculate standard errors in OLS without inverting the X'X matrix?
How to properly present McNemar's Test Statistics
Determine accuracy of model which estimates probability of event
Trouble applying hidden Markov models
Generating a 3-month half life weighting series in R
Distribution of an observation-level Mahalanobis distance
Unable to wrap my head around applying HMM or other techniques to solve my problem
Calculating probability of discovery
Test for independence of random variables
Effect of switching response and explanatory variable in simple linear regression
PCA's principle and available algorithms
Simultaneous confidence intervals for multinomial parameters, for small samples, many classes?
Where did the frequentist-Bayesian debate go?
Is there a test for independence in a Bernoulli process?
Joint distribution of sum of independent normals
How to compute median in an online fashion?
How to find 3D normal distribution function from a sample of 3D data?
Maximum likelihood estimation when parameters are functions of another data series
Implementation of Gaussian process
Metaregression with Age as a Covariate
Name of mean absolute error analogue to Brier score?
Is the percent of total deviance explained a useful model summary?
Initial conditions of experimental units in Completely Randomized Design
Automated parameter selection for a GARCH model, in a similar manner to the forecast package
Odds Ratio Between Overlapping Groups
How do I sample without replacement using a sampling-with-replacement function?
Is it Multiple Regression that I should chose?
Sampling variables and calculating likelihood in WinBUGS/OpenBUGS
Appropriate Statistical Analyses - HLM?
What is model identifiability?
Detecting steps in time series
How to analyze longitudinal count data: accounting for temporal autocorrelation in GLMM?
Combining p-values for averaging technical protein quantification replicates in python
Test for non random-walk
DLM package, State equation
Is AdaBoost less or more prone to overfitting?
What are the meanings of "stochastically dependent" and "functionally dependent"?
How to find the closest distribution of a given data?
Estimate center and radius of a sphere from points on the surface
Modified gravity model of interaction between two communities
How to fit a lognormal distribution in Python?
Error exponent in hypothesis testing
How can I calculate a confidence interval for the mean based on non-independent data?
Predicting curve registration parameters in functional data analysis with noisy data
What is the probability that the $k$th element falls in a specific interval?
Finding matrix eigenvectors using QR decomposition
Extracting meaningful information from a logistic regression model
How to test whether a sample of data fits the family of Gamma distribution?
Vector multiplication in BUGS and JAGS
A hair dresser's conundrum
Where can one get real (health) actuarial/insurance probability data/distributions?
Which machine learning methods can I use to study/analyze this ordinal data? (generated by a hypothetical turing machine)
The reciprocal of $t$-distributed random variable
Estimating the reliability of a test section
Manually transforming two dependent variables according to their correlation matrix in R?
Spatial clustering algorithm with democratic constraints
Why is running split tests until statistically significant a "bad thing"? (Or is it?)
How to import and run a model with SPSS?
How do you interpret the variance of time series data using the average growth rates?
Java code for thin SVD
Probability of a measurement under a continuous model
fitting with a large number of variables
Alternative names for items in logistic regression
Computing p-value using bootstrap with R
How to adjust for a mid-study change in diagnostic protocol?
Pattern finding approaches
How to get last available row in SPSS?
Does ensembling (boosting) cause overfitting?
Bucketising time series
pLSA - Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis, how to choose topic number?
Discretize frequency of words that follow zipfian distribution
Is it appropriate to suppress the intercept in a regression graph?
Classifying new observations into two bivariate categories
Rolling analysis with out-of sample
Permutational MANOVA and Mahalanobis distances in R
Best approach for model selection Bayesian or cross-validation?
Sampling to get around randomForest's 32 factor level limit
How to analyse linked 2x2 tables from multiple raters?
Where can I find C++ code samples for HMM (hidden Markov model) as it relates to gesture recognition?
Is a 1-sided 90% prediction interval equivalent to a 2-sided 95% prediction interval?
Arithmetic for updating likelihoods using Bayes theorem
Mean squared error vs. mean squared prediction error
Mean and standard deviation of Gaussian Distribution
Estimating out-of sample forecast for an ARIMA model
Inconsistency of the Breslow estimator
Does anyone have experience with IBM's "SPSS Modeler"?
Clustering of stock market returns
Need help to derive the conditional pdf
Verifying neural network model performance
How to calculate burstiness?
Assess density of a function in non-closed form
Time Series representation and forecasting in R
Repeated measures and random effects in R
Are ecologists the only ones who didn't know that the arcsine is asinine?
How to get parameters from a quadratic fit in Stata?
Compare survival of one population to the general population
Where to get documentation/reference for Stata?
Why does HoltWinters() in R behave differently when parameters are set as 0 vs set as False?
Can compressed sensing be applied to data mining?
Implementing Gaussian mixture model for a HMM library
How do I combine two outcome measures from two different questionnaires into one variable?
Use of further analysis on factors formed by principal component analysis in regression
What is "gaussianity", and how do you perform gaussianity testing in macroeconomic time-series?
What is the best way to use a discrete variable with a lot of classes in linear regression?
Why is logistic regression in R creating multiple coefficients for one variable?
How do I report error from imbalanced data in a random forest algorithm?
How is the proof that the Quartimax/Varimax-rotation converges?
What is a block in experimental design?
Smoothing function for displaying stacked lines without the smoothing introducing crossings
Conflicting results with GoF tests
Running transformed data with a Generalized Linear Model in SPSS
How to detect changes in amplitude?
Sidak or Bonferroni?
Poisson or quasi poisson in a regression with count data and overdispersion?
How to improve standard visualizations of a univariate distribution?
Find the equation from generalized linear model output
Algorithms for automatic model selection
Convergence results for block-gibbs sampling?
What graphical model to capture conditional relationships between tokens?
Predicting the time until an expected event occurs
Predicting Y using X for the following data
How much variation is necessary for regression analysis
Calculation confidence interval for estimated logit in logistic regression in R
Simultaneous Non-parametric regression and Non-parametric density estimation
Identification of confounder in a logistic regression model example in "Applied Logistic Regression"
Covariate present in a logistic regression model as a effect modifier, but not as main effect
Distance correlation versus mutual information
Creating univariable smoothed scatterplot on logit scale using R
Logistic regression with longitudinal data
Gaussian process scale targets
High dimensional time series
Is there a fast algorithm to check for AR(p) stationarity?
Truncated normal distribution with WinBUGS
Different ways of making a set of numbers (all between $0$ and $1$) to sum up to $1$
How to distribute a prize among a group of people given their scores?
How to use segmented package to fit a piecewise linear regression with one breakpoint?
Does transpose commute through expectation?
Statistical significance of subsets using non-binary dependent variable
Two-way mixed effects ANOVA model
Alpha correction in a family of tests
Predicting dependent variables where independent variables are samples with differing sample size
Simple, robust and fast algorithm for stochastic gradient descent
Data dependency detection software
Identifying parameters in BUGS linear regression
Sampling from an unknown distribution
Gaussian Process covariance matrix gets zero determinant
Probabilistic graphical models textbook
What do you do with your testing data?
Is there an error in this published Chi-squared table?
R Arimax Function
How to use cross validation to estimate autocorrelation?
How does sampling scheme affect some statistics of interest?
How do I handle very different weights in a least squares fit?
How to visualize an interaction effect from a regression?
Natural language processing application in algorithmic trading and sports betting
Document classification with naive Bayes algorithm
How to define what a "sample" is?
Can a coin be biased?
Chi-square contrast tests with R
Best way to handle unbalanced multiclass dataset with SVM
Multiple dependent variables in factorial design
Choosing N when doing t-tests on bootstrapped samples
What is a good academic citation for cross-validation?
Identifying outlier data in high-dimensional settings
Word ranking using Bayes theorem
Comparing models of discrete and continuous data
Two DV's in a 2x2 factorial experiment
Validating previous analysis with new data
What does accuracy mean in SPSS's automatic linear modeling output?
Linear mixed model, negative information criteria values and Hessian matrix not positive definite
Most confusing statistical terms
Null hypothesis with multiple equally important hypothesis
Singularity issues when fitting an ARIMAX model
More than one outcome (dependent) variables in ordinal logistic regression
How to do logistic regression with unequal groups in the dependent variable?
How to interpret coefficients from a logistic regression?
Bootstrapping stratified sample that is weighted to population - reweighting during the bootstrap?
Calculating probability of a random sample without replacement
Moving from RCB to CR design, how much bias is introduced?
Risk bounds for Gaussian regression
How can I estimate the phase difference between two periodic time-series?
How to display magnitude of change over time between two series?
Does the order of explanatory variables matter when calculating their regression coefficients?
Bootstrap vs. jackknife
Plot a generalised mixed effects model with binomial errors
How to determine if application acceptance is "fair"
Problem with singular covariance matrices when doing Gaussian process regression
Non-parametric discriminant analysis in R
Collapsing regression of nominal data to single significance value
How to compare two series of gene expression levels?
How to calculate Cohen's d effect size intervals for a within-subject design?
Regression fails if predictor variance is small but mean is nonzero 
Artificial neural network analysis
R powerTransform fails on seemingly okay data
How to fit a regression like $y=\lfloor ax+b \rfloor$ in R?
Normalization in weighted least squares regression
Robust logistic regression vs logistic regression
Chi-squared planned contrasts comparison adjustment problem
Technical variation versus real signal
Recognizing relationship/pattern
Understanding proof of a lemma used in Hoeffding inequality 
TF-IDF cutoff percentage for tweets
Providing variance measures for speedup ratios
Exponential decay function
Factoring expected prediction error
Spatial econometrics -- computing residuals
Calculating probabilities related to order statistics
Confidence interval for median
Calculate average of a set numbers with reported standard errors
Gibbs sampling from posterior distribution using R
Interaction terms and BUGS
How can I compare whether classifiers outcome is significantly different?
Maximum Likelihood Estimator of SNR for a Known Signal Superimposed in AWGN
Analysis of variance table for 2x2 cross-over trials
Using the BH method for FDR control
Major directions on a 2D map 
Etymology of "t" in t-test and t-distribution
Advice on scientifically sound scale construction
Optimal polynomial order in equality-constrained linear regression
Recommendation for a book about recommender systems
Calculus resources with a probability and statistics slant?
95% CI for an estimated X given Y in a simple linear regression model 
Correct terminology for describing relative confidence interval
Composite variable from Likert items
Bound on moment generating function
Regression for rank order dependent variable
Bayesian logistic regression with mixed (two level) data
A reliable measure of series similarity - correlation just doesn't cut it for me
Obtaining knowledge from a random forest
Introduction to structural equation modeling
Gesture recognition with HMM
Dividing and forecasting a normal distribution
Survival analysis with categorical variable
Generate random correlated variable from known $X$
When to use the standard error on the mean
Standard error of a ratio
Autocorrelation in panel data
Nonparametric credible intervals
Max Entropy Solver in R
Testing a model
Replacing kernel for a Poisson distribution in an equation
Random variables mapping to a state space that isn't a set of real numbers?
Fourier transform of distributions
What is a good way to compare similarity between datasets with little variance?
What is the outline for the procedure of model selection, with different models based on likelihood functions?
Deriving the change in a Poisson lambda over time
Is Benjamini-Hochberg correction more conservative as the number of comparisons increases?
How to determine how many unique visitors should be in the control group
A reliable measure of series similarity - correlation just doesn't cut it for me
Why divide by the square root of the number of p-values when calculating Stouffer's Z?
Handling outliers when comparing two means in a repeated measures design
Is additive logistic regression equivalent to boosted decision stumps?
Mahalanobis distance as measure of dissimilarity between strings (sequences)
Using background genes to evaluate gene expression level
What statistic test apply to a cell count time line?
Average value from ranges in a survey
Are mean normalization and feature scaling needed for k-means clustering?
Joint distribution of two gamma random variables
Difference between ANCOVA and Hierarchical Regression
Error amplification in linear regression with uncertainties in design matrix
Why is Stouffer's method often used with one-tailed $p$-values rather than two-tailed $p$-values?
Calculating statistical power
Imputation with R and MICE
Finding a trend in variance
Type of input data (proportions or log-ratios) for compositional analysis
How to analyze a dependent variable that should really be a ratio (per capita for example) but where the denominator is unkown
Optimizing across multiple classification models (different training sets)
How can factor-levels be automatically chosen in R to maximize the number of positive coefficients in a regression model?
Combining multiple posterior distributions
Choosing variables to include in a multiple linear regression model
What are some interval-varying continuous time series models
Using Rasch model to explain relationships between a set of dependent and independent variables
Power transformation on interactions in linear regression
How to compute asymptotic confidence intervals for differences in quantiles?
What data structure is necessary for survival analysis?
Regression based for example on days of week
How to present several ANCOVA findings
How to do post-hoc contrasts on within factor depending on certain between groups in SPSS?
Quantifying differences in a discrete distribution across several populations
How do I collect data for simple self-survey
SVM, variable interaction and training data fit
Should I use a binomial cdf or a normal cdf when flipping coins?
Confidence interval around the ratio of two proportions
How is  the SAS REPLICATE statement in PROC NLMIXED different from a FREQ statement?
How to define the rejection region for a permutation test?
Deriving ${\rm var}(\overline{X})$ from expected value definition
When to choose PCA vs. LSA/LSI
Error when running glmnet in multinomial
Can mutual information gain value be greater than 1
Determining optimum sample size and statistical tests
Hidden Markov models with Baum-Welch algorithm using python
Observation symbols for training a set of HMMs
Estimating one logit vs. two logits using 2 dependent variables (i.e. restricting the two logits to have the same coefficients
Error count limit for known residual failure rate and desired false-positive rate?
Confused about relevance of Bayes' theorem to my problem
Using a time series model to forecast future values in R
Bayesian updating of continuous variables given mutual information
Accounting for discrete or binary parameters in Bayesian information criterion
Finding suitable rules for new data using arules
Extending 2-class models to multi-class problems
References for weighted linear regression with linear constraints on the coefficients?
Reference book for linear algebra applied to statistics?
Accounting for the presence of a variable in regression?
What's the order of correlation?
For lognormal data, what are necessary sample sizes for a difference in means between treatment / control
Understanding proof of McDiarmid's inequality
Which form of data analysis would be most appropriate, T-Test or Chi-Squared?
Does the p-value in the incremental F-test determine how many trials I expect to get correct?
How can I draw a boxplot without boxes in R?
Two clocks problem and measurements
In R, what is the best graphics driver for using the graphs in Microsoft Word?
Stability of beta coefficients
the effect of Moving average parameter and autoregressive parameter on MA(1)and AR(1) demand process, respectively
Transforming the dummy values to be able to take logs
What machine learning algorithm can be used to predict the stock market?
Computation speed in R?
Are Cohen's d (effect size) and d prime from the signal detection theory measuring the same thing?
Why is it claimed that a sample is often more accurate than a census?
Good reference book for epidemiology
Using monte carlo integration with bisection method to find a true value in R
Standard error for the sum of weighted means
What sense does it make to compare p-values to each other?
Using controls as basis for quantile/tertile categorization
Clustering Survey Responses Based on Dichotomous Responses
Seasonality of treatment and Average Treatment Effect
Conditional independence isn't guaranteed when specifying the marginal distributions?
Why are discriminative models called 'discriminative'?
Nonlinear mixed methods, Monte Carlo simulation and appropriate use of weighting for population distribution estimation
Estimating probability of success, given a reference population
What is the closest approximation to computing the $X$th percentile (say 95th) from bins of data?
How do I account for both intra- and inter-individual variance when comparing the control with a conditioned test stimulus?
How to specify a lognormal distribution in the glm family argument in R?
Difference between the Stopping Criteria
Voting in Multi-Class SVM
Best way to perform multiclass SVM
An approach to visualise/investigate multi-dimensional data
What is the best machine learning approach for enhancing the weights of features based on common features between classes?
Minimum sample size for unpaired t-test
How to turn a confidence set into a confidence interval
How to analyze GEE with unevenly spaced observations?
In benchmark tests should I use formulas assuming a population or a sample?
What are good datasets to illustrate particular aspects of statistical analysis?
How to estimate the mode using non-parametric methods of a 4-variate random vector drawn from a continuous multivariate distribution?
What is the variance-covariance matrix of the OLS residual vector?
How are classifications merged in an ensemble classifier?
How to supplement comparing benchmark results (means) with a two-sided t-test?
Bayesian variable selection in R
Comparing logistic regressions
Distribution of execution time for benchmarking?
How to compute Cronbach's alpha with only one measurement per subject?
Prediction vs. association with linear regression
Embarrassingly parallel machine learning algorithms
Inverse probability of treatment weighted (IPTW) estimator for a binary outcome
Do Random Forests exhibit prediction bias?
Comparing the results of two different benchmark results?
Question about aggregated data and the effect on specific contributors
Can LSA be used for document similarity?
Sample size determination for estimating proportion
What is the correct procedure to choose the lag when performing Johansen cointegration test?
Multivariate correlation in sensitivity analysis
Can I use correlated variables in a mixture model?
Property of KL-divergence
Distance metric and curse of dimensions
Forecast and errors, dependent or independent
How to add two dependent random variables?
How to compute precision/recall for multiclass-multilabel classification?
DLM package, state equation, maximum likelihood with constant terms
Artificial dataset generator for classification data
Which R package can estimate parameters in my Kalman Filter
Range of standardized coefficients in a discriminant analysis
How do I fit a constrained regression in R so that coefficients total = 1?
Where do data mining and computer vision converge?
Softmax regression bias and prior probabilities for unequal classes
questionnaire stacked bar plot with R
How to plot decision boundary of a k-nearest neighbor classifier from Elements of Statistical Learning?
Can one alter a MCMC method to reduce variance when the function of interest (not just the distribution) is complex?
Curve fitting multivariate data for maximal correlation with univariate data?
Aggregate opinions to a single measure
How to assess whether a coin tossed 900 times and comes up heads 490 times is biased?
Why doesn't classifier accuracy increase linearly with k in k-fold validation?
How to find mean relative differences?
How to test for and deal with regression toward the mean?
How wise is the use of ANCOVA when groups differ on the covariate?
Optimising for Precision-Recall curves under class imbalance
What is a representative sample?
How can I calculate a critical t value using R?
Interpretation of a log likelihood function for PROC NLMIXED in SAS
Create a phrase net with R
What is the difference between GLM and GEE?
Length weighted median
How to calculate odds ratio and p-values for Fisher's test?
Reinforcement learning of a policy for multiple actors in large state spaces
Can I combine Standard errors of coefficients with an unbalanced data set?
What is the Johnson family of distributions good for? What are their main features and applications?
h step ahead forecast
What bandwidth should I use for my kernel density estimation?
How to plot frequencies vs. values in SAS (power-law style graph)?
Distribution fitting
What is quantile normalization?
How do I measure how well my data fits a prediction
F statistic and variables
How to fairly determine winners for a regional science fair?
Is it necessary for a sample to broadly reflect the target population distribution?
Train a SVM-based classifier while taking into account the weight information
Multivariate linear regression model
Create distribution model from samples?
Fisher information for handwashing
Use of row rank and column rank in regression
Biplots: Adding supplementry points to a biplot which only use a subset of the variables
Expected value of min X for bernoulli success?
Oversampling in logistic regression
R - Clustering and Multidimensional Scaling
Test for accuracy of prediction of financial time series
fitting a function
Power calculations/sample size for biomarker study
Can one obtain a p-value for all levels of factor when doing a GLM?
Statistically back-calculating: Markov Chain?
Non-overlapping aggregation and autocorrelation
lift/uplift/netlift modeling: CART analysis maximizing a t-statistic from a multivariate regression
Advantages and limitations of Gwet’s AC1 statistic and PABAK
Is there a package in R that calculates the Durbin-Watson test assuming a weighted regression?
How to train and validate a neural network model in R?
Aligning sample data
Comparing anchored and unanchored likert scale data
Confidence interval overlap - judging the similarity of estimates
Normalization in pairwise hypothesis testing
Interpolating between models in ROC space
Guidelines for calculating sample size
What are the mean and variance of the ratio of two lognormal variables?
Are mathematically-coupled variables spurious predictors in linear regressions?
Why is a zero-intercept linear regression model predicts better than a model with an intercept?
Measuring what's 'lost' in PCA dimensionality reduction?
How can I perform weibull analysis on monthly recorded data of wind speeds?
Sample weighting
Reference book for ecological studies
Alternative argument in Fisher's exact test in R
Hypothesis testing in multiple regression
What is a difference between random effects-, fixed effects- and marginal model?
Can a factor be changed to binomial levels to achieve model validation and extract insignificant variables?
Is this a valid approach to testing a hypothesis about the relationship between two variables?
Multiple regression problem S Shape Residuals
Encoding categorical features to numbers for machine learning
How to perform model selection in GEE in R
P-value adjustment in correlational analysis
ratio, MSE of basic demand to MSE of aggregated demand for MA(1) process
Count data from unequal time frames
Comparing linear vs. non-linear regression model for "best" fit
Finding similarity between a reference and few working documents
Evaluation measures of goodness or validity of clustering (without having truth labels)
Problem with Developing a Model for an Exploratory Study (PCA EFA)
First quick glance at a dataset
Cohen's d and multiple comparisons for 2/3-way ANOVA
Is there a R command for testing the difference in coefficients of two linear regression​s?
Can structural equation models be used to derive clinical formulae?
Understanding Naive Bayes
Probability of a run of k successes in a sequence of n Bernoulli trials
How to identify patterns/associations in network traffic?
Resources about probability proportional to size (PPS) sampling method
Finding the effect of time from a multilevel model?
Reference for random forests
Formulating and fitting a nonlinear model that looks like a product of linear models
Selecting best model based on linear, quadratic and cubic fit of data
Analyzing "Reverberation"
Convergence of identically distributed normal random variables
Is the variance of the multivariate folded normal distribution known?
Predicting multiple targets or classes?
Interpreting a negative confidence limit for a proportion
Gini coefficient and error bounds
How to determine if two survey questions are independent?
Delta method and correlated variables
How to determine if a price decrease is historically significant?
Statistical test for large unequal sample size
Consistent ranked list for ROC interpolation
Which hospital should be chosen? One has a higher success rate, but the other has a higher overall success rate
Minimum-Distance estimation of mixed/mixture distributions
What is the difference between the MCD and the MVE estimators?
Modeling null transitions in the Hidden Markov Model for use with the Viterbi algorithm
Can a categorical variable be divided by a numerical variable?
Calculating Total Probabilities from a Poisson Random Variable
How do I clean up inconsistent survey data?
Looking for some intuition regarding the MCD estimator
Memory-based learning: Predicting gender of French nouns
Latent class model
Margin of Error for Likert scale response
Epanechnikov kernel and GCV
How can 8 dimensions be reduced to 3?
How to test for temperature differences between years and sites?
Relatively normalizing values for collaborative filtering
Business forecasting
Bayesian inference of parameters: residuals are independent but not normally distributed
Relatively normalizing values for collaborative filtering
Implementation of stratified crossvalidation for classification problem
Methods for comparing clustering results
What is the scale of prediction from models using the poisson family?
Non-parametric test for unequal samples with subsequent post-hoc analysis?
Different prediction plot from survival coxph and rms cph
Seeking to understand asymmetry in hypothesis testing
Why does one get a 0.000 Mann-Whitney U value (not p-value) etc.?
Is it possible to make quantitative comparisons using income inequality metrics?
Effect of uncertainty in a parameter of a probability model on decisions
The usage of Kolomogorov-Smirnov statistic in predictive modelling
Showing $ \frac{1}{n} \sum_{i=1}^n (X_i - \bar{X})^q \to E((X-EX)^q)$ in probability
How do I compare 2 models?
Bounded in probability ($o_{P}$)
Odds ratio for continuous variable
How to calculate SD from pre SD and post SD?
Expressing ridge solutions as sum of vectors
What is the real answer to the Birthday question?
Comparing entries in correlation matrices
Sample size and cross-validation methods for Cox regression predictive models
How to calculate the R-squared value and assess the model fit in multidimensional scaling?
How are margins of error related to confidence Intervals?
Combining ratings from multiple raters of different accuracy
Online fitting for normal distributions
How to get started on multivariate predictive modeling?
How to compute an accuracy measure based on RMSE? Is my large dataset normally distributed?
Stationary distribution on a partition of the state space?
Partitioning trees in R: party vs. rpart
Interaction terms interpretation
Web based forecasting tools
Determining which variables affect which measurements
Reducing the number of groups of data by joining them 
What's a good approach to teaching R in a computer lab?
Questions about Nolan's stable.exe program
Difference between linear regression prediction intervals and logistic regression targets
Generating correlation matrices using Wishart distribution
Building document exemplar training models for SVM
Non-response rate
Interpreting multiple linear regression
How do I get a variation measure of z-scores with different underlying n's per group?
Adjusting the p-value for adaptive sequential analysis (for chi square test)?
VIF values in regression
Random walk out of sample forecasting 
Using and interpreting type I SOS in three-way ANOVA
What to report from hierarchical regression?
Omitted variable bias in time series
Particle filter in R – trivial code example
Looking for a hierarchical-clustering method for multiple data types
Are two empirically estimated Markov chains statistically different?
Probability of winning a tournament
Is there a way to use cross validation to do variable/feature selection in R?
Estimating an unknown restricted Markov Chain from partial measurements
Logistic / T-test p-values
Good source of information about AMOVA
How to explain poor classification performance of recall when using SVM?
How is the sum of normally-scaled inverse gamma variates distributed?
Converting Bs parameter estimates into Betas
Problem with character vectors and linear regression in R
Why is my replication of Silver & Dunlap 1987 not working out?
Custom error function for randomForest R package 
Evaluating the relationship between two attributes in a gene study
Multilevel model with an ordinal outcome
Are ratio, interval, ordinal and nominal variables nested?
Which algorithm would be most appropriate for this
Markov chain long run probabilities
Find degradation rate on a scatterplot
Can lognormal + constant be still considered lognormal?
Visualizing predicted probabilities from logistic regression with a weighted sample in Stata
Using rolling windows to compute out of sample accuracy
How to read Cook's distance plots?
Calculate chance of big drop in a timeline
Granger causality as a means of validation
How to do cross-validation with a Cox proportional hazards model?
Dependent thinning Poisson process
Combining the results of two surveys
Missing values in response variable in JAGS
How to determine the combination of factor levels for which the response variable is highest
How to interpret poor performance when using neural network?
How to distinguish between periodic and random impulse?
decision tree using user defined split function in rpart: No splits returned when tree is run
Ways to determine if experience or recent practice time is more significant in ranking?
On testing for heteroskedascity, some questions on the White test & Breusch-Pagan test
Comparing small and large samples from the same target population
Finding a prediction interval for an lmer model via mcmcsamp versus simulate
How to choose the most appropriate distribution for a given vector in R?
Can someone please explain dynamic time warping for determining time series similarity?
How to convert molecular categorical variables to dummy variables for cluster analysis?
Restricted permutations
Gower's (dis)similarity index
Which skewness/kurtosis figure do I use in a spatial regression analysis
How many participants do I need to carry out an four-way Anova?
Correlating two distributions to a third
Measuring information content of a random variable in Naive Bayes classifier
Filtering rankings data using regression
Probability density function (pdf) of normal sample variance ($S^2$)
How to choose significance level for a large data set?
How do I specify priors for angle parameters in BUGS/JAGS?
Intuition behind power law distribution
Data mining papers/examples
Question on term used for this kind of questionnaire item and type of analysis followed
Weighted kernel density plot in R
Need help in automatically computing optimal hyper-parameters for a clustering algorithm
Assessing spurious effect of a third variable on the relationship between a response and a predictor
Reference On Panel Data Analysis
When can RMSEA be zero?
Canonical reference for Naive Bayes classifier
What is the use of the line produced by qqline() in R?
Structural shifts
Linear regression optimization
Relative entropy optimization
Set of numbers statistically higher than other
What prior distributions are used in mcmcsamp() from lme4?
Why normalise the standard deviation of neural network input?
Goodness of fit between empirical distribution and theoretical distribution
Expression for the median of a sum of half-Cauchy random variables
Confusion over Gamma distribution CDF
In simple linear regression, how do I show that the squared test statistic for the null hypothesis has an F-distribution?
Probability that a random sample will have certain elements
Effect of uncertainty in a parameter of a probability model on decisions -- follow-up
How to decrease training set size?
Explanation of statistical simulation 
What are some use of dense matrices in statistics?
Mahalanobis distance for vector-classification
Phylogenetic dependent variables: ANOVA?
Multiple regression and OLS. How to choose the best "non-linear" specification?
Correlation between variables
How to use weights for imbalanced data in R's randomForest?
Generating correlated numbers from independent distributions
Poisson with an autoregressive term
How can I find correlations between crashes and system environments?
Updating classification probability in logistic regression through time
Fixed-effects or mixed-effects models to population based data
How to replace the top 1% of the data with a new value in R?
Sample size for unequal groups in logistic regression
How does centering the data get rid of the intercept in regression and PCA?
Inter-feature ratio explicitly or implicitly?
What is conditioning in spatial statistics?
Which performance measure to use when using SVM: MSE or MAE?
Compare two nonparametric curve estimation approaches: kernel and orthogonal basis
Standardized beta weights for a multilevel regression
Is chi-squared always a one-sided test?
Estimating 2D mean from uneven samples
Wavelet smoothing at different scales
Performance of the fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm
Using R to bootstrap the variance difference
Variables in factor analysis with different metrics/response categories
Assessing an interaction term
ROC curve fit characteristic
Small Beta weight equals small structural coefficient
Why not approach classification through regression?
Interpreting a quadratic logarithmic term
Why it is often assumed Gaussian distribution?
Repeated measures structural equation modeling
Why should we discuss convergence behaviors of different estimators in different topologies?
Using Fractional Polynomials for Logistic Regression Modelling in R
Reducing the number of variables in a multiple regression
Significance of multinomial data
Finding expected minimum absolute difference $E(\min_{1 \leq i \leq m} |x - y_i|)$
Calculating E[log(g(x))]
Power analysis for ordinal logistic regression
Predictive Modeling - Should we care about mixed modeling?
What kind of cut-offs are used for publication bias tests in meta-analysis?
SVM parameter selection and cross validation
Methodology for validation of stochastic simulations with Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Identifying instrumental variables for structural model
Testing for difference between incidence rates in R, spatial rdd
How to conceptualize error in a regression model?
How to generate random variates from random variables with known density?
Sphering data with SVD components of covariance matrix
Discrimination and calibration of Cox model
Cox model with Lasso for PH test and P value
Stratified Cox model
Modern successor to Exploratory Data Analysis by Tukey?
Unsure about correlation calculation for a particular setup
Incremental or online or single pass or data stream clustering refers to the same thing?
Confidence interval for chi-square
Compound risk lottery
Options for comparing logistic regression models
Odds of drawing at least k identical values among m after n draws?
What fields use modelling for analysis of a single time-series?
Three-parts correlation or equivalent?
LASSO/LARS vs general to specific (GETS) method
Including day of week in a logit model
How to test hypothesis for group differences?
Understanding factor analysis 
Confirming the distribution of residuals in linear regression
SVM and cross validation with a minimum finding algorithm
Use of standard error of bootstrap distribution
Determining the right method to compare observed versus measured data
How to test if reading from two devices are significantly different?
Probability that uniformly random points in a rectangle have Euclidean distance less than a given threshold
How to assess normality in variables to determine whether to use Pearson's correlation or Spearman's r (or Kendall)?
Log-likelihood of multivariate Poisson distribution
Is using a questionnaire score (EuroQol's EQ-5D) with a bimodal distribution as outcome in linear regression a problem?
Problem with informative censoring
Correlation under uncertainty
Is there an intuitive interpretation of $A^TA$ for a data matrix $A$?
How to draw valid conclusions from "big data"?
Estimators for Bernoulli trials
What can one tell a school kid about statistics and machine learning?
Effect size for Fisher's exact test?
Statistical tests to do data quality checks
MLR prediction intervals joint region
Understanding central limit theorem
How to tell if data is filtered well?
ICC reduced to 0 in a multi-level model. Should this be suspicious?
Markov blanket vs normal dependency in a Bayesian network
Convexity of loss function with respect to the mean
What test do I use for language variance data?
Problem in understanding hidden Markov model EM training and log-lik computation result
Any advice on technical analysis of financial data?
How to compare two non-randomly selected groups within a sample?
Cross validation procedure - is this right?
Generating functions for Poisson regression using MATLAB
Seeking text describing the Mantel-Haenszel test
Central limit theorem versus law of large numbers
Difference between likelihood principle and repeated sampling principle
Confidence interval on a standardized risk difference
When will a less true model predict better than a truer model?
Difference in  using normalized gradient and gradient
PCA and proportion of variance explained
What do statisticians do that can't be automated?
Calculation of seasonal (annual) component of time-series: use of cross-validation?
How to obtain optimally scaled data from homals in R?
Common standards for data import file formats for statistics software?
P values seem to be the wrong way around
Find the minimum of an expensive-to-sample noisy paraboloid
Quantile regression prediction
Base-10 lognormal PDF integrated over log10(x)
Convergence of a genetic algorithm
R from command line
Correlated brownian interpolation
How does the Kinect use random forests?
Time series analysis in Python
Variance decomposition using ANOVA
Detect outliers in mixture of Gaussians
Does anybody use star-schema databases to collect and organize their data?
How would you rate the following books in terms of usefulness for experimental data analysis?
Formula for single linear regression for dataset that has uncertainties on both x and y
Multiclass SVM + Ineffective X Validation, Time Series Prediction 
Understanding no free lunch theorem in Duda et al's Pattern Classification
Raw residuals versus standardised residuals versus studentised residuals - what to use when?
Is the true relation between independent and dependent variables assumed to be a function or a distribution?
Does the link function in a GLM influence the plot of residuals?
Stratified sampling with multiple variables?
How to use principal components as predictors in GLM?
How to organize a series of data analysis results?
Evaluating probability mass function for a discrete random variable
Learning association between multiple effects and causal outcomes
Good reference on analysis of dependent samples
Can the interaction term of two insignificant coefficients be significant?
T-test vs. Permutation test on (not surely) normal data
What is distribution of lengths of gaps between occurrences of ones in Bernoulli process?
Text mining "power calculations"?
Incremental or Online or Single pass or Data Stream Clustering refers to the same thing?
What does the following message mean in SAS?
Kullback-Leibler divergence
What is a practically good data analysis process?
Quick and simple cluster analyses for univariate data
Fitting an ordinal response variable
How to show unbiased estimator of combination of bernoulli and normal variables?
Regression with complex causal structure
Best terminology to describe a time-series problem
How to create a loop without command "for" in Bugs?
Is it allowed to use a 5% trimmed mean for analyzing data from a creativity task (quantity of ideas)?
How to deal with RAM limitations when working with big datasets in R?
What is the difference between linear regression on y with x and x with y?
Taking correlation before or after log-transformation of variables
McKay's bivariate Gamma distribution
Analyze and visualize participants response towards particular condition
When generating a corpus for latent Dirichlet allocation, does word frequency within documents matter?
- 2 Log L vs. Deviance
Chances of meeting people who's initials contain a J
What is the most effective way to combine different rating scales for the same data?
Problem simulating AR(2) process
Using control charts for data with non-constant mean?
How to compute importance sampling?
Determining regression tree quality
SAS' PROC ARIMA does not converge 
How many possibilities is there to choose 10 boxes of given size?
ARIMA identification process
Covariance matrix of uniform spherical distribution
Propagation of uncertainty/standard deviations in biological experiments
Feature naming conventions
Test for significance with no comparator
Appropriate residual degrees of freedom after dropping terms from a model
Comparing two methods of sampling from a bivariate normal distribution
Dimensionality reduction using self-organizing map
Simple problem formulation for EM algorithm
How to combine many Goodman-Kruskal gamma measures?
Computing overhead of statistical models for training?
Finding uniform minimum variance unbiased estimators
What is the minimum sample size for panel data analysis?
EM maximum likelihood estimation for Weibull distribution
When to use proportional odds model?
Formula for marginal probability in CRF++
Compare the difference of two probabilities or a ratio of probabilities?
The use of xtmixed with the quickicc command
What are the dangers of violating the homoscedasticity assumption for linear regression?
What theories should every statistician know?
How to draw neat polygons around scatterplot regions in ggplot2
Detecting increases in twitter list activity
What's statistic should I use to determine if Time Series A (economic) is a leading indicator of Time Series B (Sales)
How to interpret 3-way interaction with one continuous variable in mixed model
Calculating P-value for Spearman's rank correlation coefficient example on Wikipedia
Regression when your dependent variable is the difference between two doubly censored variables
Why is there an R^2 value (and what is determining it) when lm has no variance in the predicted value?
Significance of difference using a distance matrix
How to solve/compute for normal distribution and log-normal CDF inverse?
How to treat year variable in observational longitudinal data analysis?
Uniform minimum variance unbiased estimator
Computing 2 independent models at once leads to wrong results in WinBUGS
Can I somehow compute variance explained by PC after Oblique rotation in PCA?
How to avoid and handle survey non-response?
Normalizing reading times using analysis of variance
WinBUGS error with zero values in binomial distribution: value of order of binomial <expr> must be greater than zero
Bayesian updating using $n$ noisy observations of Brownian motion
How to generate correlated test data that has Bernoulli, categorical, and continuous vectors (in R)?
How should I set up my data for a logit model?
Expressing observations in regression
The union, intersection and complement of events
Computing the expected value using the sample mean gives poor convergence?
Linear combination of two dependent multivariate normal random variables
Most efficient order to learn LaTeX, Sweave, Beamer?
How does linear discriminant analysis reduce the dimensions?
CART analysis with multiple dependent variables
Relationship between correlation and sample variance
Reparameterizing the binomial link for psychometric data
Heading in plots by mvpart()?
Correlation of elevation data and elevation uncertainty as a function of range in a DEM
Model evaluation and comparison for selecting the best model  
How to deal with gaps/NaNs in time series data when using Matlab for autocorrelation and neural networks?
Regression with an unknown dependent variable
What is a good proposal distribution for this density (in rejection sampling)? Is mine correct?
Treatment of interactions in multiple regression
Entropy based on euclidian distances between datapoints / clusters centers?
Posterior distribution and computation of probability of a future event
Regression coefficients by group in R?
When will PCA be equivalent to ICA?
Variation of Skewness and Excess Kurtosis
How to collapse groups in data defined by a group variable in R?
Sample size planning with required CI width and guessed propotion, using "Wilson" method
Expected number of coin tosses to get N consecutive, given M consecutive
Bayesian prior corresponding to penalized regression coefficients
Confidence interval for the difference of two means using boot package in R
Given 2 lists with the same values but different ordering, how close are they to each other?
Robust variance/covariance matrix in Poisson regression
How to calculate threshold level for mutual information scores?
Estimate fatigue life parameters in R
Outliers spotting in time series analysis, should I pre-process data or not?
Using autocorrelation plots to choose the number of inputs for a neural network predicting time series
Using secondary data require normality test?
Variance of forecast's error
Cox proportional hazard model and non-randomly selected sample
Finding windows of high-correlation across coordinates in R
Rank correlation and demonstrating reasonable proficiency in rank ordering
Simulating responses to a test for item-response theory
Multiple measurements within groups test
How to find local peaks/valleys in a series of data?
Distribution of the t-statistic
What is a main difference between RBF neural networks and SVM with a RBF kernel?
Count data and binomial distribution
LMNN: Simple Algorithm Description
How to obtain the p-value (check significance) of an effect in a lme4 mixed model?
Survey weights in logistic regression models
Calculate Average Rate of Change for a Set of Points
Deriving ordered statistics minimum cdf
What types of situations would linear regression outperform randomforest?
Assessing forecastability of time series
Analysing over 300,000 rows in Excel to make pretty graphs
When parsing text for n-grams - should punctuation be included?
How can I simulate new observations to a fitted model object while specifying the covariates in R?
Cool article on behavioral targeting - How do you think they solved it?
Bayesian inference on noncentrality parameters of t- and F-distributions
Dynamic recommender systems
Probability of raining in the weekend
Similarities between different size matrices, rescaling problem
Mackey-glass regression experiments
Estimating same model over multiple time series
Fastest SVM implementation
Bandwidth value for vector of equal values in kernel density estimation
Interpretation and validation of a Cox proportional hazards regression model using R in plain English
Perfectly correlated (normal) random variables
Does control get us closer to or farther from causation?
How to resample matrices to test for the robustness of their correlation?
How to find quantiles for multivariate data using R?
Bootstrap distribution of a breakpoint not centered around its parameter estimate
What is maximum number of variables that we can use to run a cluster analysis?
Confused by MATLAB's implementation of ridge
Is there a way to test a probabilistic prediction for an uncontrollable experiment?
Given a known population size and rate of occurrence, how do I calculate a reasonable sample size?
Steps to figure out a posterior distribution when it might be simple enough to have an analytic form?
How to perform a multivariate multiple regression in R?
What are similarity measures between a line and a set of points?
How do I weight words in title, body text, and links differently in document clustering?
Simple linear regression
Sampling distribution of random effects estimator
How to handle missing data when determining differences between groups using chi-squared or Fisher's exact test
Non-parametric test for repeated measures and post-hoc single comparisons in R?
Distinguishing missing at random (MAR) from missing completely at random (MCAR)
Steps to figure out a posterior distribution when it might be simple enough to have an analytic form?
Expected value and variance of arithmetic mean of random variables
Standardized mean decomposition (Oaxaca-Blinder decomposition)
How to interpret result for MultiModelByRegression in RapidMiner?
Benefits of using genetic algorithm
Unbalanced design effect
R knn variable selection
Which "mean" to use and when?
Minimum variance unbiased estimator
Solving for regression parameters in closed-form vs gradient descent
Adjusting data for age and bmi
Looking for 2D artificial data to demonstrate properties of clustering algorithms
How are piecewise cubic spline bases constructed?
When to use Fisher and Neyman-Pearson framework?
Remove duplicates from training set for classification
How much sub-questions impact one ordinal question in a survey?
Expectation of length of a confidence interval for a proportion
Test for significant difference in ratios of normally distributed random variables
What is the level of measurement of image data?
Choosing between best two attributes with the same information gain when building decision tree
Use of robust spread measures such median average deviation and median filters for time series
Help with SEM modeling (OpenMx, polycor)
Comparing standard deviations of two dependent samples
Conditional regression for 2 SD below / above the mean
How is EM used in the sense of data mining on images?
Resampling without replacement in R, with a loop
Maximum entropy classifier and sentiment analysis
How to determine the marginal pdf, the posterior?
Given a fitted regression model, how to calculate the p-value of a new observation?
Basic question about cross validation
Averaging images
Join parameter estimation is always better than independent parameter estimation. True?
Conflicting results of Type III sum of squares in ANOVA in SAS and R
Are all attributes/data points inherently nominal?
Comparing a sample distribution to an implied distribution
Scatter plot of interaction
Expected hitting time of a level $a$ for Brownian motion
Find a mapping of two probability mass function to another probability mass function
Incremental training of Neural Networks
Posterior mean of exponential functions: how to do it with MCMC?
Measuring inter-subject agreement in user ratings
Cohen's d for 2x2 interaction
What is the most accurate way of determining an object's color?
Network graph with avatars as nodes
learn R (Statistics)
Intersubject concordance for ratings vs rankings
Convex vs. concave curve - measurement or index
How to perform post-hoc comparison on interaction term with mixed-effects model?
How do I improve my neural network stability?
Cross validation and ordinal logistic regression
How to find best split in decision trees using label vectors?
Seasonally adjusted month-to-month growth with underlying weekly seasonality
Out of sample predictions for logistic regression models in R
Open-sourced pairwise learning models
Adjusting for zero mean (standardizing) in a multiple regression model
Statistical model for my problem
Comparing odds ratios of continuous and discrete variables
Crossed random effects and unbalanced data
How do you calculate the effect size of one-sample Wilcoxon signed-rank test?
Paired t-test as a special case of linear mixed-effect modeling
What's the best way to fit this very strange-looking data?
Interpretation of a linear regression
Confidence interval and statistical significance in comparison of AUC
Least angle regression for a set of vectors?
How can I get residuals output in a variable or to act like a data frame in R?
Sequential testing
How is splitting done on numerical predictors in randomForest package in R?
I can't tell whether my data are seasonal or just affected by calendar effects
Can I use generalised least squares with a binomial distribution and a nested structure?
MCMC for infinite variance posteriors
Why is ezANOVA not giving me Mauchly´s test of sphericity, even though I belive I have more than 2 levels of within-Ss variables?
Cross correlation vs mutual information
How to follow up a 3-way interaction with one continuous variable in F-test fixed effects in mixed model
Compute areas of Venn diagram given covariance matrix?
BY and WITH command in mixed model SPSS
Create positive-definite 3x3 covariance matrix given specified correlation values
Plotting relationship between three variables in Matlab
Very different scale parameter estimates in Poisson regression
How to perform a Wilcoxon signed rank test for survival data in R?
Why is there an asymmetry between the training step and evaluation step?
Classification with tall fat data
Possible to get a better ANN by removing some connections?
What's the best Kernel Regression package in R?
Number of states and symbols in multi class Hidden Markov Model classifier
Dealing with mixed categorical data: e.g. Heritage Health Prize data
Average case analysis of learning algorithms
Large performance variance when using back-propagation in neural networks for feature extraction
PCA, LDA, CCA, and PLS
How to perform Gaussian process regression when  function being approximated changes over time? 
MRF MAP inference for non-submodular pairwise terms
Continuous Multistate Ada-boost method?
Viable distance metric for text articles
Online clustering
Probabilistic outputs from SVMs
Where do I find large face datasets?
Classification of conversations based on content
Dealing with very large time-series datasets
Beyond Fisher kernels
Are experts harmful?
What is the Drosophila of AI now?
What are probabilistic approaches to finding the right number of clusters?
Best bandit algorithm?
Independence in classification
What is a kernel and what sets it apart from other functions
In boosting, why are the learners "weak"?
How does a Support Vector Machine (SVM) work?
CCA/KCCA for more than two views
What is standing in the way of pulsed neural networks being used in applications?
Kernel matrix normalisation
Approaches when learning from huge datasets?
Automatic data cleansing
Subtree replacement vs subtree raising
Difference between dynamic programming and temporal difference learning in reinforcement learning
Decision trees and backward pruning
How can I help ensure testing data does not leak into training data?
Classifier success rate and confidence intervals
Dynamic recommender systems
Is whitening always good?
Multilayer neural networks for multivariate temporal data
Automatic feature selection for anomaly detection
Classification of observation symbols in a HMM?
At what n do n-grams become counterproductive?
Fiducial Inference in Machine Learning
Are MFCCs the optimal method of representing music to a retrieval system?
How would you design a machine learning system to play Angry Birds?
Modern neural networks that build their own topology
Why does Natural Language Processing not fall under Machine Learning domain?
How to create recommender system that integrates both collaborative filtering and content features?
What language to use for genetic programming
Are associative networks still pertinent for data mining applications?
Dealing with datasets with a variable number of features
Is there a Project Euler-alike for machine learning?
Are machine learning techniques "approximation algorithms"?
Probability and log probability in hidden Markov models
Problem specific regularization
Does a sparse training set adversely affect an SVM?
How to decide on the correct number of clusters?
Why do we assume that the error is normally distributed?
Are there algorithms for computing "running" linear or logistic regression parameters?
What are alternatives to VC-dimension for measuring the complexity of neural networks?
On what tasks does neuroevolution outperform basic application of neural networks or genetic algorithms?
Applying machine learning for DDoS filtering
Why do naive Bayesian classifiers perform so well?
What is the proper naming scheme for dataset parts?
What's the correct way to test the significance of classification results
Probabilistic (Bayesian) vs Optimisation (Frequentist) methods in Machine Learning
Domain-agnostic feature engineering that retains semantic meaning?
What is a good method for designing an HTM network in terms of depth and breadth?
Creating a maximum entropy Markov model from an existing multi-input maximum entropy classifier
Fast method for finding best metaparameters of SVM (that is faster than grid search)
How do I evaluate standard deviation?
Estimating State Space Model in R with MARSS package and shared parameters between Q and R
Convergence in distribution, probability, and 2nd mean
How to interpret a multi-variable regression model?
Generating likely populations given a subsample and control totals
Density function from percentiles (P10, P25, P75, P90, mean and median)?
Segmentation of employees
Generating from Dirichlet distribution with the differences in a sequence of ordered uniform
Quadratic term and variance inflation factor in OLS estimation
Use fitdist parameters in variables
Conditional probability problem
Train NN or SVM to classify stock signals
Poor predictions from lm.ridge?
Standard algorithms for doing hierarchical linear regression?
Estimating a linear function mapping from n-dim to 1-dim
Breakdown point of weighted median
What are the strongest boosting alternatives to Adaboost?
How to verify that the model is real?
How can I discern whether a classifier's outcome is significantly different?
Functional principal component analysis (FPCA): what is it all about?
When should dimensional-reduction be used?
Dimensionality reduction method for uncorrelated data?
Should I re-scale the PCA score before classification?
Why is this regret a good choice for a multi-armed bandit?
Testing an implementation of Bayes Factor code
How is the support in the Apriori algorithm calculated in the case of duplicates?
Likert Scales multiple answers and items
Checking normality of a Likert scaling question
Is paired t-test valid for half-normal data?
Binomial maximum likelihood expressed as a sum
To exclude or include the intercept in GLM model
Parameters to change for different kernels for SVM
Multiple testing correction
Effect size as the hypothesis for significance testing
Longitudinal modelling of ordinal censored data
Confusion on Maximum Likelihood's starting setup equation
Calculating the confidence interval for nonparametric count data? (Is it possible in GraphPad Prism?)
Interaction term as a dependant variable in LMM with R
goodness of fit? how to test if a set of simulated data distributions are well-fitted to an empirical data distribution in R or Python?
SVM rbf kernel - heuristic method for estimating gamma
r :Does rpart require normalized data set for the input variable?
Estimating a 1-D Brownian motion process using noisy observations
Testing for significance of difference between two populations
How to illustrate the "Coefficient of determination" using graphics (preferably using R)?
How to compute Wilcoxon rank-sum test in Stata?
How to test whether average of ten independent correlations is different from zero?
Explanation of R diagnostic plot for logistic regression
What can be going wrong when Maximum Likelihood standard errors are high?
Interpretation of Coefficient
Normalized correlation with a constant vector
How to measure distance for features with different scales?
Calculation of Pearson's Chi-squared statistic
Ranked/Ordinal data - 3 variables
What test - close to zero
Random effect on scale parameter
How to learn Data Analysis?
How do you call a situation or a point at wich statistics data stops changing?
When "additive modeling" is better?
Asymptotic Efficiency of Two-Stage Least Squares
Marginal of a uniform distribution
proof FGLS asymptotically efficient
Time Series Regression: serially correlated errors vs autocorrelation of residuals?
Pairwise comparison of vectors with unequal sizes and unequal variances
Detecting patterns of cheating and collusion in competition
Sequential Proportions Test
Multiple regression: What to do when the intercept is not significant?
Python packages for working with Gaussian mixture models (GMMs)
Categorical inputs in a linear regression
Is cross-validation the most important measure of a predictive model's effectiveness?
Statistics or probabilities associated to each cluster in order to predict if a future datapoint is member of its nearest center
Gaussian process hype optimization
How to perform genetic-algorithm variable selection in R for SVM input variables?
Parameter Search for SVM on the whole data
Residual analysis of cross-sectional time-series forecasts
How to retrieve model-specific information when using the caret package?
How to compare weighted multivariate linear models?
Use of autoregressive metric for ARIMA clustering and analysis
Can every retrospective cohort study be transformed into a case control study?
Issues when data is unavailable when sampling a finite population without replacement
Discrete event simulation with 2D data
Confidence intervals for a polynomial
Is there a way to disable the parameter tuning (grid) feature in CARET?
Gaussian process predictor
Checking If two experiments match
Getting R square value from ctree
How to use ppoints to generate points within 0 and 0.05 for qq plotting in R?
Interpreting effect size
How should mixed effects models be compared and or validated?
Most interesting statistical paradoxes
How does the expected value relate to mean, median, etc. in a non-normal distribution?
Fitting panel data with both variable and constant coefficients using R
When is distance covariance less appropriate than linear covariance?
Is AR(1) a Markov process?
Building an index when Z-standardization will exaggerate certain variables
What is the proper name of this optimal-policy area chart, and how can I make one?
Why does GBM predict different values for the same data
How do I calculate probability
Strange kernlab's relevance vector machine predictions
Statistical test for a value being significantly further from the population mean: is it a Z-test or a T-test?
Correlation of the result of an algorithm to the coefficient of variation of the input
Grid search and tolerance in libsvm
Are there problems with inference using linear regression on observational data with highly skewed distributions of predictor values?
How to draw B-spline plots via the PROC GLIMMIX procedure in SAS?
Good statistical software system for teaching response surface design?
How to interpret "weight-position" plot when using self-organizing map for clustering?
Invertibility of AR(p) model
How to compute confidence interval for number to treat in a logistic regression?
What are some good (ideally free) tools to give laymen access to basic statistical techniques?
Choosing covariance function
Is there a way to specify a lme model with more than one within-subjects factor?
How do I compute a confidence level for a forced ranking survey?
Model with truncated count response
What factors make for a great stats book?
Good starting book on psychometrics
Statistical model of a website
Deriving posterior of Beta distribution
What is the distribution for modeling the number of successes in a specific order in N trials?
Precision recall curve for nearest neighbor classifier
How to forecast based on aggregated data over irregular intervals?
Use of PCA analysis to select variables for a regression analysis
What common forecasting models can be seen as special cases of ARIMA models?
General Non-linear Regularized Models
How does SAS calculate exact non-parametric statistics?
How to analyze this dataset with 2 between-, two within- factors using lme4?
Correlation coefficient for use with nonlinear finite sets
SAS: When using "by" statement, what does "var1 = ." mean in output?
Reproducing ARIMA model outside R
Survival analysis - help with determining source of error
How to handle changing definitions of regions over time in data?
Linear model Heteroscedasticity
Shape detection for time series data
Is my interpretation of Neural Network results correct?
Inferring a likely full population from multinomial measurement or survey data
Objective function in linked prediction models
Analyzing Logistic Regression when not using a dichotomous dependent variable
Marginalizing probability
How do you report significant contrast results for a MANOVA in APA style?
Why are my p-values so high?
Ranking algorithm of different weighted resources
Speeding up R Loops in an EM algorithm implementation
Coding of categorical variables in logistic regression
Mean of a product of Gaussians
What is French data analysis?
How to correlate ordinal and nominal variables in SPSS?
Test to match different Likert scaled variables
Pre-process classification data according to ‘amount of evidence’
Calculating p-values and pnorm() in R
Which kind of statistical test should I try for a sample with bivariate data?
Non-linear (e.g. RBF kernel) SVM with SCAD penalties implementation
Summarize contingency table in R
How can I produce a plot showing the directional angles of my points?
How to sample natural numbers, such that the sum is equal to a constant?
Probability distribution of windowed cross-correlation
Question about logistic regression
Forecast with arima model
How to calculate the missing values of this sequence effectively?
Convergence failure with step-by-step parameter estimates in SAS proc logistic using the OFFSET option
How much does quantizing continuous data affect power?
Testing strict exogeneity in time series
Partial least squares regression in R: why is PLS on standardized data not equivalent to maximizing correlation?
Dividing an estimate with confidence limits
How can conditional be substituted with a function of same variable?
How to generate a group summary categorical variable for survival analysis in Stata?
Multiple values in a timestamp
AUC in ordinal logistic regression
How to correlate two time series, with possible time differences
How to select the final model with elastic net feature selection, cross validation and SVM?
Non-linear regularized SVM implementation
Broken Tobit regressions
3 heads in a sequence when a fair coin is tossed 5 times
How can I perform a t-test (or another hypothesis test) on NPS (Net Promoter Score) results?
Graphical nominal model
Should estimates over a subsample be similar to the full sample when using panel data?
Orthogonalized regression reference?
What's a good normality test for time-series / sleep data?
How do I calculate single variable confidence intervals assuming different distributions with R?
How to make sense of "luck" in a multilinear regression?
Why Levene test of equality of variances rather than F ratio?
$\eta^2$ and paired t-tests
To use Discrete Fourier Transform to invert a covariance matrix
How to know when to stop reducing dimensions with PCA?
Dealing with R type of variables when doing multiple imputation with the mi package
Can a repeated measures-design be non-temporal in nature?
Almon Model for Distributed Time Series Analysis
Crash course in robust mean estimation
Help with multilinear regression model selection
How to use the Laplace approximation to fit a spatial GLM model
Model averaging in prediction -- "Wisdom of the Crowd"
Communicating Regression Model Results
Is the binomial effect size display (BESD) a misleading representation of effect size?
Need help on Gibbs sampling with truncated normal and gamma
How does one cross-validate a model of binomially distributed data?
Interpreting R's ur.df (Dickey-Fuller unit root test) results
Non-negative coefficient restriction in stacked regression
What's a good tool to create Sankey diagrams?
How to choose between ANOVA and ANCOVA in a designed experiment?
Applying principal component analysis on variables of different dimensions?
Is the absolute value of distance covariance a metric?
Bootstrap intervals from a sample not obtained with 'boot'
Using kknn regression on a time series
Open source implementation elastic net in C or C++
K-Means Clustering variable results depending on sort order of data
Public databases of learned HMM models for NLP
Quantiles for non-normal cdf
Box-Cox transformation for mixed models
One sentence explanation of the AIC for non-technical types
Practical PCA tutorial with data
Clustering with probabilities
How to cross-classify two categorical variables?
Confidence interval for the biggest difference between means
How to compare observed distribution to sampled distributions, using cumulative distibution function?
Using R and plm to estimate fixed-effects models that include interactions with time
How to assess whether weighted samples come from the same distribution?
Sample size determination for Bayesian logistic regression
Ljung-Box test: Basic Questions
PCA on original variables vs. PCA on residuals
If you use 10-fold cross validation, which tree is representative?
Binary Classification of Multiple Groups
Why isn't this a problem with heritability studies?
How can I prove the experiment data follows heavy-tail distribution?
Realtime data change detection
Cannot determine the P-value
Why would one want to carry out an orthogonalized (gram schmit) regression?
Are there linear multiple regression methods resilient to missing data?
Which measure to use to classify some distributions
How can I calculate a rate between two "moving" data sets?
Formula for p-value of Tukey HSD
Is 2-sigma limit applicable as a measure of variance to a distribution?
How exactly does Chi-square feature selection work?
Coding the regresssion model with several binary variables
Why dummy variables rather than one "factor" variable in modelling?
Binomial random variables versus chi-square for A/B testing?
Analyze proportions
Simulating financial strategies with given value-at-risk (VaR) and mean
Multiple regression with constraints on coefficients
Winning percentage -- logistic regression or linear regression?
Chi-square test problem (and some more maybe)
Using a random variable to represent a distribution?
Treating a variable as categorical or continuous
Is it ever good to increase significance level?
Gibbs sampler from conditional distribution
What is the probability of n people from a list of m people being in a random selection of x people from a list of y people?
Perturbations of rational numbers with random variables
How can I calculate central moments of a joint pdf?
Mahalanobis distance via PCA when $n<p$
Effect size and statistical significance
How to choose the best transformation to achieve linearity?
Interaction terms
Cross validation for transformed and untransformed outcome
How to apply coefficient term for factors and interactive terms in a linear equation?
How do I detect shifts in sales mix?
Low probability levels when doing logistic regression
Categorical variable with a lot of levels and interaction
How to limit impact of a predictor when doing multiple regression?
Matched Analysis with Complex Survey Data
How to compute median conditional on several factors in hierarchical data?
How to simulate multivariate outcomes in R?
Cost Benefit/Effectiveness
Benchmark dataset for decision tree algorithm
Model stability in cross-validation of regression models
Most probable value given predictions with confidence levels
Logical reasons for choosing regression through the origin
Creating tree splits in Hough forest 
Correlated samples from a Laplace or Cauchy distribution
Can I fit a mixed model with subjects that only have 1 observation?
Choosing attributes for clustering/classification
Significance testing of slopes with replicates
Weighing contrasts differently for unbalanced designs
How does one derive the Fisher-consistency correction factor for Rousseeuw and Croux's $S_n$ (and $Q_n$)?
How to sample from a Wishart distribution?
Binomial trials required to achieve a given probability of at least one success
Fitting a non-linear random effects model with binomial error structure
Can I ignore coefficients for non-significant levels of factors in a linear model?
How to resample in R without repeating permutations?
Betweenness centrality applied to Amazon books graph
Given a set of sub-graphs, how to infer the underlying graph?
Multi task learning
When is a repeated measures ANOVA preferred over a mixed-effects model?
Probability of MSB=1 for a n-bit discrete random variable while we have a noisy estimate for it
Is it at all defensible to stratify a data set by the size of the residual and do a two-sample comparison?
Lorenz curve and Gini coefficient for measuring classifier performance
Sum of Chi-squared Variables
Is there a formula or rule for determining the correct sampSize for a randomForest?
Residualize a binary variable to remedy multicollinearity?
Neural network and logistic regression not yielding output for certain inputs
Time variable in Longitudinal data set mixed model question
glmer() warning message help
How to detect intermittent time series?
Correlated errors between variables [between / within subjects, within variables, everything]!
Comparing logistic regression models of winning percentage
Bayesian inference on a sum of iid real-valued random variables
To what degree is FWE correction required for multiple permutation based t-tests
Hierarchical modeling when data not missing at random
Is there a test in R whose null hypothesis is that there is a difference between the means of two populations?
Two successive binomial experiments performed by two different groups of individuals
Gaussian ARMA process with non-gaussian innovations
How to fit the coefficients of a first order linear auto-regressive function without noise in the model, and the coefficient are equal?
Convergence in probability and $L_2$ for normal random variables
Why do I get exact singularity when I add a dummy variable to a multinomial logistic using R mlogit?
Is homogeneity of variances required for changepoint analysis?
Hypergeometric trials - Number of trials needed to achieve a given probability
Sequential experiment: controlled design and metrics
Calibrating a household survey to household-level and person-level control totals
How to take account for industry and year effects?
Please help to understand Agresti's book
How to get ellipse region from bivariate normal distributed data?
Binomial distribution confidence interval for log plot
Distribution of complex results for pool of ten-sided dice, specific to custom tabletop RPG system
How to capture competitive spatial interactions between multiple stores and customers
Omitted dummy variable coefficient in OLS
Missing rates and multiple imputation
Visualizing many p-values
Markov models with conditional transition probabilities
Online material to learn time series analysis
AIC and deviance don't agree
Comparing concentrations of proteins in controls and people with a certain disease
Analyzing logistic regression coefficients
Analyzing categorical data where the last category is unbounded
SVM options in scikit-learn
How to do a pretty scatter plot in R?
A multitrait-multimethod matrix and data set
The approach of labelling a collection of documents using a shared topic
How to assess performance of an algorithm delivering solutions of varying quality?
Traffic visualization in Excel: five sources, two metrics, month-by-month
Calculating energy output of a pellet stove using time series
How to recognize repeated movement patterns of mouse behavior using OpenCV?
Using ordinal regression to evaluate predictor "importance"?
Advantages and disadvantages of SVM
Pre-post distribution comparisons
How can I perform a chi-square test for independence on signal samples?
R packages for performing topic modeling / LDA: just `topicmodels` and `lda`
Fitting polytomous logistic regression with R
Fitting multiple linear regression in R: autocorrelated residuals
MCAR assumption is plausible should I do MI?
How to impute data without missing at random?
How to highlight predefined groups in PCA individual map?
How to interpret variance and correlation of random effects in a mixed-effects model?
Detecting deviation of one time-series variable from a set of others
Problem with lagged covariates
Multicollinearity when individual regressions are significant, but VIFs are low
Analysing log and square-root transformed variables
Classification techniques for incremental attributes
How to compare joint distribution to product of marginal distributions?
How to convert nominal dataset into numerical dataset?
How can I test for a difference between ordered groups?
Estimating the mutual information for two signal samples
Moderated regression for categorical, within-subjects variable
How to reduce dimension for text document dataset?
Non-conjugate improper uniform priors in Bayesian data analysis: how to handle infinite sums?
Problem with integrating exponential function in R
How can I check whether two signals are jointly normally distributed?
How to calculate zipf exponent of page degree distribution?
SVM vs. artificial neural network
Interaction of categorical and continuous variable using GLM in SPSS
Clustering short time series
Problem in discrete valued time series forecasting
Back propagation neural network data input advice
How to identify quickly an aproximative number of clusters from a relatively small dataset
Trouble using convert() in RTAQ package
Mining search logs to improve autocomplete suggestions?
How to bound the output of a regression model?
Can you improve Adjusted R Squared in Multiple Regression with current data?
Priors for hierarchial Bayesian binomial model
Clustering of mixed type data with R
Testing overlapping binary and categorical data
mathematics books for studying Econometrics PhD
Transformation of random variables
Proportional hazards assumption meaning
"War stories" a la Skiena for clustering analysis?
Isn't a test for cointegration the same as testing for heteroskedasticity in the residual error terms?
Alternative name for "incidence rate ratio"
Why law of large numbers does not apply in the case of Apple share price?
Normalizing a 2D-histogram and getting the marginals
Ellipse region shape from bivariate normal distributed data?
Why were results from PROC MIXED same as PROC GLIMMIX?
If the dependent variable in a multiple regression is not normally distributed
Test for proportions and binary classifier
Quantile intervals vs. highest posterior density intervals
What range of sample size would increase the likelihood of finding significance in a 2x3 chi square?
How to correctly treat multiple data points per each subject
Moore-Penrose generalized determinant
Martingale Residuals and Schoenfeld Residuals
Are non-square latin hypercubes viable?
Increase the sample size of a Latin Hypercube study?
How to measure smoothness of a time series in R?
How to use statistics to help buy a house?
What method is used to calculate confidence intervals in R's MASS package function confint.glm?
Floating Point Overflow while computing the Kaplan-Meier estimator in SAS
ANOVA in SAS: Not Statistically Significant but LSMEANS says is?
Resampling large dataset
Using glmnet to solve the LASSO problem
Fine tuning a dotplot in R's lattice package
Full posterior vs Bayesian Information Criterion for selecting number of HMM states
Count rows/cases in PSPP
How to test the statistical significance of the difference of two univariate Linear Regression betas?
How to use ggplot to do the binned quantile plots(one type of scatter plot)?
Mathematica SmoothKernelDistribution equivalent in R
Linear Discriminant Analysis for Training and Testing of data sets
Does it make sense to measure recall in recommender systems?
Bootstrapping with replacement
What are alternatives to uniform distribution when trying to fit observed data distribution?
What value a Bayesian Net?
Trick in survey design for "problematic" questions
Identification of significant variables where dependent variable is categorical
Least stupid way to forecast a short multivariate time series
How to organize the data for this repeated-measure within-subject setup?
Training models on data that may be incorrectly classified?
Discrete scenarios from an ARMA forecast
Should I randomize survey questions if a respondent will fill in identically structured forms multiple times?
Computing Lorenz asymmetry cofficient (S)
Beta Weights Equivalent?
Most used name for Dirichlet Compound Multinomial dist (aka Dirichlet-Multinomial, Multivariate Polya)?
Difference between one-tailed and two-tailed testing?
Compare fits of model to transformed and untransformed response
Panel data model estimation with dummy variables
What is the decision-theoretic justification for Bayesian credible interval procedures?
Finding the MLE for a univariate exponential Hawkes process
Interpreting coefficients of ordinal logistic regression when there is clustering within the data
When is it appropriate to use PCA?
Bootstrap p.value, Wilcoxon rank sum or other test?
Probability that random variable B is greater than random variable A
Capturing the relationships among model variables based on ANOVA table
Testing whether the ratio of two sums is equal to a certain value
Can I use glm algorithms to do a multinomial logistic regression?
Comparing predictions from different regression equations
How do I test whether differences in populations are significant?
Can a -2 Log likelihood be calculated with only one model?
Meta-analysis in R with multiple SNPs
Interpreting negative beta coefficients
Maximum value of Chi squared while keeping marginal frequencies
Pregibon test for linearity vs. Ramsey's RESET test
Significance contradiction in linear regression: significant t-test for a coefficient vs non-significant overall F-statistic
How to reference GLM?
Sufficient statistics
Nonparametric bootstrap confidence interval
How to get the actual regression value from regression analysis in R statistical package
Is there a reliable recursive formula for a simple moving average (moving mean)?
Different factor levels in R
Calculate ratings
Transformation by subtraction (for continuous data arbitrarily limited in the experiment)
Difficulty in understanding Hidden Markov Model for syntax parsing using Viterbi algorithm
52 variables after backward variable selection on logistic regression on 160 variable at beginning, whether it is illusion or good modeling
Interpreting Granger causality test's results
Introduction to Kalman filters
Probability of a user participating in a thread
Hypothesis test for binomially distributed variable with large n and small p
Is a Bayesian network doing feature selection?
Grid Search for Polynomial Kernel
SVM parameter selection with NM simplex (or other algorithms)
k-subset with maximal variance
Finding the Bayesian classifier for a bivariate Gaussian distribution
Percentile calculation for the combined group
What method is suitable for short-term forecast for a trendless, oscillatory, bounded time series?
Testing the significance of differences in frequencies across treatments using $\chi^2$ test
Can I compute cross correlation after decomposition?
When can I use STL decomposition?
Algorithms for clustering documents by similar words and phrases
Interpreting discrepancies between R and SPSS with exploratory factor analysis
Incorporating a treatment into a classification scheme
Bayesian inference on partitioned multivariate Gaussian
Calculating risk of disease
Combined odds ratio
Types of dispersion parameter for binomial data
Cross-validation vs empirical Bayes for estimating hyperparameters
Regression vs classification within decision trees in OpenCV
Dropping unused levels in facets with ggplot2
Advantage of central moment over moment?
Simple regression models for data with a breakpoint
Determining appropriate sample rate for count data
In matlab, results from anova1 and multcompare disagree?
Combination of two Gaussians
Interpreting coefficients for Poisson regression
Why are derived features used in neural networks?
Where is the shared variance between all IVs in a linear multiple regression equation?
How do I satisfy the nonlinearity of my regression function with this plot image?
Learning measurement uncertainty; could not find any online resources
How to account for lag in a simple regression in R?
Zipf-Mandelbrot distribution citation
What type of test to use to determine correlation/relationship between two non-continuous varaibles
Significant model with no significant betas?
How do you interpret the coefficients in PROC GLIMMIX and PROC GENMOD?
Tool to draw normal QQ-plot with 45 degree reference line
Can somebody offer an example of a unimodal distribution which has a skewness of zero but which is not symmetrical?
SEM with binary dependent variable
Interpreting Omitted Variables
How do I fit a simple filter with R?
Whether to include time as a covariate in repeated measures analysis
Optimal parameter selection by repeated  k-fold
What is the best training method for 15-30k records with 5-12 features to classify data into 2 groups?
When two events $A$ and $B$ have no result in common
Computation of new standard deviation using old standard deviation after change in dataset
Are benchmarking and post-stratification equivalent?
Probability Plot (P-P plot): to what corresponds the straight line?
Bayesion priors in ridge regression with scikit learn's linear model
significan​t lags in causality test?
Constructing a Bayesian Classifier in R
Difference between marginal and conditional models
How to choose between ANOVA and regression?
Negative Binomial Regression and Heteroskedasticity
Multiple imputation of time variables -- which step to impute?
Least squares logistic regression
How to obtained composite index using factor analysis on likert scale data
Good algorithm for processing positional estimates
Mixed effects models issue and correlation question. Getting desperate
Significance tests
Normalization/comparison-when the observed cardinality is a random variable, over finite sets
Regression by means of polyserial correlations in R
Distribution of sum of squares error for linear regression?
Is it appropriate to run correlations first and then a regression?
Impose several restrictions on systems of eqns in R using systemfit package
Combining experimental error in a mean
Command-line tool to calculate basic statistics for stream of values
Notation of estimators (tilde vs. hat)
Estimate the population variance from a set of means
How to understand standardized residual in regression analysis?
Can two random variables have the same distribution, yet be almost surely different?
22 word frequency Variable has been selected for predicting whether tomorrow is up or down day (binary target), how to interpret
How to compare two distance matrices?
Abusing Linear Models under Multicollinearity: Simulation for 'realistic' movement of predictors
Hand calculated confidence intervals after logit regression, symmetric or not?
Numerical or computational method to generate density estimate
Inter-rater reliability of time measurements
Forecasting the target variable vs building a causal model and forecasting causal variables
Sample size for clinical trials, when effect size is predicted
A priori selection of SVM class weights 
The distribution of an estimator
Comparing clusterings: Rand Index vs Variation of Information
Categorical variables in multinomial logistic regression end up converted into binary variables
Hierarchical Bayesian Model (?)
Does multi-response linear regression introduce artificial correlation among response residuals?
How to fit a smooth curve to data in order to mimic an elbow?
Logistic Regression - Getting Pearson Standardized Residuals in R vs Stata
How to assess whether two treatments are significantly different using Cohen's d (effect size)?
Imputation to account for systematic error in survey responses
Halton sequence vs Sobol' sequence?
Correlation between matrices in R
Life after the Box-Cox transformation
How to get an R-squared for a loess fit?
Choosing the right test when comparing two groups: Mann-Whitney, Kolmogorov-Smirnov or other?
Results on Monte Carlo estimates produced by importance sampling
What's the chance for one to die in a car accident in their life-time?
How to extract daily values from 16-day dataset throughout a year?
Fitting the parameters of a stable distribution
Identity of moment-generating functions
How to assess correlation when each variable is measured by independent replicates?
Comparing multiple regression to iterated linear regressions
Conditional probability question
How to identify if relationship between two categorical variables is significant or not?
How to build a linear mixed-effects model in R?
What sample statistics is increasing (or non-decreasing) as data grows
Proper interpretation for error analysis
Fixing error variance in a path analysis to model measurement error in scales using sem package
Bayesian plots: construction and interpretation
Adaptive Regularization of Weights (AROW): classification dependent on feature index
What is the probability of rolling all faces of a die after n number of rolls
Heteroskedasticity, autocorrelation robust standard errors for SPSS
Compound distribution in Bayesian sense vs. compound distribution as random sum
How to calculate the confidence interval for time-series prediction?
Classification of multiple time series and case level attributes
Interpreting plot of residuals vs. fitted values from Poisson regression
2 period difference-in-differences fixed effects versus OLS
Understanding and applying sentiment analysis
The Birthday Problem, revisited...? 
Classification with one dominant predictor
How to get odds ratio in a table in SPSS?
Calculate Mantel-Haenszel test in R
Time-wise treatment effect / survival analysis
Efficiency as a dependent variable
How to find the minimum range(start/end) which covers 95% of items in a numerical list?
Gibbs Sampling for Gaussian Mixtures
What is the difference between simple linear model and loess model?
How to interpret regression coefficients for a variable with takes positive and negative values?
Mutual information with a Dirac delta type pdf
Geometric mean of two numbers
Normalized mutual information using cardinalities
How is $\chi^2$ value converted to p-value?
Visualizing Likert responses using R or SPSS
The input parameters for using latent Dirichlet allocation
Control Chart Structure - X axis
Color standards for control charts
Base classifiers for boosting
Mathematically manipulating error resources
How do I evaluate relationships between 500 binary attributes and corresponding continuous score?
Extrapolate lowest/highest value from partial sample
Testing significance of individual coefficients in multi-linear regression
What is a reasonable independence test for a time series?
Measure score change over time while accounting for baseline differences
Sampling distribution of average of some covariance matrices
How to select discrete cosine transform coefficients as a feature vector?
Generate a probability distribution from a histogram with two peaks in matlab
How to expand data frame in R
Recommended reading for understanding when the bootstrap will fail?
How to learn fitting models?
Using SparseM/Matrix Sparse Matrix in training SVM from e1071 returning different results from same data in standard matrix
A Monte Carlo confidence interval method for the maximum of a uniform distribution?
Adjusting data for missing observations
Figured out models but issues with object not being found and dredge command
Writing the density of a continuous random variable in terms of a probability
Misspecified levels in multilevel mixed logit model
How to interpret this criterion of logistic regression result
How to the predict the number of daily visitors in six months' time based on the past three?
unstandardized coefficients where mean-centered X variables have +/- values from 0
Is there a way to predict change based on data?
Naive Bayes for two continuous features
How to report accuracy of predicted classifications with CI when using k-fold CV?
How to explore/model this problem?
Interpretation of bootstrap question
How to decompose a time series with multiple seasonal components?
How many samples should be taken to capture the mean and variance of the original set with given error?
Help choosing the optimal time series analysis package
how to use model.avg
Difference between G-test and t-test and which should be used for A/B testing?
Simple combination/probability question based on string-length and possible-characters
How to choose between the different Adjusted $R^2$ formulas?
Approach to testing difference from a bivariate null distribution generated by randomization
What are good references on calculating confidence intervals using subsampling or the delete-d jackknife?
Are gridlines and grey backgrounds chartjunk and should they be used only on an exception basis?
Difference between sample variance and statistic variance
How to interpret logistic regression with days of the week and months of the year as predictors together with continuous and binary predictors?
Testing for statistically significant difference in time series?
Correlation between dichotomous and continuous variable
Understanding forecasting in R
ANCOVA or repeated measures ANOVA?
What test should I use with shannon diversity index values?
How can I prove that the cumulative distribution function is right continuous?
Randomness vs. optimization
Are there popular dimensionality reduction tools for classification type supervised learning?
Which statistical method should be used in the study of stability of an enzyme?
What do the bias units represent in a restricted boltzmann machine?
LDA, Significance of orthonormality- Trace Ratio Maximization
A question about a formula for lmer
Bootstrap vs numerical integration
Weibull moment generating function and Gamma function
Does it make sense to consider non-binary logit?
Probit estimation - insignificant coefficients with a significant difference
Estimated Marginal Means or means from descriptives?
Can I include year as an independent variable in this nested logistic regression design?
Using plm to account for non-individual fixed-effects in R
Formulating a hypothesis test about dependence
When to use bootstrap vs. bayesian technique?
What is the probability P(X > Y) given X ~ Be(a1, b1), and Y ~ Be(a2, b2), and X and Y are independent?
Feature selection for disease classification based on tests
Initial steps with logistic regression
Are rejection regions always open/closed?
Comparing two binary variables of unequal sizes
I need a new and improved DFT
Is this a correct procedure for feature selection using cross-validation?
Probit ordered model for non-normal distribution of outcomes
Can the influence of a different factor on a known effect be analyzed directly?
Distribution of random effects
Statistical insignificance
Divide-and-conquer approach for hierarchical clustering
Asymptotic normality in linear mixed-effects models
How to calculate predicted hazard rates from a Cox PH model?
How to get p value and confidence intervals for nls functions?
Conditions on Normal Random Variable
Relative variable importance values vs. magnitude of effect
Proportion Estimates - Shrink to the Mean Based on Sample Size
How to tell when factors "disagree" in linear regression to produce noisy predictions?
What can be gained by including the distribution of the dependent variable in a GLM?
Deriving OLS estimates using method of moments
How do I get overlapping probability?
Improving an estimate of mean with observations of sign
Plot by cdplot in R doesn't fit with data
Analysing periodicity in sparse time series
How to compare measurement data resulting from automatic processing vs. visual inspection?
How does pooling and resampling affect variance of sample mean?
WiFi localization using machine learning
How to choose the best of two highly correlated predictors in cox proportional hazards regression
Visualise and interpret large set of univariate skewed data
Multi-value categorical attributes in R
What is the distribution of the euclidean distance between two random points in 2d space?
Kendall's tau and independence
How does one get the gamma distribution parameters from a word problem description?
How can I group strings by common themes?
Variance explained by random effects using lme4
How to use chi-squared (or Bayesian) to detect non-chance variations in matrix of frequencies?
Problem with negative values when simulating multivariate data using rmvnorm
Relationship between $R^2$ and MAE in forecasting
Understanding what a factor is in a model
Predict future student outcomes (binary and continuous) with historic cross-sectional data?
Power of chi-square test for goodness-of-fit as function of sample size
Problem with e1071 libsvm?
Obtaining predicted values (Y=1 or 0) from a logistic regression model fit
P-value of a survival ROC c-index
How to, or what is the best way, to apply propensity scores after matching?
Logistic regression and complementary log log model
Bayesian Analysis in R/WinBUGS and SAS (Proc MCMC)
MLE vs least squares in fitting probability distributions
Why is the expected value of the number of trials before the first success larger than the number of trials with a 50% probability of success?
How to find classifier success performance?
Using offset in binomial model to account for increased numbers of patients
What is the difference between spatial dependence and spatial (auto)correlation?
Are there any simple techniques to remove/detect fluctuations during training in matlab plot?
Probability density function from a set of data
Large data set for testing kernel logistic regression
How to classify country names given possible alternate spellings or abbreviations?
Model validation after fitting a negative binomial GLM in R
How to deal with a 2x2 experimental design if the dependent variable is dichotomous?
How to interpret results of a $\chi^2$ test of independence?
Characterizing datasets and estimating statistically significant differences?
Fitting constrained hierarchical models in JAGS
How to apply clustering analysis to help identify criminal entities out from credit card usage data?
Which numbers are least likely to be selected by people in a lottery?
Statistics regarding different data sets having a common response variable
How to input self-defined distance function in R?
Why is a deterministic trend process not stationary?
How is the complexity of the relationship between pattern and category quantified?
How should I analyse cyclic load times?
Visualizing the calibration of predicted probability of a model
How robust is ANOVA to violations of normality?
Bracket Theory and Probability
Using variations of ANCOVA for non-normal distributions
When to use correlation as effect size when performing meta-analysis with diverse predictors?
How to correctly calculate linear model variable effects?
What's the recommended method for charting low values?
Computing probability of proportions of (possibly) overlapping sets
Can I use the output of one neural network as labelled training data?
Hypothesis test
Self study vs a taught education?
Binary classification problem
Sampling the outcome of a function in R
How to do post-hoc tests with logistic regression?
Estimating Poisson waiting times: using the last, censored sample?
How to fill in missing values to a data set?
Feature selection for the text mining?
Belief propagation on MRF with complex cliques
Do low-discrepancy sequences work in discrete spaces?
What are the distributions on the positive k-dimensional quadrant with parametrizable covariance matrix?
What model should I use for this research?
Regression equation
Nonlinear regression / Curve fitting with L-infinity norm
Why is the arithmetic mean > median on a histogram skewed to the right?
Summation of conditional probability in Bayesian network
How to interpret non-significant effect of a covariate in ANCOVA?
Analysis of speed-accuracy tradeoff in lmer
Generation of orthogonal matrices "close" to identity
Regarding the R packages that share the similar functionalities of NLTK toolkit
Topic models for short documents
Sampling with inclusion/exclusion criteria from known distribution
Locating Streitberg Rohmel paper
Increase training performance of a neural network with low learning rate?
Estimating the distribution from data
Probability that a component belongs to a giant component
Significance test for two mean differences? Like a t-test but for comparing differences
How to perform correspondence analysis on ordinal data in SPSS?
Autocorrelated predictors in linear models
Is there a rule of thumb on the relationship between the number of instances and the number of features?
Reporting significance in Kruskal Wallis test
Generating data with given regression coefficients
Is it meaningful to test equality of two coefficients, one significant, the other insignificant?
Identifying outliers
How to incorporate sample groups?
Cross Validation using NON-independent Data
Calculating parameters of a binomial distribution
Why ANOVA/Regression results change when controlling for another variable
References on non-linear regression analysis
How to deal with multicollinearity when performing variable selection?
Comparing principal components if number of variables changes
How to get rid of heterogeneity of regression slopes using multilevel modeling?
Association between 2 categorical data (using SPSS)
Is an implementation of a density function for a logit-normal distribution available in R?
What is the distribution of the error around logistic growth data?
Cox regression - Hazard and Survival Estimates?
Hidden Markov model implementation
What book is recommendable to start learning statistics using R at the same time?
Can statistics help in inventory management decisions?
Simple introduction to MCMC with Dirichlet process prior?
Generative modeling of a mix of continous and discrete variables
Can two RM ANOVAs be run including one variable that is the same but this variable only be significant in one of the ANOVAs?
Feature selection weighting 2 filters in Naive Bayes
Comparing two discrete distributions (with small cell counts)
Probability that a quadratic equation with random coefficients has two real solutions?
How to avoid exact fit at entry level in decision tree?
How do to calculate Likelihood Ratio Test/Power in hypothesis testing?
Experimentwise alpha for 2-way ANOVA
Comparing smoke and hormones level in two groups of people. Which test?
Does Julia have any hope of sticking in the statistical community?
Software packages that can construct feature representation for a given text file using N-gram model
Issues in pattern recognition and plots
How does regression with and without intercept followed by test of stationarity affect cointegration test?
Difference between VARX and ADL models
Test if the value of a function f(i, j) depends more on the choice of i than on the choice of j
What is the effect size for the interaction of a 2X2X2 contingency table?
Multiple linear regression for hypothesis testing
Is Bayesian nonlinear regression using conjugate priors possible?
Trend analysis in temperature time series
Regarding using bigram (N-gram) model to build feature vector for text document
Feature selection without target variable
Normality test for small samples
Checking a panel unit root test in R done manually
Expected value of spurious correlation
Advanced Excel graphs
How do you do bootstrapping with time series data?
Tests significative with parametric calculations and non-significative with non-parametric ones!
What distribution is most commonly used to model server response time?
Assigning new observations into existing clusters made from a distance matrix
Things to consider about masters programs in statistics
Dynamic consistency and multilevel models using lmer
How to deal with multicollinearity issue when analyzing survey results?
Clustering trajectory patterns with lot of missing values
how to find a linear combination of predictors maximizing correlation between its score and dependent variable in R
Bootstrapping in R
Marginal prior distribution with restricted parameters
How to identify outliers from a Gumbel distribution with known parameters?
Is there a preferred panel chart layout?
What are the primary differences between Taxometric analyses (e.g., MAXCOV, MAXEIG) and Latent Class analyses?
What to do when a NN learns a static representation for a large chunk of your dataset?
Definition of "Natural Images" in the context of machine learning
Is a log transformation a valid technique for t-testing non-normal data?
Optimal case/control ratio in a case-control study
How can one do "two series" Fourier analyses in R?
What are some useful guidelines for GBM parameters?
Use of propensity score in a case-control study
Clustering the elliptic Fourier series coefficients
Clustering distributions
How to classify new cases in discriminant analysis exactly as SPSS does?
Best Practices for Using Geodemographic Segmentation Data
How to calculate probabilities for a 4 by 2 table?
Are the variable types here considered correct?
Lag Selection Modelling 'Pseudo' Panel Data
What is the purpose of and how to use the xreg argument when fitting ARIMA model in R?
Negative Expectation of a constant is positive or negative
What sort of problems is backpropagation best suited to solving, and what are the best alternatives to backprop for solving those problems?
Pre-processing time series data for data mining / predictive modeling input
What is hierarchical prior in Bayesian statistics?
Overarching multiple comparison test for correlations?
Implementing an ordered probit model in pymc
Sum of lognormal distributed insurance claims
A Stats 101 question with a real world application
Why would R return NA as a lm() coefficient?
How to analyze mood data over time?
Is the R language reliable for the field of economics?
Licensing of analytical code and data - which license to use, and what issues?
Post-hoc tests after Kruskal-Wallis: Dunn's test or Bonferroni corrected Mann-Whitney tests?
Is it possible to calculate AIC and BIC for lasso regression models?
Should I remove a variable from a PCA analysis if it is the only variable to load on a component?
Why LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) works (i.e. why put co-occurring words together)?
Bayesian approach to modelling the prediction interval from a parametric model
How to determine if predictor in piece-wise linear regression is significant?
Change in gene expression over time for different environments when each individual can only be sampled once?
How does one measure the non-uniformity of a distribution?
Minimax estimator for the mean of a Poisson distribution
Logistic regression in R returning NA values
Finding critical region of statistic when the distribution of the transform of the statistic is known
Guess level of measurement of unknown data
What post-hoc test can be used on data with missing values?
How to 'sum' a standard deviation?
Visualizing PCA time series
How to help people understand "...per 100,000"?
Alpha Expansion algorithm over graph with vertices having different sets of labels
Probability of a randomly generated string being already present in a data set
Combining principal component analysis and partial least squares
Test randomness of a generated password?
How to get coefficients from princomp object in R?
How well the experiment would do in excluding alternative hypothesis?
Interpretation of $R^2$ in simple regression
Regarding the size of training data for building classifier
Repeated-measures ANCOVA in R?
Confidence interval scoring
Cross-correlation of massive arrays
Combining Deterministic and Random Unbiased Estimators
Regime-switching regression
Lagging over a grouped time series
Same Joint Distribution, different conditional and marginal distribution
Random-effects anova
Changing the scale of a variable to 0-100
Computing standard error in weighted mean estimation
A question about hypothesis testing and maximum likelihood ratio test
What problems should I watch out for when combining multiple time series?
Ruby as a statistics workbench
How to determine the number of clusters when using correlation as the distance?
Inclusion–exclusion probability principle
How to implement a variance function in R?
A function of Bernoulli variables?
Dealing with lots of ties in kNN model
Doubling the tails in two-sample permutation test
Standard errors in weighted least squares
Monte Carlo variation in bootstrapping?
Support vector regression on skewed/high kurtosis data
Spearman's correlation useful with data that has an upper limit?
Tracking down the assumptions made by SciPy's ttest_ind() function
t-test for partially paired and partially unpaired data
Will AIC and R-square rank models similarly if the number of variables is equal?
R: How to "control" for another variable in Linear Mixed Effects Regression model?
Goodness of fit for 2D histograms
Gradient descent vs lm() function in R?
Calculating VC-dimension of a neural network
Standard deviation of a cluster
What formula is used for standard deviation in R?
What is cov(X,Y), where X=min(U,V) and Y=max(U,V) for independent uniform(0,1) variables U and V?
What is distribution of $Z = X + Y$ where $X$ is Poisson distributed and $Y$ is normally distributed?
What distribution function $F$ is such that if $\{ X_i \}_{i=1}^{N} \sim F$, then $X_1 + ... + X_N$ is most nearly exponential?
Unconditional inference in the multinomial model
how to add second order terms into the model in R?
Logistic regression versus t-test, which is better for this comparative-descriptive study?
Evaluation of a GLS fit
Proportional odds assumption in ordinal logistic regression in R with the packages VGAM and rms
Difference between White's reality check and Monte Carlo permutation
Probability that multiple confidence intervals contain the true population mean
Do I need to aggregate data when using linear mixed effects model?
Proper contingency table analysis for old diabetes study
Not sure if standard error of p-values makes sense in Fisher Exact Test
How to interpret two-way interactions in Linear Mixed Effects modeling?
How do you assess for mode bias and scale effects when designing survey questionnaires?
Logistic Regression and Linktest in Stata
Non-Bayesian alternatives to maximum likelihood estimators and method of moment estimators when there's only one observation
Univariate non-significant results becoming significant on multivariate analysis
Sample size for logistic regression?
Multiple linear regression for classification
RSS examinations
Geometric distribution without replacement
Moving-average model error terms
Does a stationary process implies a normal distribution of the data?
Cramer-Rao type bound for Information Gain
Is it a problem to have some uncorrelated factors in a CFA?
Using Conditional Optimizations in Training Algorithm of Linear Support Vector Classifier
Minimum of two exponential variates: What's wrong with this derivation?
What statistics should I use to compare percentages?
Multiple regression with categorical variables
How can I calculate cut-off points from a normal distribution?
Can SVM do stream learning one example at a time?
Programmer looking to break into machine learning field
"Array index is less than one" WINBUGS Error
How to choose the number of nodes in layer recurrent networks?
Larger ngrams vs nested ngrams?
When/where to use functional data analysis?
Feature selection methods for document classtification
Are observations consistent with each other?
Variance stabilization "rule" for MCMC jumps...anyone?
Why can log-linear models for binary data be trained using Poisson regression
Derive househould weights from a uniformly distributed person sample
Effect size of the results of an ANCOVA
Statistical Significant Difference between 5 groups of data
Reference with distributions with various properties
At which extent can standardized moment be trusted in comparison to plotting data?
Is this approach using the central-limit theorem applicable for reasoning about open source project data?
Binomial mid-p value
Bootstrap variance of squared sample mean
How do I compute class probabilities in caret package using 'glmnet' method?
Multiple sufficient statistics and the factorization theorem
Explaining to laypeople why bootstrapping works 
$\chi^2$ fitting with correlated errors
Shape of distribution of histogram
How to run K-means clustering on data points of varying dimensionality?
What is the difference between verifying how strong is the relationship of variables on $\chi^2$ and correlation?
A short question on sample variance
What do these chi-square results mean?
SVM importance of predictor variables
random forest oob error increase as more tree build
Selecting features using Adaboost
Sufficient Statistic
How to calculate a distribution out of a series of min-max values?
Efficient method/technique to update covariance matrix
Is there a difference between an autocorrelated time-series and serially autocorrelated errors?
Robust estimation of Poisson distribution
How to control for depression when sample was measured using two different tests?
R function breakpoints finds more breaks than Fstats
Which statistical analysis should I use for the study
How to get real-valued continous output from Neural Network?
How to analyse pre and post test data when the outcome measure is Yes/No data?
Why is the sum of squared differences from the sample mean smaller than the sum of squared differences from the true mean?
How Should I Generate a Plausible PDF From Quartiles+Median?
How to implement a two-stage hierarchical model of time series data in R?
Test of multicollinearity among independent variables in logistic regression
Sample size calculation for truncated normal distribution
Statistical tests for low sample numbers in both indendent groups (n=3 and n=1)
Likelihood of (bivariate?) Bernoulli distribution
Removal of statistically significant intercept term increases $R^2$ in linear model
Classification table for ordinal logistic regression in R
Proportional odds assumption violated but not sure what to do
Convert ARIMA Model in R to Java Code (only the forecasting)
Is the Dynamic Time Warping constraint Itakura Parallelogram based on series length?
Estimation of white noise parameters in Gaussian random walk model
Equivalence of with and without replacement sampling
Mahalanobis distance in a LDA classifier
Discrepancy between number of expected and observed events in logistic regression
Using multinomial logistic regression for multiple related outcomes
What can I do if my logistic regression model doesn't predict anything?
How do I calculate a posterior distribution for a Poisson model with exponential prior distribution for the parameter?
Inconsistent results from attempting to count matching values in lists within data frames in R
Generating a Gaussian dataset in MATLAB
Controlling for multiple, nominal variables in a linear model
What is the mathematical difference between random- and fixed-effects?
How can all-positive coefficients be chosen in 2nd order linear regression to minimize the number of coefficients?
Are regressions with student-t errors useless?
Dependent vs. independent samples
Time series with 3 factors from different sources
Expectation of weakly stationary process
Is a chi-sq test for independence appropriate for categorical time series?
What is the confidence interval calculated in a spectral density periodogram in R?
Estimating a survival probability in R
"Investigator intention" and thresholds/p-values
How to determine the accuracy of a statement?
Inverse of the central difference operator
Can we use Mahalanobis distance to match one sentence with many other sentences and how?
Something like Central Limit Theorem for variance and maybe even for covariance?
What is randomness?
Comparing two classifier accuracy results for statistical significance with t-test
Politically correct way of ordering stacked barplots?
How to check if a time series is I(1) in R?
Cross entropy and the fitness function
How to bootstrap prediction intervals for "customized" regression models in R
Is it allowed to transform x and y in an ANCOVA?
Visualization of an ensemble of sequences
Regression line envelope from Census ACS data
What to do when the standard error equals 0
Understanding Odds Ratios in Logistic Regression
How to obtain decision boundaries from linear SVM in R?
Goodness of fit between columns of a 10000x2 table (with low counts)
Good books covering data preprocessing and outlier detection techniques
Possibility of analyzing the hypothesis using Friedman's test 
Does causation imply correlation?
LDA projection for classification
Robust Support Vector Regression - robust to outliers
Frequentist reasoning and conditioning on observations (example from Wagenmakers et al.)
Need help to understand the meaning of this formula 
Methods of measuring strength of arbitrary non-linear relationships between two variables?
Can an svmlight model be converted to work with libsvm?
How to estimate missing data?
Basic information or texts required about modelling k bernoulli trials
What is a "Unit Information Prior"?
The unit information prior and its BIC approximation
Several bivariate correlation tests
How to uniformly project a hash to a fixed number of buckets
Determine weights from selection probabilities in a "with replacement" sampling scheme
Fitting a Poisson GLM in R - issues with rates vs. counts
High-dimensional dependent binary explanatory variable
How to find group differences with irregularly measured, nested, and missing data?
Interpreting positive and negative signs of the elements of PCA eigenvectors
Bootstrap data in order to get an estimate of the variance
Find the probability of having k red balls after d days
Inverse hyperbolic sine transformation: estimation of theta
Variability in k-means clusters results: setting set.seed() before?
Examples of spatial generalized linear models
Heteroskedasticity-consistent Standard Errors for Difference Between Two Populations?
Introductory book for multivariate statistics
Should PCA or correlations be examined first in the context of correlated predictors in regression?
What is the difference between tapped delay line and sliding window in a neural network?
Conditional Expectation for Probability Distribution
Instrumental variables with dichotomous instrument, variable, and outcome? Can I use TSLS?
Estimating changes of choice probabilities with choice removal in nested logit
How to adjust average rating for sample size on rating systems with more than two categories?
Derivation for the confidence interval for a population proportion
Expectation of an estimator?
Mediator versus moderators - not sure which is more appropriate
SAS fails to fit a mixed model
Include two correlated factors in mixed model?
Do data and residuals of a VAR model have to be of normal distribution?
What is the difference between a hazard ratio and the e^coef of a Cox equation?
How do bookmakers select their opening odds?
Markov chain convergence, total variation and KL divergence
Nonlinear regression model linear in some parameters
Computation of composite score or summed score from Likert scale
Comparing odds and payouts of different lotteries
How to cluster survey data?
Is there a version of the arcsine rule for biased coins?
How can I find out if a subset of Stack Exchange users increase/decrease their post rate based on badges earned?
$\chi^2$ test - correcting for not fully independent sample
Time series with multiple subjects and multiple variables
Estimating Frechet distribution parameter in R
Useful heuristic for inferring multicollinearity from high standard errors
Criticism of Pearl's theory of causality
Problems with interpretation of a CLASS variable with many levels in a logistic regression model
SAS optimal binning
Plotting decay in clustering?
Predict GLM poisson with offset
Why does a 95% Confidence Interval (CI) not imply a 95% chance of containing the mean?
What statistic method using spss to use to analyze online buying behavior based on different variables?
Proof that if higher moment exists then lower moment also exists
ANCOVA in R suggests different intercepts, but the 95% CIs overlap... how is this possible?
Behavior of a sum of kernel functions
When do Markov random fields $\neq$ exponential families?
Getting a time plot on levels using the first differences of a time series in R
Machine Learning: Linear classifier and possibility to separate
Deriving covariance from "embedded" random variable
ANOVA - independence assumption
Does transformation of r into Fisher z benefit a meta-analysis?
How to compare response to same question asked at different time points?
Critical appraisal of survival paper
Polynomial kernel function
How to "undo" feature scaling/normalization for output?
How to use the hier.part package for hierarchical partitioning?
Bootstrap, Monte Carlo
How to assess differences between three groups in a pretest - posttest design using SPSS?
How to implement a customized Random Forest classifier
Mean and variance of log-binomial distribution
Adjustment coefficient (Lundberg coefficient) for a Weibull distribution
Understanding the homoscedasticity assumption
Adjusting the classification threshold of Naive Bayes
How to find differentially expressed genes in R?
What is the pooled standard deviation of paired samples?
How to estimate shrinkage parameter in Lasso or ridge regression with >50K variables?
Help with change scores and/or ANCOVA design
Do zero inflated continuous covariates cause "problems" in binary logistic regression?
What is the procedure for "bootstrap validation" (a.k.a. "resampling cross-validation")?
R linear regression categorical variable "hidden" value
Three-level nested logit in R
Software library for Hidden Markov Modeling of a large text database
Comparing drug effects in different conditions
Sampling model for crowdsourced data?
Doing data analysis for property managers...any tips?
Equivalent mixed models yielding different results in SAS
Is it appropriate to calculate odds ratios between groups matched on covariates (propensity scores)?
First step for big data ($N = 10^{10}$, $p = 2000$)
Clustering variables with outliers
What is a mathematical way to define a point on a scatter plot as an outlier?
Does pooled variance correct for/protect from unequal variance when calculating effect size?
Computing prediction intervals for logistic regression
"Incorrect" p-value during probit regression when probability of a response is zero
How to calculate joint probabilities from conditional probabilities in a Bayesian Network?
Testing for a significant difference between ML estimates: Likelihood ratio or Wald test?
How to test if all the levels have the same success/fail probability?
Best way to visualize attrition using R?
Is there a difference between the "maximum probability" and the "mode" of a parameter?
Normalization of data before using a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
How to do a generalized linear model with multiple dependent variables in R?
Comparing Hazard Rate Ratios for different outcomes on the same sample
Multiple FDR corrected experiments using the same data
How to test the effect of intervention on patients quality of life?
Public available binary dataset
Maximum entropy sampler
How to simulate repeated measures multivariate outcomes in R?
How do I estimate the parameters of a log-normal distribution from the sample mean and sample variance
Comparing two non-linear biological models: differences in y vs. differences in slope
How to test the effect of a grouping variable with a non-linear model? 
Mixed Model in SAS
How to specify the unit information prior
How to create index from correlated variables?
How many times can I guess a number from Sample 1 belongs to Sample 2 before concluding that they are not the same?
Odds ratio and confidence interval in meta-analysis
PDFs and probability in naive Bayes classification
SVM and non-linear predictive models - feature selection
The mean and Variance of $log(Combination Index)$
Sequential clustering with an unknown number of clusters
P-value approximation from an underlying unknown distribution
Measuring correlation between two matrices
How do I test to see if the demographic proportions between two unequally sized groups are statistically different?
Determining polynomial model coefficients forcing slope = 1 and intercept =0
Test for change over time in a time series
How do I reference a regression model's coefficient's standard errors?
Logistic regression on categorical data
Residuals correlated positively with response variable strongly in linear regression
Sampling variance is reduced when removing duplicates -- why?
Checking whether accuracy improvement is significant
Justification of aggregation in multi-level model - ICC in SPSS
Probability of Unique Minimum (Discrete)
Bootstrapping a sample with unequal selection probabilities
Subset models in auto.arima function in forecast package
Spearman's rank correlation for a beginner: Sample size and Interpretation
Generating visually appealing density heat maps in R
Using GPML in Matlab for MultiClass Classification
Predicted probabilities of square term in Stata
Estimating species distribution and rate of expansion using only positive data
Time series and anomaly detection
Dummy variables and likert scale
High-Frequency Time-Series Forecast With A Lower Bound
Who invented k-fold cross-validation?
Improving variable names in a dataset
How to use standard deviation to place items in categories?
What is a good optimization algorithm for finding the MAP?
Prediction and Tolerance Intervals
Visualizing counts that have some outliers
Significant Statistical difference One-sample t-test
Cyclostationary time series
regression with multiple response variable in R
Regarding topic candidate list for topic modeling analysis (LDA)
"autocorrelation" of nominal variable
Finding the probability of getting a complete set from N classes of objects in M draws
Histogram in R: Converting into numeric
Calculate Transition Matrix (Markov) in R
Kernel logistic regression
Multivariate regression for spatial dataset
How to verify that simulated data is normally distributed?
Understanding proxy variable
Power of FDR vs. FWER approaches in multiple comparisons
Estimating a survival probability in R (2)
Confidence intervals in a mixed model
How to represent statistical power graphically for a given hypothesis test?
testing that mean(x) = k with a small sample and unknown distribution of x
Outlier removal prior to mixed-effect modelling
How to do logistic regression in R when outcome is fractional (a ratio of two counts)?
Predicting with both continuous and categorical features
Weights of random sets of random 32-bit strings
Cluster analysis in R produces reversals on dendrogram
Applied statistics methodology
Difference between survdiff log-rank and coxph log-rank
Using PCA for detecting similar regions in an image
Ensembling regression models
SVM using RBF and nearest neighbor classification method
What is meant by the term "formal distance metric"?
Finding outliers without assuming normal distribution
Learning error of mlogit
The genuine inventors of concepts
Average of a tail of a normal distribution
Missing data and feature selection
Why isn't the Anova() function in the Car package returning an F statistic?
Finding the MLE of parameter $\mu$
Can variance be equal to mean?
Significance of difference in means
Is it legitimate to present results from univariate and multiple regressions?
How to handle missing data in all explanatory variables in linear regression
Interpreting AIC and BIC fit
How do I handle measurement error in sparse data?
Logistic regression in R
Sorting answers, given overvotes and undervotes
Which statistical test should I use when there are multiple latent predictors and multiple latent outcomes?
Where can I get reference formulas for truncated distributions?
How to export SPSS graphs so they can be edited
Is there standard nomenclature for Confidence Distributions?
Correlating volume timeseries
Calculating Expected Revenue For An Auction
Criteria to select the number of neighbors in the k-th-nearest-neighbor density estimation
Example reports for mixed-model analysis using lmer in biology, psychology and medicine?
How to generate numbers based on an arbitrary discrete distribution?
How to do time series ( longitudinal) clustering based entirely on Shape of the curves?
What is the RMSE normalized by the mean observed value called?
Comparing impact of variable in a category for a given sample data
Random Variable as a function of mean probability
Is SVM-RFE a "filter" or a "wrapper" feature selection algorithm?
Aligned rank transform on time series data
Finding limit distribution $T_n$
Separating the populations in a bimodal distribution
How to compare AUCs using the boot package in R?
Why is the variance of $X-Y$ equal to the sum of the variances when $X,Y$ are independent?
Item analysis for a likert-type questionnaire - item discrimination, point-biserial, factor analysis, cronbach's alpha, other diagnostics?
How do I determine which functional form is correct?
Poisson likelihood and zero counts in expected value
Thoughts on model self-penalization amidst difficult parameter estimation
Interpreting the difference between lognormal and power law distribution (network degree distribution)
Experimental design: what to do when factors cannot be held at constant levels?
How to simulate head to head competition based on winning percentages?
Using a regression model to make prediction: When to stop?
Calculating the Variance using Delta Method
Datasets for clustering algorithms
How to analyse reading data with two word types and three types of dependent variables?
Variable ordering using PCA
Variance and Asymptotic normality of sample variance of normal distribution
Speed of linear modeling
Fitting ARIMA with a drift on R
SVAR, Cholesky decomposition and impulse-response function in R
Residuals for logistic regression and Cook's distance
If $\sigma$ follows Inverse-Gamma, can I just square the result to get $\sigma^2$ if I do simulation?
Why does -2*LL differ when using binary logistic regression vs GLM binary logistic in SPSS?
Validation of Bayesian hierarchical model
Updating the probability distribution when removing links from a Bayesian network
Model selection in mixed-model context using lmer
How to reduce autocorrelation in Metropolis algorithm?
Statistics for rounded data
Given a two populations, each split by "categories", how do I test the hypothesis that the mean is larger in the second population?
Multiple comparisons process using Kruskal-Wallis, G-Test and corrections
Generating correlated numbers with predefined correlations
Multiple Imputation for Mixed Effects models
Logistic regression is slow
How to interpret the T-depiction of multiple comparisons used in R's multcompView package?
Validation techniques for hierarchical model
Estimate in presence of missing observations
I want to do an nested ANOVA but my variances are very unequal
using rmse and mape for model evaluation
ABC model selection
Is there a sequential version of probabilistic latent semantic analysis?
Suggestions for computing correlations between evaluators
Comparing rates of events between an exposed and unexposed group
Identifying a number of significance from a histogram
Probability of finding a particular sequence of base pairs
Classification trees to pick predictive variables
How to fit Bradley–Terry–Luce model in R, without complicated formula?
Positive log likelihood values and penalty of more complex models when ranking models using AIC
auto.arima warns NaNs produced on std error
Clarification on using spec.pgram in R
Simulate data for stratified Cox model
How to fit data with nonlinear partial least squares in R?
Bayesian $\chi^2$ discrepancy
What is the fiducial argument and why has it not been accepted?
What does a squared coefficient of variation signify?
Fast alternatives to the EM algorithm
Finding weights for variables in kNN
Comparing different ways of specifying the same response variable
Visualising generalized linear model
Mixed-effect modelling including factor with NA
Bayesian Theorem Update Inference
Similarity measure for weighted sets (multisets)
Calculating statistical significance between dependent Spearman coefficients
Updating beliefs networks when new event occur in the future
How to set limits using constrOptim in R?
What is an appropriate method for providing bounds when performing maximum likelihood parameter estimation?
In R, given an output from optim with a hessian matrix, how to calculate parameter confidence intervals using the hessian matrix?
Can I use T-Statistic for constructing a Confidence Interval for sample from large population?
How to construct a 95% confidence interval of the difference between medians?
Inferential methods on large panel data with sparse clusters and rare outcomes
Regarding boosting, bagging and bootstrapping
How to find parameters for ridge and lasso regularization when cost minimization does not converge?
Can I have too much data?
F ratio and model comparison method to compute confidence bounds
Does good calibration surpass roughly met assumptions and mediocre discrimination?
Book recommendations for reviewing probability and statistics for engineering major
How is research based on the U.S. Census organized?
Back-transformation of regression coefficients
Why do we typically visually assess our assumptions?
Comparing standard deviation across multiple time horizons
What do the arrows in a PCA biplot mean?
SVM for Image Segmentation?
Utility node in influence diagrams
cox proportional hazard model
Shapiro-Francia test error
What is the distribution of the product of a Bernoulli & a normal random variable?
What qualifies as a time series?
Extrapolating a lowess model
Bayesian estimation using Gibbs sampling for financial models
I have a statistic, how do I calculate its distribution?
Danger of setting all initial weights to zero in Backpropagation
Definition of "precision" of an estimator
Why does Lasso do better than SVM?
How to do logistic regression when one of the factors has unequal number of levels across the other factor?
What's the common way to measure the "stability" or "volatility" of a distribution? Variance seems insufficient
What does it indicate when the Spearman correlation is a definite amount less than Pearson?
Within group correlation of pearson's residuals
What's in an adjective? Efron's "significant" --> "interesting"
Model to use in assessing the responsiveness of a categorical variable to policy changes over time?
Calculating standard deviation of the output of a numerical experiment
Pitfalls in time series analysis
How to perform cross validation of a model predicting categorical variable in SAS?
Proof of how the normal distribution arises as the limit of the binomial — where do $\pi$ and $e$ come from?
Calculate the number of trials to distinguish between 2 models
Problems of specifying constrained parameters in a hierarchical model under JAGS
Is it necessary to plot ROC curve in a leave-one-out cross validation?
What statistical tests should be applied to the attached distributions?
How to select validation data when training a neural network?
Bonferroni and Greenhouse-Geisser corrections with repeated-measures ANOVA
Clustering similar values in a matrix
Pitman-Yor processes in R or Python
Whether to include $x$ and $x^2$ in regression model examining diminishing returns when only $x^2$ is significant?
In Bayesian statistics, does variance parameter actually mean 1/variance (i.e. precision)?
How do you generate data from the multivariate Marshall Olkin distributed data?
Determine a subset of random variables that are most correlated with the whole
Positive estimator
Class activities/experiments to teach statistical concepts?
Looking for example of non-elliptical, multivariate, absolutely continuous distributions with non independent components
Whether to use Spearman's rho or multiple regression to examine relationship between two Likert scales?
What does R do when it plots the residuals of an AR fit?
Proof without Jensen
Mixture model fixed effects
census statistical techniques
Minimisation algorithm for a mix of discreet and continuous parameters?
Negative weights in a moving average?
Determining where no correlation exists
Whether to report confidence intervals of effect sizes such as $r$ and $\eta^2$?
Non parametric cointegration test in R
How to compare the accuracy of two different models using statistical significance
Testing hypotheses suggested by the data
Expected value for discrete (nominal) variable?
Probability distribution of Fourier coefficients
What are the most useful sources of economics data?
why i do not have sgplot with runing this program in sas 9.2
Monte Carlo / Nonparametric confidence intervals for mean estimate
How to determine if there is a drop in revenue after a change in the system?
Testing samples against a distribution
How to compute a new variable that is defined by two categorical variables using SPSS?
Significant predictors become non-significant in multiple logistic regression
Permutation tests in R for correlations
repeated measures regression
Simplify sum of combinations with same n, all possible values of k
How to obtain mean and joint distribution in factor analysis?
How do I fit a nonlinear mixed effects model for repeated measures data using nlmer()?
Where did this risk exposure 'estimation-formula' come from?
Conditional on Gaussian, need clarification
Looking for an efficient algorithm to detect Tomek links
Distribution of inverse Wishart to a power?
How to efficiently expand a simple random sample after population growth?
Binomial regression asymptotes
Which statistical test should I use to test for associations between phenotype and genotype?
Two-dimensional Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Feature construction for text mining
Testing for trends in partial proportional odds models
Is there such a thing as a fair die?
Predict probabilities from Firth logistic regression in R
Why use a likelihood ratio (and its relation with p-value)?
Using principal component analysis (PCA) for feature selection
Cluster quality measures
Is the book wrong or me?
Variance and multiple levels in clmm
What machine learning algorithms are used for internet advertising?
How would you fit ARIMA model with lots of autocorrelations?
Appropriate test for difference in trials with varying calibration
Does the probability of rolling a '6' in dice change over time?
Are logistic regression coefficient estimates biased when the predictor has large variance?
Cluster analysis of boolean vectors in R
How to use SPSS output for calculating additional variable by syntax?
Oddity in simulating Weibull survival times
Inequality involving the regression function and its approximation
How to know if a time series is stationary or non-stationary?
What would be a good research agenda related to field experiments in development?
About Akaike's criterion and VC-dimension of linear regressors
Estimating the effect of one time series on another in the context of personal health
Likelihood ratio vs Bayes Factor
Inconsistency in mixed-effects model estimation results (Stata and SPSS)
Compare Models. LOCCV implementation in R
How to display multiple density or distribution functions on a single plot?
Bayesian statistics example
Stacking/ensembling models with caret
Is there a non-parametric test for whether a series' unconditional variance has changed over time?
Pairwise vs. total independence of discrete uniform random deviates
How to perform a t-test to compare treatment and control groups when the experiment has been replicated three times?
What does the residuals effectively mean in this model?
Why are samples within a cluster less informative than randomly chosen ones from entire population?
Formulating a mixed model with nested fixed and random effects 
Trying out a $t$-test using R
Edge effects in K-function
Estimating an underlying pdf from binomial trials
An instance of the Cauchy–Schwarz inequality
Algorithm for finding all local maxima of a boosted regression tree?
How actually my time series models tells me about data behaviour?
How to describe variation on multiple levels?
How to show that polar coordinates in a uniform distribution on a disk are independent?
Logistic regression: grouped and ungrouped variables (using R)
Two sample test for both equal variance and mean
Orthogonal projection question
Bayes Network/Conditional Probability Visualization Tools
Can I use dependent variable from a regression analysis as an independent variable in yet another regression analysis?
Assumption of Gaussian distribution of acceleration
Question about cointegration
What does $\beta$ tell us in linear regression analysis?
How do economists quantify black market operations?
Does the GARCH approach model prices or returns?
How do I fit a set of data to a Pareto distribution in R?
Are the $1-SSe/SSt$ and $cor^2$ calculations of $R^2$ always equivalent?
What are chunk tests?
How well does the normal distribution perform?
Uniform distribution & generation of extreme values in R
Let the random point (X,Y) be uniformly distributed on the square
How to take derivative of multivariate normal density?
Logistic regression performance with high number of predictors
Generate data samples from Poisson regression
What is a good software for data collection à la  CDC's Epi Info?
One-way table largest proportion test
Robust estimation of a geometric random variable
Best method for transforming low discrepancy sequence into normal distribution?
How to score Likert scales and test a hypothesis relating two variables?
How does leave-one-out cross-validation work? How to select the final model out of $n$ different models?
What model for a challenging data set? (hundreds of time series with a lot of nesting)
How do you find the best feature combination to achieve maximum accuracy?
Good reference on sample autocorrelation?
What is probability to get through to the value
What is a distance or similarity metric that takes into account the improbability of a match?
Is Hansen's skewed-$t$ distribution the same as the skewed-$t$ distribution which is a special case of GH Distribution?
How to equate hit probabilties on 2 different surfaces
How can I weight certain factors more heavily when computing distance function?
How to properly set up hypothesis testing in an operations reporting environment
Model selection in a paper: what to say about the dropped variables?
Phi MOA, Chi-Square and Null Hypothesis, What can be learned?
Does it make sense to "cluster" when you use a regression discontinuity?
Troubleshooting unreasonably large parameter estimates from GEE
Disease forecasting - counts or rates?
Having a job in data-mining without a PhD
One shot events
Generalized Linear Models and Curse of Dimensionality
Combining related probabilities
How to select the bandwith of smoothed bootstrap for building confidence intervals?
How is the standard definition of independence applied to time-series?
Extract standard errors of coefficient linear regression R
How best to communicate uncertainty?
Estimating risk parameters from observed choices
Am I getting something wrong? A question about a paper on the F-test
Over-fitting in the cross-validation
Weibull distributed data for correlation analysis
Why is the power for this test so low?
The reference book for statistics with R – does it exist and what should it contain?
Logistic regression sub-group size parameters
Using a post-hoc test after creating an LME model
What is the difference between a nested and non-nested model in CFA?
How SAS calculates PROC GLM
Understanding replication and lack-of-fit in regression modeling
Understanding 'latent' output of princomp() in Matlab
Asymptotics of 0-1 classification loss
Tool to work with dataflow easier/more visual
Spline df selection in a general additive Poisson model problem
Problem understanding what type of test to use and how to proceed with the questions provided
Why would someone use a Bayesian approach with a 'noninformative' improper prior instead of the classical approach?
What does mean by "the cumulative frequency in the form of probits"?
Monte Carlo test for comparing curvature of binomial response surfaces from effective degrees of freedom of GCV-fitted splines
How to test for normality in a 2x2 ANOVA?
Logistic regression: Is it valid to code NA as 0?
Fitting a particular Gaussian model
How to calculate the boundary value for a random variable which is sum of variables with gamma and uniform distributions?
How to interpret result from mvpart object in R?
Test whether count of events is significantly greater in a feature list than the general feature population
Where are the t-values in my pairwise comparisons?
Finding the instantaneous period of a signal (or calculating period degradation)
Does the size of the reference sample matter in logistic regression?
Normalization prior to cross-validation
Pareto distribution rules out stable distribution?
Looking for aberrations in time based data
Summing bootstrap-derived confidence intervals?
How would you explain generalized linear models to people with no statistical background?
How to analyse a ranking and rating scale together?
How do you select variables in a regression model?
What are the major philosophical, methodological, and terminological differences between econometrics and other statistical fields?
Estimating demand elasticity econometrically
In structural econometrics, what is meant by "simulation variance"
Example of estimation vs. calibration
If you have a really big N, is using a regular vs. an m-n bootstrap ever a good idea?
Fixed effects models vs. models where years serve as instruments
Regressing price on volume
What is the reason why we use natural logarithm (ln) rather than log to base 10 in specifying function in econometrics?
Would it make sense to do a 2SLS regression for Nominal GDP and Money Supply?
How do I interpret my regression with first differenced variables?
Which regression method for life satisfaction score?
To whom can we report a problem with SAS?
Linear regression forecast underestimation
Statistical testing of stochastic processes or multivariate testing?
How robust is ANOVA when group sizes are unequal and residuals are not normally distributed?
Do all interactions terms need their individual terms in regression model?
Choice of K in K-fold cross-validation
How to test hypothesis on a fraction of two coefficients?
Vector autoregression - number of variables to use
When should one consider using GMM?
Using econometrics, how do I solve out the endogeneity problem?
Do variations of ELO system exist for non-mirror games?
Relationship between two time series: ARIMA
When does a random test fail?
Feature selection and cross-validation
Using principal component scores as predictors in mixed-model
Loss functions, decision theory for hyperparameters, or estimating the variance of an unknown prior
Ancova without intercept in R
Variable selection in large datasets
Using Adaboost with SVM for classification
Method to output statistical score when validating using bootstrap method on ordinal logistic regression model
Support Vector Machines (SVM) maximum margin hyperplane use
Quick question regarding simple algebra in Bayesian statistics
Should I use decision trees to predict user preferences?
Choosing alternatives to Poisson regression for overdispersed count data
How does glm.nb work?
Parameter estimation from a Normal distribution
Confidence interval for values for a fitted line
Cumulative Incidence vs. Kaplan Meier to estimate probability of failure
How to compare ratings of airlines on a Likert scale when different participants have rated different airlines?
Analyzing ratios or numerator/denominator, with weights, measured over time at irregular intervals
How to sample from the product of a Gaussian and an inverse-Wishart distribution?
Time series modeling the number of users of a mobile app
Modification of "corrected repeated k-fold cv test” when also averaging Random Forest results across multiple sampling seeds?
What is the point of non-informative priors?
What's the probability of an event happening exactly once after two independent trials?
How to calculate margin of error for a binomial quality control experiment where only successes are observed (including FPC)?
Why can't we trust our intuition with probability?
Variance of median from the mixture distribution
Cleaning data of inconsistent format in R?
Upper/lower standard error makes sense?
Logistic quantile regression – how to best convey the results
Why is generalized linear model (GLM) a semi-parametric model?
How to do a repeated measures ANOVA with missing combinations in spss
Flexible version of logistic regression
Dynamic decision networks
What statistical analysis should I use to compare shooting percentages in basketball?
Comparing questionnaires with actual observations: is it worth it?
Empirical change of DAG for Bayesian Network
Similarity measures between curves?
How to compare the performence between different models?
strucchange breakpoints command: does NA mean no breaks are identified?
Are there some functions in R programming language for generalized partial linear model?
Fitting a Poisson GLM mixed model with a random slope and intercept
Combining classifiers by flipping a coin
What is the non-asymptotic relative power of non-parametric tests?
Several questions about statistical financial timeseries models from "machine-learning person"
Analysis of Likert scale
Solving a probability distribution problem in profit contract
Subscales (not items) as indicators of latent variables in SEM
What is the difference between serial correlation and having a unit root?
Maximizing Cronbach alpha to select the number of variables that define a given construct
Odds of X occurrences in a row given Y trials (A coin flip problem)
Variations of Assouad’s lemma
Collapsing data for repeated measures ANOVA?
How to obtain the gamma distribution through convolution of two different distributions?
How to fit the model for crossed and nested design using lme function in R?
Using total score from multi-scale instrument in structural equation modeling
Weighting a control group
Sum of exponential random variables follows Gamma, confused by the parameters
Profile likelihood of N in binomial model
Acceptance ratio in Metropolis–Hastings algorithm
Standard errors for multiple regression coefficients?
Logarithm of percentage values in time series
Should the proposal distribution in simulated annealing depend on the temperature?
How to transform ordinal data from questionnaire into proper interval data?
Statistical test for weighted sum of random variables?
How to measure correlation between categorical variable?
Statistical test for finding significant positions having deviated values
Model function for discovering irrelevant dimensions with L1 regularization
Predicting SSE in k-means clustering
Effect of %in% in a model formula?
Very simple particle filters algorithm (sequential monte carlo method) implementation
How to detect feature value combinations with outstanding win percentages
Are very large log likelihood and delta AIC values problematic for model selection?
When are Log scales appropriate?
Data entry tool for sparse table
A little confusion on Profile likelihood
Testing randomly generated data against its intended distribution
Dimensionality reduction for classifying textures with MATLAB
What does the index variable k define in the Lasso regularization function
Differencing weekend fluctuations with R?
Time-Series Data and Omitted Variable Bias
How can I find the standard deviation of the sample standard deviation from a normal distribution?
Panel data descriptives, plots and 'feel for the data'
Determine whether a number "fits" with a group of numbers
Interpretation of strucchange::breakpoints in R
Categorical fixed effect w/ 3 levels in LMER
Logging similarities between vectors with R
Finite sample concentration results for partial correlation
Mean and SD for distance between occurrences of a given value in sequence drawn at random
Is a partial F-Test on a model reduced by only one variable valid?
How to specify pulses/level-shifts in data when creating ARIMA in R?
How do you find a peak rate in time series?
How to write program that takes a vector and a CDF and performs the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Help on SVM for road image processing
Better method to estimate gender gap: difference between medians or median gap by occupation?
What kind of mean to use for a mix of negative and positive percent values?
Weighting variables for an index
Significance level of kwallis2 test in Stata
Difference between Hpi.kfe, Hpi and Hscv in R's 'ks' package?
In a census-like situation, does it make sense to use Bayes Rule?
K-S test correcting, or is a $\chi^2$ acceptable?
Training a decision tree against unbalanced data
Association or relationship
Scaling of huge data and estimating the distribution
Pros/cons of estimating parameters for missing observations?
Randomly generated adjacency matrix in R
Cluster analysis with ties issue
How can I know a random small subsample has a good performance?
Effective way to visualize net growth/profit/income?
Expected best performance possible on a data set
Is Bayes' theorem useless if $A$ is a subset of $B$?
Entropy-based refutation of Shalizi's Bayesian backward arrow of time paradox?
Eliciting priors ... with money!
Using SEM or multiple regression for analyzing questionnaire data with multiple 'sub-items'
How does the mice imputation function work?
Welch's t-test gives worse p-value for more extreme difference
How to draw a side-by-side plot mentioned in "Graphical Display as an Aid to Analysis"
Link between forward and inverse regression ($\text{E}(X|Y)$ and $\text{E}(Y|X)$ ;$ \text{var}[\text{E}(X|Y)]$ and $\text{var}[\text{E}(Y|X)]$)
Testing significance of groups formed by classification tree leafs
Relation between two ordinal variables
Bayesian mixed model regression with a between subjects factor
Learning a mapping from one time series to another with a Kalman Filter
R package for visualizing and exploring large datasets
Plot with 2 conditions on the y axis
Simulating values from an estimated value and confidence interval in R
Mean squared error for data with skewed distribution
Recommendation for peer-reviewed open-source journal?
Practical problems with difficult posteriors
How to test differences in budget allocations
Quartiles in Excel
Comparing two sets of pixels to determine whether they belong to the same object
Why squaring $R$ gives explained variance?
"Fraction of response interested in" -- what does it mean?
SVD of a data matrix (PCA) after smoothing
Is it true that $P((-z \leq Z \leq z) = \alpha = 2(P(Z \leq z) = \alpha/2)$ by symmetry?
Calculating Expected Value of a Streak
Directly compare subpixel shifts between two spectra -- and get believable errors!
How to determine variables that make certain cluster different from others?
Effect of treatment on correlation between two sets of variables
Dixon test for outlier but which one is an outlier?
What are the different types of codings available for categorical variables (in R) and when would you use them?
Clustering a dataset with both discrete and continuous variables
Minimum number of observations to determine long range dependency
Calculating Regression Coefficients for Very Large Observation Matrices
What is empirical entropy?
Is there a method for constructing decision trees that takes account of structured/hierarchical/multilevel predictors?
Tests for univariate outliers: have Dixon's and Grubb's methods been discredited?
Kernel Selection
Good approximations for CDFs
Good introduction book on small area estimation?
What is the impact of low predictor variance on logistic regression coefficient estimates?
Wide or narrow confidence interval
Effect on a rate
Guassian Process Regression - feature selection
Variance of the product of a random matrix and a random vector
Testing for collinearity and parallelism with the axes
Fisher Test in R
Distribution of ratio $X/Y$ where $X$ is normal, $Y$ is half normal
The minimum number of time points required on repeated measurement
How to utilize the result of aov function?
Monomial distribution of $X^a \cdot Y^b$ 
AIC for semi-parametric model
Confidence Interval for $\eta^2$
testing linear regression model efficiency
Classifying integer sequences by their first difference
Computation of $\sigma$ from $\beta$ coefficients in data censoring regression
Pseudo-$R^2$: what are the null models for linear and non-linear regressions?
Discerning the best model for a problem
Plotting a gaussian mixture with pdf values >> 1 in MATLAB
Differencing an i.i.d. time series
Variables importance on regression with ARIMA errors model
Software for fitting generalized least squares model with errors that follow seasonal ARMA model
Evaluating recommender systems with (implicit) binary ratings only
Theoretical problems with modeling auction systems
Some doubts about conditional expectation
Does my data come from a gamma or beta distribution?
What to do when both dependent and some independent variables are repeated measures?
Variance-covariance matrix for structural parameters in simultaneous equation models
Confidence interval for a proportion when sample proportion is almost 1 or 0
Plotting Options in R: Setting Axis Limits
Can GARCH(1,1) be applied to homoskedastic time series when comparing against heteroskedastic time series?
Characterizing the inter-arrival time of software threads
How to evaluate quality of probability estimator for Bernoulli experiments?
How to compare regression coefficients across three FGLS models in Stata?
Statistical significance of sample variance
Repeated measures ANOVA or Friedman test?
How to estimate the correlation between a property of two populations given several algorithms
List of likelihood-based classification techniques
Numeric methods to estimate curve parameter from 2 input data with Gaussian noise
One class classification with LIBSVM in Weka
Kolmogorov–Smirnov vs Brunner-Munzel
Applying an interaction term to all the IVs
Properties of spectral decomposition
Unique group combinations
Multivariate non-parametric density estimation with many missing values
Improving SVM performance on data with missing features and outliers?
Characteristics of the surviving mice Experiment
Post stratification weights in survey package in R
Monte Carlo simulation exercise
Explaining quantile regression to nonstatisticians
What are the differences between document classification and clustering when working with a single topic?
Combining LASSO coefficients across imputed datasets
Standard deviation of game results about predictions from a rating system
How to interpret coefficients in a Tobit regression?
How is it correct to deduce significance level of Pearson's correlation from a table?
Asymmetrical selective sampling for linear classification
Simple statistics for measuring binary time series characteristics
Is cosine similarity a classification or a clustering technique?
What statistical test should be used to accomplish the objectives of the experiment
Incorrect reasoning in obtaining average family income
How to conduct a factor analysis on questionnaire data based on 30 items in three blocks?
Nonparametric test for comparing trends in two time series
Type of probability used by insurance company (and influence of gender)
What are good data visualization techniques to compare distributions?
Differences on exploratory factor analysis, confirmatory factor analysis and principal component analysis
How to do rank prediction using R?
Statistical faults of the article relating GDP growth with certain non-sensical variable
Categorical dependent variable in between subject design
DNA use in court cases
Problem reconciling exact and inexact Poisson distribution algorithms
How much do answers A,B,C link with the answer on question D?
Is the probability of a unique DNA match the same, irrespective of the size of the dataset?
How to denote element-wise difference of two matrices
Index numbers and average prices
Ordinal reliability for small examinee population
Struggling to understand the relationship between two definitions of entropy
Regression with ARIMA(0,0,0) errors different from linear regression
How can adding a 2nd IV make the 1st IV significant?
Interpolation in multivariate time series
Why use Bonferroni approximation for experiment-wise alpha?
What is a valid post-hoc analysis for a three-way repeated measures ANOVA?
dirmult package in R
Understanding the plm package - Why aren't my standard errors correct?
What does "covariance risk budget" mean in fPortfolio package?
How to analyze a 2x3 design in which one level doesn't differ on one of the factors?
Information gain as a feature selection for 3-class classification problem
Nonlinear estimates of regression coefficients?
Using Python for building machine learning application
Clustering time series based on correlation
No degrees of freedom in LR rest of multinomial logistic regression
Tracking and data association with Kalman filters
How to get percentage agreement between a group of factor columns?
Moving average of irregular time series data using R
Question on cumulative probability
avova one way vs multiway
Univariate- Variance preserving, order reversing transformation
Regularization $L_1$ norm and $L_2$ norm empirical study
basic anova for all columns
Cox model with missing covariates
What do additional arguments indicate in  the simple.sim function in R?
Best distribution to model durations
Is there a fuzzy distinction between discrete and categorical variables?
Is there a general method for simulating data from a formula or analysis available?
Does having self and other report measures as predictors require dyad analysis?
What's a good range of weights to evaluate for $L_2$ regularized logistic regression?
What is correct terminology when describing the number of response levels of a Likert scale?
Blocking and confounding in replicated $2^k$ factorial design
Proper order of variables in unbalanced ANOVA
Filling NAs in a dataset with column medians in R 
Whether to use nonparametric tests to compare two groups when sample size is large but assumptions are violated
Detecting fishy data
Calculate trend slope after STL decomposition
Mahalanobis distance distribution of multivariate normally distributed points
how to group time series data into stationary & non-stationary?
Maximizing: likelihood vs likelihood ratio
How to run two-way ANOVA on data with neither normality nor equality of variance in R?
Optim error - initial value in vmmin is not finite
Joint confidence intervals for probabilities
Real utility of small accuracy improvements in sentiment classifiers
Regularized bayesian logistic regression in JAGS
Wondering what this bean plot analysis chart means
JAGS: unobserved parents and intialization
Constructing a Bayesian network from the beginning
Classes of distributions closed under maximum
Dirichlet process/Chinese restaurant process for clustering in R
How do I test whether I can properly apply LDA?
Whether to assess normality in a factorial repeated measures ANOVA by looking at distributions within cells?
Linear mixed-effects modeling with twin study data
Clustering using the BIRCH algorithm
What is the probability that a multivariate Normal RV lies within a sphere of radius R?
Examining correlation and long range dependence in time series data with strong diurnal effects
Finding the best two predictor variables used conjointly, and levels of each
If only a two-way ANOVA main effect is significant, what is the appropriate follow-up?
Standard error of parameter estimates in regularized regression
What is the best way to convert learning to rank to pairwise preference learning?
Likelihood Ratio Testing in Multinomial logistic regression using SPSS
Probability of a relation on the uniform distribution of points over 2D space
Data on institutional quality/strength?
How to detect variables discriminating a sample from the rest of the samples?
What's a good approach to estimate the probability of word frequencies?
Finding the generator matrix for a Markov jump process
What is the exact definition of profile likelihood?
Comparing coefficients in multilevel models
Multivariate normal distribution of regression coefficient?
Bootstrap vs other simulated data methods
How to interpret model diagnostics when doing linear regression in R?
Why use a beta distribution on the Bernoulli parameter for hierarchical logistic regression?
How to test the equivalence of clinical parameters between two contingency tables (confusion matrix)?
Best way to compare two alternative models
Using non linear regression model for enzyme kinetics
How to find distribution of some statistics for i.i.d. normal random variables?
What is the distribution of the ratio of sums of squared normal random variables?
Proofs of the central limit theroem
On the corrections for multiple comparisons
What are good references to jump from discrete to continuous time series models?
Test for IID sampling
Multinomial logistic regression?
Given a sample of random variables, and n, how do I find the ecdf of the sum of n Xs?
Maximum entropy inference for k-means clustering
Form of $\chi^2$ test
Nonparametric test to compare link prediction algorithms
Sample size to detect exponential distribution
Does it make sense to add a quadratic term but not the linear term to a model?
Response-distribution-dependent bias in random forest regression
General question on oversampling
Which model should I prefer for time series forecasting?
Using AdaBoost on multi-class in R on unbalanced data
State-of-the-art in smoothing splines
Multivariate normal posterior
Advantages of ROC curves
Probability of events
Transformations of input variables to linearize a regression function
Regression when the response is a proportion that can be 0 or 1
Pattern of mouse (or keybord) clicks and predicting computer user's activity
Why/When might it be preferable to fit to the integral of the data, rather than to the data itself?
Frequency ratio test with correlation structures
Fitting an exponential mixture model with interval constraints on the mixture weights
How to learn similarity of typed/attributed graphs?
What are the pros and cons of segmented regression and regression with ARIMA errors for interrupted time-series analysis?
How to predict missing values in time series?
Multinomial probit for varying choice set
Decomposing the normal distribution
Drawing random vectors from multivariate normal distribution with limited deviation
Nonlinear principal component analysis MATLAB code
Choosing the number of features
How best to normalize count data to compare two distributions
What is the difference between "priors" and "likelihood"?
Using averages of two different size groups
Multinomial logistic regression
Calculating confidence intervals
Curve smoothing in the presence of non-gaussian uncertainty
Poor classification performance with naiveBayes
Can two dependent rvs X and Y that are nonnegative have a normal distribution for X-Y? Can it be done with half normals?
How to create a histogram smart
Validation of a linear regression model using R
$\chi^2$ test and sparsely populated bins
Will off-diagonal elements of Cov-Matrix contribute to number of parameters for AIC?
Tips and tricks for getting good parameter estimates using Bayesian nonlinear regression
Is there a Random Forest implementation that works well with very sparse data?
Binary classification vs. continuous output with neural networks
Significant predictor loses significance when second non-significant predictor is entered (log regression)
What if an overall ANOVA is not significant, but specific contrasts are?
Simulating or generating datasets for testing modelling methodologies
Multiple regression with missing predictor variable
Goodness of fit test for a mixture in R
Plot explicit cdf instead of ecdf in R
Performance metric for algorithm predicting probability of low probability events
Classification of cluster-correlated data
Nominal response - censored predictor
Why adding an NA indicator column instead of value imputation (for randomForest)
How to combine WEKA classifiers
Analyze spatial correlation from a plot
clustering with particle filters
Goodness of fit test for a mixture in R
Difference between ANOVA power simulation and power calculation
Finding the best features in interaction models
Incremental learning methods in R
Variance of a sample of random variables
$M$-estimation in multivariate linear regression model in R
Can the ratio importance sampling estimate by made to be unbiased with resampling?
Sampling extremely large and diverse dataset?
Beginner's question—Dealing with ordinal data (scoring of a medical effect)
Correcting standard errors when the independent variables are autocorrelated
How to incorporate prior knowledge in GPML?
How to prove a particular identity involving the CDF of a continuous, strictly positive random variable? 
How to cluster LDA/LSI topics generated by gensim?
How to quantify statistical insignificance?
2x2x2 plus control group: nested ANOVA?
PCA when the dimensionality is greater than the number of samples
Can empirical orthogonal function (EOF) analysis be used as a predictive model?
Intraclass correlation to validate a measure
Where can I find the articles discussing about the suggested training-data partitioning ratio?
Good games for learning statistical thinking?
Convex cost functions and Fisher consistency
Confidence interval about the difference between false positive and false negative proportions
How to compute significant interaction estimates when main effect is not significant?
Why do linear regression and ANOVA give different $p$-value in case of considering interaction between variable?
Simulating unconditional Gaussian markov random field
What do interactions of spline and non-spline terms mean?
Computing and plotting a correlogram
How to judge if a datapoint deviates substantially from the norm
What does the rt(a,b) function do in R?
Can clustering be used for log-odds scores?
Basic knowledge about cognitive robotics
How to interpret model diagnostics graphics after R linear regression?
Would a Random Forest with multiple outputs be possible/practical?
Choosing a null hypothesis to answer the question "Are my model's predictions better than random?"
Interpreting group level coefficents/degrees of freedom in mixed effects model
How do I predict subject mean (w/ error) with repeated measurements in SPSS?
How to estimate the intensity of a multidimensional point process?
Standard error of binomial variables derived from continuous variables
Proposal for transition matrix for Metropolis-Hastings phylogenetic inference
Calculate number of needed simulations
Covariance matrix in multilevel repeated measures model
What is the definition of a symmetric distribution?
How to be sure about the distribution of a discrete and limited stochastic variable?
Principal component analysis in R
How to select significant variables for multi-factor regression?
How to compare parameters between different types of generalized linear model?
What is the advantage of having balanced panel data rather than unbalanced?
Size of the data set for measuring variation
How to analyse multiple between subjects factors in a mixed ANOVA in SPSS?
Observation (evidence) in dynamic Bayesian networks
How important is it to define the nested design in a within subject ANOVA?
Inequality convolution distribution function
Is the Poisson distribution stable and are there inversion formulas for the MGF?
Estimating good buying and selling prices on eBay using eBay sales history
Integration by parts distribution function
How to label a constant y-axis in a grid of plots?
How to plot a correlogram
How do I make power computation for testing differnce between two log normal means with R? 
Can someone please explain these word probability formulas to me?
Regression for an outcome (ratio or fraction) between 0 and 1
Plotting overlaid ROC curves
Plotting confidence intervals for the predicted probabilities from a logistic regression
About the GMRFlib
What is a method to calculate precisely $P(Y \geq X, Y\leq Z)$, given three independent random variables $X, Y$, and $Z$
Limit of a convolution and sum of distribution functions
Stability of cross-validation in Bayesian models
Normalize a periodic parameter
logistic regression. How to get dual function?
Sum of random variables decomposition
Books on non-parametric theory with correlated data
Clustering based on distance measure between data
Are there any extensions of the James-Stein estimator for the case of dependent variables?
$\sigma$-algebra intersection of infinite subsets
How to decide if to do dimensionality reduction before clustering?
Dynamic factor analysis vs factor analysis on differences
Can eliminating parameters reduce overfitting?
Using mle2() for age-period-cohort models
Friedman's Anova on qualitative data in SPSS
Simulating a Gaussian (Ornstein Uhlenbeck) process with an exponentially decaying covariance function
Goodness-of-fit for linear, mixed effects models
Correlation between two time series
How to perform a non-equi-spaced histogram in R?
Real data collection with small population
Cubic clustering criterion in R
Mean$\pm$SD or Median$\pm$MAD to summarise a highly skewed variable?
Regression technique for data comprised of categorical explanatory variables & a continuous response variable
Intuitive explanation of unit root
How many degrees of freedom with many subjects and many tests?
Confidence interval for the height of a histogram bar
Difference between neural net weight decay and learning rate
How to run survival analysis on big dataset?
Effects of ignoring the sampling strategy
Curing noncoverage with hot-deck imputation?
Difference between survival analysis and classification?
PCA loadings interpretation
Participant identifier for a field study in a sensitive work environment
Nonparametric ICC
A good resource to learn about the intuition and optimization models behind Markovitz modern portfolio theorem
What is one-step ahead static forecast?
Do you reject the null hypothesis when $p < \alpha$ or $p \leq \alpha$? 
Robust standard errors in multiple regression
How to calculate expected value and standard deviation if I have 100 values divided into 15 groups (normal distribution)?
How to compute standard deviation of difference between two data sets?
Deterministic algorithms inspired by MCMC?
What is the most effective way to populate the PCA training matrix for eigenfaces?
Power analysis for observational study of secondary data
Problem of "clustering" into most similar groups
Is that meaningful to compare two random variables?
Adjusted $R^2$ versus $R^2$ in multiple regression
Assuming my three data series are each $\chi^2(1)$ distributed, are they different from eachother?
Finding communities in online social networks by removing nodes
How to check if a sequence of number is time series or not?
Does MLE require i.i.d. data? Or just independent parameters?
Does autocorrelation cause bias in the regression parameters in piecewise regression?
Justification for use of $\chi^2(1)$ in Wald and score test
Posterior probability using forward backward algorithm in R
Expectation of a product of multiple random (Bernoulli) variables
Appropriate use of difference adjusted CIs in error bars for mixed ANOVA's time * group interaction
Inference on a probabilistic graphical model with observed continuous variable
Calculating standard error for funnel plots
Log transformation with negative values
Is there a conjugate prior for Gumbel-distributed data?
Accuracy in approximation with central limit theorem
Bandwidth selection for smooth reliability diagram
Creating auto-correlated random values in R
How to find out if an online poker-site is fair?
Calculating standard error for a Normal population
Strange result of post-hoc test
How to choose an appropriate covariance structure for a simple one-way within-subjects RM ANOVA design?
Two binomial probability Researcher paradox
Chi-square independence in political sciences
Each letter has a $40\%$ chance of being replied to; how many letters to send to be $99\%$ sure that you get 200 replies?
Interpreting residual diagnostic plots for glm models?
Fitting a complex model of variance-vs-mean for quasi likelihood models? (in R)
How can I minimize this least squares problem with inequality constraints?
Wrong values in Dunnett post-hoc test
Approximation in a equality
Does the samples mean and the histogram mean have to be the same?
Two studies, opposite results: Am I allowed to compute an overall mean using random-effect model?
Least squares with non-linear constraints
Can I hypothesis test for skew normal data?
Estimate sample size if two properties are measured and their probabilities are known
Probabilities of events related to drawing cards
How to read files (text and excell) into R?
Density of a scaled log transformed random variable?
What's the difference between likelihood and confidence in claim being true
What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
Estimating two break points in a broken stick model with random effects in R
Arbitrariness of Euler's number in exponential of log-normal distribution
What is the meaning of operators in regression or anova formulas in R
A course in experimental design for data miners
Jack-knife with time series models
Are there any *very* user friendly (preferably video) explanations of Baum-Welch?
How to examine predictive value of variables for an outcome that can only be observed as a group?
Visualizing a spline basis
Maximum likelihood estimator (Gaussian errors, known SD)
Can you overfit by training machine learning algorithms using CV/Bootstrap?
Conceptual understanding of root mean squared error and mean bias deviation
Support vector regression in R
Weighted clustering algorithm
What is the marginal distribution of a single draw from the Normal-Inverse-Wishart prior?
Is it possible to extrapolate a percentage from given logistic regression coefficients?
Probability associated with experiencing all outcomes
Contingency tables: what tests to do and when?
Mean-reversion for random process
Help required with using the correct model for sampling
Panel-data exploratory data analysis
A statistics book that explains using more images than equations
Collinear variables in Multiclass LDA training
Which machine learning blog do you recommend?
Multivariate time series model evaluation with conditional moments
Dynamically generating regression coefficients and tracking their change over time
Sampling with replacement
How can you summarize growth in the "production" rate per person?
Specify number of linear discriminants in R MASS lda function
Spline fitting in R - how to force passing two data points?
Data standardization in a repeated measures multilevel model
Could logistic regression be used to detect large errors in least squares regression?
What is the expectation of a normal random variable divided by uniform random variable?
What statistical measures are recommended for mixing of population samples?
Normalize sample data for clustering
Is there an easy way to calculate significant difference between two largely overlapping correlations from same sample?
Time series modeling with high-frequency data
What's a time series model for forecasting a percentage bound by (0,1)?
Variation on binomial experiment
How to visualise a 3D data-set for someone over the Internet?
Deciding on power to use for box-cox transformation
Random forest: how to handle new factor levels in test set?
How to interpret linear regression results (2-stage vs. 1 stage)?
What are good, freely available journals for keeping track of the latest developments in machine learning?
Mixed text and graphical univariate data summary in R
Testing for equality of variance in permutations (microarray analysis with bioconductor)
Do hidden Markov models contain Markov chains?
Significance of difference between 2 variables of Cauchy distribution
Distribution of product of sums of a set
Correct enunciation of $ \, \sum \big( {Y_{i}}-{ \hat{Y}_{i}} \big)^2$
OLS vs. logistic regression for exploratory analysis with a binary outcome
How to model this data?
How to write a linear model formula with 100 variables in R
Difference between CI of ANOVA level coefficients vs t-test CI - which one is "correct"?
How to conduct a meta-analysis using raw data?
How do I study the "correlation" between a continuous variable and a categorical variable?
Test for markov-property in a time-series
CLT and stable distributions
Parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric bootstrapping for mixed models
Multicollinearity among spatial predictors
What test can I use to prove there is an upward trend in time series of ratios assesment in R?
exact Monte Carlo simulation of a large sample histogram
Proper way to combine conditional probability distributions of the same random variable conditioned on a discrete variable ? (based on assumptions)
How to plot the contribution of each regression coefficient in a model, with R?
error in getting predictions from a lme object
How to compare or normalize two sets of probabilities?
Time series analysis with neural networks
How to present and compare mixed models vs. regular linear regression models?
Slope of a line given multiple points
Eigenvectors for the sum of two symmetric matrices
Probability of rolling 1 and 2 when rolling an unfair die 8 times
What is background risk or baseline risk?
When to use a t value and when to use 1.645 for a 90% confidence interval?
Estimating Diversity of operon types using HMMs across metagenomes: Mann-Whitney? Kruskal-Wallis? or other?
What tool can we use to assess if there are enough data?
p-value vs. confidence interval obtained in Bootstrapping
How to calculate the probability of it raining at least once in a 30 day period?
Hypothesis testing: small timeseries changes
Can I compare ordinal rankings (and if so, how)?
Why are rlm() regression coefficient estimates different than lm() in R?
Need help deriving regression statistics
Main challenges in data-mining
Difference and connection between generative learning, discriminative learning and max-margin learning
What is a market basket problem?
What are the differences between the linear regression and mixed models?
Jensen-Shannon divergence calculation for 3 prob distributions: Is this ok?
Model stability when dealing with large $p$, small $n$ problem
Error bars on sample variance
Is cross-validation an effective approach for feature/model selection for microarray data?
How to visualize both total counts of categories and proportions of subcategories in a plot?
Nonparametric regression in R
Parametric or non-parametric tests? ... or transformation?
When is it incorrect to draw stacked area charts?
From confidence interval to standard deviation - what am I missing?
What is the most suitable statistical test for a series of data?
Clustering groups based on frequency and last date of choice
"t-Chart" value
Non-inferiority testing with coefficients and standard errors from ANOVA table in MLR?
Goals for students in an introductory course?
How to interpret the output of survival analysis?
Minimum number of observations for multiple linear regression
How do you explain the difference between relative risk and absolute risk?
C++ library to play with statistics (detecting outliers in time series)
Is there an unbiased estimator of the Hellinger distance between two distributions?
Differences between PROC Mixed and lme / lmer in R - degrees of freedom
What if k-means starts in a local minimum?
Euclidean distance is usually not good for sparse data?
Ordinary kriging stationary case
Robust regression: setting the limit between errors and influential observations
Fixed effects contrasts in multilevel model
Nonintegral (and not half-integral) median
Standard error for the mean of a sample of binomial random variables
Clustering 5 dimensions into 4 based on mean?
Bayesian and frequentist optimization and intervals
Is it possible to estimate the odds of winning a multi-entry contest, when I don't know the breakdown of entries?
How do I deal with a violation of sample independence in a Pearson's correlation?
How can I compute Pearson's $\chi^2$ test statistic for lack of fit on a logistic regression model in R?
Accurate comparison over time period
Cell sizes for a fractional factorial design that ignores some main effects
The operation of chance in a deterministic world
How to sample from $\{1, 2, ..., K\}$ for $n$ random variables, each with different mass functions, in R?
Methods to find the relationships between independent and dependent variables instead of regression
Compare group difference with replicates?
Difference between simultaneous fitting and separate fitting
How to rigorously define the likelihood?
The pdf of multivariate normal distribution with high correlation values
Getting fixed-effect only predictions from mixed model on new data in R
How do I conduct a $\chi^2$ test on two different surveys?
Testing survival against frequency of some event
How should I account for small samples in a larger data set? Should I remove them?
What's the difference between statistics and informatics?
Tests for normed vector
What happens if you reject normality of residuals when estimating with least squares?
Experiment involving darts, how should I measure the response?
What is covariance in plain language?
Are there methods for automatically detecting features of a curve?
Inter-rater statistic for skewed rankings
How to determine best cutoff point and its confidence interval using ROC curve in R?
How to determine significant subgroups of data inputs?
Question about hierarchical regression
Regression when the OLS residuals are not normally distributed
Comparing densities of two partitions of a population
Accuracy of a telescope, measurement without systematic error
Standard deviation if in Excel
Piecewise orthogonal (Deming) regression
Overview of (common) classifiers and their characteristics
What is the correct way of estimating the proportion of individuals in a population from a count of their individual parts?
Is there a connection between empirical Bayes and random effects?
Mining association rules on relational data
Algorithms for 1D Gaussian mixture with equal variance and noise cluster
Interval estimation of $\sigma^2$ with the reliability of $95\%$
What is the appropriate machine learning algorithm for this problem?
The values of data points near the start and the end of time series, when smoothed with simple moving average
When conducting multiple regression, when should you center your predictor variables & when should you standardize them?
Mixture model and Pymix (python package for mixture models)
Regression with exponentially-smoothed errors
How to find and describe regularities in a distribution of interarrival times of a recurring event?
How to measure usage data across cohorts/segments?
Statistical hypothesis testing, one-sided t-test
Forecasting with exponential smoothing - impact of regression to the mean? Assumptions for forecasting?
Multinomial Naive Bayes
Nonnegative matrix factorization on a matrix with negative values
On-line detection of over-fitting in neural networks
What is a "polynomially bounded" function, and why is this a requirement of the The Delta Method?
Inference on random graph, with an application to mobile sensors
Post processing random forests using regularised regression: what about bias?
How do I interpret data from a 2x2 experiment with a floor effect that causes it to lack any variation in one cell?
How to fit a multivariate lognormal distribution to a given dataset
How to interpret the output for calculating concordance index (c-index)?
Segmented time-dependent covariate
How adding covariance noise in Gaussian processes to prevent overfitting?
Compare event count in two different time periods
Factor analysis and regression
How can I replace this condition by a probability?
How to correct for generated regressor bias?
How do betting houses determine betting odds for sports?
Uncertainty of extrapolation (curve fitting)
Frequentism and priors
Consistent estimator for probability density function at a given point
Market segmentation based on a time of consumption
Degrees of freedom in quadratic regression simultaneous confidence bands
How to determine if a change in F value when introducing a covariate, is significant?
Does a stepwise approach produce the highest $R^2$ model?
Confusion regarding the confidence interval
Dunnett's test for a large number of treatments
Confidence interval of multivariate gaussian distribution
Interrater reliability in SPSS
Techniques for incremental online learning of classifier on stream data
Statistic that combines proportion and 'success' size
The only spherical and independent density is normal!
Estimating population size from relative appearances
Variables which sum to a constant - ANOVA, MANOVA or none of these?
Estimated distribution of eigenvalues for i.i.d. (uniform or normal) data
What is the probability of rejection in rejection sampling?
When does the law of large numbers fail?
Expected deviation and uncertainty for a number of environmental measurements
Is it possible (or even usefull) to transform Log transformed data into Z-scores?
Probability of drawing letters from a word
Monte Carlo approach to compute prediction interval for GLM (Poisson & Neg Bin) with R
How to compute CDF probability of normal distribution
R limma voom function mean-variance trend
confusion regarding confidence interval of normal distribution
How to describe multi-channel sequence objects in TraMineR?
What is the distribution of the variance of a sample from an unknown distribution?
What is a good way to measure the "linearity" of a dataset?
Reference for $\mathrm{Var}[s^2]=\sigma^4 \left(\frac{2}{n-1} + \frac{\kappa}{n}\right)$?
Non-parametric confidence interval about the difference of means for unpaired data
boxplot : computed values combined with raw data
multiple change point analysis simultaneously for mean AND variance WITHOUT distribution assumption in R
How to calculate the probability that an algorithm classifies seven wines out of ten correctly when the true error is 0.23?
The meaning of probability when large number law fails
Method to find 'principal components' of EMG recordings of reflexes
Multilevel covariance structure and more
How to generate predictions with rjags?
Creating variogram for a 10,000 set data
Which weighting factor to use for text categorization
How to select best parameter for polynomial kernel?
Number of events of type B given n events of type A in a Poisson process
Entering values into a linear regression / gradient descent algorithm
What is the importance of the function $e^{-x^2}$ in statistics?
Good GLIM Books
How to decide between pearson, distance correlation or maximal information coefficient for currency data?
How to test and examine interaction effect in 2 by 3 by 6 mixed ANOVA design?
Method to estimate the prediction interval for GLM and negative binomial distribution
Can I use time series analysis on short time scales (e.g., with 5 to 30 measurements? 
Can I multiply and round proportion data for analysis in a GL(M)M with Poisson errors?
Visualizing high dimensional binary data
Is it possible to use common principal components for assessing covariance matrix similarity in R? 
Scope of non-linear least squares
Should confidence intervals for linear regression coefficients be based on the normal or $t$ distribution?
Variance partitioning and longitudinal changes in correlation with binary data
Using a cosine similarity does not work for any dataset
How to explain the partial correlation result?
Identifying outliers for non linear regression
negative binomial GLM with time elapsed as a predictor
machine learning to predict equations / parameters of equations
Linear combination of Gaussian random fields
MAD equivalent for standard error
In principal components regression, should I weight the regression the same as the PCA? Or at all?
Calculating error in sampling
How to move from some arbitrary "distance" to a probability distribution?
Non-technical conditions for validity of nonparametric bootstrap confidence intervals
How to efficiently do data transformation in R?
How to analyse RCT where significant baseline differences exist despite randomisation?
Appropriateness of PCA to visualize clusters in genetic data
Is it acceptable to run two linear models on the same data set?
Why regression of fitted vs. observed or observed vs. fitted values yield different results? 
Neural networks vs support vector machines: are the second definitely superior?
How to test whether workplace support influences  breastfeeding intention and duration?
Is there a generalization of Pillai trace and the Hotelling-Lawley trace?
What's the relevance of Tommy Franks and Geneva Convention to Robust Regression?
Distribution to reflect situation where some waiting leads us to expect more waiting
Linear regression when you only know $X^t Y$, not $Y$ directly
Variance-gamma distribution: parameter estimation
Basic easy rules for statistics
Vector autoregression - number of lags
Identifying the time lag between cause and effect
Statistical measure for if an image consists of spatially connected separate regions
Weird denominator degrees of freedom in SAS glimmix
Hyperparameter estimation in Gaussian process
Discrimination between multivariate populations when variables are non-normal?
How to check whether a sample is representative across two dimensions simultaneously?
Split-half reliability on binary scores
Multi class LDA vs 2 class LDA
Generating random matrices with sum and maximality constraints
Plot a subset of categories on the x-axis in ggplot
Standard error of the mean vs. standard error of mean difference
How are the constraints of the parameters of a GARCH model calculated?
Computing time issues when using ordinary kriging
Understanding what Dassault iSight is doing?
If $X \sim {\rm Bernoulli}(p)$, what is the distribution of $Y=aX-b$?
Biased variation of $\chi^2$ statistic?
Calibrate against multi-dimensional population totals using the survey package?
Optimizing regression coefficients to predict the largest outcomes
Probability of head in coin toss is not exactly 1/2!
Practical significance, especially with percents: "standard" measure and threshold
If there was a certification exam for statisticians, what would be the syllabus?
Risk assesment and non-statistician's perception of percentages
Linear factor analysis to find stationary factors?
Skills & coursework needed to be a data analyst
Is there a test for omitted variable bias in OLS?
Determine if a heavy tailed distributed process has improved significantly
Can somebody illustrate how there can be dependence and zero covariance?
Is it possible to have a pair of Gaussian random variables for which the joint distribution is not Gaussian?
Sampling for Imbalanced Data in Regression
Eigenvalues nearly all 1 in canonical correlation analysis
What analysis to use with a categorical DV and a within subjects design?
Is the effect of a 1-unit change in a covariate always constant in Cox- regression?
Boosted AR for time series forecasting?
Estimating standard error of related regressions in R
Tools for testing the validity of stocks market indicators
How to analyse the effect of changing parameters in a neural network?
Statistic hypothesis testing - Standard deviation less than 0.4
What software (paid or free) exists for learning large datasets?
Specifying mixed-linear model in lme() for pre-/post-treatment design
Which high performance methods exist to determine the statistical significance of web analytics metrics?
Get frequency of a noisy sample
Using MAD as a way of defining a threshold for significance testing
Generating volcano scatterplot
Which the best programming language to handle time series?
Test for convergence within Gibbs sampler
Regression with dummy for only one specific date
How to estimate effect of  individual levels, within each categorical variable on observed counts?
Converting OR to percentages and interpretation
Distance between two points with covariance
How does R's auto.arima() function determine the order of differencing when estimating a regression with seasonal ARIMA errors?
Generalization and recall
Asymptotic relative efficiency of median vs mean for Student t distribution
Likelihood ratio test overestimates significance. More appropriate test?
Adding gamma and 3-parameter log normal distributions to L-moments ratio diagram lmrd()
Is there a method to estimate distribution parameters given only quantiles?
Sampling in $\mathbb{R}^n$ with roughly equal Voronoi cells
Residual diagnostics in MCMC -based regression models
How can we bound the probability that a random variable is maximal?
How to assess repeatability of multivariate and method-specific outcomes?
Hierarchical regression with dummy variables
Confidence interval for Poisson parameter
Fitting logistic to small number of points in R
Which optimization algorithm to use for problems with many local optima and expensive goal function?
Is there an equivalent measure of explanatory power in Support Vector Regression (SVR) like in Least Squares?
Interpreting F and p statistics from R grangertest results
Defining an n-dimensional orthogonal basis set
Understanding the calculation of the independent samples Cohen's d from t & df
How does one construct the likelihood function of a distribution in the alpha stable family given non-i.i.d. data?
When should one use the Reduced Major Axis regression, aka Geometric Mean Functional Relationship?
Rare Events Model with a discrete index as the dependent variable?
Granger /Wald test interpretation
What analysis (in SPSS) should I use for a repeated measures design with dichotomous outcome variable?
How to statistically test whether breastfeeding support influences breastfeeding initiation and duration?
Confidence Band for Probability Mass or Density Function
Gaussian Process regression for high dimensional data sets
Sample size for binomial confidence interval
Calculating confidence for a web app conversion rate
How to nest in a generalized linear model in R?
Why not perform meta-analysis on partially simulated data?
Dichotomous DV and 3 points of measurement per condition within each subject
How to correct for inter-experimental variation in cell culture research?
How to simulate data that satisfy specific constraints such as having specific mean and standard deviation?
Practical difference between "sampling" and "re-sampling with replacement"
How to calculate error of percentage ratio?
Improving recall in a neural network
What software implements the multiple comparison sign test?
Reason to normalize in euclidean distance measures in hierarchical clustering
Unique subsequences of the human genome
Geometrical interpretation of correlation of a variable and the residual
What will be the correct answer, if we modify the "Best statistics question ever"?
What is the distribution of the 'achieved' $R^2$?
Not sure how to carry out this two-way repeated measures ANOVA
How/Why does resampling from "any" distribution lead to a normal distribution?
Probability of observed data in HMM
Coefficient estimated with a binary predictor $\in \{0,1\}$, but making predictions with values between $0$ and $1$ - is this OK?
Proportion Composite score for DV in rANOVA- Need Help Interpreting Results
Is it acceptable to reverse a sign of a principal component score?
Comparing two classifiers on separate pairs of train and test datasets
Suitable number of classes for SVM in text categorization
Understanding hypothesis testing, confidence intervals and frequencies
Univariate clustering of time series 
Factor significant within model but non significant after drop?
Why is expectation the same as the arithmetic mean?
Priors for log-normal models
Calculate R-squared with JAGS and R
How to develop a smart sort ordering of list data using popularity/rating algorithms
Testing the parameter of a sub-sample
Collinearity diagnostics disagree - VIF, condition index, and correlation matrix
Bayesian, MDL or ML interpretation of cross-validation?
Hierarchical clustering: is it possible to combine single-linkage clustering and average linkage clustering?
What is the relationship between sample size and the influence of prior on posterior?
Can I do a t test if I have little to no variance in one group?
What test to use for p-value?
Simple joint probability distribution table calculations
How to perform two-sample t-tests in R by inputting sample statistics rather than the raw data?
What is the difference between fixed effects model and random effects model for a meta-analysis of sample correlations?
How to calculate mean and standard deviation in R given confidence interval and a normal or gamma distribution?
Multivariate ordered logit or probit
Accuracy of each path in a decision tree in Matlab
How to assess predictive power of set of categorical predictors of a binary outcome? Calculate probabilities or logistic regression?
Gaussian process - dimensionality reduction
Joint probabilities for continuous and binomial variables
Using lmer() with missing levels
R equivalent to cluster option when using negative binomial regression
How do I call nonconsecutive rows in an R dataframe?
Small dimensional classification (< 20 features), one (or two) dominant predictors
Feature selection given non-normal variables?
How can I use "partial pooling" to shrink cells with a small sample size towards the mean in a contingency table?
What is a good book on experimental design and data analysis relevant to industrial bakery applications?
Shifting bootstrap confidence interval to be centered around original parameter
Is a biased or unbiased estimator used for pooled SD in calculating Cohen's d?
Are significance tests for the assumption of constant variance too strict when sample size is large?
Using generalized method of moments (GMM) to calculate logistic regression parameter
How do I get a $p$-value from the Cochran-Armitage trend test?
Best practice when merging waves from non-panel survey
Identifying when fixed effects have changed in a GLMM
Generalized linear model for Levy distribution with not complete data
How to determine the effect size of a Wilcoxon rank-sum test in R?
Geometric interpretation of penalized linear regression
How to calculate a posterior for the given model?
Alternative to coefficient of variation (CV)/relative standard error as a measure of estimate's reliability/stability
Interpreting the change in random effect variance over time in a GLMM
How to calculate the correlation between smoking patients and heart attacks for each country?
What does a non positive definite covariance matrix tell me about my data?
Error in normal approximation to a uniform sum distribution
Neural network training on unlimited theoretical data
How to predict how long a worker will take to perform a task when performance on the task is only known for other workers?
If gauge charts are bad, why do cars have gauges?
How can partial eta squared be 5% and yet SPSS says 0.045?
How to deal with ceiling effect due to measurement tool?
Probability of selecting each item at least once when sampling with replacement
When does LASSO select correlated predictors?
What are acceptable validation or cross validation error rates?
Statistical analysis for rubric-based research
Automatically determine probability distribution given a data set
How to combine subsets consisting of mean, variance, confidence, and number of sampled points used?
Plotting interval censored follow-up time as a line chart
What is the distinction between paired and unpaired time series?
How to check and correct heteroskedasticity in a multilevel model?
The use of logarithmic form to facilitate comparison
Prediction errors in orthogonal regression
What causes extremely small p values in Granger causality test?
How to compare two groups on a measure of social skills that includes 5 subscales where each subscale is number correct out of 12?
How to calculate similarity in gene expression for each gene in two conditions and rank them?
Is Marliyn vos Savant correct about the 2/3 odds in her version of the Monty Hall problem?
Mixture Models and Dirichlet Process Mixtures (beginner lectures or papers)
How to display a large number of model results from groups of data?
How to handle multicollinearity in a linear regression with all dummy variables?
Random generation of n-dimensional data with possibly correlated variables
How to increase variance in Gaussian Process regression?
Concise book/tutorial for Statistics (Data Analysis)
Why does a model perform worse after reintroducing observations with missing data imputed?
Whether and how to calculate adjusted r-squared in factor analysis?
How can r-squared be very high in all groups except one where it is very low?
Can complex sampling be ignored for exploratory patient-centered analyses?
How to assess accuracy of phone GPS in measuring distances?
xts object to ts object / seasonal dummies for xts
How to give entire word a quality score to account for the phred score of each letter?
How  to test  whether subgroup mean differs from overall group that includes the subgroup?
Generating random variables satisfying constraints
How to obtain covariance matrix for constrained regression fit?
What is the difference between a stationary test and a unit root test?
How to best display forecast deviation?
(Non-linear) Transformation of confidence interval for multinomial parameters
How to add features of the 2nd level into a multi-level regression?
Quantitative evaluation metric of kmeans clustering results
Estimate density from neighbor distances
Repeatedly rolling a six sided die four times and summing the highest three results gives you a distribution with what mean and standard deviation?
Deriving the conditional distributions of a multivariate normal distribution
Test if one predictor's lack of a relationship with the DV is because of a negative relationship with another predictor correlated with the DV
What is the meaning of orthogonal in validation testing?
Probabilistic regression with outliers
What distribution can be closely (or precisely) fit to the "5 number summary" statistics?
Significance test for non-normal population?
How to analyze a 34 item standardised survey purportedly measuring 6 dimensions using SPSS?
Confused about sum and treatment contrasts
Computing Cohen's Kappa variance (and standard errors)
Correlation significant in each group but non-significant over all?
How to choose between nested or split-plot analysis of variance?
Analyzing Likert scales
Selecting samples in noisy data based on correlation with a multivariate mean vector?
Moving average signal confidence
How to bootstrap non-negative matrix factorization results?
A list of common time series tests?
Confusion regarding kriging
Queries regarding gaussian processes and kriging
Role of n.minobsinnode parameter of GBM in R
Hypothesis testing on the inverse covariance matrix
How to simulate functional data?
Generate sets of values with high correlation coefficient
Calculating probability of project tasks, and most likely ending date?
A question about parameters of Gamma distribution in Bayesian econometrics
Correspondence analysis on a table of means
Suggestion about morphometric analysis in R using lm or lme
How to do binary logistic regression on people (couples) clustered within homes?
False discovery rate of a Bayesian classifier: scaling based on prior odds?
Posterior derivation with prior as Normal-Gamma distribution
bayesian test of linear regression hypothesis
Linear regression with shot noise
Testing if short sequence of small values drawn from binomial distribution
Is it acceptable to use Cronbach's alpha to assess reliability of questionnaire composed of categorical and conditional items?
Is building a multiclass classifier better than several binary ones?
Expected log value of noncentral exponential distribution
What test is appropriate for binary outcome with repeated measures and binary, ordinal and continuous independent variables?
How do test whether two multivariate distributions are sampled from the same underlying population?
Funny statistics exam answers
How to interpret OOB and confusion matrix for random forest?
Does using bootstrapping change how you deal with problems of Type I errors when testing multiple correlations?
Refugee from SPSS having issues with fit.contrast in R
Should Kevin Durant be benched?
What are the assumptions of ordinal mixed effects logistic regression?
Which t-test to use for a two-group pre- post-test design?
Comparing rates of binomial outcome response in large datasets
Looking for a good online resource about survey design and analysis
Basis of Pearson correlation coefficient
Cluster randomized sampling and subseqent analysis
Initializing K-means centers by the means of random subsamples of the dataset?
How small a quantity should be added to x to avoid taking the log of zero?
Examples of errors in MCMC algorithms
What is the "$R^2$" value given in the summary of a coxph model in R
How to test that a set of distributions are located in a given order?
Whether to apply structural equation modelling separately to each of a set of heterogeneous correlation matrices in a meta-analysis context?
Generalization of Brownian motion to $\alpha$-stable distributions
Estimating the parameters of a sum of a Gaussian and an $\alpha$-stable random variable
Finding local extrema of a density function using splines
Confusion regarding least squares method
Why autocovariances could fully characterise a time series?
Relationship between Intimal thickness (as assessed by score) and age or hormonal status
Model-selection for linear mixed models over alternative sets of parameters (nlme function in R)
Assessing the accuracy of a deterministic mathematical model
Best multivariate polynomial regression
For chi-square on any 2 by X contingency table, should no more than 20% of the cells  be less than 5? 
How to specify a multilevel regression using lmer function in R?
Can the performance of a deterministic model be evaluated without an estimate of model uncertainty?
What is the difference between deterministic models and probabilistic models that assume that error follows a degenerate distribution?
Building GLM Model with dependent variable as a proportion for 4 categories using R software
Can you use composite z-scores in a repeated measures t-test?
What's a good way to use R to make a scatterplot that separates the data by treatment?
Is it plausible to get a Cronbach's alpha of .85 with only two Likert-type items?
Posterior simulations of the variances with the mcmcsamp function
Ordered logit with (too many?) categorical independent variables
Run a Monte Carlo simulation of a startup while conceiving it? Has it been done?
False convergence warning message in lmer
Is the product of two independent random variables independent of a random variable which is not independent of one of the factors?
Cov(a,bc) when Cov(a,b)=0, cov(a,c) not zero
Count average on data for a long time period
How to implement this classification/labelling problem?
Poisson Rate Regression: Offset?
Confidence intervals for two-part regression model
Mean square error or mean squared error
dummy variables with overlapping categories?
How do you predict a continuous value from many booleans & a continuous value?
Degrees of freedom/significance of group-level predictors in lmer
What is the meaning of the semicolon in $f(x;\Theta)$?
Summarization of correlated but noisy measurement data
Is it possible to append training data to existing SVM models?
Likelihood based model selection
Is it typical for group means of composite z-scores to have means with values of the same magnitude but opposite signs?
What is the probability that this person is female?
Distribution of variable for discriminant function analysis
Why does the fit get worse when I remove a non-significant predictor from my path model?
What type of sampling is this?
Comprehensive dataset for documents classification
How to calculate cumulative distribution in R?
Simulating distributions
Plotting a logistic GAM model in R - why is the scale not 0-1?
How to combine standard deviations?
Estimating Alpha parameter in a stable distribution
Toeplitz variance matrix with nlme
What to conclude when you fail to find an association in an epidemiological study?
Can we trust the results of PROC MIXED when the G matrix is not positive definite?
Calculating possible combinations with restrictions
How to convert standardized coefficients to unstandardized coefficients?
How are Kenward & Roger's degrees of freedom computed in PROC MIXED?
Does using box-cox transformation on individual data sets prevent these data from being comparable?
Generating quartiles from an imputed variable
Variance matrix with equal diagonal entries in PROC MIXED
Why are svm training labels +/- 1?
Building the vocabulary in document classification
How to specify and estimate the parameters of a model that is quadratic in several variables
2-dimensional moment and rotation
Missing cells with Type III SS
Cross validation for multivariate imputation
What does that mean that two time series are colinear?
How can I estimate 95% confidence intervals using profiling for parameters estimated by maximising a log-likelihood function using optim in R?
Software or libraries to create doc-term matrix
Making boxplots of hourly data in R
Is there a quantitative way to compare the distribution shape of different samples?
How to do clustering on monthly collected data?
Gaussian Process goodness of fit
Can I used a repeated measures ANOVA or do I have to use a multivariate ANOVA?
Can I include nominal predictor variables in ordinal regression?
How does Cornish-Fisher VaR (aka modified VaR) scale with time?
Bootstrap PCA with varimax rotation
Logistic regression across groups
Are tree map diagrams effective at conveying information?
How can I optimise computational efficiency when fitting a complex model to a large data set repeatedly?
Hidden Markov model thresholding
When is it appropriate to pool data?
Problem with Pareto distribution and R
convert zip codes to latitude and longitude
Binary classification and ROC curve area less than .5
Multinomial logistic regression assumptions
Extremely large class set for support vector machine (SVM) classification
What's the simplest way to create a beanplot in MATLAB?
Reinforcement Learning Value Iteration Explained
Most effective SVM implementation for large classes and datasets?
Understanding the linear mixed effects model equation and fitting a random effects model with weights in R
How to add non-linear trend line to a scatter plot in R?
How to get started with rating and ranking based on pairwise competition data?
How to test uniformity in several dimensions?
Dealing with multicollinearity of explanatory variables in panel regression when the usual remedies fail
Estimation problem in econometric model
Machine Learning and training time: is it really relevant?
Is it appropriate to do a multiple logistic regression where both the dependent and independent variables are binary?
How would one graph the results of subjective rank order?
Does a linear SVM behave in the same way as correlation except with the imposition of a large margin?
Differences between a statistical model and a probability model?
Ecological mixed data cluster analysis: Transformations required? Use K-means or hierarchical methods?
How to calculate minF' with corrected degrees of freedom?
Is the power for a Kappa test the same as underlying z-test?
How to perform paired sample t-test when the standard error of the difference is zero?
What to say to a client that thinks confidence intervals are too wide to be useful?
How to calculate 95% confidence interval of two group means and perform hypothesis test comparing group means?
Should you use a regression line predicting drop from new car sale price from car age to set the price of a used car?
Using ARMA when data is missing
What would be a good paper to cite to explain simulation methods in proc mixed in SAS?
Estimating event duration by sampling with a Poisson process
How to interpret main effects when the interaction effect is not significant?
Determining the expected number of accident-free days per year in a city
Simulating answering a series of questions correctly in a row
What is the difference between a consistent estimator and an unbiased estimator?
Calculating a pooled odds ratio from an adjusted odds ratio?
How to produce a polynomial trend line equation that takes three arrays as parameters?
What are some illustrative applications of empirical likelihood?
Bag of words vs vector space model?
What is the influence of C in SVMs with linear kernel?
Learning models for dependent point processes
Understanding Fisher's combined test
Flat ETS forecast of clearly increasing time series
Kaplan-Meier multiple group comparisons
How to perform inter-rater reliability with multiple raters, different raters per participant, and possible changes over time?
Different size of vocabulary made by Weka and R's tm
Understanding the mixed effect model thru creating my own optimization-based model
How to produce a pretty plot of the results of k-means cluster analysis?
Are inconsistent estimators ever preferable?
Combining probabilities for sports prediction
How do I use the SVD in collaborative filtering?
Popularity of Bayesian methods in statistics and machine learning
How to ensure data is normally distributed for the purpose of performing a continuous wavelet transform?
What is the error term in a Multiplicative Error Model?
Classification algorithm and big text field
Regression with categorical factor variable and the correlation among the variables
Inducing sparsity in a Bayesian model
How to get standard errors from R zero-inflated count data regression?
What is the difference between corAR1 and corCAR1 correlation structures?
Confidence interval for the number of trials before you've observed each outcome in the sample space?
Testing whether two regression coefficients are significantly different
How to estimate variance components with lmer for models with random effects and compare them with lme results
Posterior probability vs. Viterbi algorithm
What should I do while designing stratified cluster randomized sampling survey if cluster size is large/smaller than I expect?
How to estimate the accuracy of an integral?
If you use a point estimate that maximizes $P(x | \theta)$, what does that say about your philosophy? (frequentist or Bayesian or something else?)
Drawing a random sample using a random number table
Creating a variogram for geographical data
How to compare two samples on 25 variables, each designed to measure one of three underlying constructs?
Can I estimate the parameter of a Poisson arrival process from a low-incidence observation period?
Likert scale question divided into different group. How to calculate mean of different group?
Asynchronous (irregular) Time Series Analysis
Estimation of parameters as a mode of posterior distribution
plot data on a map
What is a lift chart?
p-value adjustment via permutation for multiple correlations
How to simulate Signal-Noise Ratio?
Help with the Ljung-Box test for time independence of residuals
Solving simultaneous linear equations with R
Identifying differences among calibration curves: ANCOVA?
Logistic regression residual analysis
How are Taguchi orthogonal arrays derived?
About sample mean and the mean of various samples
Does the variance of a sum equal the sum of the variances?
Hypothesis testing using only RSS
Cross-validation and weights with glmnet
Variance estimates in k-fold cross-validation
Following up a three-way interaction found with (mixed) model comparison
Am I using the wrong statistical test?
Can I use a measure when it has low reliability?
Analysing choices pattern
How can I compute a repeated measurement ANOVA with a mixed model?
ARIMA modeling with non-stationary daily data, at what lag do I difference the series?
Why do I get wildly different results for poly(raw=T) vs. poly()?
Using days and months as levels in hierarchy
Model for survival data with an additional response
What are the potential functions of the cliques in Markov random field?
How to compare loess models from related datasets?
Use of "post-hoc" tests - do these require an ANOVA to be performed first?
Estimating the number of times each of four pairs of dice was thrown
Interpreting online sample size stat tool in order to (gain) confidence intervals
Does it matter how you sample a population?
Finding the correlation of every row and column between 2 matrices in R, then taking the max and min values
How can I measure model performance with weighted logistic regression?
Whether to stratify or do a simple random sampling from a set of papers to be compared?
What is the reason that a likelihood function is not a pdf?
How to fit a time series model for a large dataset?
AIC with Mantel's tests
What impact does increasing the training data have on the overall system accuracy?
What is bias correction?
Absolute error loss minimization
Does a regression tree strictly dominate OLS in prediction?
Does efficiency imply unbiased and consistency?
Compare several regression lines ANCOVA?
Information theoretic central limit theorem
What is the difference between linearly dependent and linearly correlated?
How can I check if my time series data is zero mean, stationary and independent identically distributed?
Expected number of failures preceding the first success
Drawing balls with two features
Hierarchical multinomial logit with R/JAGS
Distance threshold for clustering
What is the role of MDS in modern statistics?
Regarding kernel-based naive Bayesian classifier
Factor analysis for ordinal variables that have different categories
How do I predict performance for individuals who haven't taken any courses yet?
PLINK meta-analysis method
Whether to use multinomial logistic regression with a three-category outcome variable and many binary predictors?
Dealing with 0,1 values in a beta regression
Using Bayesian model diagrams to present both model description and results (posteriors)?
Is there any problem which can be solved only by fuzzy theory but not by statistics?  
Distance function for categories in K-means
Imputation of a censored variable
Testing periodogram "peaks": sine-like wave or AR/MA/ARMA noise?
GWAS and Statistical theory - does the likelihood of a detectable main effect decrease with complexity?
How should one interpret the comparison of means from different sample sizes?
Power analysis of a secondary data set with a multi-level model
Find most likely fit for subgroup size and average density from product and supergroup size
Parameter estimation for the sum of two Independent (not necessarily i.d.) Gamma RVs
How to test whether the trend line between two time periods significantly differ?
Two sample t-test with mean centralized data
Comparing Pareto fitting methods
How to measure the performance of a regressor?
Simple random walk and sudden drift, how to detect the change?
How can I get stepwise selection for multinomial regression in SPSS to process?
Time Series Decomposition : Box Cox for Additive Decomp
How to combine values based on standard errors?
Some questions about two-sample comparisons
How can I improve sentiment analysis of user comments?
Calculate covariance matrix from observations
Linear discriminant analysis and Bayes rule: classification
LDA with a categorical predictor variable
How can I compare cancer counts by race for 4 types of cancer
Time series analysis on login data to forecast CPU demand using R
Relative error formula
Which statistical method to use: Kruskal-Wallis, one-way ANOVA, or another?
Mixture distributions moments if one distribution has undefined/infinite moments
Evaluation of groups of parameters across multiple data sets in logistic regression
Is it necessary to detrend and decycle time-series data when using machine learning methods?
How do you calculate the likelihood ratio test statistic in this problem?
Is data on a 1 to 4 scale interval or ordinal?
Multiplicity in sample size calculation for stratified estimation problem
How can I use standard deviation/SEM to assess the appropriateness of replacing missing values with the mean?
Size of cluster as a predictor in a glmm
Predictions using glmnet in R
Rao-Cramér inequality
How to interpret the results of the R pnorm and analogous functions?
Minimum sample size to achieve a specific confidence level and interval
What test should be used to compare several regression lines?
AUC vs error rate for classification
Is there a software package designed to automatically check the assumptions of various statistical tests? 
Can you use discriminant analysis to classify new observations into categories generated by a previous $k$-means clustering?
What is the difference between wilcox.test and coin::wilcox_test in R?
Estimating the probabilities of many events given only intersections
How should I analyze data on birth intervals of women?
Interaction Terms and Logit Models
How to determine percentiles/quantiles in SPSS?
Approximate multidimensional sequences
Clustering as a means of splitting up data for logistic regression
Calculating the confidence interval for simple linear regression coefficient estimates
Is a multigroup confirmatory factor analysis appropriate for comparing the measurement model across two groups?
Is the observed allele frequency significantly less than the predicted?
Confusion in linear regression confidence interval calculation
How to interpret the confidence interval of a variance F-test using R?
Confusion regarding when to use $z$-statistics vs. $t$-statistics
What is the relationship between regression and linear discriminant analysis (LDA)?
How exactly do neural network and support vector machine methods reduce dimensionality?
Is it correct to compute LR stat after maximising likelihood with bounds?
Is is correct to compare t-statistics of different pairs of cointegrated timeseries?
How to establish relationships using box plots?
Forecasting hierarchical time series R package
Modeling a Poisson process with 10000 events per minute
How can you relate the coefficients of a multivariate regression of ${\bf Y} \sim {\bf X}$ to the coefficients of ${\bf X} \sim {\bf Y}$?
Identifying the population and samples in a study
Help me understand $p$-values in Bayesian glm
What exactly is the "wid" argument in the ezANOVA function in the R package "ez"?
Comparing two experimental groups and a treatment group using ANOVA
Can you compare regression slopes from a mixed model?
Why does the $\alpha$ parameter grow to $\infty$ in Pareto-distributed random numbers when changing the threshold?
Plotting gam model output - not component smooth functions
Significance of transfer entropy calculations
Does the 'fit' attribute of a gbm object contain the OOB estimates? 
Correlating variables with eigenvalues in principal components analysis
New revolutionary way of data mining?
Comparing means between two groups over three time points
What are the characteristics for a problem to be statistical?
How should I analyze this design with no replication?
How do I account for silent states in decoding/evaluating hidden Markov models?
How to estimate a multiple regression function that has interactions between the independent variables and is potentially non-linear?
What is bias in aerosol data?
What is a full conditional probability?
How to get prediction for a specific variable in WinBUGS?
Is there a software package to fit grouped (aggregated) logistic panel regression models?
Getting past independence assumptions in modeling the sum of random variables (application in education)
Repeated measures within and between conditions
How to display my data in a visually pleasing way?
Estimating the quantiles of a latent variable
How to obtain the results of a Tukey HSD post-hoc test in a table showing grouped pairs?
Standard error of a count
How to check whether maximum likelihood estimation optimizer has converged in R?
Modelling both mean and dispersion of count data
What test is appropriate for this binned data?
ezANOVA package in R: right method for my experimental design?
Rolling price returns in a linear regression
Is there an R function that will compute the cosine dissimilarity matrix? 
How to construct an optimally balanced reference corpus for text categorization?
Questions about how random effects are specified in lmer
Computing confidence intervals for non-independent data
What hypothesis test should I use to test for equal "success" probabilities in paired binary data? 
What is the optimal $k$ for the $k$ nearest neighbour classifier on the Iris dataset?
What is a stationary Gaussian field?
Calculating $R^2$ when one variable can only take integer values
What are some common measures of variation in an interval?
Origin of "5$\sigma$" threshold for accepting evidence in particle physics?
Logistic regression weights of uncorrelated predictors
How do I compare the accuracy of two measurement devices when one of them is the reference?
Graphing a Probability Curve for a Logit Model With Multiple Predictors
Is Amazon's "average rating" misleading?
Coding "Don't know" in Stata
Is it mathematically justifiable to log transform variables before running an ANOVA? 
Is sample homogeneity an assumption of regression analysis?
Autocorrelation from multiple time series samples
Recover data after PCA
Cross validation and prediction for unknown data
Type II anova with poly contrasts matrix
Comparing the difference between two ranks
Some questions about VAR-models, $\Phi$-matrix-coefficients and partial-(auto-)correlations
Is the overlap between two gene expression samples significant?
Statistical Significance of Population Change
Do inputs to a Neural Network need to be in [-1,1]? 
Problem with multiple group CFA with censored variables using Mplus
Confusion regarding random walk model
Basic Multivariate Regression Analysis with R
Meaning of 2.04 standard errors? Significantly different means when confidence intervals widely overlap?
Contradicting p-values for Anova and Kruskal-Wallis on same data: Which is right?
How can I align/synchronize two signals?
Differentiating correlation and causation using conditional probablity
Correlation analysis and correcting p-values for multiple testing II
Experimental design for testing changes in categorical outcomes
Data-transformation of data with some values = 0
Modeling a spatial trend by regression with the $(x,y)$ coordinates as predictors
Under what conditions can a PLS regression model be expressed by single linear equation?
What is the connection between credible regions and Bayesian hypothesis tests?
Forecasting volatility using GARCH
Solution for error message in minitab
Exponentiate a quadratic form, which MVN?
Event classification in Higgs' Boson discovery
Averaging several density functions
How to test the statistical significance for categorical variable in linear regression?
Kurtosis/4th central moment in terms of mean and variance
Confusion regarding CRF
Sample size to tell if more than X% of the population can do <thing>
How do you know which predictor value to use?
How to do goodness-of-fit and residual diagnosis for rlm in R?
Lucene-based text feature construction
Confusion regarding dynamic programming in CRF paper
Logistic regression for multiclass
PCA with on data with unequal length
PCA components changing over time
Impact of regression normality-assumption on model comparison & prediction?
Dealing with a large number of predictors in Logistic Regression
Gradient descent and elastic-net logistic regression
Scatterplot with contour/heat overlay
Proof for principal component score
Confusion in parameter estimation of conditional random field
Probability Curve from logit model
How is approximately unbiased bootstrap better than a regular bootstrap with regards to hierarchical clustering?
Finding a comparable Control group for a treatment group?
What is the difference between the forward-backward and Viterbi algorithms?
How to test/prove data is zero inflated?
Finding improvement of a test population
How defensible is it to choose $\lambda$ in a LASSO model so that it yields the number of nonzero predictors one desires?
An event-log data-set for evaluating a filtering system?
What to do when the means of two samples are significantly different but the difference seems too small to matter
How do I cluster data where some observation can not be in the same cluster?
Independence of variables and ANOVA
Is it okay to compare fitted distributions with the AIC?
Analyse within-subject data as between-subject data
Generate three correlated uniformly-distributed random variables
Is there a (parametric) distribution over sparse symmetric, binary matrix-valued random variables?
How to handle both text and numbers for PCA in R?
Hilbert spaces and time series
Procedure for variable selection + logistic regression when n is small, p is large, and data are unbalanced?
Problems with a simulation study of the repeated experiments explanation of a 95% confidence interval - where am I going wrong?
K - means cluster always landing right on top of whole dataset mean
Online reference for review of introductory statistics material
How to calculate group statistics in R
Sum of uniform distributions
Does the non-normality matter in using regression for prediction?
What is the name of this type of stratifed sampling?
Binary classifier - dividing dataset into training and evaluation sets
Why is regression about variance?
Maximum likelihood estimation in a Poisson model for football (soccer) scores
How to estimate storage needs using the PERT distribution for filesizes?  How to aggregate them without falling into the flaw of extremes?
How to handle data imbalance in Principal Component Analysis?
Dealing with high dimension in principal component analysis
How to estimate loyalty to service?
How to model market share or a fraction of anything that sums to 100%?
What is a good textbook on statistical genetics for someone without a lot of biology background?
Coefficients change signs
Which test to use for comparing changes in computer source code?
AR1 Modelling using dlmModReg
"Fully Bayesian" vs "Bayesian"
What is the difference between normal distribution and standard normal distribution?
How can I estimate the likelihood of being in a traffic accident on the US101 by day of week and time of day?
Recovering raw coefficients and variances from orthogonal polynomial regression
Bayesian vs frequentist Interpretations of Probability
How to find probability with multiple pieces of evidence?
What is the purpose of dividing covariance by multiple of S.D. of X and S.D. of Y for computation of sample correlation by K.P. formula?
What is the best way to detect trends in item popularity?
Inductive vs deductive Inference
Why does my naive Bayes classifier only give me probabilities near 0?
Detecting Clusters of "similar" source codes
Evaluation of classifier using ROC curve in the presence of rare events
Choose among poststratification/calibration weights
What is the effect of merging categories on logistic regression estimates?
What's the forward stagewise regression algorithm?
Fuzzy K-means - Cluster Sizes
What is percentage of variance in PCA?
Likelihood for Poisson data
Is it OK to fit random effects before fixed effects?
Should EFA be repeated after deletion of items with low factor loadings?
Is it possible to visualize my data set in Excel?
Is the validity coefficient the same thing as $\rho$ in statistics?
How can I assess the effect of several categorical predictors on an outcome variable? 
Are there references for plotting binary time series?
Analysing data from non-equivalent groups in a quasi-experimental design
Difference between SOM and Hopfield
BIC or AIC to determine the optimal number of clusters in a scale-free graph?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of Inverse Gamma Distribution in R or RPy
About correlation of ordinal variables having different number of categories and about correlation of mixed type of variables
How to get p-value for indirectly generated random variables?
Sales prediction of Amazon Sales Rank
What is the most efficient way of training data using least memory?
How does one build/find a mathematical model for a convex relationship?
Meaning of return period on extreme events
How does "thin" setting affect the number of samples in WinBUGS?
Looking for a step through an example of a factor analysis on dichotomous data (binary variables) using R
How to best represent median proportions using stacked bar charts?
What is the advantage of median polish over the median?
How to combine features extracted by PCA, LDA and LBP?
How does a generalized linear mixed model estimate means and how does this differ from calculating means by hand?
How to perform linear regression with categorical factors?
Correlate registered voters with local election results
Does Loopy BP give the same solutions as a Gibbs sampler?
Based on factor loadings (in factor analysis) can we give unequal weights to Likert scale items?
How do you calculate the expected value of $e^{-X}$?
Cluster clickstream data
How to compute the number of games that must be played for the better team to win 70% of the time?
Evidence on red-purple-blue graphs
Difference between a census and a sample
Probability distribution of income
Definition and origin of “cross entropy”
What will be/how do I estimate US household income in 2020?
Non-parametric repeated measures ANOVA
Whether to assume nominal variables are ordinal when computing distance measurement for mixed?
Excluding the components and only including the interaction term in a logistic regression?
What's the difference between mathematical statistics and statistics?
Which statistical method should I use to prove significant difference for my picture? 
How to adjust for group size when analyzing interactions among group members?
What is the mathematical model formula corresponding to this gam model fit in R?
Seeking a real illustration of Fisher's quote about DoE
Evaluate/Compare multiple numerical dataset for consensus or difference in R
Parameters’ uncertainty for small sample size
Bonferroni correction in generalised linear model
What can you do when you have predictor variables that are based on group averages with different sample sizes?
Efficient Portfolio Optimization Through Simulation
Checking Poisson distribution plot using mean and variance relationship?
When to use B'' or B''D as a measure of response bias?
Why the introduction of a random slope effect enlarged the slope's SE?
Multilabel logistic regression
Probability density function between -1 and 1?
Prerequisite for "Introduction to Statistical Thought"
When can we add a statistical touch to least square optimization problems?
Follow-up updates in case-cohort designs
Zero-inflated Poisson regression
Are randomForest variable importance values comparable across same variables on different dates?
Primitive length measurements
Sheppard's correction
What are the standard statistical tests to see if data follows exponential or normal distributions?
Derivation of a the log-likelihood for a regression model where the outcome is a mixture between Poisson and a point mass at zero
Automated procedure for selecting subset of data points w/ strongest correlation?
Working through Lenth's maximum likelihood estimation in JS
Wilcoxon test in boot() function
Fishy significance test: Am I doing something wrong with ANOVAs?
Confidence interval and probability - where is the error in this statement?
Is it 'legal' to publish a meta-analysis online?
Linear model overfitting  due to too many covariates
How to transform observed variables to their underlying latent variable in SPSS?
How to draw mean, median and mode lines in R that end at density?
Linear model overfit due to too many covariates?
How should I interpret the interaction term in a Cox proportional hazards model?
Combine MultiClassClassifier and MetaCost in WEKA and make cost matrices for each binary classifier
Is it valid to compare p-values from test statistics with different DF?
Which distributions have closed-form solutions for maximum likelihood estimation?
PCA of non-Gaussian data
Fitting distributions and comparing tails
If the most common leading digit is one, is Benford's Law satisfied?
Open source data mining package comparsion
Probabilistic model for individual income change
How to make Random Forests more interpretable?
How to sample from the prior predictive distribution in jags?
SVD of correlated matrix should be additive but doesn't appear to be
How to compare first to second half of measurements in a counterbalanced behavioral experiment?
How do you use the EM algorithm to calculate MLEs for a latent variable formulation of a zero inflated Poisson model?
Derivation of equations in kriging
ROC vs Accuracy
Contraindication for STL decompostion
Interpretation of mixed model coefficients
Normalizing 3D position data
Can't get observation-wise factor scores from psych package
Bias in classifier model selection
How to evaluate a multivariate gaussian condition
How to fit log returns to an AR() model in R?
Assessing difference observations of two samples
Resources or methods for determining if a technique is in current use?
How important is it to transform variable for Cox Proportional Hazards?
How can I generate data with a prespecified correlation matrix?
PCA objective function: what is the connection between maximizing variance and minimizing error?
Quantify influence in ANOVA
How to combine several time series into a useful average time series?
How to impute an ordinal variable with MICE but prevent it from taking one value?
If $X$ has a log-normal distribution, does $X-c$ also have a log-normal distribution?
Finding a distribution by simulation?
Within-class covariance matrix
How to interpret these custom contrasts?
Time series models for projected sales
What are $\ell_p$ norms and how are they relevant to regularization?
Understanding basic identifiability
Which distribution should I use to describe this zero-enriched data?
rb-libsvm - getting confidence of a prediction
Why compare sum of squares with ANOVA (and not mean)?
Pre, Post, and Change predictors all in the same model
Pool samples which "look" too different?
How to graphically reveal data structures?
How to test for differences in binary score data?
Distribution of a normalized inverse Wishart times Gaussian
How to go about selecting an algorithm for approximate Bayesian inference
What's the probability a rabbit will return to a (certain) forest?
Correlation plots with missing values
How to normalize two time series for comparison?
Correcting sample bias
Cox proportional hazard model and interpretation of coefficients when higher case interaction is involved
Multivariate analysis and PCA
Looking for appropriate time series econometrics materials, with Stata examples
Reference on factor analysis with categorical variables
Simulating time-series given power and cross spectral densities
How to implement credible 95% interval for median odds ratio using JAGS?
What can go wrong if I include two categorical variables and intercept in linear regression?
Time intervals for modeling
How to perform 1-to-1 matching when there are more treated than control subjects?
Implementing ridge regression: Selecting an intelligent grid for $\lambda$?
How to model stocks of a warehouse time series?
Effect Size/Mean Squared Error from Linear Mixed-Model in R
Is there a standard notation for nested factors?
Variance of exponential distribution when changing units
Is it acceptable to rotate factors with PCA for binary data?
Assumptions of GAM
Can I compute a confidence level for a z-test based on the size of the samples?
Possible range of $R^2$
Language modeling: why is adding up to 1 so important?
Articles that describe formulas of how to calculate confidence intervals for the omega-squared effect size?
How to account for aggregation over subjects in meta-analysis?
Why is clutter problem intractable for large sample sizes?
Gamma distribution and Cramér-Rao bound
Assumptions of generalised linear model
Does the stepwisefit function in MATLAB handle correlation between the factors?
How to visualize two bar charts with very different scales without looking redundant
If $X \sim \mathrm{Gamma}(\alpha,1)$ and $Y \sim \mathrm{Gamma}(\beta,1)$, is $X/(X+Y) \sim \mathrm{Beta}(\alpha,\beta)$?
How to measure the number of people in a picture of a crowd?
Regression $R^2$ and correlations
Fitting all statistical distributions in R and choose best fit
Difference between superpopulation and infinite population
How to test equality of variances with circular data
Calculating entropy of a binary matrix
Relevancy of order statistics to the roll-and-keep dice mechanic?
Topic models and word co-occurrence methods
Controlling for a variable in a GEE using SPSS
Treatment of outliers in annual time series data
ARIMA and linear regression
How to cope with multicollinearity and interactions between IVs in generalized linear models?
Adjustment for missing values of the categorical variables in a data set
Difference between standard error and standard deviation
Factor scores vs. construct mean scores in regression analysis
Uncertainty and sensitivity analysis
Good summaries (reviews, books) on various applications of Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)?
The organization as a unit of analysis and sampling issue
Negative binomial -- IRR interpretation for predictors
Distinguishing statistical (global) and network (local) effects
Compute p-value in paired bootstrap
Inferring from a combination of uncertain and certain data
What test (or algorithm) should I use for the following use case?
Can I use a Z-score with skewed and non-normal data?
Most appropriate way to make a time series stationary? (i.e. remove serial correlation?)
Calculating induced covariances
Algorithm for finding the minimum in R
What PDF should be fit to a rank histogram?
Variable analysis in multiple linear regression
What if your random sample is clearly not representative?
Conditionalising increases expected information?
Effect of mediating variable independent of effect of possible covariate
Is 0 a valid value in a Likert scale?
Textbooks with problem sets to prepare for predictive analytics masters
binary logistic regression analysis (method=ENTER) model has all beta values are statistically non-significant
How to create mean score rounded to whole numbers in SPSS?
Optimal number of components in a Gaussian mixture
Motifs for prediction
How is Poisson distribution different to normal distribution?
What are my options for estimating probabilities of success/failure?
How to avoid overfitting when using crossvalidation within Genetic Algorithms
Hypergeometric card question
Estimation accuracy of precision matrix
Difference between generalized linear models & generalized linear mixed models
Estimated Treatment Effect in the full sample is not between the estimates of the stratified samples?
How to model sample change?
Estimating prediction error
Gaussian process : function approximation properties
Two unbiased estimators for the same quantity
Simulate data for path model
Is the symmetry of u function for  the robust M estimation mandatory?
How to test whether button pressing behaviour is random or is in response to a stimulus?
How do I fix this error in mice multiple imputation?
Supervised approaches vs. topic models in sentiment analysis
Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney critical values in R
How to find similarities between time series?
Computing (lagged) correlations (or similar) between multiple time-series from a VECM or its levels-VARM
How can I generate a plot similar to that produced by plot.bugs and plot.jags from an mcmc.list?
Pointers to understand "rlm" in R better?
How does the correlation coefficient differ from regression slope?
How can you handle unstable $\beta$ estimates in linear regression with high multi-collinearity without throwing out variables?
Collapsing (combining) two variables into one for analysis
How to compute the area between two graphs?
Can I use a variable which has a non-linear relationship to the dependent variable in logistic regression?
How to reduce number of items using factor analysis, internal consistency, and item response theory in conjunction?
Standard deviation in SERVQUAL
How to interpret coefficients in a vector autoregressive model?
Is it valid to apply a t-test on scores obtained by cross validation?
HMM ever better than CRF?
Interpreting definition of stable distributions
Where can I find online notes about statistical process control?
Estimating the variance of a bootstrap aggregator performance?
PCA with all categorical factors prior a regression with a continuous response
How does "rlm" in R decide its "w" weights?
Simple Multivariate Regression with Octave
Interpreting odds ratios with log-transformed continuous variables in a logistic regression
Using AIC to distinguish between models using multiple datasets
Large non-significant effect in a generalized linear mixed model
How important is using the exact method for ties in a Cox model, and how long should this take?
Sequence mining in univariate discrete data using R
Why are random effects shrunk towards 0?
Best statistical test for a particular biological experiment
How to perform regression on panel-data with timelag in SPSS / PASW?
Optimal estimation of a mean from non-independent data
How to fit a model for a time series that contains outliers
r sequence recognition for univariate data sequence mining
Trend test for two ordinal variables both containing three factors
Bootstrapping and comparing multiple proportions
PRESS statistic for ridge regression
Two-sample test of proportions
Limiting distributions identified as functions of Brownian motion or stochastic integrals
Do low $R^2$ values mean that my vector autoregressive model is bad?
How to visualize an enormous sparse contingency table?
Generating and analyzing predicted data in JAGS
Dealing with a categorical variable that can take multiple levels simultaneously
Kernel density estimation with an Epanechnikov kernel in MATLAB
Generalized estimating equations output in SPSS
When shall I include an intercept in linear regression?
Advice needed on cross-sectional time-series with two levels
Computing the fitted value for the first observation in a time series
Assesing goodness of fit of ologit model and correcting endogenity in STATA
Convergence sensitive to choice of baseline category?
Calculation of MA model in R
Interpreting a weak model proceeding from there
GEE with exchangeable working covariance  vs. assuming independence and using Huber-White standard errors?
Singularity issues in multinomial model using R
Variance of resistors in parallel
Baum-Welch training example
How to combine different feature values to build a score for ranking
Statistical hypothesis testing - how to demonstrate that power $>$ size
What is the difference between "coefficient of determination" and "mean squared error"?
Testing the significance of multiple variables in a data set
In what order should you do linear regression diagnostics?
Probability of two values being equal in a sample drawn from a continuous distribution
What is data blending?
Including missing words when applying Naive Bayes in document classification
Sampling from graphical model
How do I test for lower variability induced by systematic missings?
Dividing a uniform by a normal random variable: What's the distribution?
Performance comparison between reduction techniques
PCA vs ridge regression for multicollinearity?
Model based on many variables
Difference time series before Arima or within Arima
Gamma-normal distribution as prior
Post-hoc analysis on Friedman's test
Method to compare 2 models of different years (not by a dummy variable)
Some of my predictors are on very different scales - do I need to transform them before fitting a linear regression model?
Bradley-Terry models by using R?
Proportions of different types of nuts in bags of mixed nuts
How to interpret inconsistent Beta values in different steps of hierarchical regression analysis?
R package TSA: how to interpret the IO coefficients output of the arimax function
Variance of X/Y
Jointly stationary random process
Question about calculating mutual information
Chi^2 test for 2x2-contingency table using probabilities instead of count data
Mutual information in a mixture of independent variables
VSS criterion for the number of factors (in R's psych package)
Generation of random numbers from the multivariate normal distribution in spherical coordinates
What is the correct way to determine the amount of difference between two proportions?
Repeated measures ANOVA
What could "directional mean" be in this context?
Ridge and LASSO given a covariance structure?
Spatio-temporal version of Hammersley and Clifford theorem
Use ARIMA equation outside R
Taylor Series and Multivariate Delta Method
Next steps after performing a principal component analysis?
Central moments of a gaussian mixture density?
Comparing observed data to simulated data?
How to interpret an insignificant main effect that became significant at the presence of interaction effects in moderated regression analysis?
Resources for learning how to implement ensemble methods
How can you convert Bayesian Information Criterion parameters to a probabilistic interpretation?
Existence of the moment generating function and variance
Finding the correct data mining approach
Question on the appropriate way to calculate the CDF of a volatile measure
ARIMA model improvement
Estimation After Selection on Non-central F Random Variables
Two sample t-test vs regression
Predictive models with large numbers of missing values in the features
Variance covariance matrix for the inverse of a matrix
Normality of residuals in a regression model with a categorical IV
How to include an interaction term in GAM?
How to reconstruct database from cross-tabulated data?
Non-Correlated errors from Generalized Least Square model (GLS)
How to apply published factor analysis loadings to sample data to compute factor scores?
Performing multiple linear regressions, in Excel, that have a common x-intercept?
Auto.arima vs autobox do they differ?
Why do we need sparsity for auto-encoders?
Multiple linear regression in MATLAB
Proving the convergence of KDE algorithms when the samples are non-i.i.d 
Validity of pseudo-panel data constructed from repeated cross sectional data as a panel data
Making new variable instead of correcting for temporal autocorrelation in a GLMM. Is it a valid alternative?
How to compute the generalization error (test error) in a multivariate regression?
Dealing with project uncertainties: is the sum of the most-likely estimates equal to the sum of the expected times?
Difference between exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis in determining construct independence
How can I use the value of $R^2$ to test the linearity assumption in multiple regression analysis?
When do I need a model?
Are first passage times in a Brownian motion the same as the ARL in a CUSUM?
Mediation with no significant mediators?
One-way repeated measures ANOVA and missing data
Deviation from sampling plan
Are truncated numbers from a random number generator still 'random'?
How to interpret relatively good -2LL value & Nagelkerke $R ^2$ without any significant IVs
Regression to obtain autocorrelation measure (AR(1))
Testing threshold cointegration in vector error-correction models
Comparison between multi-level modelling and generalized estimating equation
How can I compare the effect of an pre-post intervention between two groups with multiple numeric dependent variables?
What summary statistics to use with categorical or qualitative variables?
Posterior distribution for multinomial parameter
Generalized linear models (covariates and splitting files)
Estimating the parameters of a beta distribution with zeroes and ones in the sample
Which model should I use for Cox proportional hazards with paired data?
How to calculate precision and recall when some of the test data remains unclassified
How to minimize residual sum of squares of an exponential fit?
How should I analyze data with repeated measures variables and integer between-subject factors?
PCA and random forests
Suggestions on how to merge multiple datasets with an imperfect ID across databases?
Eigen-vectors and skewness
Will logistic regression fit this situation?
How to interpret a post hoc Tukey's test?
R Formula that only uses a subset of a factor
If I'm calculating FDR or q-value for a collection of linear models, should each term be considered separately?
Non-normal and heterogeneous data with repeated measures ANOVA
Can a percentage be used to calculate the mean etc. in a t-test?
Specifying uncorrelated random effects for orthogonal polynomial codes
Independence test with some aggregation
What type of time series model would be good?
Best way to combine binary and continuous response
How does a multivariate mixed CDF look like?
How to get SSE for predictions using SAS?
Trending algorithm for performance monitoring
Calculating primary groups
Support vector machine for text classification
Random forests for multivariate regression
Estimating HMM parameters from a sequence with missing observations
On ARIMA and its implementation
Can p values be used to show impact of treatment
Generate two correlated ARMA(1,1) processes
How do I conduct model selection for logistic regression in SPSS?
Balanced repeated measures design
Why don't the results of testing $H_0 : \beta = 0$ and $H_0 : {\rm cor}(X,Y)=0$ agree? 
Do components of PCA really represent percentage of variance? Can they sum to more than 100%?
What is the state-of-the-art regarding sampling from discrete distribution?
rknn - Error: too many ties in knn
How to estimate the covariance matrix for repeated measures data given summary statistics?
Removing outliers from newspaper content analysis
Anomaly Detection Algorithm versus "just doing some statistics"
How to analyze factors that have missing by design values for certain observations?
Which statistical analysis should I use for this experiment?
Can I use a one way ANOVA with multiple categoricals as a response variable? 
GARMA models for counts
Filtering techniques and noise
Perform K-means (or its close kin) clustering with only a distance matrix, not points-by-features data
Sparsity by discarding least squares' coefficient
Examples of Lurking Variable and Influential Observation
Behrens–Fisher problem
Preprocessing of non-linear and censored variables
Collinearity problems when analyzing age-dependent variable with age-at-death as a predictor
Testing normality assumptions for linear mixed models and mixed (repeated) GLM ANOVA in SPSS
R one vs all classification example code
Using kriging with very sparse data
Advantage of kernel density estimation over parametric estimation
Interpreting logistic regression
Hyper-parameter optimization via random search
Strange definition of RSS for elastic net in scikit-learn (Python)
Increase sample size for significant correlation
How to calculate with tiny probabilities and large samples?
How to model a biased coin with time varying bias?
When are two trend estimates identical within errors?
What are R-structure G-structure in a glmm?
Adaptive stopping rule for spatially autocorrelated Poisson data
How can I get the effect associated with a $k$-unit increase in the predictor in logistic regression?
How to find 1-year population average with intermittent series data
Finding a linear relationship without linear model
What test can I use to compare slopes from two or more regression models?
What is the difference between univariate post-hoc tests after MANOVA and usual ANOVAs?
Empirical p-values in pathway analysis
How to select input values for neural networks?
Partialling out first factor from factor analysis
What are U-type statistics?
Measures of residuals heteroscedasticity
How to measure smoothness of a time series in Excel?
Fitting log-normal distribution in R vs. SciPy
Do these residual plots indicate that my least squares regression coefficient estimates may be biased? 
LDA vs. labeled LDA
Building a mixed model for multi-location split plot over 2 years in SAS
Removing an interaction term after checking for homogeneity of regression slopes
The most common extracted features for image recognition
Is there any way to fit an exponential model with a discrete predictor in R?
Gaussian Ratio Distribution: Derivatives wrt underlying $\mu$'s and $\sigma^2$s
Which independent variables are most important in predicting the response variable?
Interpreting odds ratios
CDF of conditional distribution
Testing for moderation with continuous vs. categorical moderators
Does the principle of indifference apply to the Borel-Kolmogorov paradox?
Estimation the standard error of correlated (binomial) variables
Build a covariance matrix for GAM
Proportional hazard ratio formula in R
On cophenetic correlation for dendrogram clustering
Dimension reduction techniques for very small sample sizes
Does GBM classification suffer from imbalanced class sizes?
Incremental hierarchical clustering
Data has two trends; how to extract independent trendlines?
How to deal with a mix of binary and continuous inputs in neural networks?
Aggregating all measurements per x-value in least-square fitting
Correlation coefficient contradicts t-test
Assumptions for Spearman's rho test for correlation
Multiple imputation questions for multiple regression in SPSS
Predicting response propensity in a rolling data collection
Default priors for mixtures
SVD of a matrix with missing values
Combining different accuracies
Predicting the impact of increased seminar frequency
Testing interaction b/t group & longitudinal change for only part of the age range
What's the distribution of these data?
Issues while implementing stochastic gradient descent
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test Alternatives
Is there an analytical function that approximates number of clusters?
Comparing coefficients between two linear regressions: justifying insignificant difference when the predictor is significant only in one group
How to carry out repeated time-to-event analysis in SPSS?
SAS ARIMA: estimate without identify? or auto.arima in SAS?
What is the conventional definition of recurrence-free survival?
Differences between poisson.test and E-test when testing Poisson parameters
How to define the termination condition for gradient descent?
How to statistically test whether there is any nesting effect in the data?
What happens when you apply SVD to a collaborative filtering problem? What is the difference between the two?
What do Lift and Gain Charts state in the context of an employee turnover model
Cointegration regression - how to solve sensitivity to ordering of variables
Adding 2nd level variable into Multi-level Modelling in R
Error propagation from fit parameters
How to correctly weight predicted values from a fitted linear model?
Which test to choose when the results from t-test and Wilcoxon test are different?
When is a covariance `degenerate in some direction`?
Diagonal straight lines in residuals vs fitted values plot for multiple regression
Selecting link function in GEE with binary dependent variable
How to compare the results of two benchmarks?
Understanding the intercept value in a multiple linear regression with categorical values
Bonferroni correction with Pearson's correlation and linear regression
Hybrid (K-means + Hierarchical ) clustering
Multi-factor model for a quantitative response variable
Using AIC, for model selection when both models are equally weighted, and one model has fewer parameters
How do I see if the distributions of two variables are overlapping in SPSS?
Difference between naive Bayes & multinomial naive Bayes
How can I represent R squared in matrix form?
Two-stage linear regression
Can I mix different data transformations in the same model?
Advanced statistics books recommendation
How can I test for within-subject "consistency" across repeated measures?
Standardizing a non normal dataset
Confidence intervals on plots with correlated error bars?
Market / Customer Segmentation - Merging two different segmentations
How do you interpret a changepoint graph?
How to update a dynamic language model dataset?
Are sample means for quantiles of sorted data unbiased estimators of the true means?
Estimating ratios of quantile means for sorted data
Determining sample size
Why does this excerpt say that unbiased estimation of standard deviation usually isn't relevant?
How to explain significant correlation between independent and dependent variable but non significant regression test in the presence of mediation?
Sample size determination
Interpretation of reference category in logistic regression
Problem on interpretation of data
Mixed model in R with paired design and covariates
How to calculate the interaction standard error of a linear regression model in R?
What are the possible multiple comparison methods for paired data?
Checking assumptions of regression - homogeneity of variance
MCMC to handle flat likelihood issues
Binomial test in R
Dummy coding categorical variables regression/+mediation
How to write a poker player using Bayes networks
Custom power analysis in R
Standard measure of clumpiness?
How to compute the optimal ridge regression model
Similarities and differences between regression and estimation
What are speed differences beetwen ML implementations in different languages?
Logistic regression with an log transformed variable, how to determine economic significance
Determining sample size necessary for bootstrap method / Proposed Method
What is the standard deviation of a gaussian filter?
Connection between sum of normally distributed random variables and mixture of normal distributions
What is the difference between Informative (IVM) and Relevance (RVM) vector machines
Non-parametric alternative to linear regressions in R
Can I say a logarithmic difference is "log-constant"?
Optimal software package for bayesian analysis
Pairwise comparisons in accordance with regression fit
Quantify volatility on a time series data
Ridging a singular covariance matrix (SEM)
Confidence interval for GAM model
Using minimum description length for a categorical distribution
How are absolute risks estimated by the cox model?
Unique variance with regression analysis
Is this an unbiased estimator for standard deviation of normal distribution?
Finding correlation between two distributions
95% confidence ellipse of Lenth's maximum likelihood estimation
What are the options in proportional hazard regression model when Schoenfeld residuals are not good?
When are two normally distributed random variables jointly bivariate normal?
"Studentized" bootstrap confidence interval for variance of OLS error terms
Does the Tukey HSD test correct for multiple comparisons?
Introduction to applied probability for pure mathematicians?
What is Shannon's source entropy?
Estimating the influence of different features on the outcome
Unit root tests for panel data in R
Correlation between first and third variable, given correlations with second
Centering constraints in MGCV GAM
Can I use a difference score as my outcome variable (pre-post change) in a moderated multiple regression equation?
Is it necessary to log transform positively skewed DV’s even though I am using bootstrapping?
Discriminant analysis with random effects
Comparing the means of two time series
Comparing model fit with heteroscedastic data
How to set up data for Bradley-Terry model in R?
Significant differences between regression curves 
How do I calculate a confidence interval for the mean of a log-normal data set?
Trending in a non-uniform dataset
When does Pearson's chi-squared test fail?
Independent categorical variables and multiple regression with numeric dependent variables
Running logistic regression on a sales data
Improving transformation of dependent variable and robust regression
Are support vector regression and kernel ridge regression used for the same type of problems?
Checking for a statistically significant peak
te( ) interactions and AIC model selection with GAM in R
How to choose the distribution and parameters for continuous probability density functions in naive Bayes using maximum likelihood?
Alternatives to MAP estimator
Continuous dependent variable with ordinal independent variable
ROC curve for knn model
Input parameters in Dirichlet density function
How do I complete the square with normal likelihood and normal prior?
What is the probability that the true effect is greater than z?
Repeated measurements with missing values
How to determine whether a classifier like adaboost is weak?
Should I scale data for a regression tree, when the determinant covers a large range?
How to verify linearity assumption in linear regression with categorical predictors?
Dispersion parameter in GLM output
Linear regression prediction interval
Do Bayesians ever argue there are cases in which their approach generalizes/overlaps with the frequentist approach?
Is it true that in high dimensions, data is easier to separate linearly?
Dependent variable maximum value contingent on independent variable
Deployment process for Classification models (i.e. decision trees)
Include interaction regressors separately?
How is it possible to turn out with a highly accurate prediction when all records were classified the same way?
Computation of hypergeometric function in R
Comparing and contrasting, p-values, significance levels and type I error
How to do a repeated measures analysis with binary DVs and a single binary IV?
What is the physical meaning of the probability density function and cumulative distribution function?
Which probabilites are to be supplied to rcorr.cens and improveProb in package Hmisc?
Data cleansing in regression analysis
Is the sample variance a useful measure for non-normal data?
MANOVA with repeated measures in R, error
Implementing ANCOVA via residuals
R/Bayes: Why is a wildly different prior not affecting the posterior in bayesglm{arm}?
What is the main motivation behind using linear regression to model linear data as opposed to finding the means at 2 values and inferring a line?
Where can I find datasets usefull for testing my own Machine Learning implementations?
What is the correct SD to use to get a 95% CI for skewed data?
$\chi^2$ tests to compare the fit of large samples logistic models
Fitting the tails of the distribution
Homogeneity of variance in regression
Predicting values for a Naive Bayes in R
Distribution of a centered standardized sample
Which W to report for the Wilcoxon test?
My data passed Johansen test, but they couldn't pass Phillips-Perron test. Why?
Details regarding the delete-a-group jackknife
Why does the model change when using relevel?
Pairwise Mahalanobis distance in R
Distribution from which to sample integers evenly between 1 and 1000?
Are robust methods really any better?
Normalization across columns in linear regression
Are the products of different independent random variables independent?
Statistical intuition/data sense
What mechanisms generate the emergence of particular structures in networks
Fuzzy C-means and its stages of clustering
Which test should be run on this confusion table data?
Why use logged variables?
Diagnostic plots for lmer
Find residual sum of squares
Сonfidence interval of histogram probability density function estimator
How does the standard error work?
Probability of detection and false alarm ratio are wrong in a simple example, don't know why
How to tell how extreme an outlier is?
Computing a p-value using bootstrap
SAS for regression with categorical and quantitative explanatory variables
Is there a standard process for finding linear relationships with matching?
Find probability and expectation
Non-repeated measures ANOVA of time series with different subjects per treatment in R?
Choose best model between logit, probit and nls
Smoothing constant in single exponential smoothing
Is Joel Spolsky's "Hunting of the Snark" post valid statistical content analysis?
Calculating and comparing histograms of complex numbers
Group comparison: joint model vs. separate model, contradictory result
How to control for industry effects in regression?
Combining correlated measurements - negative weights
How can I pool posterior means and credible intervals after multiple imputation?
How to quantify variation within one experiment?
Data scientist: How to begin?
Considering residuals as new dependent variables after applying a linear mixed effect model to a set of data
Schoenfeld residuals
'Fixing' PearsonFitML to fit to a Pearson V distribution
Outlier detection for heavy-tailed data
How to use glmnet without the intercept?
Computationally efficient estimation of multivariate mode
Comparing two groups: one-way ANOVA vs. regression analysis with dummy
Must there be "an effect to be mediated" in mediational analysis (i.e., must IVs & DVs be correlated)?
What am I measuring when I apply a graded response model to the "Hunting of the Snark" dataset?
Mediation analysis using binary IV and difference scores
What is the most appropriate way to test significance of effect difference across two groups?
Does the product of two p.s.d kernel matrices result in a kernel matrix?
Time Series: correcting the standard errors in a huge panel time series data set
How to measure clustering in time duration?
Show that Y/Z does not have finite expectation
Show that, for $t>1$, $P[\frac{Y}{Z}\leq t]=\frac{t-1}{t+1}$
How is interpolation related to the concept of regression?
Mean survival time for a log-normal survival function
$\chi^2$ distance and multivariate gaussian distribution
Methods to increase significance in regression
Why do Lars and Glmnet give different solutions for the Lasso problem?
Find the test statistic of $H_0:m_1=\lambda m_2$
Simulation of binomial random variables
Combining results from (GBM or any other) model based on samples from a very large database
How to interpret lower order interaction when higher order interaction is significant?
What are some distributions over the probability simplex?
Books about model selection in ecology
Joint model with interaction terms vs. separate regressions for a group comparison
What statistical test should be used when sample size is small (n = 13)
How can I show that for any $a > 0$, $\lim_{n\to \infty}P \left(\sum_{i=1}^n X_i^2\leq a\right)=0$
Overall significance test for the effect of an independent continuous variable on a categorical dependent variable
How could I extract the distribution of one RV when given a set of sums of two RVs?
How to handle news coverage ratio in a regression analysis?
Interpreting the regression output from a mixed model when interactions between categorical variables are included
Should I use the mean-squared-prediction-error from LOOCV for prediction intervals?
Drawing a realization from a random variable
Distribution of  total number of car accidents in a lifetime of the car
Survival analysis for nested, censored and dependent data
Questions about the application of PCA
Obtain the minimum variance unbiased estimators
MATLAB implementaion of kernel ridge regression
LibSVM and matlab for time series prediction
Dealing with a partially pooled intercept in a Bayesian model
$\chi^2$ test on user preferences
What could be the reason for potentially unstable bootstrap bca confidence intervals when R=10000?
Frequentist properties of p-values in relation to type I error
Test for a logistic distribution in R
Limits of correction for over dispersion with Poisson / binomial data
What to do with very low Durbin-Watson?
Weight variables to develop scoring algorithm
Do we need to report the median or the Mean when using a Kruskal-Wallis test?
Is possible use HoG features to train a Neural Network?
Measuring the moderating effect in my analysis?
Automatic keyword generation evaluation
What is the reason for differences between nbreg and glm with family(nb) in Stata
N-gram smoothing implementation in R
Variable selection with LASSO
Real-life examples of common distributions
Skewness, kurtosis and normality of a time series
What are some better ways to encode these symbols?
R vs SAS, why is SAS preferred by private companies?
Centering constraints for regression - specifically GAM
correlation statistics
Account for group age differences
Lower bound for non-parametric data, with a tolerance margin?
Forecasting a complex time series by splitting into subseries
How to define an informative prior in a varying intercepts (linear mixed) model
Average weighted to exclude a predictor variable?
Is there any gold standard for modeling irregularly spaced time series?
What area of statistics is this example?
How is the inverse gamma distribution related to $n$ and $\sigma$?
how do I compare two logistic regression models?
Can you use a spline function of the spatial coordinates to control for spatial autocorrelation?
Is Perkins et al.'s "skill score" an application of Bayes' theorem?
X and Y are not correlated, but X is significant predictor of Y in multiple regression. What does it mean?
Textbook deriving Metropolis-Hastings and Gibbs Sampling
RMSE vs MAE when dependent variable is between 0-1
Similarity of two discrete fourier tranforms?
SPSS: 2 sample t-test: real data against fictional group with M=0 and SD=1?
Calculating if population mean differs from a given value
Which tests can I use to analyze dependent likert-type data?
R oneway.test with equal and non equal variance
Is the theory of minimum variance unbiased estimation overemphasized in graduate school?
Choosing the proper statistical approach for glm
Grouping of procedure codes and diagnosis codes
Accuracy vs. simplicity as criteria to select explanatory variables
Initial values for logistic regression using maximum likelihood
Forecasting Interventions (pulse) with ARIMA Model
Most appropriate statistical test of significance when comparing two groups of awareness data
Modeling a spline over time -- design matrix and survey of approaches
Arima model giving high forecast values
Exploratory factor analysis among items with different measurements
Regression analysis with factor scores as explanatory variable
Issues with stochastic gradient descent
How to determine voter preference from a "small sample" poll using Bayesian statistics?
How to perform Prais-Winsten autoregression in SPSS 16?
Correct variance for minimum detectable difference
Get the R2 from GMM Newey-West in SAS
How to identify models as linear or non-linear?
Performing a GLS cross-sectional regression using R
Comparing multiple models using the same explanatory variables
Different parameter values when using stochastic gradient descent
How to generate nice summary table?
X and Y are not correlated, but X is significant predictor of Y in multiple regression. What does it mean?
Summarizing fixed effects variables in Stata
Can statistical significance be obtained in an underpowered study?
Using n-grams to find data that does not 'belong'
The relationship between the number of support vectors and the number of features
Sample session for analysis of conjoint data in R
How do you identify the variables that separate several groups?
How to determine significant principal components using bootstrapping or Monte Carlo approach?
Is there an optimal bandwidth for a kernel density estimator of derivatives?
Inferring multiple ratios and binomial proportions with missing data
  How to perform pooled cross-sectional time series analysis?
Modelling a binary response variable with a binary explanatory variable
How to define and model consumption bundles?
How to build a regression model with just 5 datapoints with 5 or more variables?
Group-level correlation effect
Is Ye Shiwen's 400m IM performance in Olympics "anomalous" statistically?
Compute $\mathrm{Cov}(\sum_{i=1}^NX_i,\sum_{i=1}^NY_i)$
Estimating a time frame for interventions or judging the extent to which events become "determined" as time goes on
Dense Data Compression (Delta Encoding?)
Subsample bootstrapping
dirichlet density function returning values > 1.0
Evaluating model performance without validation data
How to find a breakpoint for each ID in a linear regression model with R?
Dynamically adjusting NN architecture: inventing the unnecessary?
Can I compare correlations even though one is NOT significant?
Model selection and model performance in logistic regression
Find the mean and variance of $U_1 + U_2$
Dirichlet density with just one x value and one alpha parameter
At what VIF level should you switch from OLS to ridge-regression?
Double exponential smoothing in multivariate multilevel panel regression
Resources for developing prognostic index-scores
Concepts behind fixed/random effects models
How to build a predictive model using sound (frequency and amplitude) as the input
What are possible reasons for differences in numerical output from the same procedures performed in different statistical packages?
Can a different indexing approach improve the relevance and efficiency of search engine results?
Shouldn't the beta estimates always be the same using lm and lmer?
How to know the stochastic gradient descent is converging when the objective function is expensive to compute
Differences between Stata & SPSS in multiple regression outcomes
What test should I choose if I want to see if two groups are different from each other in many categories?
Statistical test for a gradually self-improving suggestion system
Does anyone know how this visualization was made?
How does ties.method argument of R's rank function work?
Why can't a Self Organizing Map to recognize handwriting train to acceptable error rate when number of samples is greater than output neurons?
What level of measurement is a factor score?
Confidence intervals around a centroid with modified Gower similarity
Which result to choose when Kruskal-Wallis and Mann-Whitney seem to return contradicting results?
Testing whether there is a difference between two groups who were asked the same set of questions
To aggregate and lose resolution OR not to aggregate and suffer with correlated binary data?
Whether to use original or reverse coded items in factor analysis?
Convergence of MCMC for ill-behaved functions
Confusion regarding correlation and mse
Sample size for multiple regression: How much more data do I need?
Temporal trend visualizations for regions
Watermarking data for datamining
Does a choice-based conjoint study have to be full profile?
Evaluating the variation in the power of a known periodicity
Two-sided permutation test vs. two one-sided
Estimating percentages as the dependent variable in regression
What GEE-exchangeable method can do that robust variance can't?
Differences for PROC GENMOD, COUNTREG and FMM for count data model
Mean comparisons following multiple imputation
SPSS dummy variables in OLS
Can RSD be pooled or is it valid to use the uncertainty propagation rule?
Is it possible for quartiles to have uneven groups?
Comparing continuous predictors for a dichotomous variable
Finding the fitted and predicted values for a statistical model
Average Structural Function Calculation
Sample size when one hypothesis is overwhelming
Can I put Log(Y) as a dependent variable in a count data model
Which R package for estimating a multilevel Weibull regression model?
How to calculate sensitivity, specificity, and odds ratio?
Is left-of-mean cdf of exponential distribution greater than that of a gamma distribution?
Clustering & Time Series
Joint distribution of mid p-value and p-value
Hypothesis testing using the likelihood ratio test
Forecasting with arimax model including xtransf
Elementary statistics for jurors
Estimating ability using IRT when the model parameters are known
How to plot ROC curve with TP, FP and FN alone with different thresholds?
How to interpret an interaction effect in SPSS output for a repeated measures anova with between and within group factors?
Adjusting regression coefficient for predictor error
How to specify a non MLE prior for a naiveBayes model in R?
Why is volatility an important topic in financial econometrics?
Interpreting t-value as a measure of evidence
Problem when creating matrix of values based on covariance matrix
Updating ARIMA models at frequent intervals
Aggregating information from multiple timeseries
Estimating the size of a sub-sample of a known population distribution given only the max and min values of the sub-sample
What's the appropriate way to calculate an effect size when there is an interaction?
Positive correlation and negative regressor coefficient sign
How can I calculate genetic similarities between groups?
Expected value of the log-determinant of a Wishart matrix
Chi square test on non-normal distributions
Obtaining factor scores from a factor analysis of mixed types (both ordinal and scale) variables
What are Effective Regression Techniques for Linguistic Analysis of Linked Data?
Bootstrap sampling from empirical data, is this the best way to estimate the underliyng distribution?
Why use control variables in differences-in-differences?
Compare conservation rates of a variable in two-factor experiment
A problem in probability theory
Conjugate prior for a binomial-like distribution
How to choose an error metric when evaluating a classifier?
Varied experimental conditions in repeated measure designs
2-way interaction with only one main effect in the model - is it a "real" interaction?
Given a set of data, how can I calculate the equation of the mean line that passes through the data?
Cor.test and statistical test values for spearman correlation, how to make sense of them?
How to use multiple datasets in order to measure the performance of a learning system?
Is splitting one hurdle model in two GLM/GAM models a valid approach?
Does there exist some sample size threshold for choosing between the chi-squared test and the exact binomial test?
Graphs type for likert scaled questionnaire?
How to interpret R-squared in multiple regression with more sets of dummies and continuous variables?
Lag length selection Granger causality test
On the use of the periodogram of a time series
Closed form expression for the quantiles of $\alpha_1\sin(x)+\alpha_2\cos(x)$
Error metrics to assess a stochastic model with Monte Carlo simulations
Checking whether or not a variable has impact
Test data for differences
Use regressors in an STL forecast
What model can be used when the constant variance assumption is violated?
Derivation of prediction intervals for a normally distributed population with unknown population standard deviation
"Least square root" fitting? A fitting method with multiple minima
Questions about specifying linear mixed models in R for repeated measures data with additional nesting structure
Regression books for business people
Statistical properties of a 3D field from spatial averages at different scales
How to 'intelligently' bin a collection of sorted data?
Estimating maximum predictive power in noisy data
Dealing with poor fit in an Item Response Theory model
"Central limit theorem" for weighted sum of correlated random variables
Question on sampling error
How to determine if 3-way survey winner is statistically significant?
Predicted Probabilities for Logit Models
Estimating bounds on false positives rate
Frame experiment in Repeated Measures ANOVA lens
GLM model is singular
Dirichlet processes for supervised learning?
Effect of delivery mode of questionnaire (online/hardcopy) on results
Analysing when tunes are alike: testing ordinal and categorical similarity
Random parameters with endogeneous regressors by Stata SEM or GLLAMM?
An elementary question on binomial test: why should I take a sum?
95% CI that contradict a paired samples t-test
How does the test error pattern depend on the regularizer function?
MCMC Geweke diagnostic
ets() in R returns a flat forecast for intermittent demand
hierarchical Bayesian models vs. empirical Bayes
How to I compare the growth differences between two time based datasets?
Generating random nos based on 'k' moments
Repeated measures ANOVA for patient counselling data
Whether to use r-square or adjusted r-square with a small sample size that may represent the entire population?
Re-parameterization of an asymmetric s-shaped function
R regression output - Factors vs numeric variables
Regression modelling with unequal variance
R CCH CI Univariable Analysis
Experimental design & questions on use of generalized linear models
How many data points for my new product do I need to tell if my new product performs differently to the old?
Help me plan/design a survey
How do I interpret high residuals for the reproduced correlations in factor analysis?
Lomax distributions - Kullback Leibler divergence
Correlate bivariate Brownian bridges
Log-Cauchy Random Number Generation
Q learning in a stochastic environment
Models for calculating consumer behavior at coffee shop
Pie charts vs. dot plots
Measuring error in the lag when cross-correlating data
randomForest chooses regression instead of classification
Heteroskedasticity and standard deviation
Model for circular statistics
Noise correlations depending on distance
need help understanding Dirichlet (coursera's PGM class week 7 - Bayesian prediction)
Are there methods to learn a projection method into euclidean space, given a set of pairwise distances?
Independent and serial correlation
How to calculate the variance of vectors for clustering?
Equivalent events
I'm getting "jumpy" loadings in rollapply PCA in R. Can I fix it?
Testing count variables with size as a covariate
Out-of-core data analysis options
Specifying the linear predictor, survival function and PDF of a log-normal survival distribution
Optimization of models (ANN, radial basis, etc.) in R to target predictor levels to produce a desired response
Asymptotic distribution of maximum order statistic of IID random normals
Estimating parameters using a different method?
Best statistical model/technique for assessing part data
Significant p-value and relative risk crossing 1
Comparing proportions from the same sample of patients
Binary interaction terms using lmer
Alternatives to multinomial logistic regression
Truncated Pareto estimation
How to control for market return in an (SPSS) OLS?
Robust fitting of discrete choice model in R
Stationary ARMA model as infinite AR or MA process
Alternative to Otsu for dividing data into two groups
Rank-ordered cumulative distribution estimation: where does this function come from?
Bayesian models and exchangeability
How should I determine if a person differs from typical performance?
How do you calculate the expected value of mixed lognormal distribution?
Case-mix adjustment versus risk adjustment, what are their differences in practice and objective?
What is so cool about de Finetti's representation theorem?
Expected value and variance of trace function
Using random sampling, is it better for the samples to be disjoint?
Stratified classification with random forests (or another classifier)
Plotting a heatmap based on clustering in R
Either quadratic or interaction term is significant in isolation, but neither are together
Time series modeling with dynamic regressors in SAS vs. in R
How to handle missing data in a logistic regression using SPSS?
Using ANOVA and t-tests with pre-aggregated data
Analyzing online sales where data are only produced when the sales is made
Need some help clarifying my procedure using kmeans on multiple batches of data
Estimating a sparse inverse covariance matrix with known sparsity
Summarize time series regression coefficients after giving 1 coefficient a fixed number (from a distribution)
What are some good exploratory analysis and diagnostic plots for count data?
Concepts of mixed effects in statistics and econometrics, how to cope with them?
How to measure agreement between a set of raters?
Evaluating the quality of a classifier which provides probability per class
Can the Mantel test be extended to asymmetric matrices?
Fit a distribution to a combinatorial problem
Survey Weighted Random Effects Logit Model in R
How to determine whether a data set is continuously growing?
Analyzing repeated measures ANOVA with two groups
Interpreting significant difference when additional data added
Sampling subsegments from discrete input ranges
Repeated measures ANOVA for two different groups
Mathematics base for data mining and artificial intelligence algorithms
How do I handle categorical dependent variables with low level percentages in multinomial logistic regression?
Is there any test for a null hypothesis of non-normality?
Expected first hitting time for compound Poisson process?
What is the normal approximation of the multinomial distribution?
What is the role of a categorical predictor in polynomial regression?
What are finite window effects?
Absent categorical data levels in Bootstrap samples
How to perform a basic forecasting model from pooled cross-sectional timeseries data in SPSS?
Strategies for Recovering Missing Data
Gigantic kurtosis?
Optimal regularization for non linear optimization
Exploratory factor analysis - promax & factor cross-loadings
Is there any criterion about choosing reference factor in multinomial logistic regression?
Methods for estimating the survival function
Linear regression vs analysis of variance: how to explain the difference?
Choosing the best model to predict second hand widget prices
Is a g-test appropriate for count data?
Why do you maximize specificity for circumstantial findings?
Determining a correction factor and applying it to a second set of numbers
Is there a statistically good way to split a set of data into (generally) uneven groups?
Determining a correlation factor and applying it to a second set of numbers
Is there a data decay method that decays data based on how much new data it receives?
Is there an intuitive interpretation of a negative variogram "nugget" value?
Why are the following probabilities equal to each other?
How to select joint feature representation for structural SVM with binary loss?
Getting started with R
Laplacian-Beltrami approximation based on an empirical sample
R packages (or SAS code) to produce two simultaneous Kaplan-Meier curves?
Mean(scores) vs Score(concatenation) in cross validation
MLE estimation: sensitive to data?
L1 regression estimates median whereas L2 regression estimates mean?
Difference between regression analysis and analysis of variance?
Can I get predictions from Winbugs/OpenBUGS?
Interpreting tree classification errors in Matlab
Separation of multiple overlapping normal distributions
Effect of duration of treatment on the outcome at different time points
Choosing a robust estimator to account for measurement error in dependent variable
Interpretation of simple predictions to odds ratios in logistic regression
Parametrizing the Behrens–Fisher distributions
Can I use a mixed effects model to analyze data that is tightly spatially aggregated?
Ranking randomly distributed variables based on decreasingness
Difference between panel data & mixed model
Which test to use to check if a possible confounder impacts a 0 / 1 result?
Determining smoothing parameter in HP filter for hourly data
Specifying the number of clusters in nearest neighbor clustering
Limitation on group size with non-parametric permutation tests
PhD vs MS in biostatistics
Grid search on k-fold cross validation
Repeating questions based on giving correct answers
Given count data with many zero observations, what is a reasonable amount of zero observations in the data?
What if your randomly formed groups are clearly not similar?
OLS: $E[\epsilon_{it}^T\epsilon_{it}] \not= 0$ in 1st equation biases standard errors in 2nd equation?
p-value as a distance?
How is a uniform sample generated by the computer?
On the applicability of Benjamini-Hochberg
How to calculate Mahalanobis distance in SPSS for an exploratory factor analysis?
Showing $\mathbb{E}[T_n] = \theta \mathbb{E}_1[T_n]$ is scale equivariant?
More interpretable measure of association than odds ratios for contingency tables with 0 counts
Books on designing clinical trials for psychotherapy research
Getting probabilities over 1 in positive and unlabeled learning
If you perform an ARMA on the volatility and add the squared returns as external variable, do you obtain a GARCH?
Designing and validating a Likert-type scale with odd or even response categories
Why are eigen and svd decompositions of a covariance matrix based on sparse data yielding different results?
What is currently the more accepted Agreement Between Raters Statistics or most referenced paper?
Chi-squared vs Fisher's Exact Test w/ 5x6 contingency table & some cells <5?
Simulation study: how to choose the number of iterations?
Can repeated measures ANOVA be used in this case?
Reversing PCA back to the original variables
What is the simplest statistical analysis to compare 2 groups on a simple survey?
Friedman's test for binary data - possible or not?
Using linear regression for bias correction
Can one compare the results of exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis?
Is it ok to clean up data from different conditions independently?
Could somebody explain to me what this ARIMA model output says?
What is the expectation of exponential of the product of two random variables?
Cross validation using experimental design methods?
Is it a problem to get a negative adjusted r-squared?
Are data transformations on non-normal data necessary for an exploratory factor analysis when using the principal axis factoring extraction method?
Do data transformations before factor analysis need to be consistent across different variables?
What to do with heterogeneity of variance when spread decreases with larger fitted values
When is the distribution of $(\overline{x}-\mu)/{\rm SE}(\overline{x})$ normal and when is it $t$?
Why is tf-idf used in conjunction with SVMs for classifying documents?
Detecting significant predictors out of many independent variables
Determining which stocks fall first in a stock market crash
Likelihood test for dividing a distribution into two separate distributions
Suggestions on how to visualize survey data
STL on time series with missing values for anomaly detection
Clustered standard errors in 2-period Dif-in-Dif?
Estimating parameters of an unknown PID controller
How do I find similarities between two sets of data
PCA model selection using AIC (or BIC)
Survey Weighted Regression Without FPC in R
How can you have a non-significant multiple regression model w/ significant predictors?
Hidden Markov Model segmentation of different proportions of binary data
Confidence intervals when using Bayes' theorem
Can a model of P(Y|X) be trained via stochastic gradient descent from non-i.i.d. samples of P(X) and i.i.d. samples of P(Y|X)?
What hypothesis test to use for categorical variables?  Possibly in R?
Create a custom exponential function
The statement of homoscedasticity of variance when describing the OLS model
Can logistic regression's predicted probability be interpreted as the confidence in the classification
Analysing a balanced mixed models design?
Presenting the indexation of a cross-sectional model ($i = 1,...,N$)
Dimensionally weighted distance between two points in n-dimensional space
What is a good voting system that is based on a value and number/frequency of votes?
In a neural network with N covariates, are >N hidden units useless?
Mixed repeated measures Anova
Do you perform cross validation on bootstrap samples?
What is the correct way to calculate the explained variance of each EOF as calculated from a gappy data set?
Stacking up panel data to use OLS over it
"Paired data" / "repeated measures" in 2x2 experiment
Bayesian model averaging in R
Computing the likelihood gradient on a simple directed graphical model with hidden unit
Skewness in dependent variable (OLS, Gauss Markov, non-normality)
MCMC for structured matrix
What statistical tools does a analyst (financial) require?
Factor analysis to group questions into blocks?
Test to determine significance for non normal data with different variance and unequal n?
How to calculate hyperplane for SVM?
How to present results of a Lasso using glmnet?
Handle leap seconds in time series data
Designing a Simple (a.k.a 'bad') Ranking value from several values of unknown distribution
Edge correction of Ripley's K-function for two 1D point processes?
About the usage of CATPCA
Is repeated measures ANOVA a correct method for my data?
Should I keep or remove random effects?
What is the name of the distribution whose support is (0,1) and whose pdf kernel is exp(ax) - 1?
What type of model makes sense?
How to estimate the third quartile of binned data?
Changing reference level on mixed model changes pMCMC value
Hypothesis test for difference between domain means with weighted data
Distribution of atan2 of normal r.v.'s
Overdispersion in GLMM in SPSS
Could anyone identify this book?
What test should i perform?
Which distributions on [0,1] other than the beta distribution form nice compounds with the binomial distribution?
Best way to go about correcting for multiple comparisons (or should one even) for a small dataset?
What does Theta mean?
Attempting to define linear weights for Goals scored in the English Premiership
Method to classify and recode high and low probability regions?
 Repeated measures ANOVAs instead of repeated measures MANOVA w/ small N?
Are composite variables (eg. a score) valid to perfom a SEM in AMOS?
What kinds of variables should we use the normality test for?
Determine range that contains given ratio of data points
Resources about forecasting stock returns with SVR
CART (rpart) balanced vs. unbalanced dataset
Strategies for teaching the sampling distribution
Statistical test to compare multiple treatments on the same 'individual' over time
How to interpret p-values for factors
Advice on regression modelling
Proper use of weights argument in linear mixed model [lme()]?
k-fold cross-validation strategy for large data set in statistical learning
How to decide which decision tree classifier to use?
Predictive Probabilities
Proof that moment generating functions uniquely determine probability distributions
Significance of different mean values for two processes
Is there a name for distributions induced by norms?
Validity of using the mean duration across a sample period as the trial for Student's t test or Welch's test
Dimensionality reduction on a huge binary matrix
Random effect equal to 0 in generalized linear mixed model
Sparsity-inducing regularization for stochastic matrices
Possible reason for failing to build a support vector machine
Free database of historical events in database format?
What is/are good economic indicator(s) to use for predicting whether or not someone will leave a company?
Non-significant MANOVA with significant planned contrasts
Transferring to new domain
Can we simply compare the predicted percentages of the outcome between studies?
Supervised classifier for events with missing data
Support vector machines and Granger causality
How do I compare the quasi likelihood of two multi-level generalized estimating equation models?
How to fix a coefficient in an ordinal logistic regression without proportional odds assumption in R?
How do I quantify a discrepancy which only exists in a subset of data?
Why do we take the absolute value in a hypothesis test?
Regression with averages and collinearity
Peak detection in a ucontroller using FFT
Feature selection and parameter tuning with caret for random forest
AIC & BIC number interpretation
Mahalanobis distance and percentage of the distribution represented
Exponentiated logistic regression coefficient different than odds ratio
Is a different CV arrangement the same as a validation set?
Testing for useful variables in a "net lift model"
Fewer variables have higher R-squared value in logistic regression
What are the degrees of freedom of a distribution?
Joining results from different laboratories
Construct artificial slightly overlapping data for PCA plot
How to handle online time series forecast?
Given two sets of data, what could explain similar means but different standard deviations?
Which distribution is likely to be the source of the largest value?
randomForest and variable importance bug?
What is the distribution of the rounded down average of Poisson random variables?
Problem with classifying new observations with discriminant analysis
Draw balls from a set of color balls: the probability of drawing a color seen before?
Uncertainty modeling for samples
Time series from experimental measurement
What type of statistics test do I use for the following
Avoiding matrix inversions with the multivariate Gaussian distribution?
How does Fisher LDA work?
Filter out information in Kalman Filter
Understanding the Behrens–Fisher problem
What is rank deficiency, and how to deal with it?
How to compute confidence interval in ANOVA with repeated measures?
Test effect of variable across sub-groups logistic regression
Euclidean Distance b/t unit vectors or cosine similarity where vectors are document vectors
Trying to compute Gini index on StackOverflow reputation distribution?
Covariance of a linear and quadratic form of a multivariate normal
Accuracy of classifiers with Adaboost
$ARIMA(p,d,q)+X_t$, Simulation over Forecasting period
Feature selection using mutual information in Matlab
Combining two survey samples
Part correlation and R squared
Calculating prediction intervals when using cross validation
Concept of iterations in Adaboost
How to show that method X is more reliable than method Y?
What to report and how to report Cox-regression survival analysis in a research paper
Cox-regression model: question about acceptability, meaning, & reporting
Manifold regularization using laplacian graph in SVM
Finding ways to bid for items, which has a normal distributed price
Meaning of "standard deviation units" in a test for statistical significance (basic)
Joint distribution of dependent exponential variables
How to compare observed vs. expected events?
Matlab TreeBagger Cost argument not working as it works with similar function fitensemble
What's the difference between variance and standard deviation?
How to compare two time series?
Assessing normality of distribution
Modelling dependency between random variables
Appropriate clustering techniques for temporal data?
Calculate standard errors: interaction between 2 factors, one of which has 3 levels in a regression model
Real values in Multinomial Naive Bayes classifier
Marginal parameter estimation in copula with copula (dependence) parameter known
Is the following a valid MCMC sampler?
How to justify the use of categorical variables as continuous variables in logistic regression?
Relative scoring system without much effect from outliers
How to cluster multidimensional (parametric) distributions?
Calculating the Fisher Information of bivariate normal
Sample size that will give statistically significant results
What are good values to assume for correlation and sphericity when estimating sample size for a within-subjects design
How do I know what the slope of the line is by being provided Theta(1) (aka ø(1)) ? (Cost function and linear regression)
R software implementation of combining mixed treatment comparisons and meta-regression
How to handle sets with less than $k$ elements when using a single hash function to minhash?
Non-significant group effect, but LSD post hoc is significant. Why?
How do I identify this simultaneous equations model?
Control for previous day values when doing across day analysis with generalized estimating equations?
Combination of variational methods and empirical Bayes
Why is it valid to account for k-1 intercepts w/ only 1 random intercept parameter?
Dimensionality reduction (SVD or PCA) on a large, sparse matrix
What terms should I include in a linear regression model?
How to perform RMSE analysis in SPSS?
Hyperprior distributions for the parameters (scale matrix and degrees of freedom) of a wishart prior to an inverse covariance matrix
What are the connections between: the normal, the $\chi^2$ & the F distributions?
Optimal matching distances as percentages?
Why bother with low rank approximations?
Clarification in definition of Holt-Winters algorithm
Comparing tournament results to chance
Removing extraneous points near the centre of a QQ-plot
How to perform discriminant analysis in R software?
Applications of conditional covariance matrices
Good model vs. AIC
How to interpret a random intercept?
How to test for and remedy multicollinearity in optimal scaling/ordinal regression with categorical IVs
How to test outliers, normality, homoscedasticity?
Probability of several simultaneous events in Markov chains
How to correlate graph properties with vertex attributes?
Common weak learners for Adaboost
Variable Selection One by One vs Simultaneously
adk.test: sample size
Deriving Negentropy. Getting stuck
Machine learning techniques for parsing strings?
What do you call the left hand side variables in a regression/classification?
Is bootstrapping a valid method to assess the uncertainty of the median estimate?
Log-Ratio \ Compositional analysis
How to account for different degrees of familial relatedness (eg, twins) in a linear mixed model? Is heteroscedasticity a problem?
KS, AD and loglike results
What test should be used for detecting team imbalances in a game?
Inference from conditional observations
SVM, Overfitting, curse of dimensionality
Trying to Calculate Basic Lunar Probabilities
Layperson's guide to valid polling via Internet?
"Since $x$ is near-gaussian, its PDF can be written as..."
Interactions with R? ANCOVA in R? I want to see if certain variables affect a dependent variable in R using repeated-measures
Estimating the spectral density
Minimal state vector for a Kalman filter
Doubly robust estimation of causal effects implementation
How to standardize an array if standard deviation is zero?
Hidden Markov models and anomaly detection
Interpretation of log transformed negatively skewed dependent variable
Problems estimating anisotropy parameters for a spatial model
What is the relationship between independent component analysis and factor analysis?
rpart and the printcp function
Initialize ARIMA simulations with different time-series
Citation for permutation test
Technique to remove factor structure from panel data
Probit analysis using 13 cases and checking normal distribution
Recommendations for MRI classification in R of large dataset (n=100, p=20000)
How do I model monthly count data (the number of lumbar fusion surgeries)?
Combining a linear Kalman Filter with additional linear constraints?
Chi-squared test for nonlinear regression
How to determine whether data is slightly or extremely non-normally distributed?
Confirming the detailed calcs for NPS Margin of error
Why applying model selection using AIC gives me non-significant p-values for the variables
Can I use optimally scaled variables for a factor analysis to account for rotation? If I can then how?
Is it possible to build a more "controllable" decision tree like below?
p(x) in an anomaly detection system gives values greater 1
Interpolation of missing values using results produced by arima
Is it allowed to average annual frequencies to make a time series regular?
Measuring effects of categorical factors on binomial outcome with many groups
Exclusive categories and multiple regression
How to compare two related ordinal variables?
How is the intercept calculated in a generalized linear model and why is it different from a linear model?
What is the correct sample size when calculating CI for a subset of results?
Error on weighted mean
(hierarchical) cluster analysis with non-standard distance
What test will tell me a normalized percentage of the data?
How to add a random perturbation term to the response variable, with transformation in R?
Difference between pairwise ANOVA and pairwise t-test?
Appropriate significance test for peak level in a time series
How do I estimate a repeated measures ANCOVA in R and SPSS?
What questions is your data team hoping to answer?
Validating principal component analysis
Mixed model vs. Pooling Standard Errors for Multi-site Studies - Why is a Mixed Model So Much More Efficient?
Genetic algorithms, genetic programming or machine learning algorithms for solving this problem
How to tell if the difference between two SD's is significant?
Validation of logistic regression - goodness of fit (pearson)
CART with rpart and a 12 level factor
Relationship between regularized least squares and MLE
How can I test for significance of a treatment in an unbalanced, repeated-measures experiment using R?
Use likelihood-ratio test to select models in case of nested models
Confidence interval of multi-step calibration
Comparing P value from t test vs. Mann-Whitney test
Space-scale plots in R
Multiple regression with nonlinear relationships between some IVs and the DV
Probability of an event occuring
Nested logistic regression in R
Which test should I report, ANOVA or Mann-Whitney?
Model some logarithmic looking data in R
Distance invariant approaches to find the "main" difference between two distributions in R$^n$
What is the maximum value in a finite selection of a normally distributed variable?
How do I estimate a differences in differences model when the dependent variable has many zeros?
Is there a multiple-sample version or alternative to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test?
detecting plagiarism on multiple-choice test
Repeated measures ANOVA within and between factors
Split plot design with repeated measures in package (nlme) - model errors
Representation within a RKHS framework
Significance test for large sample sizes
Is multicollinearity implicit in categorical variables?
About Identification in a 3 equation SEM
How to set up a non-linear mixed effects model with random effects in R using nlme?
Distributions on the simplex with correlated components
Conditional Maximum Likelihood Estimation for ARMA(p,q)
Time series forecasting using autoregressive and linear terms in R
RTextTools for coded sentences
Do I need P value Adjustment for 100 pairwise comparisons?
Should you use normalized or non-normalized data to develope your model?
Data fitting with repeated measurements
What significance level is required with a small data set?
Can a contingency table be used to model probabilities?
Why does including latitude and longitude in a GAM account for spatial autocorrelation?
Information gain and information gain ratio: Do I have to pick just one?
Presenting the error term in a quantile regression specification
matlab gmdistribution.fit 'Regularize' - what regularization method?
When has a Bayesian approach been critical to addressing a theory, hypothesis or problem?
Need normal distribution for kappa Fleiss and ICC (2, 1)?
Latent variables, overparameterization and MCMC convergence in bayesian models
Calculating $\tan 2\theta$ in terms of correlation coefficients and variances
How important is $R^2$ when prediction is not the research aim?
A good Machine Learning Book
Estimating misclassification rate from summary classification values
Hypothesis testing: am I interpreting the results from the OLS regression correctly?
Interpretation of plotted component smooth functions of generalized additive model - transformed variables
Recommend an enjoyable / introductory book on Statistics
Does the probability of multiple independent events follow a normal distribution?
On Elo++ updating rule
Measurement error in dependent variable
Imputation of missing values for PCA
Cross validation accuracy is the same as the fraction of negative labels - what does it mean?
How do I rank variables collected by a Likert scale questionnaire?
Algorithim to determine if point is "too far from the average"
Good books on text mining?
How to quantify moderation effect in an intervention study with multiple time points?
Is it statistically correct and safe to calculate Kappa 2 test means of combinations of 2 against the value of a Fleiss' Kappa?
How to convert multiple ranking scores into a probability distribution?
Linear regression with repeated measures in R
Normalization vs. scaling
Inferring transition matrices in continuous time Markov processes
What to do when every SVM returns "not a member"?
Validating data set using standard deviation
How to read the the goodness of fit on nls of R?
GAM cross-validation to test prediction error
Is there an alternative to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for tied data with correction?
Binomial / multinomial logistic regression or chi-squared
Detecting outstanding events
Why do I need bag composition to calculate OOB error of combined random forest model?
Why do I get 100% error rate in unsupervised random forest, and how do unsupervised patterns work in "randomForest" R package
How do you treat 'don't know' answers for a composite likert scale?
How to correct for correlation at baseline between predictor and "DV"?
What is better for time series prediction: AR or ARIMA?
How to bootstrap the best fit distribution to a sample?
Test to determine if one strategy has better results in a game than another?
Are $\sigma_{70\%} = cte * \sigma /\sqrt{N}$, & $\sigma_{\bar x_{70\%}} = cte * \sigma /\sqrt{N}$ valid with non-normal distributions?
Can I assume (log-)normality for this sample?
Semi-parametric approach: nonparametric test of residuals from linear mixed model
How to prove that the radial basis function is a kernel?
Looking for pointers on how/if to model a "low t and high n" longitudinal data set to evaluate outcome-predictors
Significant factor in 2-way repeated ANOVA becomes not significant in 3-way repeated ANOVA?
What analysis to use with two groups, a pre- and post-test, and three outcomes?
Optimal scaling level for variables categorized from continuous data
How are eigenvectors and principal components related?
Two continuous distributions with same 1% & 5% quantiles however  distributions are notably different in shape, location etc?
How to calculate the prediction interval from two independent forecasts of time series?
Applicability of chi-square test if many cells have frequencies less than 5
Simple approximation of Poisson cumulative distribution in long tail?
GAM sample size
Utilize and weight additional survey data
Polynomial in linear regression
How can I determine a relation, given the raw data for three variables?
Correcting for normally distributed clock inprecision
Density estimation with scaled sinc-like kernels
Determining which theoretical prediction is more in line with actual data
Contribution of each covariate to a single prediction in a logistic regression model
Different results of Engle's Lagrange multiplier test for conditional heteroscedasticity from SAS and FinTS
Computation of variance based on the conditional variance
Transforming the data before the use of a maximum likelihood estimation
K successes in Bernoulli trials, or George Lucas movie experiment
What are the rules / guidelines for downsampling?
Naive Bayes fails with a perfect predictor
Fitting an HLM model in lme4
Comparing Hierarchical Linear Model with non-HLM techniques
Constructing a model from multiple non-independent and unreliable predictors?
Feature selection for SVM and Maximum Entropy
General rules for choosing machine-learning algorithm?
How to draw a Hasse diagram of a large number of pairwise comparisons?
How to avoid multicolinearity in SVM input data?
Should I start with correlations first before doing any testing?
Box-Cox like transformation for independent variables?
Split-split-split plot cross-over design... is this even possible?
Improvement of regression model
In an election, how can we tell the certainty that a candidate will be the winner?
Are discrimination parameters in two-parameter IRT models only specific to items?
Group items to perform correlations?
Spotting anomalies in time series
Bayes decision boundary of Figure 2.5 in Elements of Statistical Learning
Robust correlation in R?
What is the estimation bias of the top estimate in a list sorted by value?
R obtaining a VAR forecast when some variable outcomes are already known
Desirability approach to multiple optimization: drawbacks and alternatives
joint probability of two hypergeometric trial sets
Why does adding a covariate of  age cause variance of random slope (log time) to increase?
Can survival analysis be used to predict earthquakes?
In a hidden Markov model, how do all observations and one state give you all states?
To exclude a main effect that is not of interest in ANCOVA, or not?
Different random effects in nlme and nlmer
Reasoning about an arbitrary transformation function based on observed data
Measurement error in dependent variable?
Finding "weak ties" in network data
If the image of $\omega$ under $X$ is always the same number, can $X$ be a random variable?
Cental limit theorem for average of iid variables
Comparing coefficients in logistic regression
How to analyse periodic time series volatility?
Choice of neural net hidden activation function
Comparing means - 2 repeated measures variables, controlling for covariate with heterogeneous slope
Bayes factors with improper priors
How do I get a group of people to collectively rank a set of objects?
Controlling False Discovery Rate in Stages
How to determine a user's favorite content producer from individual ratings?
Confidence interval: "$v_2$ is at most $x$ larger than $v_1$, with a confidence of $95\%$"
How to determine statistically whether an effect saturates?
What are the problems with small sample size based predictions when using time-series data?
Equivalent of Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for integer data?
Cumulative distribution of Binomial Random variable
Probability distribution for transformation of a random variable
Explain regression to 7 years old
How to properly analyze: 4-way ANOVA?
How does regression analysis help one understand how the typical value of the dependent variable change?
How do I model time to an event with online data?
Simple price indices question
Using glmer to replicate result from lmer for mulitlevel modelling in R
Data reduction of 3D points
Maximum File Size that R can read
How to determine if one fit is significantly better than a slightly different fit?
Mixed linear model with repeated measures in SPSS
Composition of probability density
A strange pattern of cross-validation results
Measurement error as additive or subtractive?
Show that all the characteristic roots of a dispersion matrix of a random variable are non-negative
Which stocks fell first after some event?
Interpreting multiple correspondence analysis
Wald vs. LR $\chi^2$ tests in SPSS generalized linear models
Forecasting rain from weather conditions
Perl advantages in data management/statistical analysis?
Question related to binomial distribution
Weka: how do I score an arff file using a NaiveBayes model?
Why is statistics useful when many things that matter are one shot things?
Include Type B in effective degrees of freedom for expanded uncertainty?
finding significant pairs in co-occurrence matrix
Solving a simple integral equation by random sampling
How do I test a nonlinear association?
Test whether (x,y) of one set of data points is significantly greater than the (x,y) of another set of data points
How can I calculate covariance of quasi-Poisson-distributed variables in R?
How to determine if two sequences are significantly different?
Test if course marks are better this semester compared to last semester
PROC NLMIXED and PROC LIFEREG not arriving at the same answer for Log-normal survival function
How to model a linear regression based on time?
Estimating how quickly people submit their answers
How to quantitatively analyse a semi-structured interview?
How to do one-class text classification?
Logistic regression: the standard deviation used in: GLMPOWER
Performing a Sobel test with huge discrepancies between unstandardized coefficients?
Confused about confidence interval
Why we solve the dual problem in SVM?
New to R: computing the correlation of the residuals with the fitted values of a data set
Fitting parameters of a function
Simulation of logistic regression power analysis - designed experiments
Effect of log transform on Pearson correlation
How should I interpret Fleiss' kappa when it equals NaN?
Fitting a dataset into another dataset
Performing a two tailed test given a contingency table
SAS PROC LOGISTIC: Hosmer and Lemeshow test is good but Gini is bad?
Stats 101 basic hypothesis testing questions
Uncorrelatedness implies independence under some condition?
Proving a non-stopping time
Propensity score matching after multiple imputation
Taleb and the Black Swan
CDF in a discrete simulation (Jerry banks book)
How do I do multiscale HMM classification?
Statistical modelling
Rebalancing discrete probability distribution
Calculating the percentage change of 2 values
Is sampling relevant in the time of 'big data'?
Modelling market mode (trending vs about to reverse)
Hypothesis testing based on 5 samples
Is there any way to know if my clusters are meaningful or meaningless?
How to interpret regression coefficients when response was transformed by the 4th root?
Strategy to set the GBM parameters
Can these data be aggregated into a proportion for a binomial glm?
What are the odds of three people having consecutive birthdays?
Continuously depending a binary random variable
Overall prediction using correlated variables
Clarify difference between first order and second order Monte Carlo simulation
Variable frequency redistribution
What is the distance between a finite Gaussian mixture and a Gaussian?
Where did the term "learn a model" come from
Convergence of distribution
Prediction in Cox regression
Methods of "Two-Way" Multidimensional Scaling (MDS)?
R package for feature set algorithm selection
Two Sample Proportion Test - Finite Population
Difference in Differences: id switches between treatment and control group
Why does the Cauchy distribution have no mean?
A question about notation of Bayes' Theorem
How to test the hypothesis of dependency between price and demand
How to deal with missing values in PCA?
How to show order statistic is sufficient
How to determine which variables are dependent or independent?
Determine if a person differs from typical performance
Calculating R-squared (coefficient of determination) with centered vs. un-centered sums of squares
What error is it to assume a test causes a response when it in fact only correlates with another test that causes a response?
Guidelines on assessing how data is gathered
Is a heat-map of gene expression more informative if Z-scores are used instead of actual expression measurement values?
Document image analysis and retrieval with online incremental clustering
Implication / Interpretation of long term equilibrium VECM
Weak Convergence
Is this method of resampling time-series known in the literature? Does it have a name?
Construction of Dirichlet distribution with Gamma distribution
Which test to use to check for better ratio for matched participants?
Comparing structural equation models with multivariate non-normality
Estimating Markov transition probabilities from sequence data
Predicting the difference between two groups in R
Measures of internal consistency of survey items
How to estimate an upperbound for logistic regression by only 5 to 7 data points?
How can I change the scores to make interaction effect in two way ANOVA significant?
Calculating Log Prob. of Dirichlet distribution in High Dimensions
Where does $\sqrt{n}$ come from in central limit theorem (CLT)?
Improving accuracy of total variance through variance components?
How to get unbiased estimate for error variance in ordinary linear model
Confidence interval about a multivariate normal probability
Frequentist performance of sequential testing based on predictive power
An unbiased estimate of the median
Philosophy of sampling for experiments: finite versus infinite
How to compute distances within & between clusters, if clusters contain sequences?
Linear Regression and Spatial-Autocorrelation
Three level mixed-effects (crossed and nested) model in stata
Almost sure convergence
Converting similarity matrix to (euclidean) distance matrix
How can I fit the parametres of t-distribution if I know the number of degrees of freedom in R?
How to conduct Johanson's cointegration test with variables stationary at I(0)?
Basic Probability
Does the optimal number of trees in a random forest depend on the number of predictors?
Converting PDF to text format
Calculate probability for LibLinear classification results
Inner loop overfitting in nested cross-validation
Understand how to test a Logit model on new data
Random Forest: what if I know a variable is important
Why does $\overline{y} = \hat \beta_{0} + \hat \beta_{1} \overline{x}$ in simple linear regression?
How can the robustness of observational studies be increased?
Weighted Distributions in Predictive Model
Jonckheere-Terpstra interpretation
How can I learn about fitting nonlinear and nonadditive models?
Show that a comparison of the two way drugs can be made by means of the statistic $(b-c)^2/{b+c}$
Visualising plausible values in multiple imputation
Do you include a reference category for a series of dummy variables in a probit regression?
Practical data collection tips for performing a network meta analysis (mixed treatment comparisons)
Explanation of confidence interval in example in Gelman and Hill
Would a split-plot ANOVA be appropriate to look for order effects in my data?
Is principal component regression (PCR) using principal component scores for regression?
How to predict or extend regression lines in ggplot2?
Testing graded response model thresholds for significance?
What tests do I use to confirm that residuals are normally distributed?
Is the Anderson-Darling test or Shapiro-Wilk test more powerful?
I have a very fuzzy data set, what can I do to 'smooth' it?
Inaccurate R prediction
Should I interpret based on descriptive or inferential statistics in the present case?
Convergence problem
What is the ANOVA model to use for a 2x2 factorial experiment with units measured 3 times each?
Web World Wide Data Mining
Stepwise Regression Models in JMP
Is it valid to use only some of the components as regressors from a PCA?
Simulate/Predict soccer standings after X rounds, based on current results/standing
Finding most informative feature subsets given dataset, clustering algorithm and gold standard partition
How to get 1, 3 and 5 year KM survival for large database using SPSS?
Factor scale as a dependent variable in repeated measures ANOVA
How to get started with neural networks
What is the advantage of reducing dimensionality of predictors for the purposes of regression?
Definition and Convergence of Iteratively Reweighted Least Squares
How to test a difference in proportions for significance when the underlying distributions are not normal?
Mean centering for PCA in a 2D array...across rows or cols?
Predictive model & standardized variables
Small and unequal sample sizes
Getting rid of spikes in sample data
Model broken stick model in R where one line has a constant gradient?
How is this equation read?
Trouble minimizing perplexity in LDA
Should two equal pseudo-random numbers in a sample count as a "run down" or a "run up" in a runs test?
Getting rid of sparks in sample data
Rule of thumb reliability of scales for using manifest variables in path analysis?
How to report Cronbach's alpha for referent-shift scale (before or after aggregation?)
How to combine annual rainfall data with specific forecast of known accuracy to predict weather for a particular day?
A simple classical statistics problem that I have trouble with
Comparing overdispersion distributions
Chi-squared and repeated measures
Why is pruning not needed for random forest trees?
Regression model with categorical values
Why do regression coefficients change when excluding variables?
Why is correlation obtained from nlme different from Pearson correlation?
How do I find peaks in a dataset?
How to compare yearly categorical data? 
lmPerm p-values and multiple testing
How can I calculate a confidence interval for the percentage change between two means?
What is the equivalent of a standard deviation when considering a least squares fit line?
Thresholds for detection of significant change from baseline in time-series data
What factor extraction method should be used in the FA with optimally scaled variables?
randomForest vs. cforest; Can I get partial dependence plots and percent variance explained in package party?
Deriving PDF in AutoRegressive Model
What does a chi-square test mean when no p-value is returned?
Question about homoscedasticity test
Geometric intuition for why an outer product of two vectors makes a correlation matrix?
R vs. SPSS Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Continuous-by-continuous interaction using simple slopes when I have nuisance variables in my model
While making conclusions about the difference between the 3 groups this case, what conclusion can be feasible?
What are the Assumptions required in Regression Models, Ordinary Least Square, and Multiple Regression Models?
Can lmer() use splines as random effects?
Longitudinal design - repeated measures, non-parametric, non-balanced design
How to run a two-way ANOVA with a random variable followed by pairwise comparisons?
Post-hoc analysis for Logrank test
Difference in proportions but one of them is 0
Simple regression proof using general formula
Optimization problem
Random forest computing time in R
Modeling nearest event through multivariate random variable with condition
GBM relative influence
About regressing some variables along with some factors on a DV after a factor analysis
Check memoryless property of a Markov chain
When will a Kalman filter give better results than a simple moving average?
Why is the amount of variance explained by my 1st PC so close to the average pairwise correlation?
When is appropriate to run a factor analysis at items level vs. scale level in a questionnaire?
Evaluating clusters of first-order Markov chains
Modified Poisson binomial distribution
Joint distribution of column sums when row sums are fixed
What properties of a text makes it a spam/bad question?
What is the canonical example which show advantage of robust linear regression over LS linear regression?
Adding training examples to Bayesian classifier reduces accuracy
Weighted geometric mean vs weighted mean
Present value model of a stock exchange: how to deal with zero dividends?
Natural interpretation for LDA hyperparameters
Likelihood vs conditional distribution for Bayesian analysis
How to calculate percent variation
Calculating precision and recall in R
Estimation/identification simple problem
Interpretation of results in non-inferiority study
Formal definition of random assignment
How to simulate from a Gaussian copula?
Sampling an interpolated model with MCMC
Number of tests for rare events and multiple comparisons problem?
learning R-understanding calculations for specific variable
Random generation of ARMA(2,2) Gaussian time series
How to avoid the problem of two-way causality?
Predicting user selections based on similar user
Can the covariance matrix in Mahalanobis distance definition be zero?
Smoothing a 2-by-2 contingency table
Advice for a sparse high-dimensional regression strategy
Simulation of forecasted values in ARIMA (0,1,1)
Comparing two opposite ranked sets of data
The relationship between the gamma distribution and the normal distribution
Open source Java library for statistics at the level offered by a graduate statistics course
Effects of multiple within-subjects factors when not all combinations of levels are available
Identify different periods of variance in a time series
Is there any free software for Oden's Ipop?
Horseshoe distribution
Software for advanced visualization
PCA on independent but non-identically distributed multinormal data
Can unsupervised evaluation measures for clustering replace a supervised evaluation measure?
Probability that the probability for a binomial distribution is below a certain value
Whether to use correlation matrix between latent variables or raw data as input to SEM?
How to calculate sum of squared errors (SSE or SSR) with Stata 12 software?
Clustering based on interactions between members of two groups
Find all correlations between two sets of variables
Individual patient data meta-analysis with SD's as outcome measure
How to use R gbm with distribution = "adaboost"?
Lognormal Standard Error
When can I leave counterbalancing factors (between participants) in an ANOVA out of a write up?
Learning from small number of sources
With simple random sampling, how to approximate variance of R=avg(Y)/avg(X)?
Using the Fisher's sign test to select the better of two classifiers
Normalization of categorical factor variables
Parameter estimation for linear system with correlated noise
Building a time series that includes multiple observations for each date
Is the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test the correct test for these frequency data?
Getting started with analysis of residuals in linear regression
How to statistically describe chain-like patterns in bivariate data?
Problems with Groups in Traminer
Estimate the proportion and variance in a simple binomial cluster design
Contradiction between significant effect in multiple regression, but non-significant t-test on its own
Is it okay to convert PCA scores to absolute value?
Frequency/harmonic analysis of accents
How to calculate weighted Hedges' g effect size in meta-analysis when some effect sizes share a control group?
Investigating the change in a proportion/ratio
R-code question: model selection based on individual significance in regression?
Equivalent of a boxplot for normally distributed data?
Lognormal distribution from world bank quintiles PPP data
Repeated measures ANOVA, unbalanced and missing values in R
What is the correct test to check whether a observable has changed after modifying a condition?
How do I generate numbers according to a Soliton distribution?
Goodness of fit for stock prices
Simulating a price series using GARCH
Supervised clustering or classification?
Examples of processes that are not Poisson?
In calculating the F-measure with precision and recall, why is the harmonic mean used?
Finding events related to a specific feature in a noisy dataset
Calculating weight as 1/(stnd error) for weighted regression if stnd error = 0
Framework for Symbolic Classification
Parameters without defined priors in Stan
How can I calculate the confidence interval for the mean of sample proportions?
How to compensate for small errors that could greatly distort observed ratios?
How can we get different mean and median values for residuals when working with the same dataset?
How to prove there is no finite-dimensional feature space for Gaussian RBF kernel?
When to use non-parametric regression?
What does this formula (to derive the annualized volatility for the VaR) mean?
The biggest difference between medical statistics and biological statistics
Descriptive statistics for non normal data
Visualization of binned frequency distribution in R
Harmonic mean with zero value
How to compare whether models built using two different outcomes are significantly different
Why is there no analytic solution for logistic regression?
Learning Algorithms/Neural networks books?
How do I estimate a factorial design with empty factors?
What is the minimum recommended number of groups for a random effects factor?
Help with designing the analysis of a radio telemetry study
Does it make sense to apply a chi-squared test on a contingency table when the whole population has been surveyed?
Confusion related to hidden Markov model
Maximising the correlation between vectors vs minimising the angle between them
Scaling mixed models for PCA using dudi.mix
How to understand / visualize the error surface in online learning algorithms
AIC for non-nested models: normalizing constant
libsvm "reaching max number of iterations" warning and cross-validation
Transformation optimizing stationarity of the residual of a regression
Dose response and lethal dose 50 analysis
Relation between reduced chi square and Akaike criterion
How to combine the responses of two sensors?
Use of the Gamma parameter with support vector machines
Understanding regression results when data are subsetted
EM algorithm - the values of likelihood and complete likelihood for different starting values
Sufficiency in Lehmann Scheffe
Synthetic Model Object
Logistic regression: fixed effects for firms, countries & years
Fiducial distribution and sequential monte-carlo algorithm
Effect of varying outcome duration in longitudinal studies
Logistic regression with repeated measures?
How do I reject or fail to reject the null hypothesis that p1 = p2 = p3 = p4?
How do I correctly analyze my live, dead, missing individuals between sites?
Claiming validity of a study's negative finding
How to do estimation, when only summary statistics are available?
Why does a finite, irreducible and aperiodic Markov chain with a doubly-stochastic matrix P have a uniform limiting distribution?
When someone says residual deviance/df should ~ 1 for a Poisson model, how approximate is approximate?
How do I estimate and interpret a forecast made by Minitab?
Using z-standardization to account for covariate
When simulating a bivariate normal distribution, why is $\rho$ chosen instead of estimated from the data?
Singular covariance matrix in Mahalanobis distance in Matlab
Wilcoxon signed rank statistic
Change detection in circular data
Measuring representativeness of a sample
How to use triple exponential smoothing to forecast in Excel
Can you compare Cramer's V and Spearman's $\rho$ values?
K-means Mahalanobis vs Euclidean distance
How likely are various outcomes in a lottery with multiple prizes
Framing the negative binomial distribution for DNA sequencing
Null distribution on synthetic data
Is ANCOVA proper for my experiment?
T test and P value
Iterative proportional fitting and independent variables
Strange behavior of predictive model gain curve
Random assignment: why bother?
Error distribution for linear and logistic regression
Is it possible to have xerror increased in a tree using rpart?
Does lm() use partial correlation - R Squared Change?
How to interpret the odds ratio in a logistic regression with proportion as a response variable
Why is random assignment important in stratified sampling?
ROC curve for discrete classifiers like SVM: Why do we still call it a "curve"?, Isn't it just a "point"?
Calculating necessary sample size using bootstrap
Understanding the output of lme
Why do Anova( ) and drop1( ) provided different answers for GLMMs?
Binary classifier probability measure?
Probability of discrete events
How could a t-test be used for comparing two ML algorithms?
Poisson is to exponential as Gamma-Poisson is to what?
Difference between kappa and delta in mixed-effects model
Regarding Transition Probability Matrix
Is a vector of normal random variables ever -not- multivariate normal
How do you get lmFuncs functions of the rfe function in caret to do a logistic regression?
Decomposition of the sum of two random variables
Minimal number of points for a linear regression
Deriving expected value of the size of a set
Does learning rate have additional meaning in logistic regression?
How do item loadings in PCA / FA relate to the true factors in an instrument?
Confidence and prediction intervals of linear regression model
Two negative beta's in a curvilinear regression when mean centered or using standardized values
What does $E_yT_y$ mean?
When subject-based analysis is better than answer-based (and vice versa)?
Difference between different methods of outlier determination?
Conservativeness of tests based on a discrete random variables
Using coefficient of variation as the DV in OLS regression
Is there a simple way of detecting outliers?
Pearson r Interpretation
Probability of visiting all other states before return
Computing limiting transition probabilities with absorbing states
When is regressing out factors serially, equivalent to a simultaneous model?
Comparing predictive validity of separate IVs on single DV
Repeated measures: aggregate, fixed effects, or random effects?
Making sense of a factor analysis application
Rules of Thumb to choose an initial number of class intervals and refine that choice (potentially automatically)
Can within- and between-subjects data ever differ systematically?
Analyse within-subjects data where participants get exposed to some but not all treatments
Comparing incidence rates
Are there non-uniform random generator directly requiring random seeds?
Pseudorandom number generator and pseudo-random number sampling
shorth function in R and microarray analysis
Do correlated and/or derived fields require special consideration when using Random Forest?
Interpreting a confidence interval.
Time series Modelling - Forecasting for weekly incidents
In R, how can I transform to normalize residuals when I have a U-shaped Q-Q plot?
How to determine which variables are statistically significant in multiple regression?
What is the relationship between 10-fold CV RMSE and test set RMSE score?
How to reduce the number of feature levels without losing information?
Why is the error "estimated adjustment 'a' is NA" generated from R boot package when calculating confidence intervals using the bca method?
Re-parametrizing Gaussian distribution
How many factors to retain in EFA (Exploratory Factor Analysis)?
Testing difference of means between two samples, without distribution
What processes could generate Laplace-distributed (double exponential) data or parameters?
Prediction with Bayesian networks in R
Cross validation as a measure of SVM generalizability
Post hoc test of adjusted means (after ANCOVA)
Clinical trial question Confidence Interval
Probability model question
Simultaneous heteroscedasticity and heavy tails in a regression model
What are easy to interpret, goodness of fit measures for linear mixed effects models?
Are Bayesian approches used for classification (supervised) or for clustering (unsupervised)?
What is the most appropriate test for this situation?
Introductory reading on Copulas
How to design and implement an asymmetric loss function for regression?
Acquire formula from experimental values
Uncovering class labels based on conditional or prior class probability
Should neural net training data reflect the "proportions" to be expected in real data
Power analysis with weighted survey data
What to look for in a pocket calculator for a Graduate level statistics course midterm / final
Why are the residuals in this model so linearly skewed?
Good clustering Java library
Rule of thumb - number of predictors - Poisson regression rates
Find out how unlikely Y is than X -- when X is 50% more likely to cure cancer than Y
Advantages of doing "double lasso" or performing lasso twice?
Creating a correlated prior
Is there a minimum sample size required for the t-test to be valid?
How to get prediction intervals at mean & at max of covariate values in R
How do I calculate the Bayes error of a multivariate normal Bayesian classifier?
Variance unbiased?
One CFA for each scale, or one CFA for all of the scales together?
Detecting outliers using standard deviations
Multiple regression analysis with a dependent variable which can be split into more variables
Poisson regression for binary data
When sampling without replacement from a given distribution, what's the total expected weight of the last k sampled items?
Eighth order moment
Comparing performance after CV over a single dataset : does it violate the independence assumption?
Interpretation of spatial Gcross plots
Using $\chi^2$ to compare two Markov transition matrices
Problem calculating, interpreting regsubsets and general questions about model selection procedure
Interpretation for simple slope analysis for curvilinear regression with interaction effects
Errors-in-variables regression: is it valid to pool data from three sites?
Panel regression with proportion as both dependent and independent
Compound Poisson, preliminary work in R
Mean Survival Time Cox Regression
Can I perform an exhaustive search with cross-validation for feature selection?
Trying to run statistical tests in R but struggling as I am new to the language
If $Y \sim geometric(P)$ and $P \sim \mathcal B(2, 1)$ how to compute $E(Y)$ and marginal pmf of $Y$?
Good resources for learning Probabilistic Graphical Models
Estimators - OLS & other
Help with pretest-postest data analysis
still trying in R with CI and predictions
Has "Understanding Monte Carlo Markov Chain" by Roberts and Tweedie ever been published?
Confidence intervals for proportions (prevalence)
Robust regularized regression
Odd results from Bayesian network in R
Some questions about statistical randomness
Clustering algorithm and distance function for sets
Using multinomial regression's coefficients to derive predicted outcomes in C#
How many user interactions do I need to perform search relevance experiment?
Prediction interval for robust regression with MM-estimator
Need help to calculate and maximize cost-effective solution
How do you choose the timeframe for a prediction to be tested?
Frequentist statistics references for someone well versed in modern probability theory
How to modify RankBoost to maximize area under recall-precision curve instead of AUC?
What will be the effect on the d.f of $\chi^2$ distribution
Negative coefficient in ordered logistic regression
Correlation and non-normal distributions
Interaction Suppresses Main Effects in Repeated Measures GLM?
How to deal with high correlation among predictors in multiple regression?
What are good references for the different methods of combining p-values?
Do quasi random number generators sample only uniform distribution?
Paired versus unpaired t-test
How to understand the data of company's revenues
Dixon test and normal distribution
Possibilities of variables combination and conclusion
Sharing of a trained SVM model
Is the input to a pseudorandom process the random seed?
Standard normal distribution on a subspace
How do I interpret the covariance matrix from a curve fit?
Getting different results when plotting 95% CI ellipses with ggplot or the ellipse package
Parallel straight lines on residual vs fitted plot
Robust standard error in generalized least squares regression
How to estimate the deposit mix of a bank using interest rate as the independent variable?
Poker winrate statistical test
Estimating hyperparameter in basis functions (Gaussian and sigmoid) for linear regression
What are some non-uniform random number generators not relying on uniform random number generators?
Different prediction score for two SVM-based classifiers
Recall and AUC of a binary classifier
Correcting biased polling
Simple probability question
Common parameters for conditional likelihood
How to calculate absolute fit indices (RMSEA, GFI...) from relative ones (AIC, BIC...)?
Is there any problem with a Bayesian setting that gives positive prior probability on malformed events?
How to report the standard deviation of a sample of averages?
Cobb-Douglas production: interpret regression
What are good ways of visualizing many effects ordered in groups and subgroups?
Factor analysis or just stick with compare means?
Why is my bootstrap function for paired samples t test in R not returning the same result as SPSS?
How to assess overdispersion in Poisson GLMM, lmer( )
Significant regression coefficients but non-significant bivariate correlations
Probability of winning a drawing/lottery
Durbin-Watson  test for residuals of SARIMA(1,1,1) in R
Can't find p-values in the output from lmer() in the lm4 package in R
Mixed effect model
Zero-inflated negative binomial mixed-effects model in R
Sample distribution for Kullback-Leibler distance
Problems plotting GLM data of binomial proportional data
Weighted harmonic mean vs weighted geometric mean
What are the assumptions of the Games-Howell multiple comparisons procedure?
Iteration of the $\alpha$ parameter in a beta distribution yields a beta distribution?
Using confidence interval from full sample to test statistics from a small sub-sample?
Meaning of 0-weighted linear weights in SVM
Is it possible to determine the relationship between X and Y, with only X and Z, where Z = X + Y?
Cronbach's alpha continuous and dichotomous data in SPSS
Implementation of CRF in python
Interpret significant predictor in non-significant regression?
Low classification accuracy, what to do next?
What is the probability of an occurrence within an interval
Neural net cost function for Hyperbolic Tangent activation
jags missing data error
How do I find a 95% percent ML confidence interval of the probability of category 5 strength
L1 norm linear function estimation
k nearest neighbor with decision tree
Can anyone tell me why we always use the Gaussian distribution in Machine learning?
What differences and relations are between common random numbers, antithetic variates, and control variates
Pairwise deletion in multiple regression
Seasonal differencing in Arima function in forecast package in R
Generalizing Add-one/Laplacian Smoothing
Gaussian Like distribution with higher order moments
Multiple comparison with genotype data
Fit an arbitrary PDF
Repeated coin flip experiments: what counts as a sample?
method of moments with variance=$\sigma^2$
controlling for a highly correlated variable
How robust is Pearson's correlation coefficient to violations of normality?
Decision boundaries from coefficients of linear discriminants?
How to model data in jags/bugs generated by taking the minimum of two random variables?
"Running it" multiple times in No-Limit Hold'em poker
Data mining and data
How do I decide which family of variance/link functions to use in a generalized linear model?
MLE Estimator for a state transition problem
Sample size determination/verification
Why does standard error not involve population size?
Expected value of a natural logarithm
Sample size for EFA
If p > n, the lasso selects at most n variables
Sum of Gamma distributions
Testing median, and distribution of Binomial
Where to find graphical explanations for various classification models?
Terminology for different types of epidemiological variable
Is it possible to interpret standardized beta coefficients for quantile regression?
What is the number of subjects needed to be representative for a small, finite population?
How to deal with death in disease-free survival analysis?
Independence in a sum relationship
10-fold cross validation
Looking for a good followup to the Stanford AI course
Is it possible to have a variable that acts as both an effect modifier and a confounder?
Hyperplane problem in linear congruent generator
How to calculate the confidence interval of a regression prediction given a particular value for a binary predictor?
Consistency of estimator
Showing independence
Rank correlation statistics comparison
Alternative to sieve / mosaic plots for contingency tables
Organizing cluster analysis results in a database
What is the colloquial name for the "look elsewhere" effect?
Report coefficients or odds ratio in ordinal logit/probit?
Use of generalisation error in the process of NN training
Is it necessary to report the bivariate correlations when reporting logistic regression?
How to choose between z and t in 2 sample (non-paired) tests?
Small Sample, Low Baseline in DV, Interaction anyway?
Interpreting three forms of a "mixed model"
Standard errors of estimates vary in PROC REG and PROC GENMOD!
Consequences from comparison of two models
Why doesn't the Cramer-Rao lower bound apply?
Learning classifier system frameworks
Looking for significant variability of categorical data in columns of data frame
Is matching only for treatment effects with selection bias?
Detecting initial trend or outliers
interpreting chi square value for validating random numbers
Ratio between two densities
Is it ok to fit a Bayesian model first, then begin weakening priors?
Question about weighted logistic regression
What causes the discontinuity in the distribution of published p-values at p < .05?
Notation in GBM package vignette: expected value of loss functions
Implementation and Interpretation of Fixed versus Random Effects
The general approaches for improving a SVM-based classifier which is low precision and high recall
Probability of independent events within a specified window
OLS with clustered standard errors vs. multilevel modeling when the main interest is at the individual level
Bayesians: slaves of the likelihood function?
Can I define an $R^2$-like measure in this way when predicting with exotic loss functions?
How to calculate the combined standard error of two models?
Can one have two random variables, perfectly correlated, but with different variances (as percent of their mean)?
Factoring simple Markov network
local polynomial regression standard errors
Measurement error in dependent variable (type I or II error)
How to make prediction models more interpretable?
Power analysis for binomial data when the null hypothesis is that $p = 0$
Life table probabilities
What do parallel lines in a fitted values vs. residual plot mean? How should I transform my data?
Confusion between sample and population
Conjugate of Weibull with shape known
About goodness-of-fit p-value and Pearson's $\chi^2$ statistic
Clusters produced by R intersect 
Coefficients and binomial mixed linear models
Matlab RandomForest prediction error calculation
Strategies for introducing advanced statistics to various audiences
Regressing on many outcomes in a spatial model
Combination of multinomial logit model and logit model
Route to understanding and implementing statistical timing models
Calculating standard errors for contrasts of parameter estimates of a (multiple) linear regression
Does using count data as independent variable violate any of GLM assumptions?
Is a Biplot suitable ? Domestic Violence VS Non-Violence data
Discrepancy between lagged lm() and lagsarlm()
How to deal with quasi-complete separation in a logistic GLMM?
Principal component analysis, bootstrap and probability of eigenvalue collision?
Formulating a model statement using lmer for repeated measures in a blocked design in R
Is maximin a machine learning algorithm?
Marginal effects with logistic generalized additive model in R
Beta distribution from mean and quantile
Increase in rates over time
RandomForests in Matlab and outliers detection
What do I do if my predicted values are out of the dependent variable range?
What does a chi-square value of zero means in CFA?
If MGF exists, does it imply that all $E(X^n)$ exist?
Correct sequence of subjects to be a Machine Learning master?
Completely different results from lmer() and lme()
How does a Poisson distribution work when modeling continuous data and does it result in information loss?
(Quantile regression) Which standard error for heteroscedasticity & serial correlation
Simulation of covariates in regression
10-fold CV performance test: need to use same folds for both evaluated algorithms?
Identification of parameters problem
Creating ROC curve for multi-level logistic regression model in R
Distribution of norms of vectors whose components have a known distribution?
Is output of Deamer deconvolution not a density?
How do you estimate correlations between ordinal and binary data in SPSS?
Converting SPSS syntax for regression to Stata commands
Logistic regression classifier with non-negative weights constraint
When submitting analyses to FDA how does using R affect issues of software validation?
Representation of standard deviation in statistical range
(Quantile regression) AR(1) variable in the design matrix
Conditional distribution of $X$ given $|X|$
Newey West standard errors give me more significance
How to compare results obtained by non-linear regression
Eigenvectors of a covariance matrix with only positive elements
Using interaction term for describing non-linear relationship in regression model
Model building, p value of GLM for whole model?
What formula is needed to calculate the average adjusted gross income by zip code?
Is the following an error-in-variance problem, and is there a recommended R (or SAS) package for it?
How to test statistical significance of coherence coefficients in spectral analysis?
Optimization of an objective function with noise
Crazy divergence in mixed model - chains start well but go crazy later
Using computer simulations to better understand statistical concepts at the graduate level
Is Cox regression analysis including demographic covariates required for observational studies instead of Kaplan-Meier?
Initialization in pLSA
Latent Dirichlet allocation Implementation
Matlab tool for nonlinear mixed effects
Interpreting R summary output
First iteration in MCMC coda chain is different from initial values
Visualizing mixed model results
Are matrix decomposition based Kalman filter algorithms faster or more robust?
Correlated factors in a global model
How to display concentration data in space?
Using MGF for multivariate random variables
Comparison over time of categorical data and between two groups
Finding expectation of log
Comparing Beta weights in HLM?
Metric and Clustering Method
Difference between canonical correpondence analysis and canonical correlation analysis
RMSE vs. Coefficient of Determination
Which kind of statistical exact test should I use?
A robust (non-parametric) measure like Coefficient of Variation -- IQR/median, or alternative?
Prediction and explanation of user rating based on multiple criteria
Reference for dummy variable regression for repeated measurements
Fit Inverse Gamma Distribution to dataset in R
Negative value in density deconvolution
Determining the number of weak classifiers to use in adaboost without overfitting?
Conflicting Answers from Marketing Test: Both Answers are Statistically Significant
Bootstrap confidence interval programming
Transform continuous variables for logistic regression
Meaning of p-values for an interaction between a categorical variable (w/ >2 cats) & continuous variable
How do you find causal relationships in data?
Confidence intervals vs sample size?
Determining largest contributor in a group
How to examine interactions between factor and covariate in a mixed effects model?
Conditional Expectation of Multivariate Distributions
Given two dependent sequences, predict next output for one of them
Skewed variables in PCA or factor analysis
Box-Ljung test on white noise series
How to detect "bad inputs" when designing a classifier?
Magnitude of Pearson correlation after adjustment by simple linear regression
Reference on Path Analysis
Covariance of a variable and a linear combination of other variables
Sum(XY) in terms of Xbar and Ybar
Visual depiction of experimental treatments in (Poisson) ANCOVA?
Safely determining sample size for A/B testing
sample size for well-established questionnaire
Resource to read about distributions
SVM low accuracy but significant p value
Papers on the risks of using regular subsets
How do I establish shape and scale parameters?
What are features that distinguish clustering, blind signal separation and dimensionality reduction?
How to interpret regression coefficients when outcome variable was transformed to $1 / \sqrt{Y}$?
Practical applications of affinity propagation
Spatial interpolation of vectors in vector fields
WEKA vs RDS (Rule Discovery System)
Tobit with difference-in-differences specification
Numeric solvers for stochastic differential equations in R: are there any?
Posterior density of nonlinear random effects
Systematic vs. statistical error
Formative model identification problem using SEM
Order statistics of absolute value of bivariate normal distribution
Outliers change the sign of linear relation
How to add outliers to an existing data?
Simple introduction to linear models in R
Dichotomizing when variable is skewed
How to calculate power (or sample size) for a multiple comparison experiment?
Given a normal distribution, a mean, and standard deviation what is the probability a Variable is in a range
Categorical predictor variables in multiple regression?
Hierarchical decomposition of an imbalanced multiclass classification problem
Stata's tsset in panel with two time dimensions
Using MLE to estimate the parameters of a strange exponential distribution
Manipulating ordinal variables to segment data
Interpret Silhouette plot for large microarray dataset
Confusion regarding a probability problem
OLS with the lowest MSE question
Physical meaning of correlation?
Regression and multiple comparison methods for data where each available category is ranked
Runs Test and Chi Square Distribution
What machine learning algorithms are good for estimating which features are more important?
How do I interpret this McNemar's agreement plot generated by SAS?
How to sum cluster data?
Clear description of PCA using SVD of covariance matrix
Hypothesis test for odds ratios
Normal approximation to the binomial distribution
What is the  multiclass loss used in kaggles for measure performance?
any alternative to kaggle for data mining & analysis competitions and training?
pairwise t test or Tukey's test?
Exercise in testing a difference of means
Find a general normal stationary process
Heckman selection model with difference-in-differences specification
How to generate correlated random numbers (given means, variances and degree of correlation)?
Survival analysis w/ repeated observations of experimental and control units within periods of differing size & trends over the periods
Robust regression: possible with ordered data?
Confusion regarding a probability problem
Classification datasets with categorical features and a lot of classes
How to test group differences when neither parametric nor nonparametric assumptions are met?
Validating a logistic regression for a specific $x$
Properties of conditional probability distributions
How to find an unbiased estimator?
Machine learning approach to a selection problem
An incremental Gaussian mixture model
What is the nonparametric variant of multivariate ANOVA with more than one one factor (and with interactions between factors)?
What does "return rate" mean in population ecology models?
Can you reproduce this chi-squared test result?
What function of distance for the questionnaire data?
Non negative lasso implementation in R
Random forest like techniques (bagging, random feature subset) for SGD methods
When should one avoid bootstrapping?
Linear mixed effects vs. Repeated Measures
Computing and comparing semantic networks generated by grouped individuals
If I have good reason to expect a certain value as the sample mean and I obtain something very different, should I obtain another sample?
How to understand the notation behind the standarded residuals?
Unfold degrees of freedom of interaction in factorial design analysis in R
Looking for ways to compare between coxph models
Inequality for bivariate normal distribution
Predicting time interval based on statistics
What makes values from two features equal for the purposes of constructing a maximum entropy model?
Specifying the Form of Prior, Likelihood and Posterior Distributions for Bayesian Analysis
Intuition behind result for binomial
Why is the Jeffreys prior useful?
How to estimate 5 percent breaking point  of  a sample of ropes?
Mean residual life
How robust is the independent samples t-test when the distributions of the samples are non-normal?
Balancing servers and users
Factoring risk of ruin into binomal calculation
Choosing complexity parameter in CART
Deseasonalizing count data
Statistical test suggestion
Integral of survival function
Should I use missing value using imputation or listwise or pairwise deletion methods?
Relationship between LASSO T and LARS number of steps k
Joint distribution of two distances
Using lme to analyse a complete randomized block design with repeated measures: Is my model correct?
Overall type I error with dependent tests
When is quantile regression worse than OLS?
Can this be considered close to normally distributed?
Identifying fraudulent questionnaires
Clustering time series with wavelets in R
Survival Analysis with Multiple Events
Seeking for a fast non parametic clustering algorithm
Testing if a proportion is different between groups
Which are the most effective clustering ensembles?
For linear regression, what's the distribution of error term from Classical and Bayesian point of views?
What to use, k-means or hierarchical clustering for presence absence data?
How to reduce the number of variables in cluster analysis?
How to measure shape of cluster?
Ordinal predictors in linear multiple regression in SPSS or R
How does neural network recognise images?
Maximum likelihood estimation and the n-th order statistic
How should I handle a left censored predictor variable in multiple regression?
how Neural Network works on image recognition
what is the way of dealing with textual valued feature vectors for classification task?
Regarding the feature generation method with SVM-based classification method
How to predict the probability of a performance rank for a test taker on a future test based on previous test scores?
P-value for multinomial distribution
How to make inferences about a group based on test scores?
Is there a statistical significance in my paired sample data after performing Wilcoxon signed rank test?
Variance explained for binomial proportions
Does variance predict skewness?
Showing that 0 is positive recurrent
Proper similarity measure for clustering
Are PCA solutions unique?
Which logit or probit model should I use for multiple response / dependent variables?
How robust are multivariate methods to violations of normality?
Similarity measure between two colors?
What does it mean to have an F-value of .000 and Sig. of 1.000 (in SPSS)?
Variance of nominal variable?
Can we see shape of normal curve somewhere in nature?
Nonparametric alternative to ANOVA for testing the difference between several brand preferences
Can I prove a curvilinear relationship when the linear independent variable is not significant
How to add confidence intervals to predicted data when the response variable is log transformed
How to do feature selection for learning from positive and unlabeled examples?
Quantile regression with dummy variable that's equal to 0 over most $t$
How to interpret coefficients in a regression with ARIMA errors?
Reporting contrasts between binary probability parameters in Bayesian data analysis - odds ratios or difference in probability?
PCA, ICA and Laplacian eigenmaps
Image Clustering with K-means - Postprocessing
Confused about simple hypothesis testing question
Correlation and coefficients in ols
Distribution of $R^2$ for pairs of random variables
Confusion related to prediction
How to sample transactions to estimate customer-level effects
Confusion related to calculation of pi
Showing that the power of a test approaches 1 as the sample size approaches infinity
Clustering of time series
Distance independent approximation of Nearest Neighbor/k-NN.
How to generate a probability of x given a value of y and a distribution?
Nonparametric chi-square test
Is my design nested or split plot?
How should I present linear regression output in a table format?
Percentile Ranks in Matlab
Permutation test to test significance of skewness/kurtosis of two distributions?
Confusion related to MCMC technique
k-parameter Newton-Raphson maximisation
kMeans - acceptable value for WCSS
How do you express the quadratic equation in terms of mu and variance?
How to enter/analyze likert data
Trendline formula in R
Finding anomalies in industrial part failures
Not sure how to work out SSG and SSE in ANOVA table
Periods in history of statistics
Omega vs. alpha reliability
Topic modeling, LDA and NMF
Relations between distributions
Had statisticians predicted 2008 financial crisis?
Dendrograms using clustergram vs traditional ways in Matlab
How to preserve points near zero when taking logs?
What is $s_x$ in Pearson correlation?
Analysis of participant's results to see who is the most different
Separating two complex-valued datasets that have been multiplied together
Introducing dummy variables to least squares estimation
Regression with repeated measures in Matlab
How to compare multiple groups of unbalanced repeated measures non normal data?
Benjamini-Hochberg dependency assumptions justified?
Selecting the best indicator of disease progression
Maximum entropy priors in infinite dimensional spaces
Temporal association rules with arulesSequences with quantities
Is it true that any continuous probability distribution gives probability zero to any single element in the sample space?
Comparing regression coefficient with same model but two distinct samples
How many random permutations to cover all possible permutations?
Effect of sample size in t test?
Is R viable for production (deployed) code
Regression Lines With Same Intercept
PDF Manipulation for Bayesian analysis
Is concept of similarity objective?
How does one interpret SVM feature weights?
Which is better, SD or SE in line charts?
How to model repeated measures with time-varying covariates in SPSS?
Can we predict whether or not persons will favor legalization of marijuana based on sex and three categories of SES?
Derivation of M-step for pLSA
How to determine the best relationship (linear, log, etc.) between input predictor variable(s) and output variable for multiple linear regression?
Logistic growth inflection point
Calculating predictions and confidence intervals from a negative binomial distribution
Identifying a conditional posterior for $\mu$ and $\sigma^2$
Distributions on subsets of $\{1, 2, ..., J\}$?
Statistical test for whether a process is a red noise
Need McNemar test for non-dichtomous variables (5x7)
Decision threshold for a 3-class Naive Bayes ROC curve
How far in future is call center workload accurate
How to plot 20 years of daily data in time series
What are some general rules or guidelines about choosing between color and 3 axes for 3D plotting?
Does preclustering help to build a better predictive model?
Correlated alpha-stable processes with different alpha values
Is centering needed when bootstrapping the sample mean?
Calculate one median for data from five experimental repetitions
How can I separate each of 100 observations into groups as determined by the data?
How to choose which demographics to include in randomized trial regression?
Type of model to use
"Exponential" distribution with negative scale parameter?
How to control for common method bias?
Fixed-sum question
Random sample of population sub sample size
A re-formalization of a conjugate prior?
Bayesian user survey with a credible interval
What model of multiple regression do I use to see if two independent variables affect a dependent variable, I also need to use two dummy variables?
How to analyse a continuous response having a bimodal distribution?
Predicting a time-series based on level, season, and cycle
Factor analysis of scales at different levels of specificity
Variable importance assessed by MR vs. by Spearman's rank-order coefficient
Large deviation theory exercise
Determining statistical significance in election polls from the MoE / confidence interval
The impact of non-normality (contaminated normal) on type 1 error and power when sigma is known
How to derive the probability mass function for Zero-inflated Poisson Distribution?
Mann-Whitney U test with unequal sample sizes
Calculating the probability of the Nth sample in the birthday problem w/o knowing the previous samples
Does a positive Mantel-Haenszel chi square statistic in a trend test indicate a positive trend?
Multiple comparisons
Detecting and preventing collusion in ratings
Computing a marginal posterior of a hierarchical model
How should I normalize my accelerometer sensor data?
Prove this theorem related with specification tests
Weak convergence of an empirical process. Demonstration
What is the difference between AdaBoost.M2, AdaBoost.M1, Gentle AdaBoost, RealAdaboost and the Original Adaboost?
Fisher's exact test for results of Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney
Cox regression when reference group had zero events
How to find the exact and likelihood ratio p-value for a hypothesis test that a population sex ratio is 1:1?
ANCOVA/ANOVA: Testing different models against each other
How to know whether the change in CD4 population over different time points is significant
Data transformations of scales
Winbugs and other MCMC without information for prior distribution
Which test to use in a single group pre- and post-treatment analysis
Fake uniform random numbers: More evenly distributed than true uniform data
Poisson regression assumptions and how to test them in R
How to compute the characteristic function of two random variables with different distributions?
Determining the roughness of a multidimensional optimization surface
Multivariate analysis techniques for fMRI data
How to find effects of several mostly categorial variables on a numeric value?
The meaning of P(X=0) in a binomial distribution
When a random variable has a distribution whose parameter is another random variable
Recommendations on methods to predict sales data
How to do factor analysis for categorical data?
Regression discontinuity versus matching with spatial discontinuity
Understanding random samples
KL divergence between 2 distributions with unequal cardinalities?
Auto-correlation of Random numbers
Once again: paired versus unpaired t-tests
How to select best kernel parameters for radial basis function of SVM with fingerprint recognition?
Calculating R-squared values from a semivariogram
Two-sample one-sided Kolmogorov-Smirnov test vs one-sided Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test
Collaborative filtering and implicit ratings; normalization?
Perpendicular offsets in a weighted least squares regression
Determine different clusters of 1d data from database
ANOVA with uncertain values - attempt to redefine node
Independence of residuals in a computer-based experiment/simulation?
Why do sampling distributions provide a major simplification on the route statistical inference?
Kalman filter consistency checks and debugging
Merging the results of a statistical test in different conditions and calculating p-value
Percentage of binary outcome when informed of only one event
Why is a test statistic called a test statistic?
Test data for randomness with repetitions
How to compare dependent variables with different units using Grammar of Graphics paradigm?
Determining eigenvalues and eigenvectors in R
Logistic regression on a dataset with duplicated records
Kalman filter update returns an invalid covariance matrix?
What is a second order exponential decay function?
How can I classify images as "normal" or "lesions" using SVM?
How to encode factors as dummy variables when using stepPlr?
How to identify structural change using a Chow test on Eviews?
Grading a range of data
How exactly are standard errors of coefficients (factor levels) computed in a two-way ANOVA?
Repeated measures interaction betwen SNP and treatment with R
Effect of one independent variable of several dependent variables – best strategy?
Correlation of bivariate grouped data?
Compute probability of a grouping being correct
Problems with modeling a cumulative dependant variable
Can the log likelihood ratio for a simple vs simple hypothesis take a negative value?
Computation of log-likelihood in semi-supervised naive bayes
Generating spatially uncorrelated random fields in R
Deciding which covarates should be log-transformed, before model is done?
How can I test if a marketing effort was successful?
How to report the results of Fisher's exact test for larger than 2 by 2 tables
Association between a categorical and binary variable
Degrees of freedom in my mixed model
How can I explain the intuition behind ANOVA?
Tobit model with corner solution and selection problem
Sample size for Pearson correlation and the reverse coded items for correlation analysis?
Comparing Z-scores & log transformed data
Mean structure and mean/variance relationship in regression
Should false discovery be controlled at the data acquisition level, or should this be at the data interpretation level?
Comparing two objects rated by a bipolar scale
Predicting a dichotomous variable
Rates affecting rates
Where to start: Unevenly spaced time series, with lots of outliers or randomness
Is using the same data for feature selection and cross-validation biased or not?
Web page change frequency
Does it make sense to average q-values?
Retrospective power analysis of samples from Poisson distributions
Is there a style guide for statistical graphs intended for presentations?
How to compute the standard error of the mean of an AR(1) process?
MATLAB quantiz - mean square distortion
How do you interpret the results from ridge regression?
How to model binary dependent data with temporal autocorrelation?
How is it that the required sample size for a specified error and confidence is not dependent on population size?
Restricted Boltzmann machines vs multilayer neural networks
To chi square or not to chi square?
Can I interpret the inclusion of a quadratic term in logistic regression as indicating a turning point?
How to diagnose multicollinearity using the output of vif function in R?
Asymptotic normality of MLE in exponential with higher-power x
Why are distributions important?
Why don't dummy variables have the continuous adjacent category problem in cluster analysis?
Tips for rejected Ljung-Box stats? Can Minitab model ARIMAX?
Interpreting regression results for aggregate data: does it make sense to refer to the "average of average"?
Clustering with 3 attributes
Learning hidden Markov model where transition/emission/initial probabilities aren't independent
Random effects vs fixed effects with balanced designs
Multi-stage sampling and sample representation
How to understand the square of an AR(1) process?
Partition a zigzag-shaped time series
Whether to exclude a case from two analyses when the case is only an outlier in one?
Predicting time series with NNs: should the data set be shuffled?
Plot regression adjusted for covariate
Measure to capture clustering in time based event
What test to use to determine if someone is actually answering on a questionnaire vs. responding randomly
How do I calculate the ranking of some galleries based on the rankings of the artists represented by them?
LME() error - iteration limit reached
Why must these regressions on a constant equal the mean?
What can be concluded about coefficients?
Entering data on SPSS - Pre-Test Post-test Questionnaires on Emotion (with negative and positive values)
How to deal with differences in subgroup analysis but no significant interaction?
Testing for Spatial Autocorrelation in a Negative Binomial Regression Model
What are the problems with doing regression on sample means instead of ANOVA in a time series setting?
Understanding the random effect in linear mixed models (lme4, R)
Testing hierarchical data
Is Xorshift RNG good enough for Monte Carlo approaches? If not what alternatives are there?
How can I find the number of support vectors in an SVM, depending on kernel?
Text mining discrete paragraphs
Does the sign of the adjusted residuals matter in a crosstable?
Can I validly expand the odds ratio analogously to the relationship between relative risk & the incidence rate ratio?
Extrapolate forecasts to present data
Statistical test to find variable causing failure
Multivariate normal - conditioning on absolute values
Convergence of random variables
Sampling rate for Bayesian analysis of user survey with discrete random variable
Way to rank binary sequence
Comparing the result of a study which has unequal group sizes
A parellel between LSA and pLSA
Estimating fixed effects for ordinal regression
Number of needed samples for entropy estimation
Bayesian meta analysis of residual standard deviation using BUGS
Inconsistency of findings between Kappa and ICC for IRR study
Density calculation in K Means clustering
Report coefficients of a factor in a GLM
RandomForest - MDS plot interpretation
Is there an R package for continuous time longitudinal binary responses?
Determine which method predicts best given results from a simulation exercise
Question about combinations involving a caveat/exclusion
Coding single word responses into consistent
Adaptive regression splines in earth package R
Synthetic time series generation
Expectation of a minimum
Why is correlation between y and $\hat{y}$ in a model with and without intercept equal?
Sum of Squares reduction test: Convergence criteria met, but not all parameters of the model estimated
ARIMA Forecast Restrictions
a question on multiplicative SMV kernel
Are all values within a 95% confidence interval equally likely?
Feature construction and normalization in machine learning
Literature on robustness of regression assumptions
Spatial clustering with the constraint that all clusters have equal count
Learning Curves Example
Box Cox Transforms for regression
Regression model with multimodal outcome
Constructing multilevel regression design matrix
Calculating $R^2$ for Elastic Net
How many attempts to randomly draw all 7 cards out of 7 with replacement?
Statistical test for two-factor heteregeneously distributed samples
Strict Bonferroni - looking for p value
Using standardized Y in Elastic Net
Testing marginal homogeniety with multivariate outcomes and matched pairs
Stepwise regression vs. elastic net
Tail inequality on sum of product of normal variables
How to obtain good performance (low error rate) on massive data set?
Bias of variance/precision estimator using Gamma prior
Is a strong background in maths a total requisite for ML?
Statistical test for two datasets with different variance and mean
Conditional entropy of sum of random variables
Are there any other interpretations besides bayesian and frequentist?
Why can bigger sample size increase power of a test?
Dataset and outlier question
Multidimensional similarity analysis - graph similarity?
Not standardizing outcome, standardizing predictors only
How to rank film production companies based on weighted ranks?
What is cross section in "cross section of stock return"?
Evaluation of classifiers: learning curves vs ROC curves
Obtaining the covariance matrix of a Gaussian random vector
If the likelihood principle clashes with frequentist probability then do we discard one of them?
Combination of 2 random variables that is perfectly correlated with another random variable
How to relate raw scores on five-point Likert to three conceptual categories?
Inverse Mills ratio after OLS
How to compute the confidence interval if I have 2 samples?
Experiment or simulation to undestand type I and type II errors
Importing Live sound stream in R
Why does log likelihood function for a model use SSE/n and not SSE/df?
Which one consider when dealing with dummy variables: Exact Sig. (2-sided) or Exact Sig. (1-sided)?
What is the difference between a "link function" and a "canonical link function" for GLM
F-test for lack of fit using R
Sum of deviations from the mean
Conditions under which the power curve is not smooth or continuous in Hypothesis testing
ARIMA model interpretation
Nested cross-validation for classification in MATLAB
In regression analysis what does taking the log of a variable do?
Where does the Gaussian function come from?
How to define contrast coefficient matrix?
Model from $\hat{Y}$s or model from residuals?
Continually updating naive Bayes classifier
How to implement a regression with non-independent observations in the DV?
Measure the uniformity of distribution of points in a 2D square
Can sub-optimality of various hierarchical clustering methods be assessed or ranked?
Unequal variances but equal means
How do you assess a three-way interaction in a generalized multi-level model?
Reporting statistical significance for voluntary sample
Can confidence interval be equal to zero?
Polynomial kernel in logistic regression?
Comparison of stock market volatilities
Information criterion with penalty to condition number of hessian matrix?
Conversion between units of measurement
Testing anova hypothesis with contrasts in R and SPSS
Given a kernel, how to find mapping phi?
Intrarater reliability
Contradictory Results in autocorrelation tests
Normalizing when doing count statistics of patient numbers on different arms of a clinical trial
probablistic output for binary SVM classification
Is there a better alternative to a logit / probit regression when all dependent variables are dichotomous?
some basic questions for process mining
Determine ratio constant and formula for an equitable score in my algorithm
When do we use the Durbin-Watson test?
Suspiciously high pseudo r^2 values in gaussian & ordered regressions (R)
Can a dichotomous variable (yes/no) be merged with a Likert measure (1,2,3,4) using z scores?
Is there a term for $P(A\cap B)/[P(A)P(B)]$?
How do I do nonlinear generalized estimating equations in SPSS
Joint distribution of two sums of correlated variables
Bootstrapping data for two variables
Unit-root test in Minitab
Density of Y = log(X) for Gamma-distributed X
Merge text collection subsamples for cross-validation
Independent variable misclassification and statistical tests
What is the interpretation of "generalized" partial correlations?
Permutations exercises with alike objects; check my homework
Transformation of multivariate normal sum of chi-squared
Clustering with constraint size
Predicting ordered logit in R
No-simultaneous-events assumption of the Poisson process
Questions on bootstrap methods on calculating p-value
prediction interval for heteroscedastic data
Sampling weight when using regression or descriptive statistics
Determining the number of raters for inter-rater reliability
Advanced procedures using the Median statistic
Test for equal variance
Which vocabulary to use for a special version of the Rocchio classification algorithm?
Regressing on only the positive part of a vector
Model simplification results in non normal residuals
Restricted Boltzmann Machines for regression?
Better machine learning methods for medical imaging segmentation
Benchmark datasets for detecting clusters, patterns and formulate/validate hypothesis?
Linear regression across $n$ samples
Conditional Expectation / Estimator Confusion
How to detect interactions in a random forest model?
Selecting threshold for generalized Pareto distribution in R
Proving Causality with t-test/regression
Statistical Test for Analyzing Practice Test Data
frequentist coverage, and besides?
Variables for post-stratification weights?
Computing conditional expectations
Standardising the removal of outliers from a small data set
How to setup xreg argument in auto.arima() in R?
Why does a positive average squared cross-partial derivative indicate an interaction?
Prediction with CI - predict.glm doesn't have interval option
How to model a bounded lognormal dependent variable with many zeros
When are tertiary splits un/justified?
Visualizing two variables which have a very similar values
Fitting copula for discrete margins
Is data driven identification in a simultaneous equation model possible?
Dataset for article recommendation with demographic data
Application of Bayes' theorem
Standard deviation of the sum of two normally distributed random variables
Can a neural network output represent a posterior probability?
Choosing the best analysis
Which probability distribution function applies to my problem?
Number of trees for Random Forest optimization using recursive feature elimination
Can two or more splits in a binary decision tree be made on the same variable?
How do you take a weighted mean where values farther from a given number are weighted less?
How to calculate probability for n dependent events
Good Analytical Approach for a problem
REML vs ML stepAIC
Using the rejection sampling with the method of inversion
Interpreting coefficients of an interaction between categorical and continuous variable
Independent t-tests and Technical Indicators: Voodoo, Axes, and Objectivity
Calculating Adjusted $R^2$ in Polynomial Linear Regression with Single Variable
Comparing sample variances of the same population
Given Two 95% Confidence Intervals
Some questions about confidence intervals, quantiles and cdf/pdf
Simple way to algorithmically identify a spike in recorded errors
If my counts are from a proportion (resampling) of a sample, does it influence the confidence interval?
How do I analyze a 2x2 experiment with DV measured pre & post intervention?
Which model to use with repeated measures data that contains multiple binary dependent variables
Suitable data preprocessing for an image recognition task: normalization ,standardization or neither?
Algebra for data confidence
What is the estimate of sample mean variance?
Help computing asymptotic variance of a weird first difference estimator in a fixed effects model
Conditional Expectation
Independence of Random Variables
Using Bayesian networks to understand Expected Revenue
Constrained Regression in R: coefficients positive, sum to 1 and non-zero intercept
Can we use cross-validation to measure how well a distribution fits sample data?
Publicly Available Ngram Datasets
Categorical Principal Component Analysis - using Count, Continuous, Ordinal variables together
Prediction interval for the one-way random effect ANOVA
Compare independent numeric vectors (means) in R
Comparing proportions across more than 2 groups
what does histogram mean in a deterministic signal?
How to use the SD of a normal sampling distribution to specify the gamma prior for the corresponding precision?
libSVM for unbalanced data
Residual, linear least squares and quality engineering
Updating the sample variance, sample by sample
Sample/Filter nonuniformly distributed values so that result follows a uniform distribution
Non-parametric for two-way ANOVA (3x3)
Sampling Distribution
How to calculate 95% CI for OR for a different reference category without running the SAS logistics again?
Sample size for t-test when the outcome is percentage point
The Sleeping Beauty Paradox
Estimating credit card default probabilities
What can I conclude from the following one way ANOVA result?
R packages or open source software for training Hidden Markov chains
Why am I getting a zero parameter estimate and SE for one of my variables in a logistic regression?
How to conduct predictor selection in a generalized linear mixed model?
Mahalanobis Distance on Singular Data
Specifying add and drop thresholds for stepwise regression in R
What is Mahalanobis distance, & how is it used in pattern recognition?
Justification for low/high or tertiary splits in ANOVA
Help with probabilities on a game I am making
Is there a distribution appropriate for a continuous variable skewed toward zero and able to include zero?
"Wrong Sign" On Regression Coefficients - Hierarchical Multiple Linear Regression
Latent groups in Bayes net with BUGS
Risk of extinction of Schrödinger's cats
How to estimate the probability that the mean of an unknown distribution is over a threshold given small sample size
How to produce a vector based on two probability distributions?
What's a good measure of spread near a threshold?
Autocorrelation of daily time-series using acf and pacf plots
How to compute SVD of a huge sparse matrix?
Joint probability and Gaussian copula
Shifted intercepts in logistic regression
Which metric use for problem of clustering spatial data of wind direction and speed?
Nonparametric equivalent of ANCOVA for continuous dependent variables
Taking logarithm transformation of variable for a regression
Modeling a 1D random walk with nonconstant probability in a point
K-Fold Cross Validation for mixed-effect models: how to score them?
How can I combine two normal distributions functions?
Predicting percent of male and female party attendees
How to use Viterbi when there can be only one observation for a state
Dynamic conditional correlation in Stata
Model for predicting number of Youtube views of Gangnam Style
Monte Carlo calculation of value at risk
Multivariate linear regression vs neural network?
Cointegration testing with a dummy variable
Kullback-Leibler divergence: negative values?
Simple similarity comparison over time
Why are probability distributions denoted with a tilde?
Confusion related to semisupervised learning in random walk
Questions about acceptance rule of Metropolis algorithm
How to show operations on two random variables (each Bernoulli) are dependent but not correlated?
Trend of a few time points
Choosing between logistic regression and Mann Whitney/t-tests
SVM with only one type of label
Maximum entropy of dice
Ways to reduce high dimensional data for visualization
Adding not chosen alternatives as data to logistic regression model
nth moment, for 0 < n < 1 or n <0, do they exist?
How to handle this 3 equation SEM?
Permutation paired test with signed statistic
When the response variable is a proportion (r/n) in proc logistic, how to express the model in terms of $\pi, \alpha, \beta$?
How do you detect if a given dataset has multivariate normal distribution?
How to use libSVM for one-class SVM problems?
Code Problem in Lognormal Bayesian Model in JAGS/WinBUGS
Comparison of Cox models
Determining whether two samples come from the same population and which hypothesis test is appropriate
Why can a polynomial of degree $>2$ not be a cumulant generating function?
Choosing c such that log(x + c) would remove skew from the population
I want to know how independent two variables are
Interpreting regression coefficients and economic significance
What is the difference between ordinal regression and ranking?
optimal choice of smooth.spline parameter?
Sample analysis
Is there any identification assumption for IV?
Highly Collinear Independent Variables of Interest
conditional mean
How do I interpret the results of a regression which involves interaction terms?
Regression coefficients without intercept
Independence of errors assumption in paired & independent samples t-test
Deducing a single variance from a covariance matrix
Using Student or Wilcoxon test on small sample without information on the normality of distribution
Probability of getting ace after getting a king
Sufficient, Complete Sufficient, UMVUE, Rao-Blackwell, Admissible. What are ties between these?
Test for effects of two categorical variables on a binary response variable?
List of situations where a Bayesian approach is simpler, more practical, or more convenient
P values and t statistics?
How to calculate chi squared from mauchly of R's ezANOVA output?
Error of generalized classifier performance
What does a large t-statistic mean?
What is point-wise variance?
bag of words in an online configuration, for classification / clustering
Validation of flow cytometer (Facs Canto II)
Use coefficient of variation (CV) to compare precision testing results
Sparse matrix representation of a spline interpolation
Best practice when analysing placebo-controlled within-subject designs (cross-over trial)
simple repeated measures syntax - lme vs. lmer
Sources for learning (not just running) statistics/math through R
Are Measurements made on the same patient independent?
What can I conclude about "lack of fit"?
What helps (justification) to decide cut score/cutoff points for 5-point likert scale?
Any reference book for the axiom of indifference or insufficient reason
Covariance of INID order statistics
How to put $$ around numbers in R?
How does confidence interval vary with sample size?
Whether to use linear regression or not
How to actually plot a sample tree from randomForest::getTree()?
Timeseries regression
Compare Regression Coefficients
Comparing two Naives Bayes Classifiers (using different features of the same data) and using incremental k-fold cross-validation
poisson vs logistic regression
Least Squares Estimators' Forms
Creating formula object for coxph()
Very easy question : Sample Variance
How to decide whether to reuse old code or reinvent the wheel?
Interpreting "elliptic" shape in visualization of high-dimensional dataset, e.g. COIL-20?
Consider the sum of $n$ uniform distributions on $[0,1]$, or $Z_n$. Why does the cusp in the PDF of $Z_n$ disappear for $n \geq 3$?
Simple MLE Question
What type of tool/statistic should I use to inspect two misaligned time series of different granularity?
Does any one know what is the P value when F=37.45; df1=5; df2=40 in a one way anova F test?
Bayesian absolute loss function
Repeated measure ANOVA
Performing correlation analysis on a variable with separate count columns
Is there any dataset or api that gives a list of infrequent words?
What to do after removing autocorrelation and heteroscedasticity in eviews?
Which test should I use for comparing the change of two samples‏
Most effective use of colour in heat/contour maps
Estimate of $\sigma^2$ in a simple linear regression when $H_0: \beta = 0$ is true
Help on Regression Analysis (ROC, multinomial)
Prejudice in blind test
Controlling type I error in permutation tests
What is the difference between GARCH and ARMA?
Mixed model runs well in R whereas a random effect has only one level
Linear contrast OLS - Simultaneous
How to cluster standard errors (by country) using SPSS?
Expectation notations
Reject or retain the null hypotheses with insufficient data
Evaluation method when using a large training set and a small test set
Free data set for comparing kernel logistic regression and regular logistic regression
Hypothesis testing for Pareto distributions
Logistic regression: big difference in predicted values and highly significant, but poor goodness of fit
Intuition and uses for coefficient of variation
Formal way of defining a weighted average
How can I model a proportion with BUGS/JAGS/STAN?
Regarding precision and recall for the highly unbalanced validation data set
Can a confounding variable be correlated with the DV and not the IV?
How to get the prediction values for two response variables from random forest?
Ordinal regression with categorical covariates and predictors
Model comparison
Resampling and Huber-White
Hypothesis testing with the geometric distribution
Variance of sample median
Significant regression for the dichotomised predictor variable and not the continuous version of a predictor variable?
Specification and interpretation of interaction terms using glm()
Interpret regression coefficients after WLS
Confusion related to the bagging technique
How do I compute sales forecasts?
Newey-West standard errors with cross-sectional OLS?
Fisher Distance for feature selection
Calculating similarity and clustering question
What does the z-score mean in plain English (in A/B split testing)?
Bootstrapping robust regression
What is a 'bagplot', or 'bivariate boxplot'?
Anscombe transform & Anderson-Darling test failure
Covariance and Correlation in Regression Model
Quantile regression and heteroscedasticity/autocorrelation
Can I apply a t-test to normalized data?
Article recommendation dataset
Hierarchical models for multiple comparisons - multiple outcomes context
Learning from relational data
Factoring in self selection bias
Notation of a resampled mean
Poisson process thinning females and males arriving
comparison of sets of binary sequences
Sensible to include ratio as a variable in logistic regression?
Computing confidence region for Gaussian mixture model
Output of one-tailed Wilcoxon sign rank test in R
Classifiers with post-training constraints on the prediction space
How is a prediction interval generated for many input observations?
Legitimate IV for panel?
Can I use bootstrapping, why or why not?
Normalization of likelihood
Imputation of missing response variables
Sign flipping when adding one more variable in regression and with much greater magnitude
Entropy (individuals equally high on all items vs. high on only few items)
How to interpret coefficients of a multivariate mixed model in lme4 without overall intercept?
Simple question Maximum Likelihood
Confidence Interval of estimator for the exponential distribution
Book recommendations for biostatisticians in CRO and pharmacy
How does further dividing the population increase confidence?
How to understand a note for the distribution of the sample for confidence interval?
Expected number of winners in this basket-like betting game?
Contrasts in repeated mesures ANOVA in R
How well can multiple regression really "control for" covariates?
Hypothesis testing with very high z value
logistic regression always yielding increasing f'n when should sometimes be decreasing (using R)
How do you show explained variation in cforest?
Null hypothesis rejection with Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Convention for symbols indicating statistical significance?
Logistic Regression model keeps kicking out 1 dummy
Correlations over 6yrs higher than any individual 1yr correlation over the same period
How to do ANOVA write-up when there is no significant effect at all?
How to calculate the 'loss' in information when decreasing sample size?
Why the data should be resampled under null hypothesis in bootstrap hypothesis testing?
Why does increasing the number of features reduce performance?
Generate correlated AR process for given correlation between demand series
What is the "root MSE" in Stata?
Prediction results for two response variable from random forest
In R, why are results different for 1-tailed wilcoxsign_test, wilcox_test, and wilcox.exact with paired data?
Which statistical test to test if counts from different populations are actually different? t-test versus chi-squared
How and why do normalization and feature scaling work?
Non-Parametric Test controlling for third variable
Do I discuss the lack of interaction if I already discussed lack of main effects?
Book on data modeling
Is the Wilcoxon paired rank test appropriate for this data?
What are pure random sampling and orthogonal sampling?
When to use robust standard errors in Poisson regression?
What is the relationship between substitution cost matrix and indel costs?
Are there any good popular science book about statistics or machine learning?
An analytical framework for considering the geometric mean
Getting positive definite matrix for chol update
R fitting Poisson distribution with weighting
Attainable correlations for lognormal random variables
Vector error correction model
Are there any ways to glean useful analysis information from a comments field?
Time consistency of interaction effect in GLM
Server Monitoring
What alternatives are there for dataset reduction beside the random sampling?
What level to use when comparing subjects in a hierarchical Bayesian analysis?
What test/method is suited for analysing and modeling answers from a survey?
Latent Variables
How to compute sample variance?
Small n: non-parametric or parametric tests?
Choosing which data-point to label (active learning)
Can lack of main effect and lack of interaction be caused by the same confound?
Random sampling (Real data) is so important, why?
R libraries for deep learning
Summarizing k-fold cross validation results
Mann-Whitney test with ties
Negative binomial regression does not converge
ANOVA variable that is both BETWEEN & WITHIN
Non-metric multidimensional scaling with dichotomous independent variables?
Causation implication
Compilation error in JAGS
What makes a GLM estimate the means differently from the actual sample means?
How to set the non-centrality parameter of the chi-squared distribution in terms of sample size for a power calculation
Bayesian Updating for a Discrete Rating Value
Computation of Maximization probabilities of the EM algorithm
Finding mean when class sizes are unequal
Using an example, show that $C$ does not have to be a field
Interpretation of intercept in ANCOVA
Why can't Bayesian variable selection be used with categorical variables with more than 2 levels?
Efficiency and the number of regressors?
Formatting graphs and figures: why and when is it bad to include horizontal lines?
Growing a classification tree manually
Random forests with bagging and range of feature values
What statistics to use when the data are polynomial functions (aka change over time)?
How to return means from Effects package?
Drawing without replacement with a twist
Independence of mutually exclusive dummies in same regression?
Confidence interval for proportions
Can statistics based on crude units of measure be improved?
Algorithm convergence with logistic classifier
What are the red lines in quantile regression plot (quantreg package)?
Framework for reinforcement learning for games
Average of rate of change in a set of independent change events
Old empirical research that is wrong in light of modern theoretical work
Probability error - binary message
How to calculate "Paths to the White House" using R?
How to do repeated measures ANOVA for two groups in SPSS and 12 time points?
Best way to classify hierarchical data
How to test for differences between two group means when the data is not normally distributed and the sample size is small?
Calculating eta squared from F and df
highly correlated features and high ranking
Classification error is lower when I don't do any learning on the dataset?
PCA eigenvectors with dimensionality reduction
Computing marginals on a graphical model in Python
What prior distributions could/should be used for the variance in a hierarchical bayesisan model when the mean variance is of interest?
Difference between two groups of unequal age
Confusion related to likelihood
What are complete sufficient statistics?
Dirichlet posterior
High kurtosis and bad skewness
Generating non-zero binomial probabilities (n,k ) with small p and large n - k
Bayesian hypothesis testing and Bayes factors
