How might I create a wallet on behalf of newbie's, then handoff securely, to help them get started quickly with Stellar?
How to sign TransactionEnvelope and post TransactionEnvelope to Horizon Server using Stellar Java SDK
Problem with bridge-server ERRO[0062] seen every 60 sec
Should an address be restricted from sending unlimited XLM to itself?
What does it mean with "surge pricing in effect" at Stellar-Core?
How to get trust limit of asset?
Making offer gives error: TypeError: opts.selling.toXDRObject is not a function
How do I see trustline subentries in an account?
Order doesn't match in Stellar
preAuthTx - matching transactions
Issue with Submit Transaction
Cannot transfer money on standalone network
How should federation servers find each other?
Bonds on Stellar, can we make a use case?
Core full catchup time to completion
Can different assets on Stellar be associated with one another programmatically?
Balance of sender is not updating when send custom assets to receiver
Info on metrics
What is the proper way to use federated addresses to send funds?
Good methods for Stress Test to prevent tx_bad_seq?
Bifrost not updating events after ether sent to address warning error thrown
Simple Transaction Issue
How do I verify an asset that I've created on the Stellar Transaction builder?
Unable to save data using Horizon on private testnet
Getting the 'offerId' on a new Offer and any documentation on 'xdr.ManageOfferOp'?
Can't close server stream
When issuing a new verified asset is there anything beyond hosting a stellar.toml file I should be sure to do?
How can I direct stellar laboratory to my own instance of horizon?
How to use MANUAL_CLOSE in core config?
Trades stream setup
How does the Stellar Network prevent an actor with small quorum intersection from halting the network
How to extract the public address from the private seed in python?
Stellar Horizon not synchronizing
Stellar failure safety with UNSAFE_QUORUM false
java sdk leaking threads; my fault or bug?
Private Testnet 404 issue
How to serialize, send over network, deserialize a transaction envelope for multiple signatures?
How to add a signature using Ledger Nano
Should Every Node Contain The Same Quorum Set Configuration?
Python Stellar SDK Test Net
When do validators know to push the data from the latest ledger to archive nodes?
Paying with XLM for Stellar tech help
Browsing Stellar's history archive
How to remove 2FA from launch.stellar.org login
Bifrost JS Listener
How to verify a Transaction?
How to get a transaction records within a day
operation bump sequence status
TX_BAD_AUTH_EXTRA at submiting a transaction
Adding a custom stellar token to other exchanges
For 'txBadSeq', when is tx_fee charged?
What happens to trustline to account that has been merged?
Where is an accurate source for XLM to USD exchange rate?
Freezing assets in Stellar
ELI5: The XDR format
Is it possible to have several issuers of an Asset?
Can somebody explain pricing like I'm 5?
What can cause horizon to have incomplete data?
How do I retrieve the source account, memo, and amount using python?
Error trying to use stellar-sdk in the browser
HTTP end point error while try to run in Testnet port
Convert XDR to text
Setting Data with the Go SDK
How to sign the XDR transaction envelop and and post it through java sdk?
Horizon import failed (Integer type error?)
What is HorizonRequestError error 11?
Testnet vs. Public Net specific Federation Servers
When A sends a signed transaction to B, is the data operation visible in the transaction ?
What's networkPassphrase used for?
Account address string length always 56?
Are federated Stellar Addresses (username*domain.tld) universally supported?
Do I need to run Stellar-core and horizon to conduct crowdsale?
Constant retry to publish queued checkpoints
How could I distinguish contributors on crowdsale?
Is it possible to fully sync Stellar node without history archive access?
How do I construct The Horizon postgresql string to connect to a unix socket
Stellar Bridge not POSTing callbacks with mac_key configured
Bifrost gives Internal server error 500
Where can I find history files structure (transactions and ledger files specifically)?
Which C# SDK is suitable for development , Quantoz or Elucidsoft?
Amount in XDR is negative. Why?
Bifrost Ethereum Addresses
Which wallets are supporting SEP-0007
Why are overspending transactions added to the ledger?
Exit Stellar app on Ledger Nano S
Stellar port verification still not sure why it’s not verified?
Horizon gives 504 after firing many transactions
Messaging over Stellar - Is that right to do?
How can I create a FIAT credit directly from a bank account?
How to decode XDR of the result_xdr
Stellar Bridge doesn't receive transactions with non native assets
List All Un-authrorized Truslines
How return a state after sumbit a transaction [JavaScript]
Master key weight set to 0
The operation couldn’t be completed. stellarsdk.StellarSDKError error 0
How can I create a real account using the stellar Horizon API?
Question about 'extra_memo' field in the Bridge Server for the Compliance Protocol
What to do about the rate limit exceeded problem?
Stellar Federation Address "not found or invalid"
Fill or Kill (FOK) offers on Stellar?
Setting Expiration Time for Offers on Stellar?
Streaming API not working?
Best way to test maximum possible TPS on private network?
Question on offers on Distributed Exchange
Could not complete "horizon db init" exec failed: pq: unrecognized configuration parameter "lock_timeout"
Bifrost is NOT listening to incoming transaction
stellar core docker address in use
Internal error on trades API
Trusting non-native asset distribution
How multisignature in a transaction can be implemented?
Questions about SCP and federated voting steps, with a focus on the Internet-Draft
stellar docker and nginx reverse proxy
How to get Transaction amount from API?
Merge account holding custom assets of same issuerer
Where can i find info on the meaning of each metric of the core?
Transaction, Operations, and Payments
Securing Stellar node
Stream stop get new data when finishing fetch all data and new payment was created
How was the first stellar account created?
How to initialize the blockchain?
FATAL when switching from test network to public network on stellar-core
Python vs Java(script) for stellar apps. Is it worth learning a new language?
How to identify unique token in an asset?
Is there a way to get a list of payments on account along with the transaction memo?
How should I retrieve a BTC asset from NaoBTC?
What is asymptotic security and why does Stellar, but not POW exhibit this?
Why does the high level threshold level for quorum have to be above 66%?
How to setup time bounds for an escrow account?
Can the Horizon Server be hacked?
Bifrost not receiving events when connected to the Ropsten network
Account information at a given ledger number
Collect funds from bifrost after an ICO
Unable to set optional 'Source Account' on 'Manage Data' operation
Is it possible to delete assets I've just created?
How to use stellar define a ERC721 like asset
How to query transaction history of a special kind of asset
Horizon waiting for Stellar-core to sync
How a new created token to be listed on Stellarterm directory?
Is the Stellar Consensus Protocol paper peer reviewed?
How to move assets from one account to another account?
How can I encode transaction specific information on the ledger, after it has been made?
Error in transaction creation
TX_BAD_AUTH, no idea why
How to check if a custom currency cannot longer be issued
Stellar: How to pay the account using custom asset?
How can I validate a Stellar address?
How to check Trustline Authorized Flag?
Smart contract Signing agent
Who hosts and maintains Stellar Horizon server?
Is there a minimal implementation of Stellar Consensus Protocol besides stellar-core?
How does node discovery work?
Do I recover my .5 lumens when changing trust to delete a trustline?
Java SDK: Transaction object from envelope
Freezing unauthorized tokens
Why does the first ledgers xdr file contains only 63 ledgers?
Do sequential secret seeds create a security risk?
How do I generate an xPub using stellar SDK?
Nominate --> Prepare --> Commit --> Externalize question
Can you create an account with a non-native asset
How do you join the Stellar Slack channel
Creating an intermediate token on Stellar
Can't see the history of an account that paid me
Compliance Server Request
How does Java parse XDR information?
Can I do a multi recipient transaction for a custom token?
Submitting many transactions in Node.js Error 400
Stellar logs are getting bigger and bigger
Ledger Blue and Ledger Live
Is it possible to retrieve last N transactions or all transactions since a given timestamp?
Stellar Validators, Transaction fees, Inflation fees.
(Dup for different SDK) How can I build a transaction with a dynamic list of mutators or operations using the JS SDK?
Why is the memo hash different from the one I specify during tx building?
using stellar-sdk in angular
Secured ways to check if a node is up working?
(SCP) When does a node get its higher-layer software's input?
Trading error 400, what's the problem?
How to get status of historical ledgers synced after setting CATCHUP_COMPLETE=true
How do I locally manage sequence no of an account?
Why do stellar transactions require a sequence number?
Expected behavior of omitting path attribute in Path Payment
Difference between Stellar Ledger and Blocks
Effects of a stellar-core node running on too slow hardware?
Bifrost for altcoins?
How to compute for fees in multi currency transaction
Get the operation record of a payment
Error when including 2 deps that both have stellar-base as a subdependency
How to find cursor of a specific timestamp?
Help - why can’t I synch stellar core?
Check wallet balance via API
How does a node discover the quorums that it is in?
MEMO N/A after submitting to bridge endpoint /builder
Federation server installer
How do I get the public keys from a transaction javascript
How to sign transaction offline with go sdk?
Notify every new ledger
SCP. Does non-intersecting quorums have different ledgers?
How many Lumens would I have to get in order to create a custom token?
Testnet vs Livenet addresses
How Do I "distribute" multiple times?
Muliti Signature with hash(x) in goLang SDK
Testing Stellar for high volume of operations per second
Asset not verified
Order of trade executions inside the last closed ledger
Federation Database Setup
Is there a library for stellar equivalent to web3js for Ethereum?
Pruning and keeping disk usage low
minTime must be >= maxTime ? Java SDK
How do you use the stellar quickstart without docker?
Error when trying to install stellar-sdk from npm, "LINK : fatal error LNK1181: cannot open input file 'C:\OpenSSL-Win64\lib\libe ay32.lib'"
Is it possible to make a request to an account other than "Friendbot" to receive Lumens?
Federation Server Error 1054: Unknown column 'domain' in 'where clause'
create a stellar application without installing stellar core in local system
Why is XLM considered to be the most liquid asset on the stellar network?
Problems creating a payment
How the transaction history of an account including the amounts sent/received in the transaction be viewed using horizon?
TimeBounds won't execute?
How to use the Stellar SDK API Reference?
KELP cannot find package...build failed
How a new node trusts another node in the network
Lost ledger data: what is the proper way to shutdown and restart a node?
How does the Stellar protocol ensure a network doesn't have disjoint quorums?
How should the changeTrust Operation be used?
Compliance Setup Configuration
Asset with limited inflation
Is a payment returned through horizon api call: "Payments for Account" always "confirmed"?
How can I set the value of the ID parameter in Compliance API POST :internal_port/send?
Is it possible to submit transactions to Stellar Core directly without Horizon?
Looking for Stellar Bifrost developers for setting up BiFrost properly
Upgrading core protocol version (docker quickstart, standalone)
Is Horizon semi-centralized?
A complete catchup of the testnet keeps failing on verifying ledger
How to let users decide between transactions
tx_too_early / Timebounds use
Can we encrypt stellar memo text with receiver's public key and sender's private key?
Horizon Error 6
Can we add more fields on stellar?
Dynamic amount of operation
What is the syntax of the 'tx' (transaction) command, to execute a transaction?
Catching up stellar-core ledger can't be synched
Distinction between signers.key and signers.public_key in Account response
Need a federation sever if the business is using a single deposit address?
Stellar TimeLock for Birthday Gift
Where is the '.well-known' folder located?
What is an easy way to create a transaction on multiple wallets at once?
What's the business model for being an anchor?
How can I take money from a customer's account?
aws architecture recommendations for stellar
Random crash upon calling KeyPair.random() on android
get Transaction object from xdr base64 string
Why does this SSE stream go stale?
How to Build transaction XDR before sign it
Is Stellar platform a blockchain?
How to implement OTC trading of Stellar assets?
How does stellar get the information from a stellar.toml?
Verifying a transaction
How do you access horizon on a web browser?
How to resolve 500 Internal Server Error on /transactions/<hash>/operations?
Retrieving operations for a transaction unexpectedly slow?
compliance server error when trying to access stellar.toml file
paymentsRequest.stream
Legal Question before going live
Difference Between Horizon Commands
Key pairs don't match?
Backfilling nodes that have ledger gaps
Error while transaction submission in the private network
Do Stellarterm and Stellarport recognise some or none of the federated addresses?
Core breaks after upgrade to 10.0.0
Where should the stellar-core root account seed be stored?
Encrypting message gives error : throw new TypeError('unexpected type ' + t + ', use Uint8Array');
How to derive a number of open Offers for a transaction set that hasn't been fully submitted to the network yet
What are the http status codes for unsupported federation query
Using Stellar for a non-financial private network
Horizon Database Size / Are there very large indexes (yet)?
Is it possible to set up a virtual machine(like evm for smart contracts ) using stellar consensus protocol?
Stellar address prefix bitwise operator rationale
Is there a way to watch for balance?
How can I actually use the js-stellar-sdk?
Stellar-core performance and resource usage
Enable https for horizon in the docker-stellar-core-horizon quickstart template
Updating `stellar.toml` contents
How can cyclic quorum ever come to a consensus?
Does stellar takes fee for resolving a federated address?
Who creates the ballot?
Problem installing bitbucket.org/ww/goautoneg for Stellar go using dep ensure -v
ManageOfferOperation - Not taking the price I set
Does each node maintain a global ledger?
Stellar Java SDK: Retrieve Account Data
Can't continue stellar-core sync. Stuck in Joining SCP
Docker image installation private network detailed instructions
Is there any way of knowing total transactions count (pagination)?
Channel concept in stellar
hash(x) signer in lightning network
What does this mean: "Ledger N (hash) closed and could NOT be fully validated by validator"
Horizon returns 404 when trying to query accounts/{ID}/payments
Stellar Core node is typically behind SDF by 20 to 100 ledgers
Dropping peer, but peer seems to be fine
Are federations servers connected with each other directly?
Stellar standalone and network fees
How to create and fund a stellar account on live network?
History buckets not found in history.stellar.org
How can I do asymmetric encryption and decryption?
What is a trigger ledger?
How to access AssetResponse properties of a newly created asset? C# or Java
Seeing and using multiple order books on an asset?
Best practices for Stellar core settings KNOWN_PEERS, PREFERRED_PEERS and PREFERRED_PEER_KEYS
EventStream api only return new transactions
Geting signer of a signature
Create an account on a private stellar network
How does account creation work?
How does network passphrase work?
How to cash out a currency?
How to properly set `baseReserve` & `baseFee` to 0
How to be a Stellar Anchor?
Stellar Core from Source vs. Stellar Core from Container
How to expose a Horizon URL
Stellar all address has no data
Could consensus period be changed?
error accessing path: buckets/tmp
Difference between full & basic validators
White paper hashing clarification
Creating an account, adding a trust line and transferring the asset in a single transaction
Minimum account balance Changed?
When a lower tier quorum comes to its own consensus
How to changing port on stellarterm?
How did the Stellar Blockchain Network start?
Why do request with the SDK work without starting a local Node?
Dynamic collection of signatures
Which architecture to use for utility tokens?
How to filter only the most recent n number of operations of an account for only a specific Asset?
Why does the Horizon testnet API not display all of the operations of an account when queried?
What is the minimum balance required to create a trustline between accounts?
What happens when transaction fails to be applied?
Do anchors need to hold lumens for converting to assets or its direct credit trusting the anchor?
MultiSignature doubts
How can I fund my Stellar wallet on the Test Network
Using Stellar for Proof of Existence
Error while submitting change trust transaction
Kelp error placing sell orders
How to create my own operations
Why doesn't Stellar match the other order?
Bridge server receive POST request does not include `request.user` when using client authentication
What are the differences between Ripple and Stellar addresses
What are the message size limitations of stellar consensus protocol?
Stellar Payments: Routing Algorithm
How can I create an account in a private network?
Non-fungible tokens?
How does a typical Stellar end-user distinguish between assets with same 4 or 12 digit code?
How does the trade id relate to the effect id?
Stellar-core failing to initialize history archives to S3
How to add nodes to my private network?
Fully uninstall Stellar from Ledger S
What is done to create a stellar AccountID aside from the generated raw secret and derived pub/priv key?
How do I add a custom PriceFeed from the SDEX exchange
How do the AMOUNT_SPREAD parameters for the kelp balanced strategy result in profit?
`LEDGER_MAX_TX_SIZE` and `5` seconds `EXP_LEDGER_TIMESPAN_SECONDS` gives only `20` tx per second?
What is the difference between FAILURE_SAFETY and QUORUM_THRESHOLD?
How to issue a dividend in Stellar?
Why is my node not validating?
Kelp - managing spread
how to trace the state of a transaction after submit?
How to check total supply of a trust-line based asset on the Stellar network?
Using Escrow with Stellar
How much does it cost to exchange 100 USD for EURs on Stellar Network?
How does Kelp's balanced strategy react to the account receiving funds?
Did Stellar's public Horizon Server Changes its rate limit?
Steps for Horizon to Ingest Stellar-Core from ledger 1, after `horizon db clear`?
Transaction created_at and ledger close time
horizon not syncing
SSL error setting up tables in stellar_bridge database
How do I see my native asset in the stellar explorer?
Cannot sync data from network after stop node for long time
Encrypt some string with several Public Keys and decrypt with any of Private key?
Convert transaction XDR to object?
How to get account historical balances?
What's the maximum number of signers for a given account?
Why is amount an integer in manage_offer operation?
How can I determine if a transaction is confirmed, pending or successful after submitting to the Stellar network?
How Do I Get Token Rate For Accepting Payment?
Time-based wallet in Laboratory
How to check if a transaction went through?
How to burn tokens with unlimited supply in Stellar?
Encrypt with Public Key and decrypt with Private Key using elliptic-curve cryptography
Where is the secret key for the standalone network?
Why stellar required XLM to activate account
Trustline for account purchasing an asset on an exchange
How to do make the minimum XLM deposit upon account creation
stellar-core can be controlled via the commands (No config file FILE found)
Can "Bump Sequence" potentially lock an account?
Best practice for issuing a new asset and locking an account
How to decode stellar XDR
Sharing transaction to more than one co- signers to get sign
Why Stellar has totalCoins in every ledger header?
How do I keep track of payments to multiple address
Is the Horizon Testnet Currently down?
Why are some operations missing when I query operations by account?
Retrieving order book from Stellar Network has been blocked by Cloudflare
What is "Account ID" in Stellar terms?
I found ID of account merge and the lumens are missing
How do I verify the sender balance is not more than sending amount (Stellar Compliance)
How to remove Stellar local node setup completely?
How to carry out compliance for transactions between customers using single compliance server?
transaction is not submitting on stellar network!
Subscribing to incoming transaction does not work
Perpetual preemption attack
How to keep account balance up to date in wallet app
Getting error on direct http tx call to stellar core
How to create Mintable tokens on Stellar network?
Is it possible to change the asset issuer?
How much does it cost to issue my own custom token on Stellar?
How do I install Stellar-core?
Is it possible to create a set of wallets with mutual trustlines for an asset that I issue?
Managing stellar customer accounts via federation and memo field, good practices?
Using S3 as Archive for Standalone Node
horizon orderbook calls using py-stellar-base
is it possible to perform multiple payment operation in single transaction?
Canceling the transaction
How to do Multiple ICO for an Asset with KYC support?
Path payment accounting
Transaction Stream parameter and method not recognized
Multi-sign transaction is not working
Why do we receive an undefined Event error when streaming payments via the node.js sdk?
Is the seed stored inside the database associated with the core?
How to prevent users from burning custom tokens?
Not able to sign the transaction
Can a transaction be successful in a 2-node private Stellar Network?
Multi-Sign Withdraw payment
Payment operation listener firing off multiple times for single operation
What are the good configurations for having a running cluster of 3 nodes?
How can i decode and get relevant data from envelope_xdr
monitoring stellar
From where is the transaction fee for a custom token (build on Stellar) that is charged by Stellar Network?
Send Lumens and receive custom tokens in a single transaction?
Horizon API not showing history of ledger
Why do transactions sent by a channel account do not appear in the operations history for the source account?
Testing custom asset with trustlines that must be allowed - can't send tokens from distribution account
Error "missing path" while running 'gulp test' in js-stellar-base
Token units in whole number
Extra 0 byte at end of MemoText String
How can i get the base reserve for stellar?
XLM historical price API
How can I fund a wallet on dev.stellarx?
How do you explain variation in ledger close times?
Can you view transactions that are queued up for the next ledger?
What is the maximum tps achievable by Stellar?
Getting error "XDR Write Error: undefined is not a Hyper" when trying to create XDR for custom operation
Own stellar horizon is not showing data prior to own instance launch date
Who can become an anchor and how are compliance fields validated?
How to extract transaction hash out of XDR using Java Script?
How much should I pay nodes?
Getting transactions history for account
Using QR code on my stellar account with memo
Issuing new token in an ICO, is there any option to transfer some percentage of tokens to some other stellar account?
What is the default inflation destination of my account?
Stellar Java Sdk key validation?
Does Stellar Laboratory query the DB, when it tries to get the Sequence Number?
What are "LedgerEntry objects" and "Asset pairs" in relation to Stellar Core Configuration?
How does Stellar manage to cut the cost of remittances?
How should one decide how many and which nodes to select in the quorum set when configuring a Stellar Core Node
Stellar-Core won't sync anymore: "Replay failed: mismatched ledger hash"
Change stellar quickstart docker from ephemeral to persistent without shutting it down
Role of Anchors and real peer-to-peer
Limiting the size of local buckets on the core
Chaining transactions
How to tell if sequence number has been incremented from transaction post response
Timeout after 6000ms after submitting a transaction
Main account for our exchange
Force transaction to be with memo ID
Receiving ETIMEOUT 104.20.58.10:443 error when request to `horizon.stellar.org`
Stellar Blockexplorer API call for looking up exact amount transferred
How do I just get specific fields when displaying transactions for a given account?
Get all accounts and sort by balance
how to transfer XLM from licensed Exchanges to inactive account?
If stellar-core maintains the data, how to view the deleted data
Deprecated Commands in Core 10.1.0?
How to pass in a different config file when running a stellar quickstart docker container?
Create Multiple Trustlines Upon Account Creation
Do transactions store information on when they were created?
Payment to inactive account
Understanding the flow of stellar with federation server
Merging account ACCOUNT_MERGE_DEST_FULL error case
Setting the network interface for core?
History configuration? (404s)
Threshold - Transaction processing meaning?
Trades end point not working
(SOLVED) - Error when sending money (C++ QT SDK)
Testnet vs Livenet differences for ManageData Op
Issue during Stellar core setup
Facing issue while syncing nodes when CATCHUP_COMPLETE flag is set to true
Problem of implementation of Path Payment in a Wallet?
Send payment issue
Getting an old build and set up stellar core
Which uses more server resources, Horizon or Core? And is more CPU or RAM intensive?
How does a stellar node know that node its communicating with is definitively in or outside its quorum group?
horizon.stellar.org | 504: Gateway time-out errors are FREQUENT!
Are there any publicly available horizon servers or do you always have to run your own private servers?
How is a client determined for rate limiting? Is it some sort of client ID? based on account that pays fees?
How to set correct hostname in Horizon?
How stellar prevent DDoS
Understanding how nodes catch up
What is cause of the spike in tx_bad_seq ? Presumably overloaded stellar network
How to correctly generate a transaction sequence number for a private Stellar network?
Version devel while setting up horizon in local
core binding to localhost instead of ip address
Stellar-core not syncing on testnet after restart. Missing Buckets not being retrieved
postgres PANI[0000] connect failed: pq: role "root" does not exist pid=13863, postgres v 9.5 - Horizon
How to properly update stellar-xdr and recreate docker image of stellar-horizon?
How can I close a Stellar Account?
How do I disable rate limiting on my local Horizon server?
I'm really confused on the rate limit... Horizon.env has just an hourly rate limit (72000 in docker image). But http headers claim it is 100/sec?
Sent transaction with incorrect memo. Now won't deliver
Issue while creating account
client_name=undefined client_version=undefined in horizon logs
Creating a stellar account and activating it
Asset endpoint returns 404 on standalone network
How to use Stellar to Build International Remittance app
Are transactions validated by anchors, and how are they rewarded?
Partial Catch-up on Validator nodes
Partial vs Complete Catchup: what are the differences in terms of security?
Recurring payments or subscriptions
Nomination protocol differences between implementation and specification
Collecting Core metrics
How to catch specific error code on JS SDK connecting to horizon
Is Stellar Laboratory broken? only shows my XLM balance, not my USD balance (logging in with ledger nano)
Stellar Test Network - periodically purged?
Anyone else seeing an error with stellar-dotnet-sdk (AccountResponse - accountId cannot be null)?
How does Stellar-Core handle multiple archives in a secure manner?
Friendbot url - Horizon
Check with simple API request if account has received prior transactions
How does stellar-notifier work?
How to handle docker container restarts with persistent data and missing buckets
DEX and settlement
Should I start with docker quickstart or stellar core? Any difference?
tx_bad_seq error when funding the account
Stellar's Quorum Structure
Unable to create wallet due to issuer issue
Why can a MultiSig transaction fail on too many signers?
Example code on Ubuntu+node.js gives error re "await"
My stellar-core can't run on the Public
peer's txhistory table is not updating after making payment
If one operation is wrong then the whole transaction is wrong
Why transaction operation "op_malformed"?
Why in the stellar network the price for 1 transaction and 1 operation is not equal to the price for 1 transaction and 100 operation?
Unable to get sequence number
How to listening new XLM transaction for multiple accounts
Framework for a hello world application
How to interpret the output of the assets endpoint
How to list all unique contracts on the network?
Error: XDR Write Error: not an integer while issuing the asset in stellar network
How to evaluate trustlines?
How to configure Horizon response _links.href values to use https?
What tool is used for browser interactivity?
Preventing knock-off assets
Is there no notion of on-chain deploy on Stellar?
Stellar core log: idle timeout and connectHandler error: Operation aborted
stellar-core on CentOS 7 - systemd issue
Can an account hold multiple assets?
Dynamic Quorum set configuration for master node - Add / Remove Validators
Network maintenance & maintaining archive
Could not get test funds on stellar laboratory
Python: Retrieve Offer_id from a manage offer operation?
Huge temporary bucket files created - and then destroyed on all cores. Is this normal?
Memo in manageoffer
Compliance Protocol for B2C
How to decode Core DB Account.Signers using the stellar js-sdk
Escrow account releases funds imediately when configuring lock-in period
Stellar scalability to 4000 tx/s
Token/Custom Assets Creation Documentation
Is Operation Id unique?
Federation servers and address binding
How do I test out the DEX in a standalone network?
How is the weekly inflation calculated?
Are sponsored transactions available?
What field should I use to get current block number
What's (number of lumens in existence) in inflation? It needs clarification
How to set managed data on an account
How to configure package stellar-horizon-postgres?
Unable to store archive in s3 bucket
Can the docker quickstart allow me to test out "becoming an anchor"?
Using SDF's Horizon server for Production Systems
Do I Need to fund Stellar with Lumens for custom token based wallets too?
Custom assets balance of sender is not updating in stellar
What is the origin of an account's initial sequence number
Paying with Custom Tokens
Connecting private set of quorum of 3 nodes on stellar test network
Can I format the TOML file to include line breaks and website links
History Archive Configuration for Private Networks
YAML Configuration Template Issue
Exception while send Transaction using Java stellar SDK "TimeBounds has to be set or you must call setTimeout(TIMEOUT_INFINITE)"
How do private network upgrades work?
"No converter found for return value of type: class org.stellar.sdk.requests.TransactionsRequestBuilder" when getting transaction history
Stellar_core_commander: Getting an exception trying to run "scc -r base.rb"
SCC: why are there 2 SQL files?
Retrieve transaction memo text with Java API
op_cross_self - while making a new offer
How to create an account on a private network?
error when trying to use stellar-hd-wallet (Node.js)
Select failed: pq: relation "signers" does not exist
How to generate public key using SDK in salesforce?
Does AUTO_MAINTENANCE setting clear Horizon DB?
If stellar bridge goes down, how to retrieve previous transactions?
How to post multiple transactions to the network without giving back the same `transaction_hash`?
Error: Signature issues when sending XLM via Ledger Blue
I forgot the MEMO in a transaction
How a custom token be transferred to hard wallets?
Error while installing stellar core
Transaction failure when using Stellar Go SDK
How to relaunch a Testnet node to use the new Testnet after a reset while using the Docker quickstart container?
Submit transaction in Node js Error 400
How to restore database after Stellar testnet reset?
Is it possible to have multiple issuer?
How to update the transaction fees in private network - normally it is 100 stroops
Received an update from the Ledger team regarding Stellar withdrawl, they are claiming it is an issue with the Stellar network? Can anyone help?
Cannot send hashed data through ManageDataOperation
Fork stellar to create a new blockchain
XLM to USD Path Payment - is 'op_too_few_offers' due to me being on Testnet?
Publishing history to new history archive results in error of loading history state
Friendbot request fails with 400 (Bad Request)
Made few changes in stellar core file. Saved it but cannot see the changes in the new transactions i am performing
History isnt published during catchup, why?
Friendbot bad request (400) invalid_field: "addr"
Technical Consulting
the history-stale-threshold flag - what exactly happens when history is stale?
Why doesn't bump sequence affect the sequence number of the transaction it's included in?
Troubles Setting up Private Stellar Network
How to configure Full Validator node?
Trying to increase integer value of total coins for root account
How to send Lumens to an uninitialised stellar address pragmatically
Error getting auth data by request ID: get failed: get failed: pq: relation \"auth_data\" does not exist
Is all the history of ledgers required for consensus?
Algorithm to find quorum
Why horizon cursors are so obfuscated?
Why Does Stellar Support Authorization-Required Assets?
How to solve "op_cant_change"?
Bridge Message: Asset not allowed
Inflation Destination or public address
Inflation destination address
I need help I forgot the memo
When to accept different value than voted
Why is the /paths endpoint on my custom Horizon deployment abnormally slow?
How does "accept all assets" federated address in Lobstr work?
Mutiple opearations in single transaction
New node is lagging behind the old one
Full LCL error when running private nodes
Lumens are Locked
What is difference between history and bucketlist?
how to connect aws postgres in bridge.cfg
PHP Script to return wallet balance
Trade self-issued coins (no liquidity) on fiat exchange rates
Why failed transactions are not shown in Horizon in any way?
pBFT in closed 100 node setup
Is there any valid reason *not* to set masterWeight=0 on an asset issuing account?
When total coins will exceed beyond its storage data type
Get Account Details Data Missing
Validation of federation server
Unable to sync testnet node
Where is fee deduced from balance in the source code?
Stop Horizon/Stellar node growing disk usage
Two XLM accounts via Ledger
Problem in connecting new node to the network
Some source accounts does not exist when using Stellar laboratory with my private Stellar network
Encoding data in transaction as only objective
Peer getting rejected from the private network
How can I validate a stellar address in Python?
How to create trustline between issuer's account and receivers accounts dynamically?
kelp on Arduino/raspberry pi
Issue assets after certain time
What is the mechanism of Stellar consensus protocol?
Can I change the Path of a Stellar history archive?
Dockerfile for Private stellar network
Does Stellar allow the equivalent of Ethereum's transferFrom / erc20 token allowance?
Create or recover archive from Postgres core data
Issues in docker-bridge-server setup
How to provide password when running horizon db migrate up command inside docker container?
Kelp for very beginners
Inferring operationID from get transactions stream data
Stellar-core running in Docker container, but not inside supervisorctl. If run in supervisorctl it doesn't use the right config
Stellar validator node
Error in starting multiple test node
How to find inflation allocation date and to which account inflation money got transferred
Run core with catchup complete
Build a payments system using Stellar
Transition from one wallet to another
Not able to find latest data in local test node
SCP Safety Guarantee Question
Getting all offers for a particular Asset (pair)
How to fix withdrawal / deposits limits for a custom asset?
Does weighting votes proportionally to lumens held open the door to rent capture?
Unable to find 5 sec slot timing in code base
How to use stellar path to send 1 USD worth of XLM from source account to destination account
Inflation calculation rule
How to quickstart to pubnet while install SDF package
What is the right way to verify an off-chain transaction with golang?
How to issue an asset of arbitary precision?
Cant find my stellar wallet
Network passphrase of stellar-core (Public Global Stellar Network ; September 2015) does not match Horizon configuration
What is the correct way to unmarshal an encoded transaction for signing
How to setup horizon reverse proxy_pass in nginx in AWS EC2?
Error importing stellar-sdk into angular 8 project
Stellar Beta did not transfer XLM yet charged me twice
Is there any way to send an asset to many wallet addresses at once (batch)?
Stellar channel implementation is giving an error "this.source.sequenceNumber is not a function"
I withdrew my stellar 2x and it failed but Stellar wallet was withdrawn How do I get my cryto back
version information not included when checking ./bin/kelp
stellar withdrawal -
Compliance server does not check receiver's sanctions after 2nd call to fetch_info
Interacting with external apis
stellar testnet drop my stellar core
Is there a health status page for testnet?
Constantly getting timeouts on code almost identical to that in the Stellar Docs
What is hash signing default setting on Nano Ledger?
Where to send a suggestion to rate limit testnet?
GCPVD53G4KMVXSADSANSAW4NEXHN55SYQ5YP7HKKZDP3D43IDHZFLTA7
How to rehydrate a transaction serialized in XDR to a transaction object that can be signed and submitted, with the JavaScript sdk?
How to send a custom token to a exchange stellar wallet, Plz help?
Problems upgrading my old network account to the new network
Delay while streaming payments with GO sdk
Stellar a viable long-term solution to use on my site?
How to clean up PostgreSQL database safely?
Exchanging fiat tether on SDEX
Stuck in "Joining SCP" state with info “Lost track of consensus”
