When are Tezos Rewards Unfrozen?
Node does not start syncing
How to run a baker with ledger (remote signer)
Where can I read the changelog for the Tezos client?
How do I know my password or backup information is not being shared when creating a new wallet?
How do I fix './mainnet.sh status' reporting wrong status of docker containers?
What details should I look into when choosing the right baker to delegate?
How can I create unencrypted addresses?
Would it be possible to find a Derivation path for a public TZ1 address
Time based Delegations possible?
Docker vs local build for baking on mainnet?
Is there any way to get the Tezos binaries latest version?
How to encode a transaction offline？
What is the BigMap container and why does it matter?
Is tezos-node single or multi-threaded?
How to run unit tests?
What is the circulating supply?
How to generate a fake but valid protocol hash?
Running a Baking Node on Azure - any considerations?
Is there a Tezos equivalent of ERC?
What are nonce-revelations?
Wallet using the secure enclave of the iPhone
How to solve Permission denied error on Mac when setting up a Tezos node and running alphanet.sh
Is a 51% attack possible in Tezos?
Language features needed for Marigold
"Unhandled error: Failure backtracked" while trying to creating a contract
tzscan.io Balance on web site differs from their API calls
Is it recommended to be 100% delegated for a baker?
How to receive payments with Velos?
Tezos in BigQuery: blockchain analytics on public data
How to check if remote-signer is working as expected?
Node on Windows?
Basic Syntax for iterating through List Element and processing each of them
Proposal Period Voting style
Who bakes and endorses the blocks for the testnet during proposal?
Why is my faucet wallet on Alphanet not recognized?
Implementation details for PACK and UNPACK
How to upgrade a smart contract?
Why does a transaction contain a storage dump?
Error while signing transaction from remote-signer after updating mainnet.sh script
Issues resetting the ledger HWM
How to derive the tezos public key from the points on the curve (SECP256K1 or P-256)
What is gas on the Tezos network?
Testnet Fork during Testing Period (Cycles 17-24)
Is it possible to 'destroy' a wallet?
How counter grows
Can I quickly see all "priority" baking-rights for a cycle?
Is it possible to have a transaction operation in any operation's "contents"?
When does roll counts update for voting?
RPC query for amendment status
How to manage rewards for small delegators?
Error: Tezos_stdlib__Lwt_pipe.Closed for "ideal front node configuration"
Any current bakechain voting solution?
Smart contract for bakers
Is it possible to run alphanet and zeronet nodes from the same server that is running a mainnet node?
What incentive is there for baking on the test chain during voting period?
My private node is not connecting to the peer mentioned in the start command
Node synchronization
Activating a Alphanet Faucet Wallet Remotely (without tezos-client)
Sotez Forge Method Returns "Type Error: Expected String"
Inject Signed Operation Fails With Unrevealed_Key Error
Where is the protocol change proposal injected?
how to transaction from a KT1 address to another KT1 address?
Trying to understand fitness in the Tezos model
Transaction Failing With: proto.003-PsddFKi3.storage_exhausted.operation
Why won't tezos-client find my Ledger Nano S?
Exact procedure to update the tezos-client to enable voting
tezos-node on a server with multiple NICs, each with a public IP
ppx_traverse_builtins failed
Manually (without a node) construct protocol hash from a folder
Can I transfer a delegated KTZ account from one TZ1 account to another?
Docker Containers Restarting (132), Illegal instruction (core dumped)
Is it possible to run a baker in AWS and secure your keys with AWS CloudHSM
Run Alphanet and Mainnet on the same VPS
How to use RPC to judge whether a PKH is revealed?
Extremely slow node sync on alphanet
Time for bootstrapping a node in alphanet
Private Node keeps disconnecting from public node
Make compilation error
What are the recommended requirements for running a node
Missed my endorsement
Can someone provide list of trusted foundation nodes?
3 public nodes, 1 private. Upcoming testing chain
Ballot RPC message
Node stops with 'Cannot open /dev/urandom' error
How does NOW work?
What is the complexity ratio of Tezos Proof of Stake algorithm compared to the Proof of Work algorithm of Bitcoin?
Energy used to run Tezos
Contract Factories
Contract accepting an ANY type
Local operations vs remote operation
I've got 'export TEZOS_CLIENT_UNSAFE_DISABLE_DISCLAIMER=Y' in my bash profile, why does my tezos disclaimer still show?
ReasonML pattern matching error on tuples
is it possible for tezos-node RPC to authenticate clients with SSL?
Tuples index access via contract's input params
Michelson P2P message encoding
How to set up auto transfer of baking and endorsement rewards to respective delegation accounts?
Can I add metadata to a transfer operation?
Why is an active Abstention/Pass Vote needed?
Recurring "No Ledger found" error by endorser
When setting up a contract, what do the fields mean?
How do I get a list of the transactions of an address using TzScan API v3?
Were bakers supposed to receive any rewards for voting?
Address, Key, and Key Hash
Newbie user is confused
Undelegating on Galleon wallet
Missing blocks for no reason?
How do I vote for a proposal?
What is the adequate fee for a reveal operation?
PRESERVED_CYCLES in Alphanet
Block Structure
How is the liquidity token.liq working
How to check the vote of my delegate?
Error: "inconsistent hash". Workers crash and node is unable to connect to others
Lost deposit from denounciation
How to create a wallet in Ledger Nano S?
How can I remove the double timestamps in journald logs for tezos?
Why run a node in Tezos?
Galleon not showing delegation addresses
What is the current size of the blockchain?
Error: Unix error in write: Socket is not connected
How do I rename address alias in Tezos?
Node re-connection problems
How do I move Tezos blockchain data to a separate partition?
Ignore block : forged too far the past
How to vote in the exploration period?
Nano Ledger and baking
How can I migrate my Tezos baking address to Ledger Nano?
What are checkpoints?
Where can I find the genesis file for mainnet?
My tezos are baking. Now what?
How to find a baker's balance available for bond at the beginning of old cycles?
Building node from source - Library “tls” not found
What exactly will happen if I vote "yay" for the testing phase?
How to become a baker - what are all the technical/financial requirements?
What cloud VPSes do you run your tezos nodes on and is alphanet taking forever to sync for you also?
Has anyone solved the issue of alphanet crashing once it syncs and consistently showing 0 peers?
Error: cannot_parse_bock_header
"estimated_time" on baking right is not constant
Error on activate account alphanet on docker
Deploying a simple contract using liquidity
WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) Ubuntu 18.04 LTS compile Tezos Node
Using Ledger Nano S to bake/endorse. Guide?
Block Withholding Attacks
Can't send my tezos around because of a "transaction failed" error
I got an error after updating node using command line
How to initialize storage using tezos-client
What happens if operation with multiple transactions fail?
Signed bytes and encodedSignature explanation?
Has anyone configured Galleon or TezBox with a local node?
How do I get a list of all delegators of an address using TzScan API v3?
Using Ledger with node to bake
My Baker’s Public Key has changed - baking on my node
How do these accounts differ from each other? tz1 vs tz2 vs tz3
Issues with the Tezos Node CPR script to restart the node after failure
Missing Blocks for Months now - No endorsements present in mempool
What are the new rules for when a KT1 gets destroyed? Or when "--burn-cap" must be used to send funds to a tz1/tz2/tz3 account?
Unlock tezbox only with Ledger Nano S
Single ledger to support multiple bakers?
Why did my baker lose a block?
Forgot password issue
API Access HTML/Javascript problem
How exactly to calculate your next time slot for baking?
How long does it take to sync the entire chain?
Issue with API Request Cycle
Get valid keys/address with ed25519
Priority 5 block baked. How to analyse what happened here?
Error on activating account on docker -alphanet
Tezos as an employer
Activating an account on alphanet using public node
Running a Baker from Shadow Tech
Only 60% of the rewards made by a baker are distributed to its delegators?
Migrating from Source build to Docker
Why is registering ledger with the root key not recommended?
Gas consumption in a chain of internal transfers
Can I have multiple tz addresses for an unique baking node?
Are bakers not paying promised rewards?
How to fix tezos-admin-client p2p stat returning error "CalendarLib.Date.Out_of_bounds"?
Can I use an RPC to switch the Tezos node to another protocol?
Error voting in Tezos
Hwo do I get list of operations using RPC api?
Is delegating insecure?
How to guarantee uptime for baking node?
Password retrieve wallet problem
How does accusing work? What kind of anonymous operation is sent to the network?
Cold Storage Delegators
Timestamp in blockheader
How to use both linked ledger and fundraiser wallet with tezbox?
Burn fee for empty account
Liquidity - Unhandled exception (Invalid_argument List.fold_left2)
method for calling to entry point of contract instance (?) created by contract.create
How to disable private_mode with config update?
transaction rejected by the mempool pre filter
smart contract for automatic baking/endorsement rewards to delegators
Which Linux system for Tezos?
Can I send transactions from tz1 to KT1 and viceversa?
Can I change my vote during the exploration period?
Constantly adding/dropping connections
Amending the P2P Layer
"Operation is outdated and may never be included in the chain"
Tezos-client can't import TCP signer
does using a remote-signer or a ledger really improve security?
Creating public key hash
Run two nodes with same identity or migrate identity to a new node
Unable to build Tezos from source - alphanet
Michelson_v1_printer.unparse error with originate contract
What are all of the operation types supported in Tezos?
Error in Alphanet: "MDB_CORRUPTED: Located page was wrong type"
where to find trustworthy peer nodes
Looking for a payout script or software
What steps should be taken to safely upgrade a baker after a new protocol update
Error compiling tezos main net
Tools available : contract deployment / calling - Alphanet / mainnet
Baker "Did not find service" Error
Strange behaviour running a node on Google Cloud
Can I know when a wallet was created?
Can /context/constants change apart from a protocol change?
Wallet JSON file - field "secret" purpose
Error compiling tezos main net hidapi
Would Tezos benefit from parallelisation?
problem with tezos-reward-distributor: Public key of Manager (tz1XXX) is not revealed
Tendermint vs Grandpa & Babe
Unable to deploy a Liquidity smart contract directly (without offline signature / forged operation)
Error while baking
Voting - Does balance need to mature 7 cycles?
the tezos protocol and the problem of over-delegation
Node gives strange error
Error when doing make build-deps for alphanet
Does the return on baking depend on the size of the staking pool?
How can I connect public and private node through a reverse SSH tunnel?
Michelson contract files - spaces, new lines and comments
Import private key
How does the 003-node binary download/compile/merge proposal code?
Contract : opcodes FAILWITH / FAIL - gas usage
Error Signing Operation to make New Origination Account with Ledger (Error: TransportStatusError: Ledger device: UNKNOWN_ERROR (0x917e))
Node gives testnet error
Do minimum funds for baking include delegated funds?
Can not move xtz from K1 back to T1 address using Model T Trezor simplestacking wallet
Why my balance decrease while baking?
Clearing existing Tezbox Ledger Nano s
Tezos CLI, Ledger Nano, Tezbox and HD Wallet: problem accessing my xtz
Testnet participation rate?
No baking right
Unable to start mainnet node docker container
How key_hash can be coerced to address, or vice versa?
Tzscan API not responsive
Not able to run Baker and Endorser using docker image after docker image upgrade
Sending Tez without revealing my balance
How to recover from "No space left on device" error?
Double baking / endorsing is possible while using a single node?
fixing a ledger/tezbox device error problem
Error while initializing storage in contract deployment cmd using tezos-client command line interface option
Private Node disconnects from public node
How can I set trusted peers by identity in the tezos-node config file?
Liquidity "Syntax error", ok, but what/where?
How can I make my private node connect to my public node at start-up?
Tezos main net node: Hardware specs
Installed Kiln on Debian Linux with sudo gdebi kiln_0.5.1_amd64.deb , but the UI won't open in the browser. What can I do?
Endorser did not see new block; Node did not switch head?
Bus Error 10 - Node Won't Start
`tezos-client bootstrapped`: why it quits too early, really without waiting bootstrapping to the network?
Will there be a way to make snapshots from blockchains downloaded and maintained by nodes V0.0.1?
Forging operations - what is the purpose of this?
Alphanet protocol synced with mainnet
Contract - purpose of returned internal operations?
Baking rewards as operations
Ask about blocks baking
Errors running a TZScan instance
How to forecast as a baker your next upcoming time slot by using baking rights RPC?
How do you restore a ledger wallet to a software wallet?
Are there any wallets that can call contracts?
Is there a TzScan API to find the total number of delegated Tezos?
Contracts - is events / logging going to be added?
unknown address transaction
v0.5.1 Kiln unable to initialize node Level Error
what is the reason for "wrong predecessor" when endorsing
getting off chain data on chain to smart contracts
Trying to run alphanet, getting error when make build-deps
Can I bake on the same node with two different addresses?
Where can we find FILE.full publicly for bootstrapping from a snapshot?
Is there a TzScan API to find the number of Tezos Node?
Could the tezos node down for 5 minutes affects baking rights?
How can I test the Ledger signer without signing a block or endorsement?
How do I get my delegatees' addresses and delegated funds for a specific cycle from the Tezos RPC?
API Ballots not working
Two nodes on same machine, one always lags
Node won't start after importing chain history
How to initialise a contract with storage (contract unit)
How to get XTZ on zeronet to complete a roll?
Please clarify. Who precisely is able to vote on protocol changes?
What's the easiest way for an account holder to verify/sign that they are the rightful owner of an account?
Transaction failed
How can delegators find out the voting intentions of Bakers?
Unable to get consistent tz2 (secp256pk1) signature
How to get smart-contract storage data?
Updating a existing contract with new code and storage
How to vote during promotion phase
Missing more blocks than normal (Fitness/Mempool issue)
How to use rpc parse operations endpoint
Moving chain data to a new hard drive
How to calculate a random seed?
How to implement a signature checker for the signature scheme BLS?
How can the baker and accuser logging level be reduced?
Constant storage size in the rolling history mode?
Delegate address cannot send transaction
How is the hash code of blocks generated?
error when bootstrapped
Cannot SEND XTZ from Galleon
API documentation for tezos.org.sg?
Running Tezos node with rolling mode but sync started at the beginning
Calculating the total locked XTZ?
Do Tezos support multisignature transaction?
If the Athens proposal passes will I need to upgrade?
Configure proxy for node connection
How can I use TLS RPC endpoint and tezos-admin-client at the same time?
which rpc endpoint is used to find the roll snapshot which was used for determining baking/endorsing rights at a certain cycle?
Operations created by a smart contract call chain go in the same block?
When contract simulation may fail to predict the contract's behavior?
Checkpoint and TAPOS : implemented in Tezos?
Why Operations have extra money transaction that are not included in balance calculation?
Ledger Nano X not recognised in Tezos client
Running an alphanet node
Is the decimals can be change when protocol updating?
Confusing about the Mathematical representation in white paper
Is double voting possible?
How to concatenate a string and tez in Liquidity?
How should I prepare as a baker, for Athens A protocol activation?
Tokens on Tezos
Rebuilding node from scratch
Tezbox Web Wallet to Tezbox Windows Wallet App
Do I need to save the identity,peers,config.json when updating Tezos node?
Solo-baking question: Does having 33,000 (eq to 3 rolls) earn more than having 31,000 (eq to 3 rolls)?
Import Snapshot Failure
Rebuilding Node and Syncing with snapshot
config.json missing
after upgrade, proto003 baker/endorser error: "Can't fetch the current event..."
kiln v0.5.2 LevelWarn internalnode LOCK HELD error
Proto004 - no output at all for the new proto004 baker and endorser
The new history mode "full" - how far back can you go to retrieve balances?
Tezos version running
Where is the reward operation for athens?
Tezbox and Ledger Problem
tezos-baker-004 no usual output
How long should exporting a snapshot take?
Can't send my XTZ from any wallet
What flavor of zksnark in tezos
How big is the chain data on a new node?
Problem with Cortez wallet
What does a good P2P configuration look like for a public node?
implicit.empty_implicit_contract error is thrown while creating originated account
efficiency of my node for my website?
Tezos error messages - branch refused etc
How to split a string in Liquidity?
Checking contract against contract type in Liquidity
One Single Place to See Cumulative Rewards
What types of things is Tezos doing to improve scalability?
License Dependency Report
How to deploy a contract in Mainnnet (not Alfanet!) Tezos? I have a contract code for Fi, a working node on the Digital Ocean. What should I do next?
Switching users on a Mac makes ledger unreadable from tezos client
Can I withdraw funds from an empty smart contract?
Error 57 when installing Liquidity
Baking Guide Questions
Proposal merge code conflict
Problem with Liquidity installation
TezBox won't let me create a KT1 account for delegating
client command to list contracts results in stack overflow
Deployment of a smart contract through fi compiler
Error while initializing storage in contract deployment
How do I export a snapshot using docker?
How do I get a list of all delegators a baker has, using only node local endpoints?
How do I import a snapshot using docker?
problem with running tzscan: Camlp4: Uncaught exception: DynLoader.Error
"Missing protocol 'ProtoGenesis' for the current block" when I lanch a node
How to get the tz1 address without manually entering the password
Error w/ injecting endorsements w/ ledger on zeronet
How are KT1 accounts originated?
Operation bytes parsing
Unexpected error (validator) during bootstrapping
API codes from my Tezos node
How to extract the storage of a smart contract?
How to run a sandboxed Tezos node in a Docker container?
Why did the transaction fail?
How to query a transaction via the rpc interface
How can I configure my baker to accept 0-fee transactions?
typecheck a script without network connection?
Transferring XTZ with only a private key
How do I get access to my tezos coins
Automated Payment script
Smart contract transaction of 0 XTZ throwing error from TezBox
'alphanet.sh head' returns old block
Available snapshots for main net?
Why is my account reduced by 0.257 tz?
How can i modify the balance of account on Tezos?
Snapshot for alphanet
Adding peers on a live private node
Tezos alphanet branch 'bake for' command is not available
No block to bake - Number of Rolls differs too
How can internal transactions be fetched?
Can someone provide a link to a tutorial on how to do a basic smart contract on the Tezos protocol?
API calls to get statistics about the address delegated to a staking pool
What is the difference between `balance`, `frozen_balance`, `staking_balance` and `delegated_balance`
Galleon Wallet Issue: sent transaction locked in pending
Ledger Nano S Public Key Hash Changed
how can i send operation throught eztz to a contract specific entry point?
Getting errors related to the smart contract after running eztz.contract.send()
Why cant i call the contract entry point with type parameter througth eztz.contract.send
Adding New Account
Tezos RPC doesn't respond with blocks below the current checkpoint
Can someone give me a noob guide to get eztz up and running on my ubuntu system? I'm getting the following error
Error too big to serialize within the provided gas bounds. Increasing the gas bounds does not help
Why does the Tezos node use only one CPU core?
Error when sending transaction to get my Ledger Nano with Galleon
Why are the tz and KT addresses using different letter cases?
Tried to cancel a transfer, now counter is off
Baking Tezos with Kiln: deviating BC source path
Cleanup of node data (to fix 'Bus error: 10' error)
'Tezos' wallet addresses generation
How do I get the contents of a big_map through the RPC interface?
How to calculate the txHash?
Broadcast tx success, but the tx not confirmed
Error with make when switch from Zeronet to Alphanet (tezos-node)
How was the number of 32 endorsements arrived at?
Why is my delegation+origination appearing in red?
Address prefixes
How to get balance from alphanet via tzscan api?
How to Generate Address in tezos via api?
Can i create HD wallets?
How to Transfer Tezos via API or node rpc?
Help with building a tezos-client from sources (from scratch)
Kiln Version 0.5.3 Voting Problem
Transfer Transaction Failed
How to sign transaction from tz2 address?
Ledger Nano not signing
Downsides to running multiple endorsers?
config.json how to define the network?
Current level of block-chain
Multiple txs and counter already used error
What happens if I loose the nonce?
Tezos Origination operation - How to do it correctly from programming?
When import snapshot data :internal error, uncaught exception: Out of memory
How to delegate programmatically?
Alphanet problem - activating account with faucet
Why are some blocks not finding operations?
Baker miss block
How to get hash of operation without injecting in chain
Very slow syncronization
Ledger with remote signer - health check
Cant Install Liquidity on Mac
How can I derive a public key from a known private key?
TezBox transaction with parameter not going through
What's RPC api to get unconfirmed balance?
tzscan.io api return wrong
Updated Docker images and bootstrapping
What does it mean when there are rewards with negative values in the block's balance_updates?
Move baker to new physical server
Archive Node Syncing: Block Level and Block Hash Do Not Match
How can I point Tezbox to my own node?
I/O error while sync
Public "Snapshots" for history mode nodes
Maximum supply in tezos
Issue w/ TezosJ_SDK wallet
Missed endorsement - unregistred error
How to use Emacs michelson-mode with Tezos sandboxed client?
What does "Last Assigned Baking" alert on TzScan.io explorer mean?
How do I assign counter?
Is it safe to use branch mainnet-pack-validator?
Is it possible to discover a private node from its trusted public node list of peers?
How to set "#bytes in next field" field?
kiln client / only use a ledger with the 8,25% bound on it
Sometimes returning errors when looking for block transactions
Branch mainnet-pack-validator gives error "tezos-node: Error: Not_found"
alphanet.sh client list rejected blocks returns Unrecognized Command
Auto restart in case of failure with Kiln and 18.04
