Whalewatching around New York City
How can I get a prepay SIM card before going to Greece?
Travelling to Sakhalin Island and Kamchatka
How to change a Schengen Visa valid for only 20 days?
Camper vans and travel in Australia
Hostel in Barcelona near Sonar festival night site
What options are available to go from Leuven/Brussels to Luxembourg?
Waiting time in queues for Empire State Building
Is there public transport between Quimper Airport and the city centre?
Is it possible to obtain a visa to Brazil without entry ticket?
Can I consign my pepper spray from Canada to China?
Can I fly domestically in the US using my university ID?
Is it safe to check in luggage one day before at airport?
Can Somebody travel with their gun internationally?
Can Indian Rupees (INR) be used or exchanged in Pakistan without converting it to USD?
Flying stand by from US to Europe -- is it still worth it, and if so, how to do it?
Motorboat rental in Lazio, Italy
Domestic flight in Australia, without passport
How to fly cheaply one-way in South America?
Travel Companion Programs?
How big is the Holi festival in India?
Is there a way to store stage luggage until needed?
How many passengers allowed in a car in Oklahoma, USA?
How to get from Gatwick airport to Paddington?
Changing a non flexible non refundable ticket
Where can I get a scuba diver's license in Ecuador?
New Orleans to Flagstaff (Arizona) - which route is more scenic
Travelling to USA - from UK on ESTA (already issued - without travel date details)
Do (separate) multi-cities international flights obey the luggage restriction from the international leg?
Transiting through the UK both ways on a return journey
Dressing up as a Geisha/Maiko in Japan
Schengen visa holder issued by the Italian embassy - getting into Romania via Frankfurt?
Is there such a thing as an international mobile wireless provider?
How to get from Istanbul Atatürk Airport to Çanakkale‎?
Summer skiing in Europe
Number of checked bags when travelling - domestic leg United and international leg by Jet Airways
How to transport baby/toddler car seat with Transavia?
Where can I have a genuine Ainu cultural experience in Hokkaido?
Will travellers be able to get full internet access in Turkey during the current (July 2013) protests/riots?
Celebrating birthdays without family in Japan
Zen meditation in Kyoto, Japan
Why is the baggage allowance on flights to/from Brazil more generous?
How to move between Venice and nearby islands?
Single room in a hotel for a party of 4 if we check out in the evening?
What's a good way to find recreational mineral prospecting locations in the Pacific Northwest (US) area?
Talking to Tohoku earthquake survivors as volunteering
What's the best exchange rate: dollars to local currencies, or local currency to another local currency?
Intercity Travel in the Philippines
Why does Google suggest roundabout routes in Berlin?
Europe on a very tight budget
Using UK Immigration line with baby who does not yet hold an EU passport
Do the vacation packages in Expedia.ca and Aircanadavacations.com have an included tour?
Websites for car relocation in Europe?
Riding the Paris Metro with a kid trailer
Can I enter the UK as a tourist/in transit even having a valid student visa?
When travelling internationally with valuable personal effects, how do I avoid paying duty at each border crossing?
How bad is the Prague flooding going on (current as of June 2013)?
Medallion Qualification Miles vs. regular miles
Can I buy a cheap phone in Peru, that will function in Bolivia and Argentina?
Should I make reservations at a bar in Japan?
What sort of "invitation" do I need for a Belarusian visa?
Is leaving airport at a stop before the final destination illegal?
Which Shanghai airport is closest to the Langham Xintiandi Hotel?
Does Eurolines provide a map (list or other resource) with origin / destination cities (or locations)?
Is there a ticket for all ferries in the Greek Islands?
How does "Fuel Dumping" work?
Taking a taxi in Argentina with a newborn: is the toddlers seat necessary?
When buying a ticket without a reservation on an Intercités train, is there any advantage to buying it in advance, instead of just before departure?
Are tickets without reservations interchangeable for Intercités and TER trains?
How does one find out whether a particular Intercités train on a particular route requires reservation?
What is the fuel surcharge?
What local sporting events are available in Goa over late December?
Is there a plane+train journey planning service?
Someone else is booking international ticket for me using their credit or debit card. Do they need to be present physically at the time of check in?
What are the recommended concentration camp tours near Berlin?
West Australia luxury beach resort
What happens if my ESTA expires on the day of arrival?
What is a reliable and safe method of obtaining cash in Madagascar?
Is it possible to hitchhike to Galapagos?
What type of visa is required for a PhD interview visit to Switzerland?
Can I print a science poster in Berlin within one day?
Are there limited term identification cards in the UK?
What are the cheapest trains from Helsinki to Saint Petersburg?
Is it possible to fly near/over Mount Everest?
What artsy/museumy/culturalish stuff is there to do in Indianapolis?
What are some good resources for sailing in Greece?
What are the visa requirements to travel from the UK to the USA, on to the Caribbean and back to the USA?
Does condition 8115 mean you can't check your work email?
Where can I find hiking maps for the Alps (Grenoble area)?
Is it possible to rent camping tent in the Iya Valley or Yagen Valley, Japan?
How do I get from Tikal to Belize City?
How does the Northern shore of Lake Balaton compare to the Southern shore?
La Quinta Returns nightly rate
Are there lockers or luggage storage facilities at the Bruxelles-Midi station?
What is the best approach to getting seat reservations when interrailing in northern Italy?
Bundling together items to meet baggage allowance?
Are there restrictions on carrying fresh produce across US state borders?
How shall we travel from Milan to Rome in 8 days?
Where can I socialize with young Japanese people?
How can I reach the Austrian alps by public transport from Vienna?
Can I swim in Iran with my girlfriend in bikini in the Caspian Sea?
Not booking hostels in Europe this summer?
What kind of roads am I not allowed to ride my bicycle on in Switzerland?
Do I need a voltage converter for my Surface tablet in Rome?
Do I need a UK airside transit visa, if I already have a UK visitor visa?
How can I book the plane schedule I want from the USA to Japan?
Is there a bus connection between Narita airport and Tokyo Asakusa?
Should I cancel my trip to Turkey due to the recent (July 2013) protests?
What to do in Las Vegas without having to sin?
Are there metal clubs in London?
Is there a United transfer bus at Newark airport from Terminal C to Terminal B?
Are there any Verizon smartphones that work in Israel?
How strict are luggage restrictions on the Incarail train to Machu Picchu (Aguas Calientes)?
Can a family pool their duty free allowances entering Australia?
Is cheek kissing common in the US?
How to stay comfortable in beds found in American hotels?
Protocol for American traveling in Iran with Canadian passport?
Is it possible to go on a tour of the Stack Exchange headquarters?
Is the sleeper train from Hong Kong to Shanghai an enjoyable experience?
Which terminal is going to Rome in Toronto Pearson Airport?
What unit of Euro coins/banknote does Rome use the most and what they don't accept normally?
Which road shall I take from Denver, CO to Salt Lake City, UT: I-80 or I-70 w/ US-6?
Can I buy train tickets for a Shanghai - Beijing trip in Hong Kong?
Multiple Entry Schengen Visa Tier-4 UK
Why does Nizhni Novgorod have visa restrictions?
How to book a multi-part flight with Turkish airlines?
Can I bring a small, decorative deer skull from Germany to the US?
Can we share the Go Pass?
Do I need a transit visa for Denmark in addition to my single entry Schengen area visa?
Where to find routes and times of public transportation in Croatia?
How can I travel from Venice to Rijeka or Pula over land or sea?
What are the options for shipping luggage to the US from Vietnam?
20 hour lay over time in LHR airport London, will they allow me to stay in airport for 20 hours
Do I need to collect my luggage between connecting flights at LHR?
Schengen visa for Finland
How unsafe is it to leave an expensive laptop at a rented apartment or a cheap hotel room? Which precautions should I take?
Are inexpensive ryokans inauthentic?
Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa?
Is it possible to find cheap rooms for rent in Croatia, even in the high season?
How can I map stations for a driving trip?
Two layovers in Istanbul
How to easily switch to driving on the other side of the road?
Which other Schengen countries should I visit from Munich such that the cost is minimal?
Can a non-US citizen living in the US on a J1 visa travel to Cuba?
Are there charter flights between Australia and New Zealand that you can join?
Beside bringing along a N95 mask, what items should I bring when going to places that are hazy
Where can I buy same-day tickets for Broadway shows?
Best way to travel from Vienna to Salzburg to Munich to Venice and back to Vienna, by car or train?
Which brand of backpack should I carry so as to not stick out in Europe?
Which car rental companies do not charge for additional drivers (in London)?
How to buy tickets for Machu Picchu?
Where in Austria can I exchange Swiss Francs to Euros?
Is there animosity between people from northern and southern Italy?
What is the most inexpensive way to obtain a visa for Russia and stay legally for 30 days?
Are there self-service laundries in Arendal?
How to take my bike from Germany and/or France to Switzerland?
Transport frozen mother's milk by plane
Can I get Tourist Visa for London?
Are there affordable palaces available as accommodation?
Where can I buy a cup of 'cat poo' coffee (Kopi Luwak) in Melbourne?
How to extend my short stay Schengen visa?
How do I get from Tisno to Zadar airport for a 6 AM flight?
What options exist for under 150 Euro to travel from Brussels, Belgium to Tignes, France?
If, like Edward Snowden, your passport was revoked or cancelled, how could you travel?
Is an IDP required to drive on an American license in Bangladesh?
What's more dangerous: sleeping in the car or drowsy driving when on a road-trip?
What is the process for travelling on a World Passport like?
Where to eat Suzumebachi (Giant Sparrow Bee) in Japan?
Where can I find maps of temperature gradients for a road trip in the USA?
Car rentals in USA for drivers under age 25
Can I apply for another Schengen Visa when I already have a single entry unused one?
Buy alcohol duty-free or in US?
I am planning on a sight seeing trip in China during this summer, How can I keep my passport, wallet, and phone safe without overheating?
Kotor Montenegro restaurants
Late night taxi in Crete
Tibet Xizang Travel: How to stay safe traveling alone
Is a mosquito net strictly necessary when traveling through India in low cost accommodation?
Safest way to send an international check or wire transfer?
When do I have to go through customs between Minneapolis and Nuremberg?
When should I buy airplane tickets to St. Lucia (from US)?
Waitlisted Indian train ticket: will I be refunded if I don't get a confirmed seat?
Should you apply for a Romanian long-stay visa from within or outside the country?
Do any passenger-carrying freighters connect Norway to North America through the Arctic?
Will I be able to stay in the U.S. on a second ESTA VWP application?
Are there walking tours (where you join a group) in Rotterdam?
Can you easily get between Rotterdam Central Station and Rotterdam The Hague Airport by public transport?
Are there well signed walking routes up the Seven Mountains in Bergen?
Applying for a new Schengen Visa even though there's still an existing used schengen visa
Reason for non-refundable ticket
Is it easy to get a visa for France if one already has a visa for the UK and applies from the UK?
Cheap way of travelling from Paris to nearby countries?
Where in Europe can I find an aircraft turned into a hotel?
Schengen Visa to visit Germany and Belgium as a tourist
Are international transfer zones typical around the world?
Overview (map) of Russian long-distance river regular passenger ships in regions too remote for roads or railways
Visiting the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile?
Carless in Portland Maine?
Are the sand dunes at Knolls, UT safe to visit?
Is it safe to bathe off of I-80 in the Great Salt Lake?
Is there any good way to know if a water-mass is safe to bathe in?
Which place in Middle East are these photos taken from?
Edward Snowden has been in 'transit' in Moscow for days now. What's the longest possible you can just stay in a terminal?
How much does a taxi from London to Dover cost?
Good (and Bikini) beaches in Turkey (including Izmir and Antalya)?
Shower rooms at Incheon airport
Layovers in Riga Airport RIX: 45 min possible?
Two people travelling from different departures to the same destination?
Where in Southeast Asia is free camping permitted?
Is there a risk with flights stopping off in Russia?
Can I transit out of the Heathrow airport? US Student Visa / Indian Citizen
booking.com: do I need to show printed confirmations?
Nepal: How bad is the rainy season?
Transit visa question for Brazilian national transiting in US for 3 hours
Leaving Belarus by train: Where to check migration card?
What is the real legal status of an airport transit area?
Do motorbikes in Vietnam have room to carry a large backpacking backpack?
Prepaid Data Plan for cell phone in Italy
Filming via iPhone in clubs in Atlanta
Getting between the Parque Empresarial Torneo business district of Seville/Sevilla and the airport?
Getting a US visa with an Iranian stamp?
Are there any non-mesh packing cubes, if not what can I use?
If your plane gets diverted by a government's order, who is responsible for your missed connection?
I have a single entry Schengen visa from Spain
Turkish citizen, US green card holder, but living in UK - Germany transit visa?
What was the tower seen in stage 3 of Tour de France on Corsica?
Driving in Croatia with European 1 year old driving license
Fly into Singapore or Kuala Lumpur on one-way ticket to begin overlanding trip?
How to mange finances for an international student in Japan
Travel in Scandinavia during autumn
Online simulations, games or ways to check my knowledge about traffic rules and my driving skills in USA
Cab company in Boston with child car seats?
Layover in CDG can I check my luggage through to DUB and go into Paris
How to get from Split to Stanici?
Does American citizen need a Visa for Tahiti
Travelling on a single entry Schengen visa
Prepaid SIM card for data in UK, France, and Finland
How do you pack your dirty clothing when moving from hotel to hotel?
Transporting (not riding) a tandem bicycle from Tangier to Essaouira
From Hong Kong to Macau: Stay over night or do the boat trip every morning?
Getting around the UK by Train
US Tourism Visa. What questions will they ask me?
Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)?
Long-haul flights: How bad are seats next to lavatories?
Where can I exchange Georgian Lari in the United States?
Documents required for re-entering Schengen area on multiple entry visa
What's the most convenient connection between Alvor and the Lisbon Airport?
Where in India do I have the best chance of seeing wild tigers?
How does the combined ticket work in Agra?
Are there any airlines that allow electronic cigarettes?
Do I have to clear customs when transit via the US on my way to / coming from somewehere else?
What's the cheapest way to stay in Copenhagen?
How useful are ExpertFlyer's/Expedia seat plan previews?
Does Singapore have an electronics district something like Tokyo's Akihabara?
What do they drink in Japan for breakfast, lunch and dinner?
Flying around the world: Which direction is best?
UK Visa plus Schengen Visa
Do I need both a UK visa and a Schengen visa?
Overnight layover in New York airports
Will I have to pick up my luggage and recheck it if I have booked a connection with to different tickets separate airlines?
What should you do with your house keys while traveling a short time?
Travel restrictions with a Russian Visa?
Is the couvert mandatory or optional in Italy?
What to do about bad photo on issued US passport
Sunbathing naked in public parks in Germany
Do minors need ID to fly in the US?
Can you transfer Qantas Frequent Flyer Points to other (non-family) members?
Can we enter Istanbul, Turkey and Frankfurt, Germany while flying through in transit for a few hours?
Is it possible to take a desktop PC as carry-on luggage?
Replacing windshield with Mexican auto permit
Road trip planning tool
Is it necessary to book trains in the Jungfrau region?
How to get by train from Normandy to Versailles?
Inner tubing down rivers in the United States
Experience taking iMac on plane as carry-on
Schengen Visa : What does the information mean?
Is tap water in Ireland and England drinkable?
Can 2S (i.e. general compartment) tickets be booked online for trains in India?
Dual UK/Canadian Citizens travelling to USA and Canada
Free wifi in Reykjavik
What do I have to take into account when buying an urban backpack?
Is it okay to board only the second flight of a return ticket? The return ticket is much cheaper than buying one way
Regarding reapplying for the Schengen visa in Estonia
Mixing Australian visa types within one family
Is there a cheaper (slower) way to get by train from Brussels to Paris than Thalys?
Layovers at Munich airport Terminal 2 (Star Alliance): Do I have to leave transit area?
Precautions to take when travelling alone around Ireland
Would $5000 be enough for this trip in 2014 december?
International driver's licence (IDD): is this site reliable?
What is an International Driver's License?
Taking bike as luggage from Bratislava to Vienna
Casual study in the USA
Why shouldn't I have an ATM PIN beginning with zero if I travel internationally?
Are there any ships I can travel on from USA to India?
How can I purchase duty free liquids if I'm connecting through the US?
Text message delivery time from Europe to Asia
What are the drawbacks of taking this window/aisle solo seat - 71A on Boeing 777-300ER?
How to find coworker space in Berlin as a tourist?
Apartment vs Hotel - Dubai downtown?
How do you fly on standby without a ticket/boarding pass?
Easiest way to get to Ensenada from Tijuana or Mexicali?
Good aurora viewing areas around Tromso accessible by public transport?
Are there any ferries between Okinawa and China?
Cheap way to get around Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka - alternatives to the JR Pass?
How often can you visit on a multiple-entry pass to Singapore?
Converting Virgin Australia flights into AirNZ Airpoints
Where to spend a night in the Mumbai airport
Itinerary for the south of India
If travelling with luggage in SE Asia and not staying in hotels, where can I leave my belongings?
Travel insurance - need receipts for lost goods?
Travel insurance for flight cancellation
What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?
Cheapest place to fly from China, Taiwan, or Southeast Asia to Ishigaki, Japan?
What's the closest SCUBA spot to Chiang Mai?
Why doesn't British Airways sell six seats in the rear of the plane?
How to get from O'Hare to Midway (with family in tow)?
Can I stay in Europe for more than 90 days with a UK working visa?
Can I expedite a Schengen Visa appointment for consulates in the US?
Travel to Australia without a visa but a grant
Where on earth is this church which looks like a confused chicken?
Is it possible to drink alcoholic beverages at Iranian ski resorts?
Does changing latitude affect sleep?
I have a double entry visa but need to enter China three times. What can I do?
Monday Silver Anniversary in Texas, need ideas
Planning a visit to the Redwood Forests?
What is the shortest layover in Istanbul that would let me visit The Blue Mosque?
Breton Language Areas
Exchanging and using Scottish pounds
Usual taxi fares and things to know about transportation inside Antalya
Cheapest way to transfer USD from GB to Israel
How can I renew my Italian passport abroad?
Packed Items at Indian Customs
Will a train ticket to Singapore be accepted as proof of onward travel to fly one-way into Malaysia?
Is any Southeast Asian country easier for obtaining a visa for China?
What is the etiquette for declining money from a Japanese friend?
How to get from Mumbai Airport to the CST Station?
Can you travel to Canada by road with an expired US passport?
How to lock a backpack?
Where can I book the Ooty-Mettupalayam train?
How to insure yourself as an independent traveling scuba diver?
1.5 hr layover in Amsterdam
Where can I get free maps? (particularly of Southeast Asia)
Can a foreigner easily buy and activate an ALDI talk micro SIM in Germany?
Are there any ferry tickets /passes in Japan that cover multiple ferries between multiple islands?
How widespread is sailing between Japanese islands in private yachts?
Where to buy cheap generic camping gear in Kuala Lumpur or Singapore?
Can I go to Germany with a Schengen visa from another country after failing to get a German visa?
Safety: What data is available on crime in NYC in 2013?
Free secure bike parking at Harwich International
What happened to lifting the liquids ban?
Airline compensation for non-specific delays with a US carrier
Swimming pool options in Bologna
Prepaid SIM card for Austria, with mobile internet and relatively cheap foreign calls
Do I need a towel in saunas in Germany?
Cheap flights in the Nuremberg area?
Does my duty free allowance stack with other people in my car to Canada?
Is the drive from Milan to Zurich considered difficult, generally?
How to find accommodation when what you reserved appears to be overbooked, or worse, non-existent?
How do you find out whether or not certain vitamins are legal or bring into a country?
Countries with hi-tech toilets
Is it possible to renew a British passport early?
Will a Canadian working holiday visa be valid on a new passport?
How to quickly find out the entry requirements to country X for a citizen of country Y?
How often do cameras get stolen while someone is using them in SE Asia?
How far in advance do you need to get to Quimper (UIP) airport?
If I lose my wallet can a hotel hold your luggage for collateral for not paying the cancellation fee?
Is it really much cheaper for an Australian to get a Chinese visa in Malaysia than in Australia?
How to find out which days the Chinese embassy/consulate in Kuala lumpur is open?
Is it rude to ask for toilet paper in Bangladesh?
Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?
Is a 4x4 essential in Iceland at end of August?
Can I visit Schengen countries on a Type-D Schengen Visa?
Can an international student on F1 in the US invite her friend to visit her for touring?
Reliability of prepaids for foreign calls such as Lebara, Ortel... what to take into account?
Conditions of train ticket between Vienna and Bratislava
Trails for barefoot walking near Nuremberg (Bavaria)?
Renew or reapply for ESTA visa to re-enter USA?
What town is in the Samsung Galaxy S default wallpaper?
How to stay in Brazil for 5 months with a (tourist) visa?
Food or drinks on VTA Light Rail
Is it possible to do currency exchange in Antalya Airport after arrival?
Taiwan maximum stay -- on landing or passing immigration?
Are there international ferries between Pontianak/Borneo and neighbouring countries?
Applying for Netherlands Working Holiday Scheme whilst in the Netherlands
European countries "shut down" in August?
Are Trinidad and Tobago as well as Suriname safe places to travel alone?
Hostels in Vienna - reservation and prepaid
Storage that ships belongings to location
How can I get a VAT refund after I've left the UK from Luton Airport?
Schengen visa for Pakistani national married to British citizen wife
What are the risks of using Airbnb in New York?
What type of visa required for Sweden onsite interview?
Inaccurate information on multi-city search on Kayak
Wine price in a retail shop - Italy
Benefits (or drawbacks) of ordering Euros from AAA (American Automobile Association) online
Enterprise Rent-A-Car at Kahului: Is there a shuttle to the 40 Hana location?
If I have a visitor visa for Switzerland (Schengen visa), can I visit France?
Primary vs. secondary coverage for someone without health insurance?
Last minute / standby air travel options in Asia?
Places worth visiting by train from Munich to Berlin
Can a normal backpacker obtain a multiple-entry Chinese visa while on the road?
Can I add more luggage after doing the on-line check-in in Ryanair?
I am a south African with indefinate leave to remain UK visa. Can I travel with my British children to EEA country without a visa?
Cheap accommodation in London
Hostels in Bratislava
Can I use my Girocard V-Pay for money withdrawal in every EU country?
Wearing Vibram FiveFingers while travelling in Europe
Traveling Europe During Mid-November to December
Does a seat cushion help for 12+ hour flights?
How to avoid losing someone while traveling?
What are the cheapest sites to find hostels around the world to book?
Where can one experience hot springs in Yellowstone National Park?
English medical records in a Spanish-speaking country?
How long will it take to transfer through Brussels Airport?
How do I go about making stops in the middle of California Zephyr route?
Where can I find delay/cancelation statistics for a given airline route?
Late night transportation in Leipzig
Is there a way to know if a spring/water has sulfur?
Am I eligible for ESTA US visa?
Would I be able to communicate in Vienna in German?
Do you get any protection from an incomplete vaccine series?
Is it feasible to hitch-hike from Slahpa/Sørfjord to Gåsluokta/Kjøpsvik?
Pierless ferry stops in Norway, might one have to arrange own transportation for the final meters?
Huge difference in price between online travel agents and airline website
Cloak room to leave luggage at Toronto
Quickest way from London Paddington station to London City Airport?
My boyfriend is Turkish citizen but has a green card. Does he need a visa to visit me in the UK?
Do US Citizens need transit visas for New Delhi airport?
Is there free Wi-Fi at Quimper Cornouaille Airport?
How can two airlines have the same IATA code?
Long transit in Cairo (Egypt)
How are baggage fees calculated on multi-city trips with the same airline
Language to communicate in tourist places in Bratislava? English is sufficient?
How much time do I need to allow for transit in a US airport (Minneapolis)?
Skydiving or paragliding options in Europe
Travelling teenagers in the USA
How conservatively should a man dress in Kuala Lumpur?
Where to eat cheap authentic laksa in Kuala Lumpur?
Accommodation while driving from Calais towards Paris
Books in Malaysian language in Kuala Lumpur
What is the cheapest way to get from Zurich to Nice?
Difference between Berlin CityTourCard, Berlin WelcomeCard or 7-Tage-Karte for 8 days' stay?
Should I renew my passport before it expires?
Can you enter and exit Canada with an expired US passport?
Is there a way to find prices from departure city to multiple cities or countries at once?
ATMs which accept UnionPay IC Card in Berlin
Will airlines compensate me if my entertainment system is not working?
Will Denial of Entry in transit at YVR affect my new US visa request?
Transit via uk with Italian Schengen visa
Overstaying on a US Visa Waiver Program
Accessing the Mount Teide summit when all 200 permits per day are already booked
Visa for Australia and New Zealand for Indian citizen living in USA
If you are a US Citizen, do you need a visa to travel to Ghana?
Best time of year to scuba dive in Belize/Honduras
Is it safe to travel to Turkey at this time (August 2013)?
Group Discounted Airfare
Does Madrid's metro offer children's fares?
How to visit Capilano Suspension Bridge Park and Stanley Park from Vancouver Airport?
Is a stopover in Havana a problem for a U.S. citizen?
Park or lake with jogging and outdoor gym in Kuala Lumpur?
Where can I buy Sri Lanka rupee (LKR) in Australia (AUD)?
Travel implications when going to Muslim countries after a visit to Israel
Which sanctions can be applied by airline to me if I use round trip ticket as a one way
How to calculate the damage to a rental car?
Multi-country cellular carriers?
Can Alcatraz tours only be booked from their website?
Are there multi-day tours from Alice Springs that take infants?
What is required to visit my girlfriend in Germany from South Africa?
TGV Lyria seat plan: how to interpret it?
Are there ley lines in Bangladesh?
What should I think of and prepare when flying with kids?
How do I get from Berlin to Tromsø?
From Canada to Norway, through the North Pole, is that possible?
Train from Gold Coast to Sydney
Budget backpacking through Norway
What is the alternative to BART to travel between San Francisco and Oakland?
Beach huts closest to London
Renewing or getting a new visa in Vietnam?
Is there still uncharted land?
What is the youngest new natural landmass that can be visited?
Is it permitted to ask questions of female sex workers in Thailand to be familiar with their real life as a tourist?
How can I work out where I can go for a weekend away by public transport, starting from Oxford or Cambridge
Montenegro accommodations in August
Can foreign tourists see Pakistani dancing girls?
Can I board at a different train station with a tatkal ticket in India?
Self Guided Northern Lights Tour
U.S. passport holder to travel in the Philippines with expiring passport
How to get to Abisko, Sweden from Berlin
Finding a cheap houseboat accommodation in Alleppey
How to cancel multi-entry Schengen visa?
Transiting from Heathrow (LHR) to Newark (EWR) to La Guardia (LGA) to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)
Is it possible for non US citizen tourists to get married in Las Vegas?
How to find a decent taxi company in Chicago?
What are the registration requirements when visiting Russia?
How am I supposed to travel with all these hard copy guidebooks?
Will wearing a bright colored jacket signal that I am a tourist?
Show the time at milestones for a car travel route
Bicycle rental near Kastrup Airport, Denmark?
Name this building in Singapore and can I visit the glass pyramid on top?
Can I use "Récépissé de demande de carte de séjour to re-enter" to France?
Do I need any transit visa in Geneva airport?
What to do if I am involved in a road accident between two border controls?
Public transports from Prague to Wroclaw
Are there any advantages to boarding a flight near the end of the boarding process?
How to hike from Kiangan to Hungduan, near Banaue, in the Philippines?
Can I enter Romania from Dubai with a Schengen visa?
Do post offices in Leipzig offer a faxing service?
SIM Card for vacation in the US
Is it possible to get a Russian visa with a Dutch passport while holding the Russian nationality?
Prescriptions in checked luggage: ok when travelling to Spain?
How feasible is it to travel from Singapore all the way to London only by Train
How can an EU citizen (Poland) obtain an Australian tourist visa from Saint Petersburg, Russia?
Have Heathrow immigration queue times stabilized since the Olympics?
Where can I exchange Georgian Lari in Dubai?
What to do during long-ish connection in Rome Fiumicino airport with children?
Where to find international train fares for Europe
Checked-in luggage, Last in First out, is it true?
Quickest and/or most scenic route to Show Low, Arizona from Phoenix by car?
I have a B1/B2 visa, can I visit my husband in the US?
Can I travel within the US using only my foreign passport as ID?
Where is this castle?
Comparison transportation and expense in Paris
Can I get an Exit Visa?
CitiBank Branch in Leipzig
Indian independence day greetings
Requirements to drive to Mexico from USA
Schengen visa application by an Indian studying in the UK
Is it possible to get a travel money-card that stores value in Thai Baht?
Is Greek driver's license valid in the US?
Which city to visit in Mexico closest to Texas border
Do hostels provide cookware?
Is brushing your teeth in the public toilet a culture specific activity?
Travelling from Cambridge, UK to London City Airport by public transport
What kind of ID does the US accept when visiting bars or drinking age events?
Hamburg public transport tickets for a 3 day / 48 hour trip?
What would be considered "evidence of adequate funds" for entering Hong Kong?
Quicker / cheaper way to get from Kuala Lumpur to Krabi by land transport?
Can you get complementary upgrades when you check-in online or through a booth at the airport?
Can I book tickets on Easyjet with a V Pay card?
Not getting passport stamped in Sweden
Can I bring my personal electronic items to US?
Are the hoses in toilets in Asia something I should know about?
How long is an acceptable shower in Spain?
Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?
Need info regarding cheapest mobile connections and internet plans in Berlin
Why do people on airplanes often have tomato juice as a drink?
How to deal with blisters / chafing on walking-intensive trips?
Getting from Paradise Island to a Pink Sand Beach
How to get from Poitiers TGV station to Futuroscope-du-Poitou
Is it customary to tip at a buffet?
How to reach Dam Square from Schiphol airport?
Is there a way to do a river cruise in Hamburg on the cheap?
Does the 128 Bus travel near Alexanderplatz and Kurt-Schumacher Platz in Berlin?
Will bringing your own bottle of wine to a restaurant in France cause bad service?
Which smartphone apps have you found particularly useful when travelling (especially in New York)?
Can you travel 'above' the control of a country?
Process and recommendations for obtaining a prepaid micro-SIM card in Ulan Bator, Mongolia
Can I import teabags into the United States?
Difference between children's and adults' days of London Notting Hill Carnival 2013
How exactly does the Navigo pass work?
Do airlines recycle uneaten, unopened, pre-packaged food?
Amex travel insurance for H1b visa holder
Northern Italy: east to west or west to east?
Are there rest areas along Thai motorways?
Shelters near trails in Bavaria?
Preparing food yourself in hostels in Vienna?
Vienna - groceries opening hours during weekend
One afternoon/night in Vegas - what to do?
Rent a car in LA with insurances
Catching separately ticketed flights through an airport without leaving the transit area
How easy to take the car in Schengen Area
Do we need to pick up our luggages and re-check them in YVR?
How much does a taxi from Lisbon airport to city center cost?
Is there a cruise ship or ferry departing for Ecuador from Colombia or Panama?
Is there Wi-Fi in the ICE trains in Germany?
Is there Wi-Fi and electric socket in long-distance buses in Germany?
Arriving very late at hotels in Athens
Looking for beach in Long Island, accessible by transit from NYC
Purchasing a campervan in Australia
Is the Great Dolomites Road safe to drive in October?
Will I need a transit visa for transit in Stockholm in a trip from Turkey to Russia?
One foot in Belgium and the other in the Netherlands?
Land Rover in Mongolia with no hired driver
Do Mexico border towns near the U.S. accept USD as currency?
Is it safe to use earbuds in an airplane?
Electronic alternative to bicycle map
How useful/important is French in Montreal?
Bread, breakfast bar or canned food are allowed to be brought into australia?
How to ask drivers not to take me to the bus station when hitchhiking in Thailand?
Travelling from India to Ukraine. Do I need Transit Visa for Vienna?
Cheap mobile provider in Denmark
When looking for airline prices, is it best to look for busier airports?
Can I rely on public transport in Rhodes (Greece) or should I rent a car?
Wave sailing trip in Maui: where to stay?
Required vaccinations for New Zealand
How to buy tickets for country to country within Europe
"Safe" typical dishes to order away from the tourist trail in Thailand when English is not supported?
Which Greek islande of the Cyclades is the most wild, or the most quiet?
Can I buy a plane ticket from A-B-C but get on the plane at B?
How to filter flights by arrival time?
Booking hostel (in Europe) without credit card?
Pakistani Traveller in Australia, who wants to apply for USA visa
How many days in a row can a Canadian citizen stay in the US?
Venice (Treviso) to Ljubljana
US tourism/business visa from non-resident country
What is this strange monument near Bamberg Altenburg?
Heading to WC2014 Qualifier @ Wembley
Can I change VWP status by going to Canada
Why do some accommodations in the Khao San Road area of Bangkok only offer Wi-Fi during daytime hours?
Re-entering Singapore on a multiple-entry visa
In which countries are the visitor's first name and last name compulsory?
How to pack for traveling by airplane with windsurfing gear?
Am I expected to tip for room service on top of the Service and delivery fee?
Is liability insurance required in order to rent a car?
Is there another way to cross the Iran-Pakistan border overland? i.e. not going via Zahedan/Quetta?
Shipping motorcycles from Russia to USA
Brussels At Halloween
Can I use a photocopy of a passport to check in for a Chinese Domestic flight?
Is it safe to go to Içmeler, Turkey now?
Indian Visa in expired passport, new passport with husband's surname
Information about public transport in Greece
Is there any departure tax to pay at the airport when leaving Thailand?
How many jetways are used when boarding a Boeing 777 in SFO?
USA - ESTA for 5-month stay
What is the period of validity for a Power of Attorney letter for a child travelling with a parent?
Is there an 'ideal' crossing between Michigan and Ontario?
Why doesn't Saudi Arabia issue tourist visas?
What does the (+1) mean in flight search engines?
How to safely carry an important document in a nonstandard format?
Is there anywhere in Toronto where I can sell Moroccan dirhams (MAD)?
How to get same-day emergency money in Thailand?
Larger metal objects in hand luggage
Are there LPG gas stations for cars travelling between Sydney and Melbourne?
Losing everything - ways get money for an emergency
Searching for an Asian flight that provides a facility for divers to not pay an extra fee from Tehran to Phuket
Does the Lao visa on arrival at the Thai border require a full blank passport page for Australians?
Is it legal to peel off a visa from your Australian passport?
Renting bicycles in Leipzig
Long layover at Charles de Gaulle airport
How do I insure my money?
Airport transit in Amsterdam
How to collect online travel information in a book?
How to prevent the passenger in front of you from reclining without notice?
Are there direct flights from Santiago, Chile to Quito, Ecuador?
Mount Everest without the crowd
Are Australian passports expensive in comparison to other western / developed countries?
Meeting other people while traveling
How do I avoid snoring when sharing a room in a hostel or lodge?
Connecting flights between Newark Liberty and JFK -- what to do with layover?
How can I purchase Greyhound tickets online if I'm a non-American?
Exchanging Dollars for Yuan
Is 2h 5m enough time for a layover in Toronto for a SCL-YYZ-LHR flight?
Does my case count as overstaying on a Schengen visa?
Is the date on my Thai arrival and departure card the last day I'm allowed to be in the country or the first day I must be out of the country?
What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?
Why are airline passengers asked to lift up window shades during takeoff and landing?
Singapore transit visa
Is feasible to visit Old Montreal or Downtown during a 12-hour layover?
How could I have traveled to the US without having my ESTA checked? Is it really needed?
Trees in the Rhine Valley in early November
Routing considerations for a commercial flight from Brisbane to Vietnam
Documentation for one parent traveling with infant, Australia to Japan
Indian visa re-entry and cancellation
First time in Barcelona: affordable places to eat for a student
Are there subcategories of seats even within economy class?
International to US Domestic transfer baggage fees
Crossing border from Phnom Penh, Cambodia to Tay Ninh, Vietnam
Airport security compatible container for small amounts of alcoholic spirits (drinks)?
Distance and hours between Phnom Penh and Tay Ninh
What happens if you don't have a passport photo when you get to the Laos border for a visa-on-arrival?
Does the Laos ANZ bank help with replacement ATM/VISA cards for Australian and New Zealand ANZ bank customers?
Where does the Zagreb airport bus leave from at the bus station?
Working out the best European country to post a parcel from to Australasia?
Weather map for US coasts including past patterns and monthly averages?
Different liquid restrictions in China and Philippines
Is there any smart tip to choose seats on aeroplane?
Transportation and cost to get to Tay Ninh from Ho Chi Minh City?
Prepaid nano SIM for an unlocked iPhone in Malta?
Thai drivers license in Costa Rica
Museums about Japan's World War II history
Is it legal for officials to hold my foreign driver's license as a guarantee for a traffic fine?
Leaving Schengen region to reset 90 days
Is the visa-free entry to Schengen region multiple entry or single entry?
Hand Truck for Air Travel
Adaptors that work in the various electricity outlets in Europe
Extra baggage fees - Per flight or per ticket?
Arrivals forms or customs agents may ask if you packed your own bags. Must I pack them myself or is it OK to answer in the negative to this question?
Is the tapwater at Walt Disney World fluoridated?
Is travelling as an international courier still a possibility for cheap air travel?
Is it difficult to find my next transit flight at Dubai airport?
One way ticket to Seoul with Canadian Passport?
Is there any need to register my arrival in Dubai/UAE?
Is it acceptable to use resort beach towels at another beach?
Oyster charges for multiple routes between two places
Joining the hop-on/off tour of Paris from CDG airport
Is it possible to place a "reverse charges" or "collect" telephone call from Laos? How?
What type of power outlets are used in Bath, UK?
Are there any Carsten Höller slides in museums/galleries in Central or Eastern Europe?
What's the easiest (and ideally safest) way to get from Dubai to Abu Dhabi?
What if I don't take my last transfer at British Airways
What is cheapest way to fly around SE Asia in a circuit - hub with roundtrip tickets or sequence of oneway tickets?
When is the Chiesa di San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore open?
Are many sites closed during New Years Day in Milan?
Quebec, responding to French in English: faux pas?
EU/Schengen: Is a visa required if you have work permit?
EU: Medical insurance mandatory at border control?
How can I avoid or minimise haggling without causing offence?
How do you find quiet and well-equipped places to work in cities when travelling?
What differences are there between First Class and Business Class on BA long-haul?
Status of David Gareja - rocky monastery on the top of the mountain
IGCSE to apply for Australian visa
What is typical (traditional) Lao / Laotian food?
Is it possible to travel the route Kamchatka-Kurils-Hokkaido alone at the end of Sept-Oct?
Are there any "extended stay" or "multiroom suites" in hotels in England?
Will I need a double entry visa for Russia?
Pacific islands where you can see natives who don't wear clothes?
UK visa submission after biometric scanning
How to find a co-working space in Lille as a tourist?
How do I transport a foldable lawn chair via Airline baggage?
Transit through Stockholm (Schengen) from Beijing to Ukraine?
What happens when an ATM in a country you're travelling through eats your card?
Chance of getting UK Standard Visitor visa without booking flights for application?
Will name change affect Brazilian visa (or passport in general)?
Where is this fountain (from Counter-Strike)?
Transit visa for Narita
How safe are cable cars?
What's the typical worst-case for security timings at London City?
Can I wear all types of military surplus clothing in Germany?
Is there Spanish assistance for connecting flights within the USA?
Can I go through security in LHR terminal 5 if my flight is out of terminal 3?
Guide to Grand Canyon wildlife
Is sleeping outside really illegal in Laos? If so does that mean no camping too?
Day trip or weekend trip from Vientiane, Laos?
Do I need a carnet for travelling in/between countries in southern Africa?
Is there a cheap(ish) way from Brisbane airport to the central business district late at night?
How many 6,000 meter peaks are there in Asia? In the world?
Overnight train: London to Berlin
Do l need a transit visa for Turkey?
Dusseldorf Weeze Airport to Stuttgart by night
Can I enter Thailand without having my passport stamped?
Is it possible to stay in Laos for one year with tourist visas only?
Are Miles & More award miles due for Y class travel?
Can Eurail pass be used for CityNightLine overnight trains?
Do we have to share overnight train rooms in Europe?
Overnight train luggage safety concerns in Europe
Where is "Zaouiate Oued Ifrane"?
Getting Schengen Visa within a week of traveling?
Are there any guest houses close to the Buddha Park in Vientiane, Laos?
What times do hostels allow you to check in?
Chinese visa limited to 30 days (new immigration law)?
Single-entry visa with multiple trips in short time
Why does an airline include "seamen" in its list of special requests?
What is a "private transfer" as it relates to traveling?
A Prepaid Sim card data 3G for the use in Egypt, Israel and Jordan
Safety tips when carrying a large sum of money
Is it legal to look for work in the US while on a B1/B2 (Business Visitor) visa?
Is there a certain length of time in which you are allowed to travel with the Schengen area? Or Is at each countries discretion?
Alaska, from Anchorage to Fairbank, car/hotel vs MotorHome
Travel to Turkey, How to Insure travel in case of Travel Advisory and Escalation
Is it permitted to look for a job while visiting the US under the Visa Waiver Program?
Red triangle, yellow jackets, etc. for rental cars in France
Which AA Admirals' Club location at DFW is most comfortable?
What is the use of all these towels?
Which airlines give fast-track security access at Edinburgh airport?
When should one travel by car instead of train when traveling France?
Australian resident working in the UK - Can I apply for a French Visa from the UK?
Canadian wants to exit and re-enter Beijing without a visa, during 72 hour TWOA (Transit Without Visa)
How to hide your bodily odors after a long flight?
Sleeper train for Paris to Milan
Where is Kechror, Turkey?
Schengen transit visa for a Sri Lankan
Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama?
Where to obtain boarding passes when travelling with distinct airlines?
Departure options after Schengen visa?
Schengen visa refused
How can I buy an e-ticket for Netherlands train if I don't have a Dutch bank account?
A Sunday in Galway, Ireland. Are many tourist type things closed?
Travelling to Canada after 90 days in USA
Preventing theft in Western Europe
How secure is the Shanghai Airport left luggage facility?
How to pick a walking tour group, when there's a choice?
Can I use a Prepaid Tmn sim from Portugal, outside Portugal (e.g. Spain, Italy)?
Clearing Customs and skipping connecting flight at ORD?
How dangerous is Bratislava for pedestrians?
Temporary bank account in Ukraine for a foreign traveler?
What are the advantages of booking through a booking site instead of booking directly with the hotel?
Work as freelancer while tourist in US
Are there any countries where red clothing is frowned upon?
Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?
Unexpected hospitalization in the EU without EHIC, am I covered?
Does Matrazenlager-style accommodation exist outside mountain huts?
Will it be easy to find an automatic transmission car to rent in Killarney?
What gallery is Michelangelo's David in?
Motorbike rental in Japan
Is there a website that lists the cheapest flights to meet between two cities?
Beaches on lakes in Germany - security aspects
Simple, safe beach towns in southern California with at least a supermarket in walking distance?
Tourist maps online for Japan?
Is it possible to manage without cash, but with credit cards only when visiting San Francisco?
Connection in Johannesburg - Can I leave the airport with a Brazilian passport?
What are the Phone, Data, and SMS service options for a foreigner in Japan?
Beach North Italy
How can I see the Berlin Wall?
Travelling to London from US with an F1 Visa for vacation
B1 Visa - I want to travel through USA without activating my 6 month B1 as I need all of it for a volunteer project
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
When walking on the road, is it safer to walk in the same or opposite direction as the traffic?
Connecting through Toronto on separate tickets
Can I travel in Croatia using only Euro?
Is there a resource with tips to hitchhike?
Do I need to pick up my luggage and re-check between Shanghai and DFW when connecting through LAX?
What to do about my US iPhone while traveling around Europe?
Roaming charges from country to country in Europe
Is a European Union (Slovakia) driver's licence valid in the US?
How to recognise/thank great cabin crew?
How long does it take for a SIM card to activate (Europe)?
Does the Havnebus 991/992 ferry in Copenhagen give a similar experience to the more expensive Canal Tours
Schengen tourist visa refused. Can I appeal for reconsideration?
What type of visa do you need if you drive to an airport in another country?
Are there reliability statistics for overnight trains between Melbourne and Sydney?
Can I check in more than one bag with Qatar Airways?
On a long drive in France are there places to shower and securely park my car?
Are there sleeper trains going from Northern Italy to the Rhine Valley (Germany)?
Is public transport in Naha, Okinawa good enough for day trips?
Are there other sites such as Rome2Rio?
Airplane carry-on allowance and plastic bags
Airport security checkpoint controlling carry-on luggage amount?
Transit visa travelling from Canada to India via Germany
Staying in in London Heathrow Airport overnight?
Do US citizens need a visa for Turkey?
What are the procedures and documents necessary when traveling to France from the UK (not by plane)?
Hiring bikes at Lago di Garda - Desenzano
Are US visa applications still being processed under a partial government shutdown?
Customs check when flying in a corporate plane
Does the US governmental shutdown affect traveling to/from the US and if so, how?
Vegan dining options on Maui
US domestic flight without passport for a foreigner
How can I reliably make myself a cup of coffee in my hotel room that doesn't suck?
Does the US Government shutdown make me stateless (like Viktor Navorski)?
How many laptops can I carry to India from Australia without Duty
I have discovered that the hotel room toilet is blocked, but too late. What should I do?
Can passengers visit the flight attendants' sleeping quarters?
How to deal with a full trash can for used toilet paper where you are not allowed to flush the toilet paper?
Which airports are worth visiting as destinations in themselves?
What u.s. car insurance is there for my British Land Rover with British plates?
I recently got a long term Resident Visa for Poland can I transit through Denmark?
Do I have to purchase tickets with the airline's credit card to get the benefits?
Northern Lights in Alaska
Can I extend a tourist visa in India?
Can I get a Schengen visa after being deported from the UK 3 years ago?
What is the difference between customs and immigration?
Copenhagen at night
Am I allowed to own a foreign flag?
Can I go outside the airport if I'm flying transit, and if visa not required for my citizenship?
Which Dijon station does the Milan-Paris Thello train stop at?
Why are some routes unable to be booked on DB's website?
Can I visit UK with Italian stay permit?
Phones for use in India
Traveling from Salt Lake City to Denver in late Autumn
Closest skiing to Indochina
Travel to Jersey for UK Biometric Resident Permit Holders
Is it possible to rent a car on Île des Pins in New Caledonia?
Traveling through Munich Airport
How do I change my TGV reservation to allow for print-at-home option?
Can you still travel to a Schengen country on a Schengen visa, even if your UAE residence visa is expiring next month?
Where can I drink draught Beerlao in Vientiane?
Cruise embarks in Rome, visits mainly Greece ports and disembarks in Athens where I am flying out of also, which country to apply Schengen Visa in?
Can I leave O'Hare airport during my layover?
What does a Mb on average costs on a prepaid sim card in the US?
How to get around in coastal southern Chile now that the Navimag ferry is suspended?
Transit visa at sweden for syrian
Which backpack theft protection features are there, and which of them work?
How long does my passport have to be valid for a layover in the US?
Why do passports expire?
What are the options for a non-EU national who wants to stay in Italy for more than 90 days?
Cheap airport hotel at Sheremetyevo International Airport
Luggage shipping service within Copenhagen Kastrup airport
What limitations are there on my 4 month old UK driving licence for use travelling across Australia?
Biometric passport: How can I know if the chip is still working? Does it matter?
Visit Germany from Vietnam
How can I check if I'm allowed to take a rental car from Argentina to Chile?
How long do I have to leave South Africa before returning?
Landing midnightish in Russia: Am I stuck?
What times do the Sydney international and domestic airports open and close?
What are typical internet connection speeds in Colombia?
Where is the highest Bungee jump above sea?
Can Filipino citizens get a visa upon arrival in South Korea?
Where can I try a locally brewed Porter in London?
How can I travel between San Juan and Fajardo, Puerto Rico?
Which language should I learn for a trip to Bali?
15 Hours Layover in NRT
Visa issue: need to extend visa for more period
What is the advantage(s) to buying tickets beforehand vs at the station for rail travel in Europe?
Is it true that random scanning at Airports require passenger to be half naked?
Skiing in Morzine
Is Stockholm's amusement park "Gröna Lund" open during the Christmas season?
Can growing a beard cause problems in crossing borders?
Are there guesthouses or cheap accommodation on the road between Vientiane and Savannakhet?
Will my German Aldi Talk work in Austria?
Can I use my German T-mobile Prepaid Xtra Tripple card in Austria?
Visiting Australia - Can I go for a week, leave for two weeks, and come back for two months?
SA nationals in transit from Canada to Jo'burg through LHR - landside visa required?
How late can I purchase Deutsche Bahn savings fare?
Dizziness while flying
Cheapest flight generally from Ulan Bator to a country an Australian citizen doesnt need a full page visa for?
Carnival in Venice - what to expect
How can I get a list of countries where I can enter without a visa?
Can I apply for a Schengen visa of the first port of entry or does it need to be the country of the longest duration?
What to do if a mail-to-home train ticket is estimated to arrive after you leave?
Easiest way to get to Paraguay from Puerto Iguazu?
What are my options to get to Montevideo from Buenos Aires?
Cheap accommodation in Fichtelgebirge?
Where can I get a pre-paid SIM in Wellington, NZ and do I need ID?
Stopover in Iceland (w/ Icelandair) - can I leave the airport?
Best options for crossing Lake Victoria by ferry
How to find cheap accommodation in Sydney?
UK tourism visa refused twice - if refused again should my friend appeal?
Where can I see turtles hatching or laying in southern or south-western Sri Lanka in late March?
Traveling from Bulgaria to Turkey by bus, Visa on arrival?
Going to Canada and transiting through the US
Duration of Schengen visa while travelling to non Schengen areas which allow Schengen visa
Can tourists go skiing in Yemen?
DIY London tour using public transport
Au Pair in France OFII question
How good are dentists in the United Kingdom?
Two temporary, simultaneous student visas to two different countries
Which kind of visa do I need as an expat online entrepreneur in Thailand?
Is transit visa required for London, UK when travelling from USA to India while on expired US visa?
Cockroaches in a Greek hotel, what can I do and what are my rights?
What types of plants are allowed through US customs?
Do unlimited use/season tickets for the Eurostar exist from Lille?
When do boats actually race at the Boat Racing Festival in Vientiane Laos?
Open Water Diver certification in Malaysia in the end of January
Booking hotel with my credit card for a third person. Will that person have issues at check-in?
Which mountain has the highest death ratio of hikers?
What is Successful Ratio of Climbing K2?
How safe is Macau?
Can I change a hotel booking from free cancellation rates to pre-paid rates?
San Francisco: Getting from Union Square to Hawk hill
Are there cameras inside toilets in aeroplanes and in airports?
Traveling in New York City during the marathon - how should I plan?
How to find when a previous flight occured?
Schengen visa in almost full passport
How much to store a suitcase for a month in Wellington, NZ
Unaccompanied minor allowed carrier between Tokyo and Brisbane/Melbourne
Lights on airliners
Wellington, NZ cheap camping ground within 30mins bicycle from city
Inquiry about the hot springs in Georgia
Is there a way to work on a macbook pro on >10 hour flights?
Exit Croatia into non-Schengen state with Schengen visa
Can I enter Spain with a French visa "long sejour"?
Are both the entry and exit day counted for 90/180 Schengen rule?
Why do hotel booking sites ask for the number of people? Does it matter how many I say?
Obtaining Mongolian visa in Vientiane, Laos
Internet access using mobile phone in Argentina
Cheaper Contiki-style trips than Contiki
German Work Visa Expiring soon .. Can I still travel Europe as a tourist?
Which travel option is cheapest from Suvarnabhumi (Bangkok Airport) to Huahin at night?
Public transportation from Frankfurt Hahn towards Koenigstein (Taunus)
Itinerary for a 12 Day Hiking Trip to South Island in New Zealand in December
Theft insurance in India
Where can I find out the current snow depth in Iceland?
Hiking around Iceland: Trails or walking on the ring road?
UK student visa legal situation for traveling in the EU more than 3 months without Schengen visa?
How do you drive a British car? Is it with the left hand and foot or right?
Does Japan have pubs or bars?
Nomadic lifestyle in the continental U.S.?
Valid visa in an expired US passport and an additional renewed passport
What is the best iPhone app for viewing Wikitravel offline?
How to find the arrival time of a past flight?
Mobile Internet in the Netherlands
What are my options on receiving medical help as a tourist sick in the NY?
Is it necessary to book an airport-to-private shuttle in advance?
Could you actually get in trouble if you don't stick to the transport and accommodation stated in your visa application?
Travel voucher United Airlines
Where can I charge my laptop at SFO internationational terminal?
How can I get involved socially whilst travelling without necessarily having a job?
Are there any taxes on product purchsed from US and taken to India
Process & recommendations to obtain a prepaid micro-SIM card in Jakarta (Indonesia)?
In Japan, what is a "Philippine pub"?
Restrictions for an EU citizen travelling through EU and working along the way?
Do U.S. citizens need a Russian transit visa?
Where's the cheapest place in the world for a beginner to learn diving?
Which will be the cheapest way to go to Leh from Jaipur?
Where to find a high-quality reversed map of the world?
How do we plan this multi-city and multi-country trip to be least expensive?
How long to get from Covent Garden to Heathrow?
Do I need UK transit visa?
Visiting Stonehenge on the way from London to Bristol
Why would your passports be collected on buses in Chile?
Traveling to Cancun through Zurich as the non-EU spouse of an EU citizen
Touring New York City, USA on a student's budget
How old do you have to be to get into Canada by yourself?
Why are prices published without tax in the US?
Rail&Fly: where to buy the reservation for City Night Line trains at Deutsche Bahn?
Do Argentinian ATMs only accept 4 digit pins?
Lake McKenzie turning green?
How to dress suitably for Jungfrau mountain sightseeing trip?
Are Pakistani citizens allowed to enter Goa, India?
Airbnb vs hostel near Manhattan. Is Aibnb very selective?
What visa procedures/rules apply in Australia for a Swede 2013?
First address in the US in case of missed flight
Best Greek islands for off-season travel (Late October-November)?
Are theme parks crowded on Thanksgiving day?
Overstaying ESTA Visa waiver in the US
Time to get to KUL from center of Kuala Lumpur
Russian transit Visa In Sweden
Is it safe to travel to Tunisia/Tunis with the current news? (March 2014)
How to find the closest airport in another country?
How can I search for a flight between two areas (not two cities)?
Revisiting the US after 2 months
US immigration mix-up: will it cause problems on my next visit?
Night transport from Paris CDG airport to downtown -- ticket and price?
If I leave the US how long do I have to be out of the country before I can return?
How to open a bank account in the US as a foreign traveler?
Schengen countries with a valid visa which will expire in 10 days
Boeing 787 Dreamliner Headphone adapter
Is there a usable online map site for China?
Stopovers between Hawaii, Conus and back
Cheap cafe or restaurant with Wi-Fi in Jincheng, Yunnan, China?
How can you quickly get accustomed to foreign coins?
Must I provide proof of onward travel when entering South Africa?
Tipping in hotels in Germany
In Paris, can one purchase pre-paid sim card upon arrival at CDG airport?
Transit through London for US to India roundtrip
Where to buy a SIM card in Cape Town
Boarding a sleeper compartment with a waiting list ticket and no reservation
ESTA for Outward & Return transit. UK-USA-Costa Rica
Buying a phone in the US
Prices and availability for Mandarin/TransAsia TPE-ISG charter flights
What is the penalty for exceeding the 90 day limit in Rome on an US passport
Where to shower for free in Singapore airport?
If I overstay in the Schengen area, which country would impose a fine on me?
Where in Cluj can I play airsoft?
Are there other places in Seville (Sevilla) to buy Alcázar tickets?
Throwaway ticketing: picking optimal return date
Etiquette of eating noodle soup in China
I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE?
Can I bring an anti-religious book into Saudi Arabia?
Japan: Car rental vs public transport
How safe is it to fly with Ryanair?
Uyuni, Bolivia to Iguazú, Argentina by bus
What things can I do at 4 am during 4 hours layover at the LCCT in Kuala Lumpur?
Exploring Mainland UK with an Isle of man visa
Offsetting travel cost by selling luggage space?
UK visa for three days for Bangaldeshi citizen travelling from Brussels
Valencia: Places to work temporarily
All inclusive resorts - Are they worth it compared to using hotels of the same comfort class
Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied?
Is there anywhere in the London area to experience an American-style Thanksgiving Dinner?
How and where do travel agents see much lower prices?
Where is the best place to relax after arriving in KUL
Where can I see dolphins in the sea near North-East China?
How can I reclaim for my VAT refund when leaving the UK?
Do you need a visa to visit the UK for 5 days as an Ecuadorian citizen?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa without travel insurance and a copy of the itinerary?
Schengen Visa application in status "RESOLVED"
How can I book a flight plan found on Matrix Airfare Search?
Checked baggage on a Domestic → Domestic (connection) → International transit?
US green card holder: Do I need a transit visa when my journey includes a flight within a Schengen country?
Is there a possibility the company can block my b1/b2 visa?
Are there any weekend-only tourist activities in Hong Kong?
Maximizing Loyalty Programs - For a New Road Warrior
How do I evaluate the HHonors "Earning Style" options?
Schengen visa for all-inclusive tour without hotel details
Travelling without a visa after passport was stolen
Schengen visa for two subsequent short trips: One visa or two?
Is health insurance obligatory in Ireland for non-job seekers/non-workers?
Need fast mobile internet while in Finland for 1 month
Bus routes in Delhi, India?
Why are there no 2,3,4,5 tier bunk beds on airplanes?
The percentage of "missed flights"
When going by a train from Paris to Amsterdam, can I hop off in Antwerp and then hop on again?
Carry on for domestic AA and UA flights can be put in the cargo bin?
Do I need an ESTA for changing airplanes in Puerto Rico?
Drop zones for skydiving in China
Does the US currently issue independent B1 or B2 visas, or only the combined B1/B2 visas?
Traveling to Chile without knowing Spanish?
Finding all flights for a given day with Amadeus GDS
Does having a US drivers' license reduce car insurance versus a Dutch drivers' license in the US?
Will I be granted a Swiss reunification Visa after I was refused a student visa?
Driving from Genoa to The Hague with an LPG car
drive in the US while visiting
Unable to check my Australia ETA status
Where to find wilderness in Europe?
Questions about personal interview for Dutch Schengen visa
Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa?
Touring G-Cans in Tokyo
Join the same tour by two people from different departures (countries)?
How can I find good classical music concerts in Vienna?
Touring the Large Hadron Collider
Hinatuan river ( Enchanted River )
Where can I purchase anti venoms?
Australian overseas--do I need visa to go to Schengen area?
Do I need a transit visa in Zurich on the way to India?
Are there laundry services or shops in Bangkok, Thailand?
How are the weather and vegetation in Kyoto in November-December?
Indian visa with Bangladeshi origins
USA entry and reentry
How to redeem an American Airlines voucher?
USA-Mexico Cruise Visa?
How do I change the name of a person booked on a flight ticket booked through IRCTC?
Halal Restaurants in Seoul South Korea
Indian driving license in Indonesia?
Passport pages full of stamps + valid Schengen visa
Which has better in-flight entertainment for a 7-year old and a 4-year old? KLM or Emirates?
Are there deals for multiple domestic flights in Argentina?
One-Way Car Rental from Yerevan to Tbilisi
How to obtain details (validity, number of entries) on a Singaporean eVisa?
Travel sites that offer multiple period search
Where are these white and blue buildings near water and cliffs?
I will go be in transit in Amsterdam - can I leave the international zone for a few minutes as a Tunisian?
Is Transit Visa needed for Tokyo
Is it possible to top up a TMN PT Moche PAYG phone online?
15 days Schengen visa, what are technicalities for travelling to Turkey also on the same document?
Train from Krakow to Berlin
How to recognize a good sushi place when abroad?
Storing luggage for a few hours near Jacob K. Javits Convention Center
I'm Indonesian, can I leave Frankfurt airport without a visa when I'm waiting for a connecting flight to London?
Bangkok Ekamai to Koh Chang
Netherlands Working Holiday Scheme for Aussies
Etiquette of "spitting out" bones etc in China
What is used in South America to search flights? (something like Kayak, etc)?
Are 3 hours enough layover time for transferring from EZE to AEP?
Ferry connection between Crimea - Kerch and Georgia?
Travelling to Morocco with two passports (one is Moroccan), which one to use?
U.S. Citizen Wants to Travel to UK, but take side-trip to Spain?
Can a group of people become a travel agent, with the purpose to get access to direct acess to professional travel resources?
Which airport has better connections with the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus in Hinxton, Stansted or Cambridge?
"One of the most dangerous roads in the world": Where is it?
Can I leave Vancouver airport, flying from Manila, with a Philippine passport, valid Canadian Visa, with connecting flight to Montreal?
Buying second-hand winter clothes in northern China
Russian visa for my Chinese wife
City centre of Lucerne in Google map
I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled. Can I still travel then?
Can you travel to the UK with an EU national Identity card that is only valid for another week upon return?
When going through customs to catch a connecting flight, can I re-check baggage later?
Is an EU residency permit for EU nationals a valid travel document within the EU?
Can I change terminals in Heathrow to access airport lounges?
How much is a boat trip from Venezuela to Trinidad?
Can a Canadian on an expiring work Visa in the US leave the country and return the same day?
City centre of Zurich
What medical supplies should I take with me on a walking / biking trip in New Zealand?
Do tatkal reservations on Indian railways require any special document?
Shower at Heathrow during layover in Terminal 5
Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?
Cellphone service in Southeast Asia?
Which is the best city to stay around Milan for trips to different cities around?
Canadian citizen with British passport visiting USA
Is there an international standard for medical prescriptions, you can carry around and show to any pharmacy?
Why does Orbitz continually show flights that don't exist?
How do I find out whether my flight has WiFi?
How to use toilet paper
Non-EU citizen working in EU state, can I marry EU national living in another EU state?
How much clothing should I wear to keep warm in Hong Kong?
Process for obtaining a prepaid micro-SIM card in Brunei
Is a college degree needed to get a tourist visa?
How to find places with Wi-Fi and electricity in China?
Driving from Zurich to Milan in the winter
10-hour layover in Paris: Can I (Indian citizen with US visa), visit Eiffel Tower?
Waiting list and confirmation for trains in India
If I have Schengen visa, can I enter Schengen area from different country?
Trekking in Leh / Ladakh, India in January
Puerto de Santiago to Santa Cruz
I'm a foreigner, can I fly inside USA with my USA visa if my passport expires?
How can I get health insurance to travel through Europe?
Do I need a different Miles & More card (number) for each member of my family?
How long does it take to obtain an expedited visa in the Mongolian consulate in Hohhot, China?
How can I apply for Mexican visa
Driving through every country in Europe
How to deal with travel excitement?
Can I get my Schengen visa reissued in Germany?
Visa for a Chilean citizen joining a tour from a US agency
What if I don't know my previous visa number for the Indian e-Tourist visa application?
Getting to Mexico City Airport early in the morning
How long does it take to get from Gare du Nord to the Palace of Versailles, by public transport?
What is the driving time in a car from Zamyn-Uud to Ulaanbaatar?
Cheap method from Hamburg to Paris
Should I factor in Thanksgiving rush at Atlanta airport?
My last name is not the same on ticket as on passport; rest of details are same
Strange hotel sheets in Mongolia
Is 50 minutes of transit time ample in Amsterdam airport?
Do airlines fly directly over the North Pole?
What are some safe places to travel in South America?
What is a good gift for hospitality in Nepal
Which travellers in Mongolia have to register, and how?
How to declare value of checked in luggage?
Is it possible to check Hong Kong duty free prices for alcohol online?
Boarding a train in India at another station
Where can I find information on the "themed trail" in Lauterbrunnen Valley?
From where can I see the Iglesia De Los Remedios with the volcano Popocatépetl behind it?
Transiting at Kota Kinabalu Airport
Husband to apply Schengen business visa, can he apply for his wife's visa?
Budapest - New Year's Eve
At what kind of eateries can you have a lamb roast in Australia?
How can I find out what places in Central Europre can be reached in a given time from a city by public transport?
Does the route NRT - SIN fly through the East China Sea ADIZ China declared by China in November of 2013?
Are the Bodleian Library's Magna Cartas on show?
Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?
Renting a van for 6-7 people in Australia
Is there a map or resource that represents the distance in terms of time instead of Km or Miles?
Skiing in the French Alps - by Van
When backpacking, what is the best way to protect my valuables?
KUL-MNL-KUL - I will only use my MNL-KUL
Can I carry One office laptop, one personal laptop and one Surface tablet?
Wrong ID proof selected for UK train ticket
Is it possible to travel to Israel if it's not recognised by your passport's country?
What ground transportation is available between Torres Del Paine and Los Glacieres?
Does a Swiss Pass entitle me to any discounts when leaving Switzerland?
Besides Arab/Muslim countries re Israel, are there other countries which don't recognize passports of any other countries?
Are there online maps showing the speed limit on the German highways?
Do all GPS devices support all major regions?
Is there a website that reviews car hire/rental companies?
Is it legally required for visitors to Jamaica to have certain vaccinations in order to enter the country?
Can I do anything useful with a small number of soon-to-expire US Air Miles?
How can I get boarding card in UK Gatwick airport with Direct Airside Transit Visa (DATV)?
How do you call a local service number, when abroad?
What's the cheapest way to fly to Cuba?
Is it possible to get a VAT refund on goods I purchased in the UK if I'm departing Europe from Paris?
How bad is traffic from Boston to New York City on New Years Eve?
Traveling to the US with a criminal record
Two Weeks in Cambridge (England), practicing sport in group
Student train discounts in Germany without BahnCard?
Where was the famous XP desktop background taken?
What is the quality of the rafting on the Nile at a Jinja after the damming of Bujagali Falls
Can my mother meet my BF in T5 first class lounge even though she flies to/from T2 & T3?
Non greedy hostel or guesthouse in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia?
How to get from Detroit Airport to Greyhound Station?
Buying extreme cold weather "mickey mouse boots" (Bunny boots) in Seoul
Finding the "Airport Express Shuttle Bus" at Hong Kong station?
Can you get a refund on your Octopus Card deposit at Hong Kong airport?
UAE Tourist Visa validity and how many days I'm allowed to stay?
Do I need a transcript to re-enter the US along with my F1 visa and I-20 form?
What are the immigration times like at Entebbe airport?
Can I bag wrap my suitcase at Leeds railway station?
How useful are bitcoins when it comes to traveling?
Can a hotel kick you out if you let an unregistered guest share a room with you?
Russian visa goes in effect at what time?
Can hotel kick me out into ice storm if I don't have more money?
Good area in Hong Kong for buying Electronics Accessories?
What is proper etiquette on bringing one night stands to a hotel room?
Schengen visa maximum duration of stay exceeded due to flight change
Dubai (UAE) visa requirements when staying in the airport for a French citizen?
Can tourists get French cheque books?
How to get from Copenhagen airport to Odense (Denmark)?
I want to travel to the USA as a tourist while I'm employed by a US employer
Bargaining at street stalls and secondhand shops in Mongolia
Is it normal to haggle for the price of cheap hotel rooms in China?
"Cheek kissing" between men in Mongolia
US dollars in Jamaica
Travel between Odessa and Tiraspol
Is possible to visit all Iceland sights in April/May?
Is a 4x4 a must in Iceland in April/May?
What are logistics like for a solo skier visiting Salt Lake City/Park City?
Should I avoid Shanghai because of air quality problems?
Can you just charge your phone/ipad/laptop at the airport at any outlet?
Somewhere tourists can lightly study Mongolian calligraphy in Inner or Outer Mongolia?
Is there any way to avoid clammy hands/face on a long trip?
Small, warm towel on an airplane - what is it for?
Is December & January a good time to visit East Malaysia (sabah region, Borneo) for its wildlife?
In Asian restaurants and airlines is it correct etiquette to use the hot towel on my face?
Kazakhstan transit visa costs
Throat singing lessons in Mongolia
What should I do to protect data when going across the US border with a computer?
How do I find cheap flights when I don't care about the date?
Which digits should I eliminate when giving my number to foreign travellers so as to not confuse them?
Travelling from US to Sri Lanka, do I need transit visa for Canada?
Can you buy duty free alcohol at Hong Kong International Airport for travel to Australia?
Can you be legally bumped or taken off a flight AFTER boarding?
Will airlines object to me booking separate "legs" of the same journey individually?
Transit via UK from US to Ghana (same day flight/US visa): Do I need a UK transit visa?
Is the airlink bus to Edinburgh airport cash only?
How can I convert my French driving license to a Massachusetts driving license?
I am a dual Australian/British citizen with an expired emergency Aussie passport and a valid UK passport. What are my chances for an Aussie visit?
Schengen visa for Amsterdam and Paris
Schengen Visa - Change of Destination?
Will Schengen grant me visa which covers the transit time in Romania?
How often do businesses refuse Massachusetts Liquor ID as a proof of age?
How do I know if my US phone will work overseas?
Is 6 weeks long enough to go from Lima, Peru to Buenos Aires?
J1 visa applying for Canadian student visa
Door stopper for hotel room
Preparing money for a visit in Dubai
How to get from Rzeszów to Lviv?
What should I do to avoid ear pain when flying?
Dual Colombian and US Citizenship - can I enter Brazil visa-free as a Colombian?
Why would anyone fly any other airline besides Southwest?
Are flights (generally) cheaper on Friday the 13th, compared to regular Fridays or 13ths?
Prepaid mobile phone package for Frankfurt, Germany
What does "M" signify in Emirates Economy flight
Where is the night market in Ayutthaya (Hua Raw area)?
What are the risks drinking tap water in Laos?
Two passports one with J1 visa
Employed but no income tax receipts present right now... How to apply Schengen visa?
Whose responsibility is update to meal preference?
What is the easyjet hand luggage weight limit?
Travelling to Romania on a short stay Schengen visa issued by France?
Will my luggage be delivered to final destination?
Which locations are traditionally Santa's home - i.e. where can you visit Santa Claus year-round?
Travel insurance for Schengen visa (for a Filipino couple)
Is there a best time of day and day of the week to book affordable flight tickets?
Travelling to the US on the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) to attend a job interview
Pre-war travel ban
Baggage allowance inquiry with two different airlines in one ticket
Can I leave Istanbul airport on a 22-hour layover without taking my luggage?
Can I visit tourist attractions while on Umrah/Hajj visa in Saudi Arabia?
Gossip Girl Locations in NYC
Can I spend some time in a real prison as a tourist attraction?
I want to get lost in France for at least three weeks
What is the best time to book the car train to Livorno?
Traveling into Brazil from Bolivia by land/bus
Canada's Automatic Border Clearance for visiting citizens
Will my checked luggage freeze in the airplane?
Do the Hong Kong metro lines have numbers?
Does the Hong Kong metro map give interchange direction suggestions?
Schengen Visa for two stopover in Germany?
Do people travel to the Senkaku (Diaoyu) Islands?
How do I get to Abant Lake from Istanbul?
Zazen meditation and stay in Tokyo Japan (shukubo)
When to hug, kiss, shake hands, or even "fist bump" in Europe?
Are there countries where I shouldn't offer to shake hands with people of the opposite sex?
How can I go to the top of Aiguille du Midi in France?
Is there a reason why airlines prevent laptops from being used during takeoffs and landings even though some allow tablets and smartphones?
Where do you collect hire cars at Noumea Tontouta airport?
Is there a business class lounge at Noumea Tontouta airport?
Travelling while afflicted with Delhi Belly?
Baggage didn't clear customs - how do I get it?
Drive from Puerto Iguazú to Foz do Iguaçu
True current process of extending Mongolian tourist visa
How to find the genuine websites for consulates, embassies, and immigration offices around the world?
Stopover of 5 hours at tokyo NRT should I buy transit visa traveling from US to India
How can I measure and log the amount of radiation while being on a plane?
Transiting from Ghana to Trinidad via U.S.A
How do I travel with musical instruments?
Turkish Airlines rules to get free accommodation on long layovers
Why do you need to be Brazilian to buy a discounted Brazilian domestic flight ticket?
At Brisbane King George Square bus station, how do you find out where your bus goes from?
At Brisbane Cultural Centre busway station, how do you know where on the platform to wait for a given bus?
Can you access the Roma Street Parklands from Roma Street Station, without a train ticket?
Would China to Taiwan and back again count as another entry into China?
Where to change Mongolian tugriks to Chinese RMB?
How to know which ATMs in Mongolia accept Cirrus cards which are not Mastercards?
Why do airlines prohibit having two infants in the same row?
How to choose a cafe/coffee shop when travelling?
Where can I find the official Duty Free allowances for New Caledonia?
Is it possible for me to get a shareride from Las Vegas to Yosemite National Park?
What is this Queensland lizard/dragon, and is it friendly or dangerous?
Drinking "wild" coffee in Ethiopia
Will I need snow chains to travel from South Lake Tahoe to Las Vegas in late January?
Airline credit refund
What kind of power plug adapter do I need in Argentina and Chile?
Can I fly in a cargo airplane?
Why aren't conventional mercury thermometers allowed onboard?
Tourist guide for self-made holiday
Where can we find information about the cause of a flight's delay?
Is there a ferry running from Mwanza (Tanzania) to Kisumu (Kenya)? Schedules?
Are there tips and tricks to overcome a fear of flying?
Is it possible to go Robinson Crusoe in the Bahamas?
Can I be part of the audience in The Daily Show as a tourist?
Can a child still visit the cockpit during flight?
Is there a thematic train trip based on Christmas?
Visiting Greece with back-to-back Schengen visas (One from Germany, other from Italy)
How to deal with flight attendants behaving unlawfully?
Flying with a baby, changing diapers onboard
Adapter in Koh Chang?
Can I visit the UK in the final week of my visa?
Theme parks about Japan outside of Japan
What city is this city scape?
What destinations does Air Calin class as long haul?
Power supply stabilizer or inverter for use of European laptops in Laos?
Once in Israel, are tourists allowed to exit to the areas outside of the Israeli responsibility (Palestinian areas)?
Vehicle shipping between Europe and the Caribbean
What does this long yellow sign mean in Indonesia?
How to find out if a Canadian cellphone works abroad?
I need to get a 3 month extension on my ESTA visa
SCS Implant airport security fears
How to visit Stonehenge from Bristol or Bath?
London Oyster Card - unusual requests
At what age an infant can start flying?
Where can I read about the food safety ratings in restaurants in China?
Is "gutter oil" a problem in any other country besides China?
Best ways to transfer Euros from French bank to Indian bank
What transport to use from Galata Bridge to Esenler Otogar?
Where can I visit the only two escalators in Wyoming?
Cheaper alternatives to travel to Hokkaido?
Is perfume/cologne purchased from abroad "better" than if bought in the United States?
If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?
Does Air Europa require a tourist visa to Cuba?
Overstaying Schengen Visa for 1 day
Is it possible to appeal a refused Schengen visa? (Germany short stay holiday visa was refused)
Refund rules for a confirmed ticket vs non-confirmed ticket booked through Tatkal scheme of Indian railways
With Jetstar domestic flights in New Zealand, can you use multiple bags in your luggage allowance?
How to stay up-to-date regarding transport affected by recent turmoil in Thailand
What is Air China required to do if they cancelled a Chinese domestic flight 40 days in advance?
I want to start logging my air travels, will pilots accept to sign my log book?
Are there any vessels from French Guiana to Europe?
Have I invalidated my own ESTA and if I fly to Mexico does that mean I will not be allowed back into the States?
Do roll-on/roll-off (RORO) ships take passengers and their car?
Can I visit all the countries in the Schengen area with a national visa?
Prepaid mobile sim that will work for Paris and London
If I am from Canada and my girlfriend is from Sweden, what visas do we need (each) for traveling to South East Asia?
Getting a passport stamp while walking across a EU border
Can I get a working visa for Sweden if I am a Canadian Citizen? Can I get more than one?
Going to gyms in Japan
Can tourists or other travellers in China get in trouble for using a VPN or other method to get around the "Great Firewall"?
Is it safe to drink tap water in New Zealand?
Is a flight number unique for the schedule, origin and destination?
How do you get your refund for a Greyhound bus refundable ticket in the US?
Where to buy cheap secondhand samue and yukata in Tokyo?
is this a chip & signature amex?
Connecting flight in Dubai
Are there any ships that go from Australia/New Zealand to Kiribati?
When traveling outside scandinavia while being intolerant to lactose, how can I still enjoy a latte?
How long does it take to transfer from Terminal 3 to Terminal 1 at SFO?
Can I pick up my luggage between flights with the same company?
In which places in China can travellers not stay at just any random local hotel?
Is there a tourist destination where the new year starts first and at the same time the old year ends last?
Will I be able to benefit from free movement in Europe
What Bur Dubai or Deira attractions open on Friday mornings?
European data SIM plan
Pre-paid debit card in Canada
Buy bus ticket on line for use between Paraguay and Argentina
Where to buy zafu (can be secondhand) in Tokyo or Kyoto
How much is Complement de Parcours?
Is smoking weed legal or just tolerated in Colorado?
Travel time from Burj Khalifa observation deck to DXB Terminal 3 without taxi
What is the minimum age to drive a rental car in the US?
Can I opt to disembark on a stop over (if I am a national of that country) before the second leg of the journey?
How cheap are the cheapest accommodations in Saudi Arabia?
Transit visa for Hong Kong, as a Pakistani National
Internet cafe with Wi-Fi in Hohhot, China?
Singapore events and attractions open at Chinese New Year
Holidays in Brazil without Portuguese
Can I pay for one traveler's round trip fare to Scotland and use miles for the other traveler's fare on United?
Are there "issues" when wanting to travel to, from, between Pakistan, India and Bangladesh?
Is there a resource that lists airport taxes?
Will I need a US visa
How to get to and from Cayo Coco in Cuba
Boarding pass with TSA pre-check mark — what does it mean?
Can I travel to France for the second time with my visa type D?
ATM charge in Euros or Swiss Francs
Can I re-book my flight in Cebu Pacific over the counter or like walk in passenger?
How can I minimize the weight of the suitcase of my checked in luggage?
What is the best strategy to exchange money to GBP in London?
Why do countries require validity of 6 months for passports?
Why are some non-NEXUS travellers sent through the NEXUS line at Pearson?
Do I need to get USD to travel in Argentina?
Why do flight attendants still give safety instructions if the plane has screens installed in all seats?
Italy Schengen tourist visa Funds documentation
If travelling through excessively cold regions, what steps should you take to keep your vehicle warm enough to drive?
Bringing cooked meat to Germany?
Does the choice of aircraft affect my survivability during an emergency?
Are there flight tours over Antarctica?
Does an (almost) full passport increase the time you spend at immigration?
UK tourist visa refused 3 times. Need to get there for flight home
Is there a website that would let me book charter flights online?
A ticket or a receipt?
Are feathers in my hat allowed through UK & Irish customs?
Accommodation in South America - book here or just rock up and find there?
Is it possible to super fast-track an application for a Taiwanese citizen to visit the US?
e-cig on board 18 hour flight
What are the regulations for transporting medication abroad?
Mixed-gender naked swimming pools in Finland
With an Advanced Purchase UK train ticket, what happens if your train is cancelled?
As an EU national, if you live in France for a few months, what are the rules around registration / tax / etc?
What happens with checked luggage with an airport change?
Entering Schengen region before 180 days in 90/180 rule
Puebla Airport to and from Puebla
How to get back to Sathorn pier from Yaowarat?
What are my public transport options in Tbilisi and further afield in Georgia
How can I apply for an Irish tourist visa?
What is an open ticket?
Schengen visa for Thai wife residing in the UK with her British citizen husband
Transit Schengen Visa
Can a child travel on a parent's passport to New Zealand?
Could leaving a TSA notice of baggage inspection visible in my suitcase upon opening help it avoid inspection?
Can I travel without a visa by boat from Dubai to Ireland?
Are there any places to snorkel in Auckland?
Discrepancy in address on passport and DS-160 form
Finding the station to get off at in Vancouver
Almost 24 hour over night layover in Helsinki
Can insurance for two [couple?] be used for one traveller?
Eligible to get compensation on rebooked EU flight itinerary?
London Eye in January: is it practical to just take my chances and not book in advance?
Can I travel to other European Countries on my Visa?
How to avoid 'bad' neighborhoods
Travel Doctor vs GP for vaccinations
Which ferry from China to South Korea is the cheapest?
Using emergency US passport to leave/enter UK while UKBA is reviewing my visa
Flight connections in JFK
I put an incorrect nationality on my Air Asia booking
Airlines refusing check-in without return ticket
Is there any way to obtain tickets for the Taj Mahal night viewing without being in Agra?
Late night taxis from San Jose Airport, Costa Rica (SJO)?
CA DMV: What happens once my temporary license expires?
What are the differences between French road signs and American road signs?
Accommodation that accepts foreigners in Dandong, China
How useful is a car to visit San Francisco?
If I buy a Renfe ticket online, in what form do I get the actual ticket?
Is a Mexican passport needed to fly into Mexico from the United States?
As an Argentinian citizen, can I attempt to look for a job in Germany while touring?
How to get from Cuzco, Peru to El Calafate, Argentina in 1 day (24 hours)?
Deportation from Ireland
Secondhand book market or area in Beijing?
Are official airport sites more accurate than flight tracking sites?
What to do if denied boarding due to the airlines' fault?
Car rental without a credit card in Italy?
What curfews, if any, exist in Myanmar at present?
Was this itinerary switch valid?
Port of Spain to Porlamar, Margarita - any direct flights?
US Customs when coming through Canada
What is the cheapest way to stay in London for a week?
Customs check points in Australia
What items can be taken to Australia
Uncrowded budget ski resort in the Alps with children which is also good to spend time for non-skiers
Do I have to re-enter the Schengen area to activate my second visa when traveling on back-to-back Schengen visas?
Travelling from USA to Australia
Time taken for customs check in Brisbane Australia
Can I travel to UK as tourist even my UAE residence visa was cancelled?
Will American Airlines let me fly first class by buying miles?
Can you dive into Berlin's Radisson Blu Aquadom?
"War Games" Tour
What is usually an American breakfast outside of the US?
Where exactly does the ferry depart from in Mawei, Fuzhou, China that goes to Matsu, Taiwan?
Same passport for visiting all of Africa?
UK Business Visa from India
Do any banks in USA offer tourists a checking account with debit card?
Where can I buy an electric immersion heater in Madrid, Spain
Getting visa to Japan from Shanghai
Does the duty free laptop come under 25K entitlement? (India customs)
What kind of wind gusts prevent planes from landing at Wellington airport?
Where is a tripod allowed from high up in New York City?
Traveling in the Philippines after Haiyan (Feb 2014)
Do I need a transit visa travelling from Pakistan via Turkey to Iraq?
Travelling to Romania for 4 days by Schengen visa issued by Germany?
Telecommuting with US with occasional visits on-site
Can I get a refund of some (but not all) of my Oyster Pay-As-You-Go credit?
Can I travel within US if name on ticket is abbreviated?
How long does it usually take to obtain a Sri Lankan Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETL) online?
Carrying medicines internationally for a friend
Which is the lowest budget for a trip to Indonesian Papua?
Safe to use binoculars in Dubai?
Will a US visa become invalid if I travel to the UK?
Late May or early September for a beach holiday in Kusadasi, Turkey?
Can I leave the UK and come back in, on a Tourist visa?
Will boarding a two-leg flight at the stopover airport cause any problems?
Apartment in Munich
How can I book a hotel in France for a Schengen visa without paying in advance?
What to consider for a last-minute impromptu trip to northern Sweden?
Wild game for lunch or dinner, in northern Virginia, USA?
Can I get discounts on London Buses with a National Railcard?
How do EU citizens claim healthcare bills in the Netherlands with the EHIC?
What do the Northern Lights usually look like? Are they worth questing after if you only have a few days?
SIM card on arrival in Europe (Paris)
My father's family Schengen visa (including me) got refused, will this affect my ability to get a visa on my own?
Visa for Peru for Indian National in Bolivia or Argentina?
Getting to Kazan (RU) Airport early in the morning
SIM card for weekend stay in Italy, mostly for internet access
Trans-Siberian railway to Tajikistan
How to "acquire the right" to travel within the Schengen states while on "Long term French visa"
Partial travel insurance
Hiking around Hyderabad, India?
Dual Passports: Australian and Lebanese
Are there any countries where modern devices that take 100-240V AC power won't work?
Can I get back into Australia on a tourist visa if I have an unpaid fine?
Where does my passport get entry stamp?
Documents to carry for Europe vacation travel
Customs / Immigration formalities for Europe short vacation
Which loyality program should I use for my Aerolineas Argentinas flights?
Getting from Tajikistan to China
ETA for Australia after got denied evisitor visa
Transit Visa requirement for San Francisco to Cape Town via London
Where to convert USD to AUD for maximum benefit?
Is layover of 1hr enough at Nassau Airport to catch flight to Eleuthera?
Do Brisbane and Darwin airport charge for trolley?
Is 1.25 hour layover in Turkey Sabiha airport suficient
Has Crete changed since the recession?
Get Euro currency while travelling from India
Costa Rica 6 hr taxi ride from Playa Carrillo to SJO at 4am
Can I apply for a 60-day tourist visa while I'm still in Thailand?
How to get Spain resident's discount on travel?
Do baggage cart management units at Toronto Pearson International Airport accept bills and return change?
How to get from Bradford to Heathrow Airport T4, London?
International Student From Canada travelling to South America with USA Layover (With B2 visa and trip to USA with I-192 form)
Do I need to have money when entering a country as a tourist?
UK landside visa queries
SIM for voice calls while travelling to Europe
Name mismatch on airline ticket/insurance
Do airlines prefer closed loop itineraries to Open Jaw ones?
Who pays for the return air ticket when a country refuses entry (by air)?
What is the actual (not official) size of the Ryanair "baggage sizer"?
Do I need a visa if I need to re-enter the US as an Iranian citizen?
Is a Brazilian tourist visa tied to specific entry and exit ports and dates?
TSA locks in luggage for travel to Europe
Carry domestic currency while going abroad
Use of Travel insurance while going to Europe
Bus ticket price in Salzburg (line 150)
How much to tip for a free meal in Mexico?
Sail boat from Santiago Chile to Tahiti
Buying a rail pass from a non EU country and reserving seats in advance
Activation of International roaming
How much time should I budget to see Bonito and Pantanal?
Visa-on-arrival basics
Financial support proof for France Schengen visa
Is possible to camp in a tent in Iceland in April?
Applying for Chinese visa with dual citizenship and only one passport
Why do UK people stand on the right on escalators?
Days remaining to return before American visa expires
Where in Istanbul airport can I rent a portable 3G/LTE Wifi hotspot?
Applying for Long stay visa as scientist - France with an I-20/EAD expiring soon
Travel site that found the lowest-price tickets from your current location
Can you change from a J1 visa to an ESTA by going to Mexico for a few weeks?
Do I require airport transit visa at Frankfurt?
Can I buy a Houston METRO Q Fare Card at the airport?
When are Morocco desert camel excursions available?
I am Chinese. How can I get Swedish visa in USA?
Canadian TR Visa conditions
Can I travel to Germany on a bus through France with a "Deutschland" visa not a Schengen stated visa?
Tool like Google Maps Engine (My Maps)
Legal status in the US on an H-1B visa if flights are delayed by a day?
Is there currently a problem with border crossings to Ukraine?
Single trip to conferences in two Schengen countries with one visa?
Does an APEC card reliably grant visa-free entry?
Applying twice for Schengen Visa
Getting Schengen Visa with a French resident as sponsor
Does one need a permit for personal photography in Tel Aviv Yafo?
The lost colony of Roanoke site
Do Canadian citizens need to apply for a visa to attend a job interview in the U.S.?
Travel Consent letter for child traveling with parent to Netherlands
Are mosquito nets and clothing necessary in Central and South America?
How accessible are the dirt-road parts of Iceland's ring road?
Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport. Do I need to apply for a visa?
How crowded is Iceland in summer?
Do I need to renew my passport now?
Are prices on car rental comparison sites the "real" price?
Chennai to Pune - bus or train?
Tasting typical Czech cuisine in Prague
Travelling from London to USA with a US tourist visa issued in the Philippines
Quiet beach near Istanbul
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street?
Do I have to go through customs, recheck my bag, etc. during my Heathrow layover?
Does booking directly from an airline improve customer service in resolving problems?
Electronic devices security on airplanes
Which transatlantic airline has the most leg space in coach?
Does an Indian citizen need a transit visa in Australia?
I am an Indian citizen touring Australia on a visit visa. Can I apply for NZ visa from Australia?
Israeli passport on ferry from China to Taiwan
Good and cheap hotels in Hong Kong
How to visit the US from Canada as a Polish tourist?
Transit in LA after 90 days in North America under VWP/ESTA
US Visa Waiver for Chilean Citizens, when will it go into effect?
How is a hightop different to a camper van?
How to choose where and how long to have my layover
Best option between downtown Los Angeles and LAX
Finding public toilets in Taiwan
How does data roaming work with prepaid SIM cards in Europe?
Does CBSA/ASFC's restriction on importing mattresses apply to camping mattresses?
How friendly is the Netherlands to vagabonds?
Is checkmytrip.com overloaded? Is there an alternative?
How to find budget accommodation in Iran?
Hiking rucksack with a rollmat hanging out - will it survive as checked in luggage?
One way car rental between Las Vegas and North Rim Grand Canyon
Flight Ticket to around the world
USA to India (Delhi Airport): What and how many/much is allowed?
Three Mile Island visit
10 year ban for overstaying a US visa
How to find out which way airliners bank on takeoff and landing
Tours of Abandoned stations of New York's Subway
Tromsø Aurora Borealis tours
Current state of Smoking in Paris
Philippine Airlines - power supply in economy
"Any Belgian Station" destination on the Eurostar
Direct Airside Transit Visa or Schengen visa first?
Renting a car from Milan to Switzerland
What is the cheapest way to get to and from Taipei, Taiwan to Shenzhen, China?
Big vacation in Australia
Arriving in SFO with 6 24" (61 cm) luggage pieces - will these fit in a cab to South Bay?
Airbnb: will I be charged extra $1,500 if I check out just one day earlier?
Should I leave the U.K. the day before my work visa expires?
Family visit to Disneyland Paris
Boro cab service in New York City
I have ESTA. Do I need a visa for Costa Rica?
I've got five hours in NY, what places can I visit in that time?
Applying for a visa if I am not sure to use it
Is a visa needed for Indian citizens who are U.S. permanent residents to enter Mexico?
Alternative to public hot water bath in Japan for a tattooed person
Can I get a visa on arrival for India?
Duty free shops at airport
Liveaboard on the Barrier Reef at New Years - Book now or wait to haggle?
Renting a flat in Lille for a few months - options beyond Air BnB?
Can I travel to Singapore on a visa with old passport number?
Is it safe and legal to sleep in my car in California (L.A. area)?
Can a passport survive an accidental trip through a washing machine?
What are some nice places to visit and some exciting things to do in Cyprus?
How can I use a US Xbox 360 in Beijing?
Can I drop off carry-on luggage at Heathrow and pick it up later before flight?
Can I buy pressure cookers and mixer grinders in Poland?
Is it OK to apply for a US visa from Cyprus if I am a Russian citizen?
Is it possible to get to Bornholm, Denmark from Germany or Poland by ferry during wintertime?
Good, safe place to spend a night by a roadside - Austria, Germany
Gate to gate electronic device usage on AmericanConnection/Chautauqua Airlines?
Are petrol prices in a USA state the same in every Petrol Station?
Buy flight tickets in advance or just in time for a multi-city trip in Europe
Cuban US resident traveling from Canada to Cuba and back
Carrying poster tube on Amtrak trains
How long does it take to cross the border at Iguazu Falls?
Where and when is the best time to see the tulip fields in the Netherlands?
Is it a good option to visit Ghent and Bruges in the same day?
Reusing phone from 2007
British Sunni Muslim visiting Iran with family
Misspelt address on passport
Best way to send valuable item back home while travelling (Istanbul)?
Can I apply for B1-B2 visa if ESTA is still valid?
How to buy a Probe Bahncard without username and password?
Trekking in Georgian Tusheti region? Safety?
Bus between Gothenburg Landvetter Airport and the city centre
Documents to prove sufficient means of subsistence when applying for Schengen visas for my family
UK Direct Airside Transit Visa processing time
Could a citizen of two countries eligible for 90/180 Schengen stays legally remain in the Schengen area forever through repeat visits?
Is pipe water drinkable in cities of Bergamo and Milan in northern Italy?
Renting an apartment in Bergamo, Italy
Car Seats in Saudi Arabia
Train schedules from Guangzhou, China to Shenzhen, China
Transit in Moscow airport while waiting for visa to become valid?
Is it safe to drink tap water in Darwin (Australia)?
Roadside Assistance For US Travel
USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa
Am I likely to get a cheaper flight with a long layover?
Dual Colombian and Canadian Citizenship - can I enter Brazil visa-free as a Colombian?
Is it possible for non-residents to shoot at a range in the State of Georgia (US)?
Can I use a USD travel card in Europe
I am a Romanian married to a Dominican and we want to travel to Romania what visa does he need?
Where is the most city culture rich places in Southern California?
Are there any good guides for what to take on a bicycle trek on the Pacific coast (Seattle to San Francisco)?
When is the cheapest time to visit LA?
How much cash can I carry while travelling from India to Poland?
Best time to see cherry blossoms in Japan?
How long does it take to get a tourist visa for Thailand in Chile?
Why does US Customs & Immigration ask the purpose of my trip when I'm returning home?
Multiple visits to USA
What is the least useful passport in the world, visa-wise?
International SIM Card: Travelling USA to India
Transiting in a Schengen airport with a Romanian visa
Traveling without residence card to Switzerland
I lost my Chilean tourist card! What do I do?
Does it make more sense to drive or fly from Orlando to NYC?
Are there any available spots left to hike the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu in May/June?
Are shops and museums open on Sunday in Belgium?
Locating a Sunni mosque in Worcestershire
Open spillways at Itaipu Dam
Which town/city is worth a day visit north/north-east of Paris?
Are the tax return document mandatory for a Schengen visa?
US citizen travelling to UK with expired US passport for a minor and valid UK passport
U.S. East Cost most popular spring break destinations
I want to intentionally miss a flight and continue my itinerary
When to arrive for a NBA game?
Are major tourist attractions and businesses in London closed on Sundays?
Can I cross the border into Canada using my birth certificate and a photo ID?
Travel from Hanoi to Chiang Mai via BKK by Qatar/Bangkok airways. What is the luggage allowance, how many pieces and dimensions?
Visit collaborators in Germany: visa type
Is yellow fever vaccine needed to travel to Europe?
Can I get refund from IRCTC?
One night in a traditional temple in Japan
When is the driest time to visit Ecuador's El Oriente?
Do I need a bus/train/plane ticket out of Thailand in order to get a Visa-on-Arrival?
XPT train pricing in NSW
Driving from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore for someone who is not a Malaysian or Singaporean citizen
Options for sending a message while on a Shinkansen
How to dry clothes while travelling in winter?
Air travel in Canada with a medical implant
Do I need a visa for Paris, if my connecting flight stops for 24 hours in Paris?
Which currency typically has the smallest spread (buy vs sell) in exchange offices in Serbia?
What international border crossings link Turkey, Georgia and Russia?
How to stay informed of disease outbreaks
Speed limits for drivers with less than two years experience in Germany and Poland?
Can you collect UK train tickets from machines, with a non-chip card?
Can you break your journey in both directions, on a UK off-peak return train ticket?
What is a single-entry Schengen visa?
What are transit visas?
Will using a Mexican debit card in Cuba get me in trouble in the US?
Getting from Denver International Airport to the 16th Street Mall by public transport?
Where on earth is this image from the backgrounds in Windows?
Where could I watch Mallakhamb in India - specifically in/around Delhi?
Is it safe to drink water with a strong chlorine smell?
Cheap way to get from Costa Rica to Tikal, Guatemala
One full day in Dubai, leaving the next day
Laptop/mobile device in countries with Sharia
Week-ends in Paris and in Rome, from a base in Nice
Can I enter Schengen through Athens and leave through Rome?
San Francisco to Los Angeles: bus or plane?
Taxi from Udaipur airport to Karni fort, Bambora
Dual Canadian and British citizen with only a British passport
Can I use B1 visa (Visitor-Business) to travel to the Canada without a business purpose?
What is typical buy/sell spread in cash exchange booths for EUR, USD in Serbia?
What does the TSA do with confiscated liquids?
Which trains can I take from Dusseldorf airport to Dusseldorf HBF?
How can I find bundled air fare discounts?
Is it appropriate to ask your host(el) to phone emergency services when you don't arrive?
Will I need a power converter for my laptop? (U.S. based.) to Philippines?
Is the water clean in Manila?
Do both parents need to apply for a US passport for minors?
Multiple entry visa to UK (sponsored visitor)
Are there any free camper parks in Australia?
Do Chinese citizens require a visa to go to Hong Kong for less than 7 days?
Tripod in Carry-on Luggage
Just what is unhealthy in the water in Mexico?
Why is Amtrak so expensive in the Northeastern US?
Qantas Carbon offsets are different in different directions - why?
Are there actually any hostels in Macau?
Dual Citizen (US/UK) Cuba Travel
Are Americans popular in the Philippines?
How should one tip in Manila?
How does one know if a rental car takes diesel or gasoline?
Practical aspects of security when travelling in India
How many nationalities can I have?
How to go about paying bills at home during an overseas trip?
If all I have are US dollars when I first arrive in the Philippines, is it okay to tip with that?
Making phone calls from Poland to the rest of the world over VOIP
What is a good data plan for Internet surfing in northern Italy?
What dialect of Spanish do the locals speak in Panama City?
For a Spanish visa do I need accommodation booked for the day I am due to fly out at midnight?
Getting to the Taj Mahal from Delhi and back?
Taxis at Tokyo Haneda Airport
Do I get a better deal if I buy USD (using GBP) in the US or outside?
What is this extra item that came with my travel bag?
Visiting the Philippines as a dual citizen with a different name in passport?
Do I need a converter if the frequency (Hz) of a country is different?
Transportation from St Pancras station to ExCel convention center
Is it safe to hang out at a bus station for 1-2 hours in Guatemala City?
Interstate travel within the US with an expired visa
Why do emergency oxygen systems on passenger planes have a bag that doesn't inflate?
Why don't more flights offer under-carriage cameras?
UAE visit visa with expired passport number
Transit Visa in US
How to get from Belize City to Tikal?
Finding a notary in Mexico City
Visiting the UK for 90 days - what are the visa/passport requirements?
Where to go in India in June and avoid the hot climate as well as the monsoon?
Should Paris museums be booked online?
Car rental in USA standard rules
Can a foreign tourist attend Okinawan language class in Naha?
Compact, portable alternative to a bathroom scale
How many mobile phones can I bring to India?
Travel to US two day before B1 visa expires
ATM commission for cards from other banks in Serbia?
Places to ski in Ireland (or UK)
Transit visa for France while traveling to Fiji?
How to deal with inaccurate luggage weighing scales at an airport?
Do I need a Canada transit visa as an Indian citizen?
What routes are there to cross the Pacific (without flying)?
Is it a bad idea to backpack in the Grand Canyon in the month of August?
How to intentionally get denied entry to the US, without getting into trouble?
Can you take only part of a cruise?
Ferry from Motobu, Okinawa to Kagoshima, Kyushu?
Do I need an US Visa if I have a traffic caution?
Can I renew my US passport by mail while I'm outside the country?
Travelling with infant who stops being an infant during the trip (turns 2)
What kind of Canadian drivers' license do we need to rent a car in the USA?
How to book a train ticket from Beijing to Shanghai as a foreigner?
Is fuel dumping a peculiarity of American airlines?
How can I witness a United States Supreme Court session?
Electronic visa having Old Passport number
How to get from Stansted Airport to Kings Cross London after 12am
Any coworking space in Nicosia, Cyprus?
Rail transport in Mayotte?
Getting from Siem Reap (Angkor Wat) to Bangkok - easiest way?
Right turn signal in Pennsylvania - can I turn on red?
Extended (~24 hours) layover/stopover in Hong Kong
Syrian Citizen : USA transit Visa?
Flying from Canada with art supplies
Confirming that Santiago de Cuba to Dominican Republic route exists
Is there anything to do during an 8 hour after-midnight layover in Dubai?
Where exactly is Yamada Castle in Okinawa?
New Zealand visa longer stay?
What documents to show if I'm a US citizen with no US passport to re-enter the US?
Does a US citizen need a passport for a cruise that starts and end in the US?
A resource for multi-country SIM providers
Wildcat trail when Valley Drive is closed
Places in the Alps by sunshine duration
How can I renew my 30-day permit to stay in Singapore?
Prepaid SIM card for data in Italy
How much cash can I carry when travelling to the US?
Non-'adult' activities in Austin (USA) for a bachelor party
What is a good resource for walks in the Peak District?
Do US citizens need a visa for transit in Frankfurt?
Half day in Tallinn
Adding the name of a passenger on an Indian Railways ticket
How to obtain tickets for Cancun to Havana flight?
Where should I stop for interest to kids when driving between Toronto and Boston?
Where should we return a rental car in London?
Should I avoid overnight flights from Dubai to India?
Do I need a visa to visit Belarus if I have a Russian visa?
15 days vacations nature oriented in Quebec
Is it dangerous to go to the USA as a Russian now?
Best location for car rental in to the Peak District coming from London?
Best location for car rental when heading into/out of North Wales from London?
How easy is it to find a temporary job in Brisbane as a foreign university student?
Are there tourist information offices in Cancun, Mexico?
5 hour international layover in Tokyo Narita?
When picking a "luxury hostel" for a business trip, how to ensure it'll be quiet enough?
Are there any nice restaurants or cafes offering Wi-Fi and power outlets in Lyon?
Is it legal to sell flight tickets at a lower price than the airline's price?
Travel (living) cost in the US for two weeks (New York and Los Angeles)
Can I stop at Amami on the ferry between Okinawa and Kagoshima without having to pay more?
Is there any problem if the last name prints first than the first name on an air ticket?
How to safely transport money?
Changes to British transit visa policy
Schengen Visa multiple entries - Must every visit be made to the same main country?
Can you enter the Schengen area without a return ticket?
Time between visits without a visa
Missing baggage after connected Flight - what steps to take?
Visiting Korea as an Indonesian citizen with a US student visa: Do I need a visa for Korea?
Taiwan maximum stay rules with reentry
Renting apartaments for less than month in Europe?
Vegetarian budget options in Finland
What's the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen?
Are Thai visa extensions effectively suspended because of the protests?
Is a signature mandatory for a B1 visa invitation letter?
Canadian visiting the USA after previously being denied?
How can I get to Mike Brant's grave?
Kids not allowed into sauna in Serbia
Is Guantánamo Bay, Cuba open to visitors/tourists?
Is there some other train than Eurostar to go from Lille to London?
Sichuan food in Xi'an
Restaurant rating information in China
"Circular" hiking trails in Iceland?
Is there a practical point in learning foreign words while travelling?
Proof of residence for Japan Airpass
Places/Landmarks to see in West Lafayette, Indiana
Is there any kind of car museum anywhere in Okinawa?
Is there a cheaper alternative to car rental insurance in Mexico?
Travel from New Orleans to Dominican Republic via Miami
Can I hire a car in the US with UK provisional Licence?
Boarding a train in the UK at a later calling station, on an advanced purchase (train specific) ticket
Should I have a transit visa in Frankfurt?
How difficult is it to catch a taxi in Napa, California?
Transit in Turkey for Swiss and Bulgarian citizens
Where is this lake?
For countries that issue e-visas, do any also take up a full page of your passport when you arrive?
Association of travel agencies in the US?
Rechecking baggage for AA flight Paris-->New York-->Boston
What kind of backpack do I need?
What time do I need to line up to be guaranteed of a Skomer Island visit during peak season?
What happens if you don't "collect" an Oyster top-up or transfer in time?
How does a kids club on a cruise contact you if there is a problem?
How much extra time should I reserve to enter the US from Canada with the Windsor-Detroit Tunnel Bus as a European VWP citizen?
6 hour stopover in Shanghai
Can I enter Malaysia, as a Libyan without a visa?
How to overcome depression when relocating?
How do you keep track of your financial assets while traveling / living overseas?
Apply for a Russian visa in English in Strasbourg
What should I do to stay safe if my flight arrives late at night?
How can I travel so that I am never lost?
India converter 110v to 220v for Dental appliances
Manual or Automatic transmission: Do rental companies let you choose which type of car you want to rent?
How to learn about funeral customs while traveling in Australia
Shopping districts in Beijing
Is "Flying Return" the only available loyalty program for Air India?
On-site rental cars at San Juan airport (SJU)
Where can I stash a rental car while visiting London?
Why do flight search engines give inconsistent results?
Where can I ride a pump trolley?
Returning after being removed from UK
Overland Transport in Africa
How to find sightseeing places around the driving road Stockholm-Trondheim with a car? Any iPhone application to investigate the area?
Baggage limit for Cathay Pacific Airlines flights ex North America
Finnair power sockets
Are airlines legally obligated to feed passengers without charging?
If someone has a photocopy of my passport, could they steal my identity?
Language problems at the airport?
What happens if I have checked-in bags and decide not to board my connecting flight on return?
Departure time of given flight at given date
Transiting US to Korea with ESTA
Purchase Paris Visite pass from Orly airport on a public holiday
Prepaid cellphone (Handy) or SIM card for Germany, Czech Republic, Austria and Hungary?
Where to apply Schengen visa - EU citizen spouse but traveling to different EU country
Travel with an empty stroller?
Rio de Janeiro: How to estimate taxi ride prices?
With the ESTA visa-waiver for the US, what if you have a reason to need more than 90 days?
Travel charger usage on the plane (KLM)
Is free camping permitted in Japan?
Where to find ITA Matrix listed prices for MDE to CTG?
Is there a night bus from San Gil, Colombia to Bogota, Colombia?
Getting between Melbourne's Tullamarine and Avalon airports?
How can I effectively haggle for a decently-priced auto ride?
Is 95 minutes enough at Newark Terminal B to connect United flights from Cancún, Mexico to Oslo, Norway?
Distinguishing Tamil speakers from Sinhalese speakers in Sri Lanka
How to go Kulu Manali from Gujarat?
I have B1/B2 Visa. Can I travel for Business trip to US with this Visa?
Disneyland Discount on Paris Visite Pass?
Is there an awamori distillery/factory/etc in Okinawa that does tours or allows visitors, with tasting/samples?
Vaccination for Nepal
Dual UK/Australian citizen... entry to UK with Australian passport only?
How much cash should I carry for driving a rental car in Italy?
Queima das Fitas (Burning of the Ribbons) Porto/Coimbra 2014
What are the "driest" places in Ecuador around March
Where this picture was taken ~100 years ago?
Foreigners attending events on US bases in Okinawa
Sports bars in Xi'an China
If I manage a trip drinking a little bit of local water without Delhi Belly, am I now fine in future?
What is this "bird like" plane?
Ideas for a 5 to 7 day hike in Japan
How much does a tourist visa for Vietnam cost?
Is it possible to find "castaway" accommodation in the Alps?
How to fill questions 25, 29 and 30 for Multi entry Schengen visa form
China M visa in HK for non-HK ID holder
How to identify international flights likely to have fewer passengers
As a Syrian, will I need a transit visa for Stockholm Arlanda airport?
Who are these people in gray robes and shaved heads with South Korean Passports?
What were the loud sirens I heard in South Korea?
Are Indians as pushy to one another as they appear to be to Westerners?
Lesovo, Bulgaria to Hamzabeyli, Turkey with bike
German National Visa - Internship or guest researcher?
London Underground Tickets
Is it quite expensive to Exchange euros to pounds and vice versa at Heathrow?
Withdrawing Euros from Moroccan ATMs?
Stay for 2 days in Amsterdam enroute from USA to India
Is there a europe-wide rule stopping under 18 year olds from staying in the dorms of hostels?
Do I need 6 months validity on my Australian passort if travelling to South Korea?
Traveling via South Korea with an expired US visa
Is there a list of countries that require six months' validity remaining on your New Zealand passport?
Using a quad-band phone in Japan?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying to Ireland through the UK?
How should I act if I'm assigned to a seat near an emergency exit?
Do you get passport checked on a round trip to Antarctica from Ushuaia, Argentina?
Austria - Czech Republic - Germany - What is the best option for mobile phone
Ivory Coast, Africa: What diseases tend to occur there?
Maximum Number of Occupants crossing US/Canada Border
What happens if the passport number changes?
When do pedestrians have right of way in Australia?
I have a 16 hour layover in Morocco - can I leave the airport and go back in through customs?
Is overnight stay at Narita Airport permitted?
What is this Season's Greetings sign for in March in India?
Is there a site for ranking Caribbean Beaches?
Are medical doctors legally doctors wherever they are?
Valid Schengen visa in unmarried name and old expired passport, can I travel with both again?
Are you able to bring bagels into South Korea on a flight?
Claiming for Lost luggage when I have lost the baggage tags as well, Can I still claim?
Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?
Is motor transportation in Jakarta dangerous?
Insurance for travel to the USA while pregnant
Why does Agra have cows on most roads and public areas whereas Delhi does not?
How do you deal with beggars?
Traveling to Germany before using a type D visa for Belgium
Is there a way to find/track my plane's previous flight?
Are any maps for sale at Jeju International Airport?
Can I get on and off Jeju Airport Limousine at any stop?
What was an insurance vending machine at an airport, and what kind of insurance did they sell?
Taking Roissy Bus from Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile to CDG Terminal 2
Petrol stations with free wifi in Iceland
Will barbers in Taiwan shave a beard/a week's growth? If so, how much does it cost?
Are there "Doctor Who" themed tourist attractions in the UK?
Where in the world can you tour a live nuclear reactor?
Does biometric passport in Ukraine discard foreign passport and an old passport altogether?
UK visa valid for the next 5 months. Can I apply for a Schengen visa?
Where is Steinbeck's "Salinas Valley"?
Travelling with a car from London to Orkney Islands
Public transport connections to San Francisco after Caltrain stops running
How to transport a robot on a flight?
With National Visa D for Hungary, can I stay a couple of days in another Schengen country before arriving Hungary?
Can I merge points from different flight companies to use in Star Alliance?
Authorizing someone else for in-person passport renewal
Train and tram tickets in Amsterdam?
My passport containing Schengen visa completely washed prior to start of my trip to a Schengen state, now what do I have to do to get new visa?
Reaching Spa from Charleroi/other aiport
I overstayed my Thai visa! What's going to happen to me?
What route of transportation between Oxford and Amsterdam optimizes economy and convenience?
Eastbourne/Beachy Head with a toddler
Why would Boarding Time be a whole hour before Departure Time?
What are the residence requirements to use a foreign driving licence in California?
Do I have to book the underground river tour (Palawan) before getting there in April?
Where can I buy a GPS/satnav near St Pancras or Paddington stations?
Time it takes from EZE to AEP airport
How to use hotmail / email for use on holiday abroad
What is the most cost effective way to get turn-by-turn navigation in the UK?
Renting a manual transmission motorbike in Ubud
Flying with someone else's children
Can I carry milk on board for a toddler on a flight from Toronto to Saudi Airline?
Travelling from Gothenburg to Zurich
Can I apply for F-1 visa to the US before I leave the US for vacation back home?
What's the easiest way to get to Sapporo, Japan from Misawa, Japan?
Is it possible to do a self guided hike through Grand Canyon?
Round trip vs two one-way tickets?
Baggage locker in downtown Los Angeles
In Taiwan, must you reserve train tickets in advance, or can you buy tickets a few minutes before trains are supposed to depart?
Is free camping permitted in the Faroe Islands?
Is it possible for tourists to enter/attend Japanese Game Shows?
How can I make a wire transfer from Japan?
Indian restaurant in Montevideo
Is hitchhiking permitted in the Faroe Islands?
Schengen Visa require 2 blank pages. 2 both side blank pages? or one side blank
Can I hitchhike on a yacht to cross the Mediterranean from Spain to Turkey?
Is there one or more marinas in Okinawa used by private yacht owners that allows non-yachties to visit?
Index of local food blogs for a city?
How do I find an unknown flight reservation number?
insider restaurant tip for traditional cuisine in Vienna
Travelling to Ukraine and Russia, border issues
Are cigarette lighters allowed in airports?
Work as freelancer while tourist in US for an already existing US client?
How much to tip at restaurants in Australia?
Where can I stay in a castle in northern Wales?
Entering using one passport and exiting using another
How to get a combined ticket in IRCTC (Indian Railway)
Is tipping expected in Indonesia?
Any alternative ways to find hostels than hostelworld or hostelbookers
Ferrying Icelandic rental car vs renting on Faroe Islands
Is it normal/expected to tip taxi drivers in the UK?
Where in Chile can I learn to dive with a hose (surface supplied diving)?
Do I need to provide any documents for my friend's UK visa application?
How can I wash myself Indian-style (using water not toilet paper) in Western toilets?
Flying through Sheremetyevo airport in Moscow considering current situation?
Recognised Graduate visa (subclass 476) and iBT for Australia?
How close is the Geneva Airport train station to the airport?
What should I do if I feel the pilot is guiding the flight in the wrong direction?
How to dry yourself after using the hand shower in the toilets?
If I book a Eurostar ticket through SNCB, how can I attach my Eurostar Frequent Traveller details to the booking?
Cheapest accommodation in Motobu, Okinawa?
Transiting in Frankfurt - Canadian visa expires on transit, but have a US B1/B2 - enough?
Do Russians smile at each other?
Indian railway e ticket queries
Bus times from Anuradhapura to Kandy?
Visa for Gibraltar
What's the quickest way from London Kings Cross to Euston, by foot or tube?
Most scenic route between Hartford, CT and Montreal
Lufthansa connecting flight at Munich, only 45 minutes in between. Will I be able to make it?
Offline multi-city International public transport app?
Is it legal to study while on a tourist Schengen visa?
If I am on a 90-day visa waiver and find a possible employer what do I do?
PlayStation 4 from UK to India will I have to pay customs duty?
How to get from Put-O to Kyaing Tong
Two sets of guests; one reservation for one room
What constitutes "studying" in the UK for visa purposes?
Optimal currency for cash passport in Taiwan
Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years?
How early should I arrive at Logan (Boston) for a weekday late-afternoon flight?
How common is it to get a last minute desert tour in Marrakech?
Carrying semi-solid food in flights?
US employer suggests two 90 day contract periods instead of work visa. Is this okay?
Travel with more than one passport
Book connecting flight, but only board at second airport?
Best places in India to visit in September first half
Transit visa obtainable at Zurich Airport
What are the two closest countries that do not share a border?
Is the European driving license valid as ID in Europe?
Access to Selfoss and Dettifoss in winter season
Which city has the greatest religious diversity?
US infant traveling to Japan: Passport requirements
Iran visa after having visited Israel
Is it allowed to bathe at Grjótagjá?
How do I secure the cheapest fare on the Thalys?
Yemeni Rial exchange in Istanbul
Why are cruise ships on a 14 day schedule?
I have a visa to Spain from 11 August till 28 February, but I want to travel in December
Stopping overnight at London Heathrow - do I need an arrival visa and what kind?
How much time should I account to spend on the Keukenhof?
Can I get off a Eurostar train at an earlier stop?
Is there a POI file with lat/long of mailboxes in the EU?
Dalhousie to Udawalawe?
Using Wifi in Japan
Train from Nice to Monaco during Grand Prix weekend
Other than Eurostar, are there any sub-4-hour options to get between London and Lille (without a car)?
Tips for driving on a different side of the road?
Is there any region, island, mountain, or village in Japan known for hot spicy local cuisine?
Resource for local cuisines and specialties across Japan
Free street parking in Paris
Why is flying to England so expensive this June/July?
Daisetsuzan Grand Traverse in Hokkaido
Sleeping/Narcotic Gas Alarm
I was told my signature was ripped out of my passport. Should I be worried?
has anybody re-entered the USA on the VWP, and how long was the time in between entries?
Travelling to Himalayan National Park or Nanda Devi Reserve in Monsoon
Which embassy will most likely provide a multiple entry Schengen visa?
How can I show my GPS location on a map from my phone?
Proof of sufficient funds for transit in Japan
Airport transit in KUL and DXB with 4 months on passport?
Accommodation search in Italian Alps
Where to store a laptop while doing few days trips during a long-term travel?
Campsite in Zugspitze area
What equipment is required to traverse Daisetsuzan in Hokkaido at the end of April?
Double-entry visa procedure for transit in Japan
Is 1 hour and 30 mins enough time in Atlanta Airport?
Is it legal to ask for my information?
Visa for Canada from USA for a Bangladeshi
Are traveler's cheque widely accepted in Iran?
Do I need to carry my passport while travelling within the Schengen area?
Rock climbing when on Malta
Multi currency bank account for my travel
Right to accommodation in case of delayed flight, missing connecting flight
How much should I expect to pay for a 3 hour "longtail" boat ride around Ko Phi Phi Island?
At airports in Cambodia, should I be prepared for a visa scam?
May I cross closed gates in Iceland?
Change of boarding point on Indian Railways train
Will Flightfox benefit me if I'm only looking for 'ethical' flights?
10 journey card in Belgium. Can I use it between different stations, every trip?
How can I tell hotels exist that aren't on the booking web sites?
Day trip to San Francisco from South Bay - what is the most efficient transport option?
Is it possible for ancient undiscovered islands to exists on earth?
How do I figure out what costs me to stay a month in Bangkok, Thailand
Coast Starlight delays
Is it culturally acceptable for an American to visit the memorials in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
"Free Camping" in India
Buying a vacation home in the Eurozone
Is it viable to move around Iceland using public transport?
What should I do with my expired passport?
Is there a defined/standard way to determine the relative cost of staying in a particular city?
How to fly with a spider
What are the legal implications of exporting a tarantula from Brazil to Mexico?
Air travel: Violating checked luggage size by "just a bit"
Will the traffic and parking be easier in York on a week day or a weekend?
Can I use proof of onward travel that assumes a visa extension?
Can I enter France via Switzerland (and then get a cab to France) on the Schengen visa?
Leaving the States on Visa Waiver and coming back
Using a citizenship certificate as a proxy passport to enter new home country
Is it possible to fly both the Airbus 380 and the Boeing 787 in one trip?
Traveling from Sydney to Mexico via Canada
Cheapest way to travel from Osaka Kansai airport to Kyoto and back?
Transit airside in London Luton?
How much does it cost for a visitor visa to Saudi Arabia?
Is Morocco currently safe to visit despite the Ebola outbreak?
Ear protection on long flights?
Can an EU national travel to the US on an EU passport that expires in 2 months?
Leaving USA, going to Canada and back, do I need Canadian visa?
Is there a website to find someone to travel with?
Are wild dogs really a problem in Samoa?
U.S resident traveling to Ghana
What options are available for hunting feral boar on Hawaii?
Are non-US citizens elegible to sign up for TSA-Pre?
Sights in London applicable to British Empire in Southeast Asia
Is there scuba diving / snorkelling in Sierra Leone that is safe e.g. from sharks?
Camping safety in the Everglades in May
Reservation for Campgrounds in the Everglades in May
Official end time of a stay in China (for visa purposes)
How to choose where to ski
Is there a bus pass for Eastern Canada?
How do I ensure that my ATM card will work while traveling within the US?
Layover at London Heathrow
Where to find a bike to hire / buy / borrow in Southern Spain
Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?
Public transport from Nantes to La Roche-Bernard
Dog passport in EU, Vet on way back?
How can I get to Luton Airport from Watford via public transport?
Getting a YHA discount on Greyhound Australia's website?
Does the ICT Short Term visa allow multiple entry?
What tasks would I need to complete to prepare for any international trip, regardless of destination?
How to appeal a refused Schengen visa?
How to find past airline fares
What building is this?
Indian National transiting through Helsinki
Amusement parks in the New York City area
Flea markets in the New York City area
Can I use a passport card as ID in a bar?
Can Indian nationals not visit the UK for a short course (not by a university)?
Converting Older United States Dollar Bills
Why don't they give you a sweet on take-off anymore?
Trip to Canada for EU citizen: visa requirements?
Abandoned theme parks in Iceland
Schengen visa "refresh"
What clothes are necessary to visit Iceland in July?
What if my visa is refused after I already bought an air ticket?
Can an American fly to Spain with a one way ticket?
Reinstating expired MileagePlus miles
How to get to central Berlin from Schoenefeld Airport
Bulgarian-Turkish border crossing from Sofia to Istanbul
What method should I use to plan what clothing to pack for destination X?
How to get the best currency exchange rates for USD, when not in the US
Places to see in Stockholm in 2 days full
Breaking down with car during trip - multiple country breakdown service?
Travel from Lyon to Geneva Airport (French side)
Is any permit required to rent a home for less than 3 months in Germany?
Can a Guatemalan/Spanish citizen enter Guatemala with an expired Guatemalan passport?
Student discount for Stockholm SL public transport ticket
Does the JR East pass cover my route?
A hotel wants my card details (for payment). Is this safe?
Gospel church in New York City
Going between Canada and America with the visa waiver program
Best way to bring Desktop CPU from to India?
Multiple Entry Brazilian Tourist Visa for Indian Citizen
Is there still any franc/ariary confusion risk in Madagascar?
Regular train service from Antananarivo to Antsirabe?
Can I combine two French stamps?
How much do roof racks hurt gas mileage?
Safety concerns for traveling the Leh district
Good manners in Temple
Are street numbers in addresses in geographic order in Taiwan?
ESTA visa waiver program - choosing 'country where I live' while moving to another country
I'm a Bulgarian citizen. Can I apply for a Russian visa in the embassy in Berlin?
Can my cousin visit me on a family visit visa when I am not a UK resident?
Is there a database of hotels that shows what loyalty systems they accept?
Visiting Japan as US permanent resident
Are US citizens allowed to fly anywhere outside the 50 states without a passport?
Is it legal for an Indian Citizen to travel to Nepal without any form of identification?
Explain travel times and distances on flight
Travelling to the US with codeine-based medicines
Is Legoland only for kids?
How to behave on a US visa interview?
Can I enter other Schengen countries with EU residence permit but without passport?
Where can I use a telephone in India, if I don't have one?
How to locate a bucolic camp site when on the road in the EU?
Can I travel with a bike with n-days GVB cards in Amsterdam?
Travelling to US on B1/B2 visa
How much cash can you carry on a flight within the European Union?
How should I wash clothes in Iceland?
Stockholm public transport ticket prices for young people
Creative ways to explore a new city
Laptop and Tablet
Does the traditional Arabic greeting (As-salamu alaykum) have religous meaning?
Is there an online map or other resource that lists windmills in the Netherlands?
Are companies offering to obtain the EU delay compensation for you, effective?
Customs charge for bringing a 3D printer into India?
Bus transportation from San Jose Airport to Stanford University
Can I carry roller blades in cabin baggage?
How do I get from Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) to Gare Montparnasse
Does Nepal have open borders with India?
Swiss customs: necessary when travelling from France to USA via GVA?
Why do airlines without automated luggage drop-off want me to check in online?
Trip booked through Vayama: Can I travel without the credit card used to book it?
Applying for a Schengen while having another used Schengen visa
Can an airline operate a flight on the same route with the same flight number twice in one day?
Tickets for occasional public transport use in Lille?
Where can I listen to authentic Fado in Lisbon?
Do I need a transit visa through Italy from Romania to Algeria?
Where can I get my biometrics done for my Canadian visa application in Miami?
How can I get from Coimbatore railway station to Mettupalayam station, early in the morning?
PDF tickets on phone on Deutsche Bahn
Can visitors enter the inner caldera of the double volcano island Aogashima, Japan?
Travelling from Delhi to Dubai to Istanbul (Turkey), staying at Dubai airport only for 7 hours: Do I need a visa for transit at airport?
Knives in Checked Luggage (USA to Venezuela)
What does a Tajik GBAO permit look like?
Is it practical to travel in Argentina with limited knowledge of Spanish?
When to use a plane instead of a bus around Argentina?
Is the Siesta a factor to consider when traveling around Argentina?
Is there any plastic wrapping service in Copenhagen airport?
8-hour stop over in Mauritius MRU - can I exit the airport?
How are safety standards enforced in an airline which is not IOSA certified?
Pet Birds flying to US via Heathrow with owner on BA
When to apply for US ESTA?
Is there a way to find old passport records via the government?
Reentering Us with Visa Waiver after 2 months in Canada?
Flights to Georgia from Western Europe
Leaving Canada - sole parent with child consent
Will the city of Prague be accessible during a marathon?
Do you have to use a body scanner in TSA Pre Check lines?
How are intersections between two numbered streets named in New York?
"Match of the century" in Reykjavik
Do you have to book motels in advance on a road-trip?
Bags from Mexico to Hawaii
Boarding point change for an Indian rail reservation
How far away from artificial light do you need to get to experience the night sky without light polution?
Can I integrate Airbnb listings with a routeplanner?
Is it possible to travel from Ireland to England on a student visa
Crossing borders for a couple hours inside the Schengen area with a group of children
Do any US airlines make use of their right to fly between EU airports?
Getting a Schengen visa through the French Embassy again even if I didn't travel to France last time
Any slow luggage shipping ideas?
In the high season in Ontario, is it possible to camp on campsites without early pre-reservations?
What kind of clothing should I be wearing if I were to hike up Mount Hua in Xi'an during October
Is sleeping on the floor in planes allowed, and if not, why not?
Is it reasonable to do the Trans-Siberian/Mongolian without pre-booking all the train tickets?
Travelling from India to Hawaii
Is it possible to rent a bicycle long-term (a month) in Vitória, Brazil?
Any way to find out what US Customs & Border Protection has in their database on me?
Does a minor need to be present to apply for a passport in Colombia?
Philadelphia to Newark Airport without AirTrain
Where can I buy US prepaid credit card outside US?
What is valid ID for domestic flights in India?
Visa requirement for a tourist to South Korea from Australia
Visa for travelling to France, as UK residents on SA passports
Can I get back my passport after applying for a Schengen visa?
Washington DC to Hampton / Newport News by Ferry
Is it possible to rent a Volkswagen T1/T2 in Iceland?
What precautions should I take on a trip to Japan with a person who is allergic to shrimp?
Is Canadian Visa Expert a legitimate company or a scam?
Are there consequences to stamps in my passport that are not from border control?
Traveling on cruise ship from Italy to Croatia
What is the weather like at Glacier National Park in late June / early July?
Getting a Schengen visa without firm travel plans
Can you get sucked tight on a plane's toilet?
Entering the EU with a packaged netbook, duty and taxes
Etiquette in Japanese Ryokan vs. Capsule Hotel
Can I bring a taser from Thailand to Sweden?
Trying to get on a full Indian Railways train - any strategies?
Can you buy Foreign Tourist Quota tickets at Vasco Da Gama railway station?
Extra luggage charges for a flight with Qatar Airways and JetBlue between India and the US
Vietnam Visa - can I leave on the day of expiration?
Do you need to be at the airport as a writer of declaration of guarantee for a Schengen visa?
Do I need a Hong Kong transit visa if I travel to Shenzhen via Hong Kong airport?
Traveling from EU to Canada with stop in US without return flight
Why are postcards of Cologne in ruins following WW2 bombing sold in the city?
Anything to do in Reykjavik airport at 9 am during a 1h30m layover?
Is there a major car rental company in the U.S. that also rents roof top cargo box?
Are there any space shuttles one can go inside of?
Getting a weak passport stamp restamped?
How can I find a performance of Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20 in D minor?
Chinese visa period of validity
How do family members earn points in Qantas Frequent Flyer?
UAE Tourist Visa Information
Public transportation from Dallas DFW airport to Downtown
My ESTA approval if I have previously had a B1 refusal
What is a good way to get list of sights for a road trip (e.g. for a roadtrip from Chicago to Niagara falls?)
Can an airline change a reservation booked through Expedia?
Roads in Japan during Golden Week
What is the rationale of SMS verification in free wifi hotspots in airports?
Tahiti Nui hotel swimming pool
Checking luggage all the way through?
Where in Southeast Asia in July is it always sunny, without rain, and with few clouds?
Are there any buses to Rocky Mountain House, Alberta, Canada?
Rabies Injections - Visiting Phnom Tamao
Applying for a Schengen visa in another country than my main destination
Where is the Saarland-Ticket valid?
With a Lille Pass Pass smart ticket, what happens if the wrong ticket type is selected by the validator?
Can I use 4 months old Bank statement to apply for a US B2 visa?
How can a traveler with a green card but no ability to get a passport fly to Mexico?
Sweet Egyptian bread?
Is checking a cardboard box with an airline still accepted? Trans Atlantic?
Lisbon: which part of town to stay with small children
Booking a JR Shinkansen train ticket in Seoul
Do you have to book the JR Rail pass outside of Japan?
What's the quickest Schengen consulate to issue a visa in London?
Finding an old flight number
How to deal with a change of marital status between application and interview for a US F-1 visa?
How to access the internet during a road trip in the USA?
US Immigration Worries - Overstayed in 2000
Hungarian train (MÁV) tickets online?
First time Schengen Visa application for france
GPS app for travelling in France
Titanium in Body. Should I be careful of anything?
Do I not need to supply passport details when booking through websites?
Should I book a train ticket in advance when traveling from Ernakulam Junction to Aleppey?
Shipping luggage from Belgium to South Africa?
As an EU national, what (if any) ID do I need to carry when crossing between France and Belgium?
Public transport (Lynx buses) Orlando, FL - "fixed route" pass
How much hassle will I get flying into the Schengen zone for 7 months as a visa-exempt visitor?
Schengen visa from UK for Indian citizen
Getting to Buffalo Depew Amtrak in the evening
Dominican Republic accepted currency and tipping
How close to Kortrijk / Courtray can you get with a Lille public transport ticket (and still make it there)?
Can I buy a sim card for prepaid internet for the USA from Germany?
Leave to enter UK for 6 months
Going from Chandigarh to Leh
Marriage - how is it internationally recognized?
When you go to Passport Control, what does the agent see about you?
Switzerland and Paris tour query
Is there a resource that lists dark sky reserves or similar places?
Is there a website or other resource that list trains with sleeping car?
What are the options for a non-EU national who wants to stay in Germany for more than 90 days?
When is Spring in the USA?
Can I get European-wide traffic predictions similar to the one from Paris?
Practicality of taking part in Taiwan's "receipt lottery"
When should I bow in Taiwan?
Travelling as unmarried couple in Dubai
What is the purpose of the seats in the front of the bus in Vitória, Brazil?
Is there any price difference in buying VIA rail tickets online vs. at the station?
Is there any mobile app with public transportation routes for Vitória, Brazil?
Cheapest way to get money in Prague with a London bank account
Ryokans in Kyoto which are culturally interesting but not terribly expensive?
Re-entry to USA during time frame of original visa
Why do public toilets in the US have large gaps (no privacy)?
Do I need Gravel, Sand and Ash insurance when renting a car in Iceland?
When I travel next, I want to reach the point on the earth that is exactly opposite my home, how can I discover where that is?
Is Keukenhof still open in May if the winter is warmer?
Why do conductors hold on to your ticket for the duration of the ride in ex-eastern block countries?
If the Ankara-Tehran train is full, is it worth showing up at the platform hoping for cancellations?
Can a car rental company shut off my car when I cross state lines? (USA)
Tailor in Hanoi, Vietnam
Personal enrichment course for 90 days after 20 days stay under Visa Waiver Program
Can you be detained for not paying for your hotel in Pretoria?
Do I have to go through Canadian immigration before crossing the border by walk to the US?
Is it safe/possible for a long haired guy to visit North Korea?
Flying with a bass guitar
Changing leftover foreign currencies from travel back into dollars
Schengen travel insurance
What is the purpose of check-in before flying?
What bus operator is "NYP"?
Is it possible to buy train tickets on board Belgium trains?
Is it possible to buy international tickets in belgium ticket machines with open date?
Information source on safety for Kiev visitors
Are there any regular nonstop flights between Washington DC and Vancouver Canada?
Calling USA from Schiphol (Amsterdam)
8 hour layover, as an Indian citizen, can I visit Doha city in meantime?
Do I need UK Transit or Visitor Visa – staying 2 days in London while traveling from India to USA
Is UK residency required for a Canadian Working Holiday Visa?
Do I have to go through customs in Paris?
Will a holiday during WHV in Germany deduct from a subsequent 90-day Schengen short-stay?
Waiting for visa to be express mailed one day before international flight
Renewing my son's US passport in San Francisco
Is there any list of countries I should not visit if I want to go to the US?
Going from Nice airport (Nice St Augustin) to Cannes when arriving late (~9pm)?
Rent motorhome (test-drive for a month) before buying it?
What documents are needed for a UK Visitor Visa?
How can I go from Morocco to Mali by car?
Expert-guided tour of an offshore wind farm in or near the North Sea?
Crossing the Atlantic by sailing boat, South America to Europe
Can a someone with a tourist visa import a caravan or motorhome into New Zealand?
Adding a flight to an already-booked flight
Is it possible to buy a Navigo Découverte travel card at Orly airport late at night?
Verify my flight is booked despite error message via SkyScanner / airtickets.com / JetStar
Queries about Schengen Visa
Athens open on Sunday?
Why do international drivers licenses have limited validity?
Taxi from Paris Orly airport
Heathrow Aiport showers for connecting passengers
US citizen has a refused academic UK visa, can they travel to the UK without a visa for tourism?
Traveling to Germany with a French study visa
North-American chipless credit card in France
Is it possible to legally visit uninhabited islands in the Pacific for a couple of days/weeks?
Is there a flight search engine that combines flights from different airlines?
How can I have "will call" Greyhound tickets picked up without a photo ID?
Panamanian citizen living in the US lost his Panamanian passport
Which visa should I get if I am going to UK for a job interview?
What will happen if I overstay in Sweden by 1 day?
What are the options for a non-EU national who wants to stay in Sweden for more than 90 days?
Why do some tourist attractions forbid tourists to take photographs?
Possible to extend a Vietnamese tourist visa in Dong Hoi?
Will I get into Sweden with the souvenirs listed?
How to speed up an accident insurance report in case of an accident in another EU country than your own?
Travelling to Sharm el Sheikh (Egypt) - Price of alcohol
Change itineraries in Munich do I need a Schengen visa?
Is there any simple public transport route from Ljubljana Airport to Lake Bohinj?
Fudge into Australia
How can I buy an economy ticket one-way from Tahiti to Easter Island?
What does a unique size in inches on a traveling bag represent?
Can I pay with my smartphone in the US (Pittsburgh, PA)?
How to spot fake reviews on TripAdvisor?
Does Solvang, CA have Dutch roots?
Can you tour the Port of Singapore?
What options exist to get to Aogashima, Japan from Tokyo?
Ice Skating near Tokyo/Nikko in the Summer
How do you know if you have found the cheapest air fare on a given route?
Limited duration of stay on a Schengen visa
Small group tour operator for Southern USA trip
Where can I find a schedule of small rodeos in Arizona and Utah?
Left luggage storage in Frankfurt (Main) train station or airport
Swimwear customs on Côte d'Azur?
How can I meet traveling companions in Tokyo's Narita airport?
One trip across two consecutive Schengen visas?
What is the procedure with people at CBP who cannot speak english
What's the smoothest airport to enter the US for passport control out of Newark, Boston or Philadelphia?
What are the requirements for a minor (16) traveling alone from Russia to the USA and back?
Re-applying for a Schengen visa, difference between 'revoked' and 'annulled'
Options for a cruise from Helsinki to St Petersburg
Is it feasible to visit the Yarra Valley by public transport?
Can I stay in the airplane toilet during landing?
If I enter the USA with dual US/Caribbean Island citizenship and only present my Caribbean passport will they know I am a USA citizen?
Options for getting paid for hunting or fishing on vacation
Can you prevent being reseated at a middle seat in economy, after a change of airplane model?
Can I bring a new coffee maker and several small sealed bags of coffee to India from the USA?
How can I reduce expenses on currency conversions?
Internet connection for iPad in India
Where to find out more about "ライダーハウス" / "riders' houses" in Japan?
Is there a nonstop flight from the west coast of North America to anywhere in India?
Can I use my Schengen visa for a completely different purpose and entry point?
72h China transit visa: Which airlines offer interlining in Beijing?
What is the proper etiquette at Japanese onsen?
Have anyone experienced inspection of their laptop or digital media content?
Quiet cities close to Brussels and Amsterdam
Would it be unsafe for an American to go to Moscow right now?
Is it a good idea to carry printouts of scanned documents in lieu of original documents to an interview for a B2 visa for USA?
How can you buy train tickets at Oslo Airport?
Locating outdoor / hiking shops which sell gas cans in Oslo?
Where can I purchase good and inexpensive protein powder in Hong Kong?
Is it possible to go outside during my three-hour transit in Brussels?
Backpacking 46 days in the US with ESTA
Which countries allow tourists to get married without the long wait for the marriage licence?
Does the ACA provision about pre-existing conditions apply to visitors to the US?
Is there any personal benefit in formally cancelling a (non-refundable) flight?
Can I get a bus from Vang Vieng, Laos, to Chiang Mai, Thailand?
Where can I get help planning my plane trip?
What type of car do I need for a trip in Finland?
Do I need transit visa in London with an EEA residence permit?
French student in Canada: going back home from NYC
Is there a discount on train tickets for people older than a given age in the Netherlands?
Can I keep my old passport when I have it renewed and a new one issued?
Group travel in the train in the Netherlands, how does it work?
Where is the world's largest commercial elevator?
Did the international regulation for electronic devices during takeoff/landing of airplanes change?
Where can I exchange Chilean Pesos in Bangkok, Thailand?
Travel without visa in Canada
Are there any websites or other resources that lists discounts or special conditions for seniors in Europe?
Are there any cultures in which the "thumbs up" hand gesture is offensive?
Hong Kong Airport – Macau – Hong Kong
How safe is it to visit Fiji and travel around Viti Levu in a car rental?
Are short-term rentals (Airbnb, etc.) legal in Singapore?
Where can I have a genuine Ainu cultural experience in Hokkaido? (or Tokyo!)
Where can I find official information about visa on arrival to South Sinai?
Are there cultures in which walking in the nude in public is not frowned upon?
Is it necessary to book a hotel in advance in Baguio, Philippines during May/June?
How can I locate World War I related sites in the American southwest?
Can you buy Eurostar Brussels-Lille tickets on the day, for the same price as in advance?
How to be tactful when declining CouchSurfing requests for relatively long stays?
I am flying overseas and returning with my fiancee. How do I coordinate the flights so that we are together on the return leg?
Cheapest flight to anywhere at any given time
Square donuts in Dubai
Where are the start points for the Phoenix Trail between Princes Risborough & Thame (UK)?
Is it true that with a Seaman's book you travel cheap?
Student dorms in Stuttgart (Germany)
What needs to be paid in cash on an all-inclusive Egypt vacation?
Can the 90/180 Schengen Visa for a US Citizen be staggered?
Can an original of "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" be viewed in Japan?
Renting a car in London (young drivers)
Malaysian passport holder, transitting/arriving at US with no visa
How can I search for French trains (only - no buses)?
At Brussels Midi station, can you access the Eurostar Business Premier lounge when going to Lille or Calais?
Reentering the Schengen area when visiting without visa
Changing address on Passport for Indian Citizen?
Which countries count for the 90-day limit in the US Visa Waiver Program?
How does the SNCF Voyageur program work?
What is the type of visa I need to stay at a hotel outside Heathrow, London?
If I had 1 hour to explore Kuala Lumpur, what should I not miss?
Legality of hitchhiking at SAs/PAs in Hokkaido compared to the rest of Japan
Choosing a vacation location based on climate at a given time of the year
What is more efficient when connecting through LCY: LHR or LGW?
What is more efficient when connecting through London Southend (SEN): LHR or LGW?
Can a non-US citizen drive my US car in Mexico?
From Zambia to Zimbabwe: How easy to cross the borders?
Podgorica, Montenegro to Tirana, Albania by public transport
In Nikko, Japan what kind of hot spring options are available?
Is it considered uncouth to check in early into a hotel?
How to get a Turkmen transit visa in Iran?
Is there a place to store bags in Gokurakabashi railway station or Mount Koya?
What car rental insurance should I get if my credit card provides some coverage?
What's the difference between 'Redress Number' and 'Known Traveler Number'? Do I need both for TSA PreCheck?
AA Travel Voucher from 2000 and 2001
Transit Time in Istanbul
Can I enter Brazil on a tourist visa the day it expires?
Should you use English or (possibly broken) Japanese in Japan?
Are there boat tours on Trout River Pond, Gros Morne National Park, Newfoundland?
Non-EU spouse traveling to Europe: Do I need a visa for each country?
How do I decide whether to be worried about having enough blank pages in my passport?
Can I travel from France to UK with a recently expired French passport?
Will my USA iPhone work outside the USA?
What kind of power adapter do I need in New Zealand
Parents names in their passport are not matching the names in my passport. do I need to specify 2 names in B2 VISA application and other documents?
My flight was just canceled two weeks before the date
Which countries allow to work remotely on visitor visas?
Where is the Bamboo restaurant located in Kyoto?
Is there a place to store luggage in/around the Golden Palace (Kinkaku-ji) in Kyoto?
Will one be refused entry on a full passport?
Do any temples or palaces in Japan have a dress code?
ANC to MNL via YVR flight requirements
Examples of higher prices charged to tourists vs. locals
Is there a website that tells me the quickest way between two London Tube stations?
Customs for two new laptops bought in USA
Getting to Shatili village from Tbilisi?
Do I need to pass customs if I enter by swimming over a body of water?
Why do I have to wait 2 hours instead of 1 for intercontinental flights?
Ideas for versatile clothes in northern India
Where to buy cheap gadgets in Singapore?
Can you freeze liquids to pass security checks?
Why are there holes in ice cubes in airplanes?
How does flying at high altitude affect the taste of wine?
Should I use a lockable suitcase in India?
Timetables and fares for bus or train travel between Sarajevo and Dubrovnik/Split
Why is the food so bad on airplanes?
Fly into Edinburgh or Glasgow?
May I travel in Schengen zone with an expired EU passport?
Schengen visa. Proof of Accommodation Requirement
Health insurance for American living abroad visiting the USA
Do I need Transit Visa for Zurich (Expired stamped H1b, Valid I-797) travelling to India for stamping
Any suggestions to answer this student visa question?
Japanese destination airports with lower costs? (from US airports)
How big of a backpack should I buy? (Trans-Mongolian)
Can one get deported from the UK if I don't have a transit visa?
Combining Regio-Ticket Bayern with "Grossraum" tickets?
Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket
Going to London when not being allowed in the Schengen area
Do nursing mothers need an ICVP for yellow fever?
Are the Paris Catacombs currently open for visiting?
Bidets aren't really a thing in Western Europe. What can I do as a traveler?
Transit Visa Requirement - Montreal to Tehran via London and Frankfurt
Sufficient Identification for Intra Schengen flights
What is the weather typically like on a cruise around Japan in October?
Getting from Schiphol Airport to Rotterdam
Do I need a general or business visitor visa to take the IELTS in the UK?
Do I need a transit visa if I have 9 hours of layover at Delhi airport?
Proof of Accommodation and Training Approval letters for Schengen training visa issued by Germany?
Impact of not having life insurance on sponsoring B2 VISA for parents?
How to know when to get on and off for transfers on Greyhound?
Lost passport visa and citizen card in Malaysia
Least visited National Park - Memorial Weekend, N. California
Where can I spend a peaceful and relaxing night at DEL airport?
Thailand coup: What extent of disruption should tourists expect?
Does the cartography workshop where Christopher Columbus lived in Lisbon still exist?
Withdraw US J1 visa application
Do travel diapers exist for long bus/prop plane trips that don't have on board lavatories?
J-1 visa and Visa Waiver Program during grace period
Book a return flight a year in advance
Does Pakistan Visa on Passport more difficult to get American Visa?
Can I be refused entry due to my place of birth?
Can I be refused exit due to my place of birth?
Is there a limit to how early one can apply for a Visa in the United States?
Are customs liable if they break something doing their job?
Travelling from Dresden to Delhi via Munich with 45 minutes transit time, is it sufficient?
UK Transit Visa Required or Not - Travel to US via a stop in the Schengen zone
Is there public transportation from Central Shiraz to Persepolis?
How to get from Mashhad to Ashgabat?
Re-visiting the UK alone with the EU national family visa
Can you get a UK visa close to the French/UK or Belgian/UK border and if so how fast?
Looking for a place for a 2 week trip to Calgary
Accessibility of "Mayflower Steps" boat tours in Plymouth, England?
Is there an automated way to find tolls on a given US/Canadian driving route?
Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?
Do I need a transit visa in Frankfurt, Germany on the way to India?
Getting a Chinese visa in the US as a Canadian citizen
Is there a site that lists all the best viewpoints of Lisbon?
Is there a website or resource that lists what you can do in a given geographical area for free or almost for free?
What are my accommodation options when doing a road trip in the Czech republic with children?
Can I travel more than once on my Multi entry Schengen Visa?
Can you rely on local tourist information centres to find accommodation in the summer in the Czech republic?
Thailand coup: Lao - Thailand border closing?
Where can I listen to live “Gypsy” music in Bucharest?
Why are French TGV prices different between Loco2 and Capitaine Train?
Are there any companies that do season ticket loans for the London Underground?
Specifying a Eurostar or SNCF frequent traveller number when booking through Loco2?
Does Antalya have business-friendly facilities like a copy center, cheap and quiet Internet access centers?
Will I get into trouble at customs if I take electronic devices for thousands of dollars into India?
Are UK entry stamps considered visas?
Do I need Transit Visa to visit London for 4-5 hours during layover?
Do they serve sushi on flights?
What is the longest train ride starting in the EU, now that Sibirjak is discontinued?
What are the "short names" sometimes used by flight attendants?
Does my 10-month-old child need a passport to cross the USA-Canada border?
Can I import absinthe into Australia?
Is there a guarantee that flightfox.com will be cheaper than other booking methods?
Would travel by bus count as an onward ticket?
Accessing Travel Agent Fare Class Data
Can we travel with a faulty Malaysian visa?
Will having a cancelled departure stamp in my passport cause problems when I travel?
What are the safety benefits of life rafts on planes?
Using Ryanair online check-in, how to print boarding pass for the return flight?
Is it OK if I take a printout of soft copy for Employment letter and bank letter?
UK citizen entering UK on US passport
Road Trip from Pakistan to Spain
Prepaid SIM card for data usage in Ukraine
South Africa visa complications
Is the youth price applicable to foreigners for air travel in Scandinavia?
How can I use my new Miles & More membership?
Where can I find Japanese Lacquerware in Tokyo?
Entering UK on a Tourist Visa after refusal of citizenship application
ESTA Rejection on Arrival on Dual Passport?
Do I need any additional insurance from the car rental?
Is bringing tea from coca leaves to Europe illegal?
Can you combine loyalty programs when flying on a multi itinerary flight?
Duration of stay in Schengen area is shorter than tour - what to do?
Policy for checking baggage all the way through international flights
Is there a document that allows me to enter the USA and Canada whenever and for however long I want?
Based on departure/arrive local time, how to know if my flight will be entirely at night?
Where can I buy a Niagara USA Discovery Pass on the ground in Niagara?
What to do if you need to fly in the Schengen area and lose your ID card?
Hákarl aka Rotten Shark - the ultimate souvenir
How to reach the clearest lake in the world?
How much time is needed in FRA?
Cabins and camping options in Tatra mountains
Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?
When you go for a multi day hike in the Tatras, where do you leave your car?
Bus for 15 person from Bergamo to Venice
Are the child-friendly trails in the Tatras?
Comprehensive health and travel insurance that meets NZ Immigration requirements
Transit visa for Brussels for Indian citizens
What access arrangements for the disabled are there to enter the Grand Canyon?
What chemicals does airport security use as markers?
Can we find some statistics for crime in Japan with tourist / foreign victims?
How many laptops can I take on an international flight from the US to Europe?
How to go from Warsaw Modlin airport to Warsaw?
Climbing Mount Fuji
Oyster & Travel Cards
Can you travel from the UK after studying in the UK?
Travelling from India to Canada: Transit visa in the UK?
Is a card without name valid for Deutsche Bahn online tickets?
What are some beer festivals other than Oktoberfest?
Safety considerations for solo female business traveller in Mexico
Opening hours in Maastricht for Ascension
Is the VIA rail "discounted fare" for certain categories, or can anyone travel on this?
Compare train ticket prices in Britain
What architectural and design philosophies govern airport layouts?
Can you re-enter USA on an ESTA?
Getting to Laulupidu – Estonia
Traveling from Downtown, Los Angeles to John Wayne Airport
Offline sat nav for Android
Travelling with a Pet from and to the UK
Visa to transit in the US on the way to Canada for Polish citizens?
Options for Scuba Diving in Northern Italy?
Where can I take a shower at Dubai Airport?
Japanese 'SU' hotel room classification - enough for two people?
Does driving 150 km from the Trans-Canada highway to Burgeo really take more than 3 hours?
Can I transit through the US with an expired F-1 visa?
Chicago's summertime weather
Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?
Eurostar security control: Taking pocket knife for camping
Can I leave Indonesia and use the same visa when I return?
Cost of Schengen & UK visa?
Reapplying for a Schengen visa
Do I need a visa for layover at Germany airport?
90-day Visa Waiver for Australian
Can I cancel or change my return ticket to a different date after entering the US?
Is re-entry on a tourist visa after being in USA for ESTA for almost 3 months a problem?
I'm arriving to the US by air, but departing via land. How do I end form I-94 now that it is only electronic?
Reliable travel visa requirements for any country combination
How can I get rid of my I-94?
Copenhagen to Odense day trip
How can I ensure that a specific passport is used for US immigration?
Can I re-enter Brazil on a tourist visa after student visa expires?
Electric wheelchairs hire in Cologne
Train from Istanbul To Izmit and back
What hotels will prepare dinner as specified by the customer?
Will it matter if I cross the Russian border 6 hours after my visa expires?
As a German citizen on a working holiday visa in Canada, can I get a new visa waiver for the US after returning to Canada for some time?
Can't check-in to a hotel because I am 18
Police ride along in London
Are foreigners allowed to take a police ride-along in the US?
How do I get to Eglwys Gwyddelod Stone Circle?
Booked and boarding station differ; can we board from the booking station?
Do I need any visa for transit via Amsterdam?
Mobile internet (3G) in UK for some days
Indian prescription in America
UK child visitor visa for Scotland
Is an entry to Mexico a red flag in U.S. immigration?
Is there still reciprocity fee at Chile airport entry for US citizens? (after US Visa waiver)
Chennai (India) to Raleigh-Durham (USA) baggage booking
How can I get from Krakow to Prague?
How do you get air miles?
Transit visa for an adult and infant (MIA-ZRH-FRA-IKA)
Car return / relocation services in the USA?
Mastercard in Japan - pay with signature
Who can pick up a passport with stamped visa?
What is the email address on my passport renewal form used for?
Why do Nepalese authorities care about Everest climb fairness?
What to do with a small number of United miles, starting in New Zealand?
Eating fish eye in Japan
Are live leeches allowed through TSA checkpoints?
No more open returns?
Can I earn SNCF Voyager points, for a booking made without the membership number?
Is there a SIM card that works in Spain, France, and Italy?
Stealth camping in France
Which consulate should issue me a Schengen visa if I transit through several Schengen states?
What are some tricks you use to buy cheap airline tickets in the Caribbeans?
Schengen visa issuing country and first entry state
Forgot to submit consumption tax (GST) declaration form upon exiting Tokyo
Long lay over in Seoul. Do I need a visa as a Filipino citizen?
Costs of tour in Kyrgyzstan
Which frequent flyer programs allow pooling of status credits?
Can I get visas for Nigeria and Ghana in Senegal?
Applying for a Schengen visa in Paris?
Travelling before entering India with UK visa
What is the deepest accessible point on earth?
Park accessible by public transport in Eastern Canada in October
Germany-Bremen To France-Lyon
Can I retain B1/B2 visa status along with a F1 visa to enter US more than 30 days before commencement of course at an University?
Visa Waiver Tourist Re-entry
What visa do I need to visit my uncle in the UK?
How can I know about the type of the airplane before booking
Which airplane is the safest?
Do I need a Direct Air Transit Visa or Visitor in Transit Visa for the UK?
Can I have two Schengen visas in one passport?
How to leave the Philippines by boat to Taiwan, China or Hong Kong?
Pre-reqs for travelling to USA from UK
How to get from Flores to Lombok by sea with stops?
Do I have to claim and re-check in my baggage in international transit when traveling with the same airline?
How many cigarettes can I bring back from Serbia to the European Union?
Why did I receive a Schengen visa valid for only 15 days during a one month period instead of 30 days within a 3 month period?
Is translation of passport stamps necessary?
Dual Canadian and British citizen - healthcare coverage in the UK?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
Stolen passport in USA, foreign national needs to fly domestic
Are there any legal restrictions on busking in Mexico City?
What's the cheapest way to send luggage abroad?
Overstaying a tourist visa in Chile, any other penalties despite a small fine?
Rail travel from Turkey through Georgia to Russia
Dual Passports with two different last names.
Best way for a tourist to access the Internet in the UK?
Luggage allowance on Turkish Airlines
Transit through Schengen area with Bulgarian visa?
Schengen visa to France and Sweden
Which airlines are willing to take whitewater kayaks in luggage?
Getting into a fully booked hotel?
American ID requirements for indian domestic flights
Cancel the train ticket (Waiting status) getting from reservation counter by online of IRCTC
What can be best way to reach Cambridge from Heathrow Terminal 3?
Are there any night bus companies, with beds, in Europe?
Using a return ticket as a one way ticket to Mexico from the UK?
I am a UK state pensioner (dual citizenship) now living in Canada returning for a 3 week visit to UK - will NHS cover me?
What is the best way to travel from IST to Istanbul?
Where to meet another traveller at Heathrow T5
Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?
From Cologne to Maastricht departing at 23h15, is that possible by public transportation?
How to apply for Spanish multiple entry as a UK resident on a Chinese passport?
Is there an ATM in Lille Europe station?
Why are USA to Europe round-trip airfares more expensive than Europe to USA round-trip airfares?
How to rent a car for a road trip in Eastern Europe?
Can I apply for Schengen visa 4 months before travel
Is General Ticket valid in Sleeper class
Missed passport number by one digit when booking flight online
Stay Awake or Sleep to Minimize Jetlag?
How to prepare parents for B2 VISA interview?
Maps Showing Routes of Multiple Airlines
How are zone-boundary cities treated for the purpose of redemption travel?
Is a passport needed for traveling by plane in Mexico? (Non-international flight)
Schengen Visa application while my UAE residence visa will expire before 3 months from the day of departure from the Schengen area
Requirement for applying a Schengen Visa if I'm on my husband's visa in Dubai
Obtaining Australian visa to re-enter the country on a British passport?
Any Sim Card that works in Canada & US
Newark Airport (EWR) to Manhattan - Air Train suspended
Which is the cheapest way of travelling between Cologne and Maastricht by public transport?
Transit via Romania into Schengen
How do I create all-inclusive travel packages for a wedding?
Compensation for a flight going somewhere else
Type of visa for job interview in China
Travelling to UK as a dual-national, when your British Passport has expired?
Where can I eat dishes that feature in western countries' Chinese restaurants?
Why can't I get anywhere from Cleveland via Amtrak?
Quickest way from Istanbul to Krakow
Are there any restaurants serving real chinese food in Benelux?
Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as an Indian going to the Cayman Islands?
Transit visa requirements while traveling from US to India with stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt
VIA Rail Services offered in Business vs Business Plus class
US passport validity requirement for flying to Mexico for tourism (7 days)
How to find airline booking code before buying the ticket
Entering the US with US citizenship pending
Traveling by train over night in Poland, what's the difference between a 6 person couchete and a 6 person cheap couchete?
Best way to do one-way car rentals in the US
Is it legal to drink your own alcohol onboard a plane over international waters?
What happens if you are caught (accidentally) not declaring something at customs?
Travelling with controlled substances through Doha, Qatar on a connecting flight?
Trains in Vietnam
How to log the places you visited as detailed as possible?
Is 6 hours transit time enough to see something of Seoul?
Internet access at Dubai airport?
Bringing laptop with US keyboard layout back into the UK
Heathrow Customs - "Arrivals from the EU" exit
Cost of eating in San Francisco
Do I need a transit visa despite having a Schengen visa?
Can I take a two pin travel adapter plug in my hand luggage?
Are prepaid credit cards widely accepted in Gran Canaria?
American Booking India Train Tickets Through Travel Agency or Hotel
Dual US/UK citizen. Will this show when my UK passport is scanned in America?
Booking tickets separately
How to get from Bucharest Romania to Sarajevo, Bosnia Herzegovina
London Heathrow Airport accommodation for an overnight layover
Can someone with a learners drivers license (from elsewhere in the EU) drive supervised in France?
How to book this complex multi carrier roundtrip flight I found on ITA?
Overstayed in Greece earlier. How can I return now?
Are Danish shops open during Midsummer's eve?
Refused visit a friend visa for Belgium
Transit visa through Germany with expired I94
Transporting an airsoft gun from the US to Israel
Does a suit fit in a carry-on bag or rollaboard?
Italian consulate Schengen visa time
Transit visa reqd for Heathrow? going to USA
Waiting time when applying for a German passport abroad?
Airport security: what if I carry an item with traces of explosive?
British expatriate travelling to U.K. with only a few months left on passport
Would a ticket from Bangkok to a European destination be sufficient proof of onward travel arrangements to be admitted into Malaysia?
Schengen travel: entering Germany from Ibiza?
Breaking journey in UK - two tickets or one?
Using Chip-and-Pin credit cards in the US?
Is it Possible to Exchange Turkish Lira Coins in Tbilisi?
Baggage Allowance on Precision Air
Chennai or Pune for starting location on India Trip
Dealing with money for a trip to Poland and Slovakia
How can I not get electrically shocked when handling my laptop in an airport?
Customs on the way to Zambia
Canadian minors travelling to Poland with grandmother. What additional documentation is required?
Time between flights in Ministro Pistarini Airport (Buenos Aires)
Do North-American car rental agencies typically apply a minimum driving license duration?
Do I need to notify the US consulate before each trip on a B1/B2 visa?
What is a Toronto Transit Commission code 299 or 506?
What is the youngest age a minor is allowed to travel alone internationally?
Layover at Dusseldorf and Frankfurt, category A or B visa?
Legality of carrying spent ammunition
During a SNCF strike, how can I check what trains will run without going to the station?
Forearm walking crutch and air travel
Overstayed on Visa Waiver Program and I am planning another holiday?
South African with Netherlands residence permit wanting to travel to UK
Scenic restaurant overlooking Washington DC
Entering US via car/land border on 90 day ESTA, exiting after 90 days via air/plane, re-entering via land to begin another 90 days
What is the "Innkeeper Rate" at a hotel?
Where can I find a list of cities with public bicycles available in Europe?
Travelling to Mexico from the Caribbean through the US without a visa
Can I determine upgrade eligibility if I know the fare class?
Round trip in Netherlands, Belgium and Germany with a car and a tent
French Strikes: Using idTGV ticket for standard (SNCF) TGV
Baltimore to Las Vegas- why does the flight path change from day to day
Flashing headlights on Autobahn
Why do some fields have no weeds?
Why do taxis in Japan have mirrors on the hood?
Does the US extend F-1 visas on change of degree?
Vessel and carrier number on the ESTA form if travelling by car from Canada?
Pre-paid data SIM for voip in Egypt
During a French TGV strike, must I go to the station to get a full refund for my ticket?
Storing luggage at Tokyo Narita Airport
What happens to checked luggage when there's an overnight layover?
What is the best assistance or help that I can arrange for elderly parents who don't speak English?
Is 2h 45m enough for a layover in Newark Liberty International transferring from an international to a domestic flight (Terminal B → Terminal C)?
What is the most campsite-dense route between Belgium and the Tatras?
Can I use an Emergency Passport as proof of identification within Schengen before travelling back to the UK?
Passport expires soon. Can I apply for UK spouse visa?
Power plugs in Sri Lanka
Advice for flying with a 6 month old infant?
Re-entering Europe with a French "long séjour" visa
Layover in Istanbul with infants
Marriage certificate without previous marriage state
Forgotten to print boarding pass for return flight via Thomson
(British) National Rail - does Anytime Day Return allow 4 trips?
Six month business visa for work and leisure?
Is it possible to reduce the long-distance train fare in Norway?
Dual Citizen UK Australia, Entering UK on OZ passport to avoid possible UK arrest warrant
Bringing (outdoor) food to Japan
Can I travel to Finland with a multiple entry visa issued for Italy?
Turning 18, visitor visa UK
Any bus from Grenoble to Valence France?
Nested Return Flights
Does Tunisia require a Visa if I don´t disembark while in port?
Being denied entry to Israel due to political activism?
Can I get vaccinated for Japanese Encephalitis in India?
Where to buy an electronic ticket for the train from Krakow to Prague?
What's a "tourist" sleeper?
What money to use for a tour in North Korea?
How to take money to Iran?
Aix-en-Provence TGV station blocked by cabbies?
Trips betwen USA and China via Canada. Canadian transit visa needed?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for Canada?
Unable to buy travel insurance for Kosovo in New Zealand
Georgian texts (latin)
Driving from Seattle to Campbell River, BC
Can I gain entry into the Schengen area through Spain if my visa is a Type D Italian visa?
As a French citizen, how long can I travel through Canada?
Student discounts on flights to the US?
Timeframe for extension of Indonesian 60 days tourist visa
Do I need a transit visa if spending 10 hours in a Vietnamese airport?
Bringing outdoor food to Japan
What medical supplies to take for a small child for a stay in a remote village?
Is it possible to hire a car in Norway with a debit card?
Sweden to Cyprus and back
Do I need a visa to transit (or layover) in the Schengen area?
Delay due to strikes - can you claim on the SNCF Garantie Ponctualité?
How much to store luggage at SFO for 24 hours?
More Flexible International Searches
US Permanent Resident and Citizen of Uzbekistan traveling to Canada do I need a visa?
Regarding Afghan nationals visiting Azerbaijan
Travel by train / bus from Newark Airport to Philadelphia Center City
Transit visa requirement for Indian citizen with US permanent residence travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt-London-Chicago
Bus options from Tocument International Airport (PTY) to downtown Panama City
Do Indian nationals require a transit visa at Vienna travelling from Ukraine to India?
How could a Washington registered car travel to Zürich?
Is it safe for a commercial flight to have Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan on its flight route?
What does this Chinese character 天 mean on my visa?
Is it possible to buy tickets for an international train in a third country in Europe?
Transporting meat from the UK to the US
Prepaid credit cards for use in Russia
Temporary address in Germany
How are different ethnicities discriminated against in Japan?
Munich Airport transit on two separate tickets
Is carrying real wasabi allowed in flights?
Nationalism or Fanatical Fanhood in the UK?
Which carry-on rules apply on a domestic leg of an international flight?
Long-life SIM cards in Europe
Gibraltar & surroundings to Morocco with a bicycle
Is there anywhere I can exchange Russian currency while outside Russia?
Alaska-Canada-USA border crossing under Visa Waiver Program
Is the Travelodge chain in the UK part of any loyalty programme?
Carrying a copy of my passport in Romania
What is the problem with Indian water? Bugs or Chemicals
US temporary visa
What's the typical response time for a SNCF Réclamation en Ligne claim?
Use of unused Schengen visa to travel to Switzerland
SNCF strike in June 2014
How to find operators of Panama Canal transit tours
It is possible to travel from London, England to Detroit, USA using a British convention travel document?
Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia?
Planning to travel to France from India as solo traveler
Travel with a Finnish and a Pakistani Passport
Do dates provided when applying for visas have to exactly match the actual flight tickets?
Travel in Morocco during Ramadan?
What's the cheapest way of travelling from United States to Russia and back?
Is Cambridge UK safe?
Carrying US Kevlar ACH out of the US
Can I enter the UK as a tourist then on a student visa?
Can I travel to Croatia with single-entry Schengen visa?
Checking bags through on separate OneWorld bookings?
Would 1 hour layover be enough between Frankfurt and Munich if I have a transit visa and my final destination is US?
Opening a bank account with a quick debit card in Europe
Can I enter Romania and stay for four weeks with a Schengen visa?
Transit visa for Germany
Sleeping options for ~9 hour stop over at Abu Dhabi International airport
Schengen visa for two stop overs in Germany? I do have a valid F1 visa for US
UK Visa in an expired Nigerian passport - what to use?
Are reservations needed to travel in second class on Indian Railways?
Round-trip transit through Canada: does it double transit visa costs?
Applying for a Schengen visa as a tourist in London
How to get from Haneda airport to Narita airport?
Overnight wifi/shower facilities in Haneda airport?
How can I find tall buildings with a publicly accessible view at an upper floor?
Vantage point for photography in Panama City
US naturalization – Is there a gov. agency to contact to retrieve list of all times traveled outside of the US?
Indian passport, Schengen multiple entry visa question
To travel to Athens with a valid French Schengen visa, do I need to obtain a Greek Schengen visa?
Do I need a transit visa in India if my flight will transit in Mumbai and Delhi
Layover in Munich enough time for customs?
How long can I stay in Israel after my student visa expires?
Travelling with 2 check-in bags
Kawah Ijen (Indonesia) volcano at night
Air travel with lighters
UK Travellers to Australia with pending visa subclass 100 on eVisitor
What happens when you exceed the import limits of alcohol in Norway?
Middle name missing on flight reservation, can I still fly?
See nature and wildlife in China, avoid crowds
In USA, do I need a 220V to 110V voltage converter for my India 220V laptop?
Why are some airplane seats numbered "DEK"?
Best transportation method in Sicily
Place to store luggage for the day in Tokyo?
Visa on arrival in Italy for Chinese national travelling with UK spouse?
What do people do on National Anthem Day in Romania
Headphone sockets on Virgin Atlantic Upper Class
Are foreigners targeted in the Xinjiang / Uyghur related violence in Western China?
Serbia - Kosovo border problem?
Facilities available during layovers by Air India
Travel through Cambridge
Is Global Entry active immediately after the interview?
Lufthansa transit at Frankfurt on the way from Chennai to Atlanta, are two hours enough?
Non-Biometric Venezuelan Passport Travel to EU
Applying for Greece tourist visa (Schengen) from a non residence country while on a tourist visa
Heathrow Terminal 5 to Cambridge
Transit visa needed? Canada > Vienna > Iran
Lost european passports and visas in California
Name change with Indian Tourist Visa on old Passport
Long term Italian visa for Malaysian citizens
How do you exit Dutch railway stations with an international paper-based ticket?
Which trains in the Netherlands have Wifi?
Package-deal or plain ticket + hotel booked separately?
Why was there no immigration control flying from Dublin (DUB) to London Southend (SEN)?
Is there a list of hiking shelters in Quebec?
Map of hiking routes in the Polish Tatras?
On an Air France "train", can you credit the trip to Flying Blue or SNCF Voyageur?
My name has "Mr" appended on airline ticket reservation. Would that cause problems at the airport?
Singapore extended visit
Clean/bright clothing in third world countries
What sort of weather to expect in Southwest USA in September
"Only hand luggage is included"
With Air France "TGVAir", can you check in the night before?
How to get to Yogyakarta from Cemoro Lawang?
Where to sell my reward airmiles?
Canadian car seat when traveling to the US
Re-entering the US on visa waiver from Mexico by car
Cheap last-minute flights in Europe
Mastercard Black travel Insurance in UK
How early to arrive at Kings Cross for train?
Does a US immigration officer really have the power to deny entry to the country at personal will?
JR (Japan Rail) Pass - Get exchange order without it being physically delivered to me?
Cellular internet coverage in Norway
Transit in Heathrow with an Italian student visa
How well does T-Mobile's (US) Simple Choice plan work when in Europe?
How to get from the airport to the bus station in Krakow and how long does it take?
Will I be refused a residence permit for having overstayed my Schengen visa?
How can I visit the airbase at Attu Island?
Travelling from a UK airport, can I use a plastic bag with a zip for bringing liquids into my carry-on luggage?
London night bus safety
What are the major 'types' of insurance offered with car rental and what does each one mean in practice?
Exploring the Galapagos Islands with a Disabled Individual
Do USA States have reciprocal agreements for learner drivers' permits?
Carpooling, in general, and in Iceland in particular?
Does going to Russia on a travel visa require providing the proof of hotel booking at the border?
How to obtain multiple entry Schengen visa while in Schengen area
When you fly to Beijing (PEK) and then to a domestic final destination, when do you go through passport control?
What rights do you have in China to appeal stuff being taken off you in transit?
Do minor children require a visa if their parents enter Costa Rica on student visas?
If I have an outstanding medical bill in America, can I go back there?
Can I drive in North Carolina with a EU drivers license?
Searching a trekking route near Edinburgh
Oyster card vs Travelcard from Woking for a weekend
Flying TYO - FRA - LAX - TYO
On a trip to Belgium, should I stay in Bruges or Ghent?
"Proof of foreign residence" for BritRail?
Is a work permit for Canada the same as a visa?
Best way to sleep at Vancouver International Airport and wake up on time?
How to get to "Life Of Pi's" bizarre island?
Changing seats on British Airways require payment
Travelling from US to India through Frankfurt on H1B visa with approved extension
Transit visa requirements for Multi-Leg flights through Heathrow
Why do they sell luggage in airports?
What are the top three healthiest drink options on a typical US flight?
What document can I use to fly from US to Mexico?
Are there any Starbucks locations open after 11pm in the West Village?
Outside Tokyo: Where for flora, landscape, nature?
Within 300 km of Tokyo: Where for flora, landscape, nature?
Can we carry three new smart phones in hand luggage to India?
Whom to contact for opting out of a Visa Interview for USA?
Tourism in the Schengen area either side of a student visa
I had 2 RAC tickets but seat got only one
Is it possible to extend a tourist Schengen visa (12 more days)?
Filipino with US green card traveling to Turkey with transit in Munich and Paris
40 days left to my UK visa will I be allowed to enter?
Transit rules when connecting in Tokyo on two different tickets
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?
Does re-entering Italy restart the 3 month visitation limit?
Cellphone carriers in Europe
Why do I feel nauseous even before my plane ride? + Any tips?
How to get from Rome Ciampino to Lido di Ostia?
Punctuality of the Ferry from Dubrovnik to Rijeka
Is there a website for the Tatra mountains Polish shelters?
Seaside destinations in Japan for nature and scenery?
Traveling from San Francisco to Bombay via London, on an older US Green Card
Consider Hokkaido or not, if relying solely on public transportation?
Can I rent a car in Berlin and drive to Krakow?
Within 300 km radius of Tokyo - Coastal/seaside destinations in Japan for nature and relaxation?
Do citizens of Hong Kong living in Canada - still need a visa to enter Russia for <2 weeks?
Transiting in Dubai on back-to-back return tickets
UK Business Visa from India - Status Check
Can I use a US Business visa obtained while working from one company to travel for another?
Is an Australian travel insurance company right not to honor a cancellation claim even if I can't enter the country while pregnant?
Lowest cost method of exchanging AUD into physical other currencies?
Getting from Kortrijk or Mouscron to Lille by public transport, after the last train
Ration card for Schengen VISA application
Can I plug an adapter into a power strip when going from UK to Europe (Spain)?
Fastest way to obtain a China tourism visa in Hawaii?
Visiting Costa Rica: How to prove sufficient funds?
Only need return flight ticket
I have a Certificate of Entitlement of Abode in the UK endorsed in my SA passport. Do I need a Schengen visa to travel to Europe?
Can I carry homeopathic medicines and uncooked rice to Germany?
Travel to US for medical treatment
What time does siesta start and finish in Spain?
Re-entry into US after 6 months as student
Passport expired while outside the US
Which passports to use travelling between two countries of citizenship?
On a student visitor visa to UK with a layover in Germany: Can I get Schengen visa on arrival or can I do sightseeing wile transiting without a visa?
Turkish Visa Question
What is the difference between "Country of Issue" and "Country of Citizenship" of a passport?
50$ per day requirement for entry into Turkey
Do hotels in Japan always have manual baths in their rooms?
Why does a passport have a place of birth field on it?
Are there people who travel continuously, but still manage to make money on the go?
Hard time proving I am the same person as seen in the passport photo taken 9 years ago
Enhanced Michigan driver's license for travel between Michigan and Ontario
Do I need a transit visa for a trip from Sri Lanka to the British Virgin Islands via Doha, Amsterdam and Sint Marteen?
UK visa required or not, for an American on a long-ish trip?
Is train or bus cheaper in Austria?
Is it safe to travel to Jerusalem?
Crossing from Canada into the US with a rental car as a Swiss citizen: what do I need?
Layover Minneapolis
Crater Lake Oregon - can you sleep in your car at night?
Crossing by car from Bulgaria into Turkey and then into Georgia
Can you be an eligible post-mortem organ donor candidate when you are traveling abroad?
Jamaica visa requirement for Indian citizen
Will Wizz Air charge extra for a stroller with a car seat clicked in?
Travel, shopping electronics (for private use)
Why is sex/gender present in EU-issued passports?
LHR- SFO- HNL stopover transfer time
Flying to the US with prescription antibiotics
Will there be problems bringing an ointment that is labelled in grams through TSA security?
Maps of dirt roads in Europe?
Why is the British passport the most valuable despite colonization?
What countries allow the most visa free / visa on arrival entries?
Tibet: Safe for Traveling?
Can Someone bring a packed phone from US to India
Does anyone make a single device that does GPS navigation and tracking?
How to dry out a wet passport?
Bangkok Ayuttahaya by boat?
Transit visa rules in Dubai airport
Good GPS device to tracking my travels?
Reentering the US years later with a passport of a different citizenship?
How are you transporting the minimum number of golf clubs while travelling?
What happens if I check in to a flight online, but then miss the flight?
Why are flights with hotel bookings cheaper?
Riding on a narrowboat in London
How to get a UK visa while also travelling as a Chinese citizen
Do I need a transit visa with an Indian passport?
Entry and exit from different Schengen countries
Visa validity port of exit or port of entry
As European citizen (Italian), do I need a passport or ID card to get to Istanbul?
Can customs problems cause SSSS to be printed on boarding pass afterwards?
If a hotel staff asks me for buffet food, can there be consequences if I bring him food?
What kinds of documentation does a US citizen need to enter the UK on a tourist visa?
Flight LH 8371 appears on flight trackers but not anywhere on the Lufthansa website. Why?
What Happens When a Wrapped Luggage is Opened by Security?
Are there any historical cathedrals near Frankfurt that I can visit?
Which country to leave the Schengen area for 90 days and come back?
Minimum prerequisites to stay camping on private land (finca) in Spain (Canary Islands)?
Best way to transfer Indian rupees to Bank of America?
Traveling to India from USA with 2 laptops and an iPad
Recommendations for Mendoza and Salta?
Staying more than 90 days in the Schengen area with a multiple-entry visa
Printing while travelling, how can one do it?
Going to St. Petersburg not finding my usual warnings/scam site
iPad, cellular data sim card, London UK?
How much time do I require to make a connection in Munich airport?
Can a US physician give a MRI referral that is valid in France?
Finding travelers to Germany from Hungary by car
How to travel to O'Hare from Megabus bus stop beside Union Station, Chicago with luggage?
Transit twice through Malaysia, do I need a second visa for the return flight?
Water activities on West Scotland's Lochs
Would I be scrutinized at the border for traveling to the US twice in a quick succession?
Traveling With A Seperate Passport While Waiting For A Visa
Do I need an EU visa if I'm married to a UK citizen?
Carrying liquor on transit from Germany
Stay close to nature with daily access to Zurich
How can I find out more information about bus routes in Poland?
Since train options look bad, is there a direct bus from Bucharest to Istanbul?
What documents do I need to do a visa run at Thailand/Myanmar border?
Travel when passport has been sent for renewal
Can you do a drivers test in the US to obtain a drivers license as a souvenir?
Norwegian booking cancellation
Understanding the reasons for a Schengen visa refusal
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?
How to buy tickets for the EN 499 (Lisinski) train online?
Buying reindeer meat in Helsinki
Can I get by using only Spanish in Oaxaca?
Can I just go to a country like Canada to apply for a new US Visa?
How to get an entry permit for Myanmar in Mae Sai?
How to get a State Visitor Permit for a rented self-drive car in India?
Resident permit finishes, can I travel on 90 day visa
Can I get in to London after being deported in Ireland?
Am I allowed to use my valid ESTA again for a short visit to the U.S. after being denied a B2 visa for 1 year?
How much time should I allow for getting a Swiss Railways "Junior Travelcard" at Zurich Airport?
Where can I buy Guatemalan quetzales (GTQ) in Benito Juárez Airport (Mexico City)?
DATV visa application address
Visa to get out of the airport during a 12-hour layover in Amsterdam
Shipping my car from Egypt to Europe
ESTA Expiration to the day
Not flying from residing country, will there be an issue?
Buying Interrail pass abroad without passport
Is it legal to stay in a wild camping in Romania?
Requirements for entering Switzerland
Restrictions on the amount of cash I can carry when entering the US?
Validity of Schengen visa
Passport number mismatch on US visa
Remaining Employed in Hong Kong While in Australia on a 417 Working Holiday Visa
Visa requirement during a layover at a German airport for Colombian citizens flying to Turkey
Are days in Brazil shorter than in Midwest USA?
Layover in Mexico, clear customs on first port of entry?
Transit visa for travel to US from India via Frankfurt and Zurich
Driving between Managua and San Juan del Sur, NIcaragua
Can I take camping food in hand luggage?
How does one "navigate" by train across Central Europe?
Can I get high before I fly out of the Mile High city?
Can I travel to the US for a business trip with a visitor visa?
Watching the football World Cup final in Amsterdam
Search engine for stop over possibilites
Storing Luggage in Taipei
Sending unaccompanied baggage from Japan to USA
Getting from Punta Arenas to El Calafate in July?
Cross Border Canada with B1/B2 Visa
Is it acceptable to leave USA on the 90th day of a stay?
Do I need a visa to enter South Korea?
What dried food can I take across the American border from Canada?
Is there any budget accommodation in Rio Branco, Acre, Brazil?
Do I have to recheck luggage in Heathrow Airport transferring from a flight on Delta to British Airways?
Transit stop in Germany on route to USA from Turkey with expired Turkish visa
Is it possible to enter the UK with a child on an Accompanied visa and then leave alone?
Lisbon layover of 20 hours with a Colombian passport, no visa
Traveling from Mexico to Amman; do I need a transit visa for CDG or LHR?
Changing baggage final destination - hidden-city ticketing
How to find cities with similar weather conditions
Two transits in Europe do I need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa?
Refusal of Schengen visa (Netherlands short stay French embassy)
What will happen if I overstay in Thailand with an expired passport but get a new passport months later?
What kind of visa is necessary to volunteer (WWOOF) in Finland for 6 months?
Cheap hotels with family rooms near motorways in France
Does applying for the US Green Card lottery reduce your future chances of getting a tourist visa?
Can I buy pre-paid data plan in France for 4 weeks, without speaking French?
I need to book a round-trip ticket and a one-way ticket on the same flight?
Applying for a B2 while on J1 in the US
Getting a B-2 Visa two months after staying 90 days in the US
Entering Schengen from one country and exiting TO a different country
Where to leave luggage in Gdansk?
Sleep/stay at the Stuttgart airport without a visa
In an all-way stop, how is the order of arriving at the intersection defined?
Withdrawing money in an ATM in Poland, is there a best network?
How to get from Split to Sarajevo?
Airport transit visa requirement for a Bangladeshi national flying from London to Toronto over Paris
I can't drive can I get a drivers license in USA just to be used as an ID
B1/B2 visa validity after getting F1
Entry to U.S with criminal record
How many regions of India can you realistically visit in 1 month without rushing?
What does Flight Pending Government Approval mean?
For the purpose of entering Russia, is there a difference for visa requirements between Hong Kong SAR passport holders, and Hong Kong residents?
Dorm / Hostel: How to assert myself politely with roommates
Traveling to Canada with my US tourist visa
Bus line 21 from Nice to Castellane
'share shops' in the Netherlands
Is transit time of 40 mins enough for a transit at Dusseldorf airport?
Camping grounds accessible by public transport in Japanese Northern Alps
Ataturk Airport to Yenikapi ferry by rental car?
What is the cost to store luggage in Ho Chi Minh airport (Vietnam)?
Asking about transit visa traveling from Nigeria to Canada with a Canadian passport
Firearm carried aboard an ocean going sailboat
Applying for B1/B2 while under the ESTA visa in USA
KLM stopover for 75 USD -- how does it work?
Change of plans: Going to another country with a single-entry Schengen visa
I have a Chinese F visa, and I want to apply for an Australian eVisitor visa - is this possible?
Travel Portable Battery
Going to UK for 1 night with only 3 days left on visa
Will IRCTC refund after cancelling waiting list ticket?
Has anyone who are non-EU travelled to Greece with UK work permit visa?
Can I use my UK Provisional Driving License as ID in Europe?
Can I bring a big wooden sword as carry on in a plane?
Where is this picture taken from (in Taiwan)?
Cheap phone calls from Canada to Poland
Travel from Barcelona to Nice visiting Carcassonne on the way
US Citizen living in Sweden--Visa required to visit Turkey for one week with family?
Driving to San Francisco from Orange County
do i have to retrieve my luggage and re check in upon arrival at usa?
Did not declare jewelry from Aruba
How to assess rough water severity?
City trip planner tool
Denied Entry into USA - Impact on Future Travel
What's the drinking age on Icelandair?
Exchanging USD for ARS tips
Visiting Bir Tawil or places like it
Legal permissions required to host foreign guests in India via Airbnb
New device checking rules for flights to/from USA
Duty free liquor from Hong Kong to China
Ideal island for bareboat sailing in Caribbean?
Can I leave the Helsinki airport on a layover, as an American
How to get a British passport stamp?
How To Obtain Argentinian Visa For a Philippine Passport Holder in Brasil
Indian passport holder on a US visa visiting the Canadian side of the Niagara Falls
Valid F1 visa (in passport): Transit visa through Frankfurt?
Flights booked for 7 passengers, can the non-paying passenger cancel it?
Documents necessary (and recommended) for first time travel to EU for US Citizen
Transferring luggage from local flight to international (one booking)
American citizen expat traveling to USA, how can I get liability auto insurance?
Going from Newark airport to Philadelphia airport
Local sightseeing in Sao Paulo on a budget - in a day, solo traveler - is it doable?
Are there any flights which permits a Sikh to carry a kirpan?
Mongolia Visa-free regime
Transit visa to UK without going through control
Travel in the Schengen area after my residence card was lost or stolen
How to find inter-country buses in Europe?
Is it possible to apply for a UK transit visa in Heathrow on arrival?
My lost credit card was used to book a hotel room in my name
Is a layover of 1 hour 30 mins enough at IAD (Washington Dulles) given it's the port of entry and immigration will be required?
Electronic medical devices through British airport security
Possible for Polish citizen to obtain US visa without employment?
Looking for a zen place in the Thailand/Cambodia/Vietnam Area where I can be incredibly productive
Traveling only with first and last name (instead of full name)
What items are forbidden to take when traveling to the US that would be OK in most other countries?
Where can I find the most comprehensive resource regarding hostels?
Lyon at night - where to eat?
Can I get a UAE visa in a passport that expires 4 months after intended travel
What does "no booking fee" mean, for HostelBookers?
Strange hotel addresses difference issue
Walk from Mauritius MRU airport to Mahebourg?
London to Chennai, with two stops inside the Schengen area?
Pin-and-chip versus signature in the UK
Flying to Japan from Canada in mid-September, best time to buy?
Can I print my boarding pass in Liverpool airport?
Are there any tours into North Korea that depart from Japan or South Korea?
Buying air ticket to USA for foreign citizen
Geocaching with GPS device in Belarus?
UK Transit visa from Zimbabwe to LAX
Fastest way to travel between London and Sheffield by train or airplane
Canadian Driver renting a car in the UK
Can I buy a belt at ATL?
How many children can one adult take with them on a plane?
Transit Visa from Peru to Italy
Short stay transit visa at Narita Airport, Japan
Middle name on ticket and passport but not in system -- missed flight
Multiple flights with low cost airlines
How do you estimate how long it takes to get out of an airport?
Why do we board airplanes front to back?
Seeking advice on getting a SIM card in Europe primarily for GPS use
Do I need a UK transit visa in addition to an Italian work permit to change terminals at LHR?
Looking for children activity ideas during long-distance travels
valid UK visa in canceled passport
Converting US Dollars to Euros in the UK without getting screwed with two transaction fees?
Transit visa in Amsterdam for a Namibian citizen?
Searching for internal bus connections in Germany
Do I actually need an EHIC?
Where is a good landmark to meet a friend in Tallinn, Estonia?
How to get from Courmayeur to Milano?
Do airliners tend to arrive earlier then announced lately?
Transiting in the US with a soon-to-expire passport?
Where can I rent a 125cc scooter in Barcelona by the month?
I have a valid Schengen visa issued for 35 days. How should I proceed if I need to stay for a longer time?
Thailand to Myanmar, easiest border crossing
Do I need a UK transit visa when travelling in the grace period of a J1 visa?
Prepaid SIM card for Austrian local calls
How should I prepare for potential flooding in Utah and Arizona?
Do I need a transit visa to collect and re-check my luggage at Istanbul Ataturk airport?
Bringing mobile bought in US to india
Do UAE residents {visa engineer} require a visa to visit Saudi Arabia?
I live in the United States and I want to drive to Winnipeg Canada
Melbourne unusual/underground dining
Weekly transportation pass in Rome
How to dispose of a broken suitcase at an airport?
Rollerboard that just exceeds 28 inch in Amtrak train
Do I need to show amount of money at airport in France?
Is there a difference between Italy and other Schengen countries when applying for a visa?
How do I buy tickets for Can-Ar coach?
Lost passport with Schengen visa but want to continue traveling
GDS Amadeus setup cost
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?
Good getaway place from NYC for some peace and quiet?
Do I need a Transit visa
Requirements and process for Schengen visa at Italian embassy in Philadelphia
Where is "Rue des Tourterelles" in Mauritius?
5-day training in NYC
Visiting Lany or Inlemay on a cruise from Spain - single or multiple entry Schengen visa?
Train from Budapest to Zagreb - buy in advance or at the train station?
Temple visits in Greece
Visa needed for Spain & Morocco
about visa entry and exit
Post paid cancelable hotel in Paris?
Travelling by train in Germany, what's the best option to buy the ticket?
What is the rule regarding tips in Czech Republic?
Is it possible to view the ships buried under the Financial District in San Francisco?
Is it possible to buy the ticket on board in German train?
Is web check-in mandatory in German Wings?
Visiting Italy or Germany with a Schengen (Sweden) Type C single entry visa
Schengen visa entry rules for Georgia
UK visa exemptions residence permit EEA
Tipping in Vietnam
I am non-EU citizen working in Germany. Can I travel to UK without a visa?
What is the best way to get from Antwerp to Calp in Spain by train?
Which airplane of the KLM flew from PBM to AMS on January 19th 1991?
Can you safely travel the silk route?
In which church do the French royalists meet?
Are the model trains underneath gare de l'est in Paris open to the public?
Can I own a French registered car as a non-resident?
Schengen days and Ireland
Travel to US a few days before VWP expiry
Is 2hr 25min sufficient for switching from an international flight (EWR Terminal B) to a domestic flight (EWR Terminal C)?
How to take care of my bags with a 2:45h break in a train journey in Seattle?
Does Pacific Central Station (Vancouver) have a Global Entry/NEXUS machine?
Why is it difficult/how to make it easier for Americans to understand Australian accents?
Traveling to South Korea, Should I buy a type C or F plug adapter?
Filling in Schengen Visa paperwork: what is my member state of first entry?
Are carnival-style games still available in Taiwanese night markets?
Non-EU citizen applying UK visa, return ticket from France, should I book a return from UK for UK visa appliation?
Train passport control from London to Paris
UK to Iran by car - insurance question
Problem on overstay regarding the new law that would start on the 12th of August in Thailand
Leaving and Re-entering Canada in order to reset 6 month limit
Transit visa at Istanbul Airport, Turkey, during a Turkish Airlines arranged stopover?
Tipping in Bucharest
Where am I able to do my laundry in the Peak District?
Pricing and booking mixed-class fares, with economy & premium economy combined?
Travel from London to Paris or Zurich by train without a Schengen visa
Schengen visa for someone banned in the UK
travel to schengen countries more than once from UK
Hitchhiking through Germany
Can an asylum seeker with a temporary residence permit from a host country travel to other Schengen countries?
Can I dispatch luggage during a connection?
Will this be considered sufficient proof of onward travel?
Flying into one airport and leaving from another
Best way, and how much time to allow, from Heathrow Airport to Waterloo Station?
Can I return a rental car early?
Flying from US. Do I need to recheck my bags at Heathrow for a UK domestic flight?
Heathrow overnight layover - claim and recheck luggage/go through Immigration?
Applying for an Indian visa after getting naturalized in a different country after having Indian citizenship
Hamburg and surroundings, cost of year-long transportation ticket?
How to reach Reykjavík-Keflavík airport late in the evening from the Blue Lagoon?
Is it possible to have meals at Reykjavík-Keflavík airport after 11 PM?
Light at Canadian border crossing
Schengen visa allows visiting London
Rome - circumventing ticket lines. Is it even possible?
Determining All Nippon Airways class code - Class H or Class Y on a flight?
What time do air conditioned buses run from Colombo to Anuradhapura?
Do I need an airport transit visa for Dublin, Ireland en route to the UK?
Where can I find train routes using Wild West locomotives?
USA Citizen Residing Abroad Traveling to USA with Foreign Wife
Hotels with or around casinos in Colombo
Mobile internet in New York City
Documentation for 9yr old Spanish national traveling to UK
Is it possible to explore London during a 10-hour layover at Heathrow?
Ferries from Europe to Kingston, Jamaica or Port of Spain, Trinidad & Tobago
Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?
What company to use for a flight Paris-Dublin?
Forced layover in country for which you have no visa
Japanese driver's license in Oklahoma?
Cameras to the Delhi airport
What is the price of overweight luggage on Aer Lingus?
Entering China from Hong Kong without a Hong Kong visa
Visa services in time of War
Exchanging a Motorhome (RV) between USA and Australia
uk visa but couldn't travel
Going to China - The Great Firewall
How to survive the heat in regions with very high temperature?
Are there visa issues when transiting in India if connecting flights are booked separately?
Driving from Belgium to Portugal
Compensation for baggage delay (China Eastern, international flight)
How to arrive from Brussels (centrum) to the Brussels airport by bus?
Which is more convenient in Hong Kong ? Stroller or baby sling?
I got an American visa, but ended up not traveling. Could this have implications on future travel?
Cheapest way to meet
Transport from Grenoble to Vaunières
Checking flight routing before booking
What's the best way to take a cold shower?
Is it possible to get to the bus within one hour after landing on Værnes airport (TRD)
E-visa for 20hr layover at Istanbul airport, is hotel reservation necessary?
Do empty tatkal quota tickets get allotted to wait-listed passengers?
Does one need to worry about registration when staying in Russia (Moscow) for 6 working days and 2 weekends?
Is it possible to use HTC Desire C phone in Russia?
Finding a place for shower after arrival at Los Angeles airport
Can I cycle to Frankfurt Hahn airport from Koblenz?
No-visa entry policy during transit in S. Korea
Bringing someone's ashes abroad
Can I get a Taiwan visa from China?
Are security rules, regarding medical exclusions to the liquids rule (100ml or 3-1-1), different at European airports with respect to the USA?
Insurance for skydiving in USA as a UK citizen
Driving from Marrakech to Merzouga for camel tour
Is it really necessary to have at least 60 minutes for a train connection?
What gifts would be welcome for a Swedish host family?
First Time Traveler US Citizen traveling to Pakistan
Layovers from Canada to USA
Is it OK to check in a box that is not plain on the outside (e.g. there are printed pictures, etc. on the box)
UK resident reentering UK on NZ passport as UK passport is being renewed
Shipping luggage vs. checking it for US domestic air travel
Short-term visa rules stated in Denmark website
Can I drive a Dutch friend's car in the Netherlands?
How to get over the fear of flight?
Public transportation ticket in Brussels
Security situation along I-75 on Florida's Gulf Coast
Eating after landing in airport (ORD), can I wait to claim my checked bag?
Are euros well accepted in Liechtenstein?
Non-Japanese hot springs near Sydney
Kaza to Manali via Rohtang Pass in bus / shared vehicle
Is it usual to leave luggage out in the rain at an airport?
What historic sights can I see in Oslo on a 4 hour train layover?
Travelling to USA with passport that combines surname and given name on a single line
Does my visa expire along with my passport?
Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?
Exactly 6 months for a transit visa from US to India via UK
Leaving a country without entering another country and coming back
Is it typical to provide a lot of information for public transport systems in Japan?
Travelling on a Two-Entry Schengen Visa
I visited the US for 2 weeks in May; can I return in November for 2 more weeks?
Tourist visa for Suriname for an Indian Citizen?
Can you split India in distinct focal points to travel to?
Why do Indian citizens need many visas?
First time travelling to another country; what should I know?
Can the grace period for a non-refundable ticket be leveraged to get a lower price?
Is it possible to sit at a seat of higher class, for free, after boarding a flight?
What is the minimum bank balance for getting a Schengen visa?
How to buy one airplane seat and reserve adjacent ones?
International children car seat standards for multiple regions
Checking MetroCard balance outside?
Can I take a bicycle on the Windsor/Detroit truck ferry?
Europe: differences between colours of highway road-signs
In which developed countries (other than the US) does the price tag not usually show the final price to be paid?
What other countries besides India use a Maximum Retail Price model?
A flight I booked months ago just got rescheduled dramatically, into a time that is not possible for me, what can I do?
Place to store a few items in Ayia Napa on day trip from Nicosia (Cyprus)
Can I extend my 30 days Schengen visa in Switzerland?
Entering Canada - visa delays and tourist authorization
Moving between terminals at Heathrow to visit a lounge
How to book flights with multiple stop-overs of several days?
Can you travel to the US 6 days before your H1B visa expires?
Can you buy a plane ticket from a Swedish online travel agency with a US credit card?
Non-resident alien working for non-US company telecommuting for 10 days under ESTA Visa Waiver
Where is the best place to carry perishable foods on long international flights?
What is a typical Australian dish which can be considered a "must-have"?
How to get from Aeroport CDG 1 RER B stop to Terminal 1 arrivals
What is the country of residence under the rules of the InterRail?
What are some of the best beaches without large crowds in Japan that are good to visit in September/October?
What visa do I need to travel to the United States (Texas)
Getting back to Heathrow for an early flight
Do I need collect my baggage between connecting flights within Germany, on a single ticket?
I need to amend my approved Schengen visa to an earlier date of entry
Is the "Young Driver Surcharge" fee the same for all car rental companies in the UK?
How can I travel flexibly around the US?
What does "Baggage: 1PC" mean on my flight ticket?
Confused about the baggage fee for different airlines
Transit visa needed for layover (< 24 hrs) in Germany?
Do i need a transit visa for Paris if i have a Schengen visa issued by Portugal?
What is an "Approval Letter", and how do I get one?
Should a student carry a sleeping bag with himself when going abroad?
Transit visa requirement for Indian national from Zurich to New Delhi via Brussels
Multiple entry Schengen visa - repeatedly entering from a non-issuing country
Change flights in Vienna and time of Austrian Airlines flight
Schengen visa requirements for traveling on a European Disney Cruise?
Handwash on the go
Good route for a 1-day bike trip around Amsterdam
Hong Kong to Japan by sea
Visa to transit in Vienna and Brussels for a Jordanian citizen
Southwest USA - Dangerous Animal Precautions?
Why are balloons prohibited at Amsterdam Schiphol?
Does Eurail Continuous Global pass offer unlimited trips?
Is it possible to travel anywhere on Eurail-valid lines without reserving a seat or paying fees?
Dual nationality, not sure how to switch passports!
France Schengen Visa; Want to Travel to Italy Next Month
Where to rent a non-city bike in Amsterdam for a reasonable price?
What does BAG at the beginning of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines' Customer and Product Record mean?
Why is Diet Coke more expensive than regular Coca-Cola and other soft drinks in Indonesia?
How to go boating in the Ganges?
Transit time at Schiphol
What's the best money option for US travelling?
Name of British Museum Exhibit on objects of civil disobedience?
How to have fun in Bouillon, Belgium
As a Canadian Citizen, F1 visa to a B1/B2: will I have to leave the US and re-enter?
Do I need a visa to stay at a hotel close to Heathrow before connecting to a flight to Vancouver, Canada?
Procedure and time frame to get a credit card replaced
What is acceptable Proof of Travel to get Passport inside 2 weeks?
Can you enter the UK via Eurostar on an EU passport with only one month of validity?
Entering Gibraltar on a multi-entry Schengen?
Permits vs Tickets to Machu Picchu
How to receive goods ordered on the internet, while in the USA
Do I need a transit visa for a stopover in Dubai for less than 8 hours en route to Australia?
Tourist visa for Portugal involving sponsorship from a Portuguese friend?
Visa and Immigration delays on arrival in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia
Visiting cave paintings in Dordogne with small kids
Transit visa through Beijing to Macau
Is it safe to travel to Morocco due to the Ebola outbreak?
Sightseeing in Japan as an Indian Citizen holding a US F-1 visa
What are family-friendly places to visit in Hiroshima with young kids?
Can I bring cheese to the US from the Netherlands?
What to expect in Detroit in terms of personal safety?
Baggage tagged with "limited release"
Does one need a visa to visit Antarctica?
Why is security screening done at the gate in some airports?
Become a travel agent just for yourself to get deals
Lyme disease treatment for tourists in the state of New York
Going to Amsterdam via the UK when previously denied entry to UK
Immigration found my friend's passport already in use
How to find out if your Japan → Korea ferry is going to be cancelled by a typhoon?
Visiting Neuschwanstein without booking a ticket?
Wi-fi coverage in Taormina and Palermo
Travel in the Schengen area with only carta d'identita italiana and permesso di soggiorno
How do I find a campsite that allows campfires in Iceland?
Frankfurt Card 1-Day Ticket - 24hrs or 00:00-23:59?
Is there any scheduled bus service at Eastern Iowa Airport (CID)?
Can I continue vaccines in France? (from the US)
Visa requirement for Bahamas Cruise for L1 Visa holder
Separate Visa from embassy after Schengen visit
Are student ID discounts region specific?
Why are round-trip car rentals much cheaper than one-way car rentals?
Does an app exists that tells me if I am in the correct train in Belgium?
What is Airbnb's contractual obligation in cases where something is wrong with your booking?
Is a Network Railcard valid for East Coast Trains services between London and Stevenage?
Is there any white water rafting nearby Bangalore, India?
Visas necessary to travel from Moscow to Kalinigrad
Why are flights from India to North America usually late night?
Where and how to get a Carnet de Passage for a Pakistani Vehicle?
Is there a bus running from Uyuni, Bolivia to San Pedro de Atacama, Chile?
Which large countries use 12-hour time format (AM/PM)?
Walk from San Sebastian to Picos de Europa in 3 days with some hitch-hiking?
Declare Trix for Canada?
What if one family member doesn't have a photo ID for domestic air travel in India?
Meaning of various fields on a Schengen visa stamp
Is it possible to environmentally offset long-distance air travel?
London Transit Visa for US to Indian with Valid US H4 Visa
Where to look up times for shows in London?
Parking south of Chicago near CTA to central Chicago
If my layover time at London is 14 hours, should I have a UK transit visa for the travel?
Any experience with the "Extremely limited pedestal reservations" for statue of liberty at the ticket office?
Travel Consent Letter for US Domestic travel
Visiting Romania with a type D visa for Germany
Tips for sleeping in a Couchette sleeping carriage?
Can e-cigarettes / vaping set off smoke detectors?
Checking in with Ryanair - no longer possible for free more than 7 days ahead?
Termini to Colosseum in Rome - two different train stations?
Are the usual TB vaccinations sufficient for the MDR and XDR strains now in Africa?
An Android "exploration" app that marks in a specific color each location where I have previously been?
VWP vs. obtaining a visa for the US
Does any airline in the world allow air travel without government identification?
Travelling from India to canada via Dubai and London. Do I need a transit visa
How can I know about the track of a specific flight?
Where is the safest place in an airplane?
What can I do about a laptop stolen out of luggage in transit?
Where to find arrival/departure locations of Greyhound buses during online purchase?
Taking the train from Madrid to Malaga
On the Matrix ITA site, why doesn't Virgin Australia show up in the search results?
What are mini-bar policies for one-night stays in hotels?
transit visa for UK required? layover time-14 hrs/ travel - india to vancouver/ valid canadian visa/ arriving in london on 20 aug and leaving 21
Istanbul layover - visa for Egyptian to leave the airport?
Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer?
What can I expect on Thanksgiving in Canada?
Transit visa on arriving for Japan
Does "last check in time" apply for connecting flights?
Possible reimbursement for missed connection due to gate change
Working holiday visa in passport but wanting to visit on tourist visa first
How to pass customs in time in case of a flight delay
Applying for a visa for Pakistan as a student in Australia
Applying for Schengen visa from India for a person working in USA
Is Puerto Rico domestic or international from the USA?
From London to Luton Airport by National Express - how long does it take?
How can a tourist rent a house or apartment or any other residence in Germany except hotel?
Luggage storage in Oxford
Airport boarding fee in La Paz, Bolivia
What should I do after buying an airline ticket?
More economical times to fly from New York to Paris
How does one get from St. Thomas to the Virgin Gorda Baths?
Holder of a Palestinian refugee travel document issued by Syria - traveling to Amsterdam
Why do airlines gate check bags when there is still overhead space?
4-day stopover in Frankfurt, what about my luggage?
US citizen husband visiting me in the UK
Airport transit visa from Brussels (Belgium) to Geneva
Will this device work with a US/Europe adapter?
How to find out the name of a fellow Indian train passenger?
IRCTC ticket reservation
UK Citizen attending and filming Conference in the USA on Visa Waiver Program
Phone SIM Card for multiple countries
Flexible car rental in Seattle or Vancouver
Apple Store in Ankara or Turkey
Can shaving my head cause problems entering the US?
Belize with two small children
Traveling to Canada as a US Citizen for a very short trip
Can I travel to Spain on a UK visa? I am a Fillipino
Flying Winnipeg - Calgary - Amsterdam - Berlin, when do I go through customs?
Why must I lock the door of an aircraft lavatory before the light inside fully brightens?
Is it possible to travel safely from Istanbul to Moscow with a UK passport?
What is required for a British citizen to cross the border from China to Russia at Heihe/Blagoveshchensk
Travel insurance for someone residing in UK under biometric residence permit
Should I worry about being refused a ‘transit without visa concession’ in the UK?
Traveling from Kobe to KIX airport to catch early morning flight
Can I stay in Schengen area after my visa expires if I enter while the visa is valid?
Which carrier has extensive cellular coverage in Sicily?
Can I know where I need to go to experience a given weather type?
Does T-Mobile charge international roaming fees in the US Virgin Islands on a US pre-paid plan?
Do Hilton Points and Money stays count toward elite status?
Connecting from Terminal 3 to 1 at Copenhagen CPH
Can I ever get a Schengen visa again?
UK 6 months visa about to expire
Madagascar in Dec/Jan, how bad is the rainy season?
Overstayed on Schengen visa in Denmark, applied for permanent spouse visa, will it be granted?
Visit Pakistan for a week
Bug spray on my suitcase
Am I a British citizen overseas or just a UK British citizen?
Norway to Paris — immigration check?
Will a Spanish visa issued to an Indian citizen with an incorrect date of birth cause me problems?
Which passport to use immediately after naturalisation?
Macau: Using Hong Kong dollars (HKD) instead of Macanese Patacas (MOP)
Noise reduction inside airplane
Clarification on Immigration Stamping - Flight to UK → Sailing to South Africa → Flight to India
How can I extend my stay in the US for more than 90 days as an Australian Citizen
Review censorship on the big travel websites: Any analyses/research?
Booking two separate return flights home from the United States?
Travelling after E3 Visa
When asking for ID checking into a Spanish hotel, what is acceptable?
Travel to Singapore on Cancelled passport
What is the "MULT" means? How can I use this visa for more than 2 entries to Schengen area?
Why does my boarding pass read "APIS OK"
Getting around in London without preordering Oyster card
One hour Lufthansa transit time in Frankfurt from Bangalore to Dublin
Enable Internet access on the go in Ireland
Can I travel to the USA?
US law and travel to Cuba for citizens of third countries
What is the correct way to pay in a restaurant when you get the check in a book?
Why does TSA security vary so much for different airports?
Which countries I must get a transit visa in order to board on a second flight?
Precautions when travelling to Middle East (DXB,SHJ) w.r.t PC and Kindle contents?
Rent a Car in Constanta Airport with return in another country
Do I have to collect my luggage on connecting flights into Germany?
Can I Travel USA
As a native English speaker, which two further languages would give me the most travel utility worldwide?
How to leave Hong Kong International Airport by foot
Is there an obligation to renew a small child's passport before its expiry date?
Inter-US air travel on a Visa Waiver (VWP)?
Double entry tourist visa Thailand in Laos - flight ticket /20,000B required?
Does a non-American need an ESTA to leave the USA?
Is a US visa valid without an entry stamp?
Is there a known maximum number of codeshare codes a flight can have?
Straight razor on a plane to Moscow from abroad
Is there a difference between an Express MetroCard and a non-Express MetroCard?
NY Subway: What does it mean if a train stop is greyed out?
International travel with parrots
Can I carry a ceramic knife in the cabin baggage?
Can a Thai national married to a UK citizen enter the UK freely?
Can you book hotels on a prepaid credit card worldwide?
Is there a home of New York-style pizza in NYC?
Belgium visa needed for travel or not
Antigua Visa Application from Hawaii for Chinese Citizen
How can I get help understanding UK visa requirements?
Do I "Need" a luggage lock in the US?
Another scenic pass, near the Stelvio pass
Anyone know of any late night co-working spaces in London?
Can I skip an indirect flight?
Using 2 different airlines for outbound & return flight to U.S?
Travel with a hula hoop by low-cost airlines?
Where to hear live rendition of the National anthem in NYC?
Are you likely to be asked for medical travel insurance when visiting Israel as a Russian citizen?
How to fight a US driving ticket from abroad?
Prepaid bank card in the UK
What are police procedures in France when the victim is a traveler?
Australian tourist visa for Philippine citizens - no stamp in the passport
Schengen visa with adverse credit report
When to buy plane tickets to get best rates?
How/where to buy mixed-class tickets for a flight?
Weather recommendations for Amsterdam
Tipping in Cuba as a Canadian
Schengen Visa to travel to Romania
Are aerosol cans allowed and safe, in checked luggage?
Will Bárðarbunga threaten my vacation?
Australian living in Canada, USA Visa Waiver Program?
Can I take my disassembled desktop computer on a flight from Turkey to the UK? (some new regulations)
When's the best time to fly with kids
Going from Luton airport to central London?
If a baby is born on an international flight over international waters, what nationality are they?
If a baby is born mid-flight, what happens visa-wise for them when they land in a foreign country, sans-passport?
Are there any package tours that run from Singapore via Malaysia to Siem Riep/Angkor Wat?
Hong Kong to Macau ferry - crowded on weekends?
I-94W visa ? ESTA?
Dealing with nodding or shaking of head confusion
Overstayed Schengen Visa, how long to wait before entering again?
Can my spouse receive an emergency UK visa to visit a funeral?
Strange knob on airplanes?
ESTA approved on the same day as B-1/B-2 visa refused
How can my aunt obtain a UK visa while in the US?
Do you need a visa to transit Abu Dhabi airport?
Can I use my birth certificate as identification on a bus in Texas?
Is it possible to downgrade a business/first class flight to economy without the ticket purchaser knowing?
Can I book two tickets to reach my destination with a stop over to my destination?
Visiting Andorra from Barcelona
How to get to London Heathrow from Shepherd's Bush in light of possible Tube strike?
Apply for new UK tourist visa from home while current one is still valid?
Trying local Turkish Cuisine in Istanbul
Is there room for a rollaboard in a CRJ-200 overhead bin?
About Visa Waiver Program and B-1/B-2 visa
From Munich to Berlin, 6 hours in Dresden or Nuremberg or Bamberg or Leipzig?
Most comfortable seats for family of four - Philippine Airlines Boeing 777-300er SFO-MNL
Schengen visa refusal twice: appeal process?
DNT cabins near the Trondheim-Bergen bus road
What is the meaning of "Marine Fares" regarding airline baggage?
Why isn't it safe to swim on Goa's beaches in the "off season" (June-September)
Stopping at an airport different from destination
How safe is Addis Ababa?
Indian citizens (2 sisters) want to vacation in Japan for sightseeing. What is required by India and Japan?
Cellphone in Thailand
Why is apple juice hard to order in a restaurant in Spain?
Four trip discount on Netherlands trains?
Is it possible for a Canadian to live in Japan for a year or two while working remotely?
Is a visa needed for a stopover in USA for a person holding a Canadian permanent resident visa?
What do tibetan door tassels symbolise?
Can I still travel to Schengen countries if I have an expired residence permit?
Travelling from Berlin Airport to Leipzig
Is it against regulations to pack my laptop battery on its own in my checked luggage?
Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired?
Laptop w/o battery US bound flight?
What makes a backpack a women's backpack?
Money and Cards in the US
Are the UK Highway Code rules regarding roundabouts sufficient?
How does the price for flight tickets between France and New Zealand evolve during the year?
Short stay visa to Romania
How do travel agents make profit?
Refundable Flight Ticket in Malaysia Airlines?
Maximum multiple-entry visa for Europe with a UK work permit
Languages spoken in the Netherlands
Car Rental in Ireland for under 25 year old
Travel from Budapest to Cluj-Napoca
How does one respectfully greet someone in Japan?
What are the options for a non-EU national who wants to extend his stay in Switzerland (totaling less than 90 days)?
What rights do we have after being 'abandoned' in Guatemala during a technical stop?
In which EU countries it is illegal to carry/have a kubotan keyring at customs?
Quickly obtaining an ID to fly within the US
Is there a crowdfunding platform for trips?
Is there a time limit to staying on an ESTA in any one year?
Entering the EU with insurance info on cellphone
Ecuadorian traveling to Sochi via Heathrow
South African passport but British citizen living in the US planning a trip back to the UK
Can I leave the UK and come back just before my work visa expires?
Which side of Lyria train to sit on from Paris to Geneva?
Do airlines replace cancelled short-haul flights by buses? If not, why not?
What popular western web services don't work in mainland China?
Is it legal to bring Jamón Ibérico from Spain into the United States?
Where can I get alerts for earthquakes in California?
Could one find and hire a guide for Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic for a day?
Madrid Barajas to Toledo transfer
Which airlines ban the use of Knee Defenders during flight?
Identify waterside building / skyline
Schengen Visa - Overstay query
How can I search specifically for cottages/cabins with kitchen(ettes)?
Macau/Hong Kong: Visa for going back and forth
Buying alcohol in Prague
Romanian Embassy in London
Hotels in Barcelona for People Aged 17?
Financial proof to get a Schengen visa to France
Gifts for Chinese hosts?
Does British Airways allow the use of KneeDefenders?
Is there an FAA-rated airplane safety harness?
LDW / LIS for US car rental booked in UK
Is it possible to buy another 16-25 Railcard before my current one has expired?
Traveling to Mexico for a few & back to LA under Visa Waiver with a French Passport
Paris transit visa
Can one carry an internal hard-drive in cabin-luggage?
Car hire credit Card in Ireland
Transit through Beijing - Languages?
Which European cities are connected by convenient night boat?
What is the limit of cabin baggage on Wizz Air flights?
Alternative route for the shut down Harwich - Esbjerg ferry route by car
Per-route on-time performance for VIA rail
Croatia, passport-free travel: as of 2014, still separate from Schengen Area?
What cities are close to Zurich that have great history around WWII?
Can I drive into Ukraine with my car?
Aircraft headphone volume
Is it possible to visit the US for 4 months once there on the VWP, without leaving the continent?
Number of days stay in Schengen countries
Do I need a business visa with a valid residence permit for China?
Is it possible to travel around the world using JUST Low-cost carriers?
Food on the TGVs between France and Spain?
Do I need a (European Auto Insurance) Green Card while driving inside the EU?
Is a Kyushu itinerary with Japan Rail Pass + Car Rental cheaper/more convenient?
How can a foreign national get a fishing/hunting license in the South Carolina?
How do I address a vertical postcard?
Flying to Germany from USA as Dual Citizen, passport use?
Do I need a visa to Transit US?
Getting from Oxford to Saunderton (near High Wycombe), by public transport, before 9am?
What publicly accessible vantage points exist in Portland, Oregon?
Visa-free travel: no entry or exit stamp given between UK and French border?
Travel to Scotland over Christmas & New Years: are hiking & outdoor activities right out?
Could not board flight LHR to BKK without departing ticket
Send 1 overweight suitcase instead of 2 underweight?
Is it possible to get a tentative flight itinerary to apply for Taiwan visa without paying?
Is a student ID issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi valid for boarding on a domestic flight within India?
Airside arrivals area at Heathrow T3
Can you get on an Amtrak train at a later station?
Android app for offline GPS maps
Can I go to a bar in NYC without drinking at the age of 20
Is the Cairo airport safe at night?
Select carrier to transport pallet from Europe to USA
Why do UK train tickets crossing London include the underground, but Paris ones don't for the metro?
Buying stamps in Barcelona Sants station
Is there a preferable exit row in an airplane?
Can I travel by road, from Greece to Italy, with only my Greek identity card?
Same sex marriage in the UK for foreigners on vacation
What happens when you book a flight to a country you don't have a visa for?
Staying in the USA after the expiry of my waiver
Which mazes in Europe are worth visiting with children?
How long until I can reapply after refusal of a UK Standard Visitor visa?
Where can I eat sushi with chocolate in it?
Claiming compensation for late service of Eurotunnel
International driver's permit expired in Spain — what should I do?
Flying to a Schengen zone from a country other than the one where the visa was issued
What will happen if I cancel the credit card with which I booked a flight?
Does Venice smell?
How would you refer to / search on this Alpine region?
Starting from Puerto Princesa, Philippines where is the nearest volcano that can be climbed in 2 or 3 days?
Airline compensation for failure to check visa eligibility?
Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport?
Work permit (Tier 2) - Impact on schengen application (nonEU)
Issuing fresh passport in India when birthdate is wrong in some documents
Electronic Devices and airport security checks
US visa photo: ears must show?
Hokkaido Precipitation in December
How to know a flight is not full?
Is there any way to tell if someone has been through our hotel room?
Why do some hotels etc and other accommodation have rules against washing clothes in your room or in the sink?
Trenitalia e-ticket not received
Hertz@SFO: Park during car pickup
What happens if I leave Australia without paying a fine (for setting off fireworks)?
Whilst in the US on a 6 month trip on a B2 visa, can you leave the country and come back, say for a friend's wedding in another country?
How to use a "code avantage" discount code from the SNCF Voyageur program?
Website to plan travel?
Knife carrying laws in China?
Oat Bran in Sealed Canisters
Flying to UK to reset 90-day rule for USA's Visa Waiver Program?
Luggage was stopped by customs (we learned about it after our flight)
How to apply for Vietnam tourist visa
How to track my UK Visa Application Status?
UK Visa-Direct Airside Transit Visa. Indian National having Permesso di soggiorno in Italy
Why is it considered so dangerous to travel in South Africa?
Same sex marriage in the US for foreigners on vacation
Travel insurance against death in Europe
What should I do if I pay for Oyster by credit card and forget to touch Oyster card after payment?
I apply for a J-1 visa, can my wife apply for a B1 visa (instead of J2) to visit me?
Why was I charged a $25 check-in baggage fee for the IAD-DTW (US Airways) leg of this itinerary?
Do I need a Schengen Visa to transit in both Amsterdam and Paris on the way flighting from Canada to Vietnam?
Travelling to India from China - Limit on Customs?
Can I visit India for 2 months with an extension on I-94 and an expired L1B visa?
Can't find accommodation in Mantova, Italy. Where can I spend the night?
Will the Japan Indonesia friendship Festival 2014 be held despite dengue outbreak?
As an Indian Citizen, can I use my b1/b2 visa after f1 visa period or will I have to leave US and reenter?
Non-EU citizen Schengen visa via French Embassy
Schengen visa question – Indian citizen
Travelling from Frankfurt airport to Leipzig by train
Dublin transit visa requirements for Indian citizens
Does a US Citizen need a visa to enter as a tourist to the UK for 6 months?
How can I work out the price of a UK bus fare online?
passport damage to e-chip
If parents with permanent residency visas arrive in Australia with their two babies who don't have permanent residency visas, can they be turned away?
How to get from Monaco to Nice by public transport?
Extending ETA Visa once in Australia as a US citizen?
Weather in Transylvania, Romania in October
How to deal with future uncertainties when booking an airfare
Cheapest way to ship luggage from Sweden to Germany
Entering India with a visa even though I previously overstayed as a visitor
Schengen visa: Must I enter and leave the Schengen area in the same country?
Rail cost from Weeze to Düsseldorf
Hill walking and camping in the Peak District
Two Passports, One Trip (essentially)
Tenerife South Airport to Teide
Cannot book individual leg of multi-leg flight on flight search engine
Purchasing cookware (eg. Teapot) in china: concern of lead
Must one always request a visa in his country of citizenship?
Allowed to board without Schengen visa, can I get reimbursed for costs incurred?
Should I buy JR Pass before traveling to Japan?
Air France tickets not visible on checkmytrip (and alternatives)
Dealing with conflicting announcements in multiple languages?
Things to keep in mind booking ARNK international tickets
Going to Japan for 2 weeks, vaccinations
Cheap/free ski passes for children
Does missing the first leg of an ARNK (open-jaw) reservation automatically cancel the remainder of the itinerary?
Is it illegal to purchase fake designer handbags from street sellers in Spain?
Toll charges issued in a different country
Missing Flight Check In
Why can two different airlines have different travel durations for the same itinerary?
Motorcycle tour of Sweden and Norway
5 days alone in Malaysia - what should I do?
Schengen Visa travel to Romania from India
Bus search engines for Germany without place of arrival?
Traveling with two passports
Flight booking. Extra information to entice quick booking?
How to get travel insurance for a trip beginning in India and ending in the UK
Begin a flight itinerary with a transfer
Schengen business visa extension in Spain
Visit to Bangkok for Canadian expatriate
Tourist - USA-Canada-USA in a few days
What if my boarding pass name does not match perfectly with my id card?
90 day holiday visa for South Korea
Cancelling Connection flight
Bringing prescription drugs into Bangkok
A day visit to San Francisco possible with a 11 hour stopover?
Arrival visa from airport
Traveling to USA via Canada
Questions about MileSAAver Economy rewards
Traveling home to England with only 5 months on passport
Known Traveler Number when traveling with a tour group
How much do car hire companies charge for fuel in Paphos, Cyprus
How many iPhone 6 devices can I bring into India?
Would I be able to enter USA currently?
Which ways can i go from Atlanta to Philadelphia?
What's the typical microclimate in the aircraft passenger cabin?
When you're not able to pay custom duty in the airport
What do I lose by not booking flights through a travel agent?
UK Business Visa valid in Hungary
Transport pass for 5 days in Paris including 3 days in Villepinte
Travel with violin Amtrak from Trenton NJ to Lancaster PA
First entry to Italy on a Schengen visa issued by Greece
Will I have problem getting student visa after being refused once?
Car hire - do they have a "fair usage policy" for miles/kms driven?
Why the different passport issues travelling US to Canada?
How do I get to/from Korcula/Dubrovnik in October?
Is there a website with historical temperatures and weather data?
What is the meaning of the expiration date on a Delta voucher?
Do I need a UK visa if I have a 7-hour layover in London?
Flying on third party booked tickets
Proof of funds for a US Visitor Visa Application
Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension
Does a dual Nigerian-UK citizen need an ILR stamp to leave the UK?
Where do I find really fast internet access in Auckland, New Zealand?
Do Ireland and Scotland still accept magnetic strip Visa or Mastercard credit cards?
Is returning to country of origin from any schengen country possible?
Sim card for travelers in Turkey
Hiring and buying used bicycle in Tbilisi, Georgia
Are 2.5 hours enough for a layover in Rio?
Queenstown, New Zealand private transfers
How does one inform airlines of one's KTN, if the KTN was issued after a booking had been made?
Question regarding transit visa in Germany for an Indian citizen?
Why do arrival and departure cards exist?
Can I ship my stuff from London to New York storage facility and pick it up later?
Narita Airport Custom check for tax-free purchased items
List all non-stop flights between any European city and city X?
Where to find public water taps in the Netherlands?
Climbing Mount Aragats in October
Driving from Haines Alaska to Anchorage Does having a felony (Domestic Violence) 15 years ago prevent me from entering and exiting Canada?
Is there a website or resource with tips of places where to leave luggage?
Travelling On B-1 Visa From Australia And Entering US As Consultant
Is traveling to Ireland from CDG or AMS airports through domestic terminals?
Can minors with dual US/UK citizenship travel to the US on their UK passports?
Travelling Croatia from Schengen area and return to Schengen area
What is the best way to get from Tirana (Albania) to Dubrovnik (Croatia)?
Two long visits to USA on VWP
Can I still enter any Schengen member state if I have been denied entry to another?
Singapore downtown and Sentosa island
Is it easy to get the UK tourist visa again after expiring?
Can a US minor travel by air from the USA to Mexico without a passport?
What can you do about being forced to sit next to a very large passenger?
Which UK visa do I need? I'm Peruvian, travelling to the UK to visit school, but also need multiple entry
What to do around Amsterdam Airport Schiphol during evening time?
Middle name missing on flight reservation, API needs middle name
Am I allowed to bring whey protein from the US to Canada in my carry on baggage?
Am I allowed to carry a microscope from Canada to a country that is a EU member?
14 hour layover in Incheon, how to spend the time?
Help with Student Visa (Residence Permit in the EU) and Schengen Visa
About Istanbul Transit Visa
Apply for a UK visa while not in my home country
Why does the airport insist that I show up hours before take-off
Why were water bottles confiscated in a boarding gate jetway in Hong Kong?
When are U.S.-bound flights required to confiscate liquids at the gate?
Bardarbunga volcano tourism (Iceland)
I am a Moroccan citizen travelling from USA to Morocco, and I have a layover in Denmark for three hours, do i need a visa to transit
Can I return to the states after two days?
What ticket reservation do I need for a Schengen visa?
I bought an economy ticket and was issued first class ticket
What does it mean to be in the fast lane in California?
Does a foreigner need to pay a fine for violating the seatbelt law?
How hectic is traffic on days near Hari Raya Puasa in Malaysia?
Traveling to the US with new passport, visa on the old one
Need to understand why my Schengen visa was refused
Costume photo booth in San Francisco
Driving to Yellowknife, NT
Camper vehicle supplemental insurance in New Zealand
Last Minute Extension of Chinese M Visa
Oman visa for a young Morrocan woman
Travelling from Saudi Arabia to Toronto on dual passports, visa waiver with American?
Visa fee for Swiss visa in London
On TGV (or other French long-distance trains), can you take the earlier/later train?
Can I get visas to travel from Vietnam to the UK and go to Australia and then go back to Vietnam?
Will I be allowed to bring 3 iPhones to Argentina (Buenos Aires) from the US?
Is it possible to travel from Korčula to Dubrovnik in October?
What should I put in the 'main address' field when applying for a UK transit visa?
Why does EasyJet require my ID details in advance?
Do I need to show my passport when I leave the UK?
Taking electronic equipment to India from USA
Is there any roofed accommodation in Boquillas del Carmen, Mexico?
Travelling to China
Is my ESTA valid for a second trip?
Travelling from Brussels to London without a passport
My passport and visa has been stolen in USA
Why Airfares vary from One Airline company to another?
Where can I watch a game with New England Patriots fans in NYC?
Flight from India to Cayman islands non -via USA/UK
A European city to visit during the end of December
Is there a car-rental scheme that works worldwide?
Money at UK border control
Phone during a holiday to usa
Can I store a surfboard at Tokyo airport?
More Flight Routes from India to Grand Cayman
Can I buy two one way tickets for a trip?
What is that device at an airport which transports packages to the aircraft called?
Schengen Visa question
Why does connecting flight need a security check at connection airport?
Do I need a transit visa for London, UK?
Stop over in London
Transit visa Australia
How to enforce transit points during flight booking to avoid transit visas?
What's the best SIM card for France, with long validity and no hidden fees?
Transit visa for Brussels for Jordanian citizens
Is riding a bicycle in the parks of Glasgow allowed?
Travelling from US to India via Brussels with Jet Airways , do I need a transit visa?
Tokyo Late Night/Early Morning Layover
Is there a legal limit to the amount of cash one can carry on domestic US flights?
What is the closest city I can go from a bullet train departing from Beijing?
Where to meet outside Heathrow T3?
Data on baggage theft rates, by airport or airline
UK Visa Refused - can I reapply immediately?
History on the plane wreck in Solheimasandur as a tourist attraction?
Retroactively claim miles in different alliances?
UK visa refused, now I want to reapply but didn't mention my family last time - what to do?
Iraqi citizen traveling to Romania - do I need a transit visa in Turkey?
Extension of Schengen Visa
Somebody send e_mail to US embassy presenting to be me , Can I find him?
A friend's visa has expired in Thailand. How does he get back to the UK?
Can there be 2 names in surname in a U.S. passport?
Can we carry electronic devices at the Swiss Regional Consular Centre, London?
Sarajevo to Budapest
"Speaking" Korean without really speaking Korean, as a tourist in South Korea
When is the best day and time to buy tickets at Qantas?
US Domestic Flight changed to different connecting city and lengthen, can I get compensation?
Canadian overstayed a US visit by one year what is the penality and when can he return to the US?
What does the author mean by 'back to back' and 'hidden city' ticketing hacks?
What's the difference in content and focus between "Wallpaper*" guidebooks and others?
How to do online payment in Ireland with french credit card?
Khiva to Urgench for 8:40 am flight
Which is faster, e-passport gate or manual border control?
Does the Stockholm Card covers all public transportation by boat/ferry?
Clearing Customs at Heathrow for a connecting domestic flight to Leeds Bradford
Can I use B1 visa to travel to any US state without a business purpose?
Personal item size on a United Airlines flight to Asia
Dublin Transit visa for Sri Lankan citizens
PlayStation4 From Hong Hong to INDIA
Going to US, information on forex to be carried
Visa requirements traveling in Transit via Heathrow
Traveling to Brazil as a Dual US / South African citizen
How to apply and get schengen visa after it has been rejected
Does one need to fill in a form for a Visa On Arrival?
Consular help for EU national in a country with a limited consulate of own country?
Sheremetyevo (SVO) Airport transit zone temperature
Place to quickly find Amtrak fares for multiple days?
What neighborhoods in Paris are the least commercialized?
What to do in Bangkok during midnight stopover
Are there restrictions on Greyhound Australia's "hop on hop off" tickets?
How fast is mobile internet in Malaysia?
Do you have to pay immigration to leave Malaysia?
Any website that gather ongoing and upcoming strikes amongst airlines?
Where can I rent and fly a kite in Singapore?
Do I need to show/fill-out any special documents for Philippine Air if traveling to China for 72-hour Transit Visa?
How to safely transport external hard drives during air travel?
American citizen that visited Pakistan
When does the Yufuin no mori train run?
VAT Refund Process for Cash Purchases
Converting a JR-Rail Pass?
A year long Schengen visa but I have passed the three months maximum stay
Going back-and-forth between Belgium and Germany on a Schengen visa
Is an EEA registration certificate (EEA1) valid ID for travel within the Common Travel Area?
Using the Alaska Airlines Companion Fare on Air France
Can I travel alone on a UK Child Visit visa?
Going to Schengen countries for the second time with a multi entry visa
How many iPhones can I bring to India?
Visit to London from Belgium as a Myanmar citizen
Connecting through Abu Dhabi with Etihad and Virgin Australia
Is there a "MacGyver" like chalenge theme park / adventure park / place?
Cycle / Bike Hire in Amsterdam
If you have a rental car from outside Germany, can you enter the environmental zones?
Can tourists meet mikos (Japanese Shinto shrine priestesses)?
I have two Schengen visas with adjoining dates, is it OK to travel?
Using a B-1 Visa for training in a different state than on application
Re-entering a Schengen country
How to earn Qatar airways air miles without actually flying
Mobile connectivity in Budapest subway
Driving in the winter (Dec-Jan) from Ohio to California
If I purchase a ticket with an age condition, at which point should the condition be satisfied?
Can I drive to Mexico and catch an International flight without US passport?
Creating my own flight connections
Tipping in the Netherlands
Got a Schengen visa that's too short for my trip, can I stay one more day?
Best time to visit Goa
Is it rude to give up your seat in Japan?
Withdrawing a Schengen visa (business class) application
Are the From and To stations in Indian train tickets only about seating?
How to get a tourist visa for Thailand when already traveling?
Train from Brussels to Bruges
Is 20 minutes of transfer time enough at the Buffalo Greyhound station?
Possibilities to travel from Yerevan to Batumi
Carrying two laptops to India - will I have to pay duty?
Pub quizzes in Bath, UK
Item held by customs until I pay tax; what are my options?
Why did I receive 3 tickets for a single-transfer Greyhound trip?
Is iPad counted as a second Laptop?
Can I carry Whey protein powder to India?
May an airline change the aircraft from the scheduled one?
How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?
How to find hotels filtered by a specific keyword?
Laptop, travel and illegal content
Are there any commercial flights with a view of the Grand Canyon?
Why are so many airline check-in counters idle so often?
How to key in Asian names when making a flight reservation?
Etihad Airways connection in Brisbane to Auckland
Re-applying after a refused visa application
Why is there such a huge difference in refusal rates on Schengen Visa between countries?
If I don't declare a not-yet-used engagement ring at airport security, am I smuggling jewelry?
What food items cannot be brought from China to the USA?
Which European countries don't require a transit visa for Indian citizens travelling to Cuba?
Minimum available passport blank page requirements
Re-entering the US on a valid visa after illegal entry to Canada
How to deal with the fake police scam in Spain?
Visa free transfer possible through Dusseldorf and or Munich?
UK Citizen with a US-based company - I only have an ESTA and I work and train in Houston
To wait or not to wait - regarding a particular Airplane price
What is this North Korean booze?
When is a good time to visit Fethiye (Turkey) to see spring flowers and have good weather?
Why is plane boarding done at the last minute, with everyone suddently queueing at the gate?
What is the cheapest mode of transportation to DCA for a 6AM flight?
Why does it take so long to check in at the airport?
Does easyJet allow a "personal item"?
Are the same planes used for the same flight number the next day?
How far is the sea from Bruges and how easy is it to reach it?
Old Scheveningen beach play structure. What's it called?
Is there any practical reason to mention marital status in the passport?
Experience travelling with small pets in the cabin during transatlantic flights?
Tricky South Africa Visa Situation - study exchange
Overview of upcoming flights from a specific airport?
Grace period after second study period in USA?
Dubai airport transit layover
Cheap way to frequently fly during the weekend to visit friends/family/girlfriend? European City Hopping
British Passenger with less than 2 months valid passport transiting in Dubai and leaving through Abu Dhabi next day
UK train, ticket price for a single journey is the same price as a return ticket?
Two seperate ticket transit via Hong-Kong and more
Can I change my signature in the new passport?
Wheeled backpack with waist strap?
Applying for tax refund in France for an item that have been bought by Frenchman
Can I go back to Singapore on a multiple entry visa that is still valid?
Give baggage to a friend in singapore international airport
Can I take two rings to Canada without paying any fee?
Boarding Point in train
How to get refund on tatkal waitlisted ticket?
Why does the visa for India for ask for the name of my father/husband?
Help with Schengen visa and possible other visas for Indian Citizen (from US) travel
What are the practical implications of a name change for international travel and activities abroad?
Is it inappropriate to record the call to prayer?
Small suitcase with top-loading? Does it exist?
Apply for a new visa when I still have a valid C visa but not enough days of stay?
Are VAT refunds mandatory in the UK / EU?
Chinese Visa to visit Beijing to perform a software training course
Indian passport holder with Canada student visa, want to visit USA as a tourist
In an international airport, is there specific set of laws for the international area?
Canceling points-booked United flight?
Travelling to the UAE and Kuwait on a passport with slightly less than 6 months to go until expiry
Is it possible to use an all-inclusive package as a backpacking base?
Frequent travel between Berlin and London - what benefits/perks can I get?
Staying in Belgium as a Student
Traveling to the USA for 4 months and then South America for 6 months, will they still allow me into America if my return flight a year later?
Can I travel to Kuwait on a employment visa with old passport number?
driving from LA to San Francisco
USA: cellular plans with domestic roaming
My friend used his friend's credit card for flight
Where should I change Swiss Francs to USD to get the best exchange rate?
Is it ok to use a virtual credit card to buy an airplane ticket?
Places to drink (party) at Songnae Korea
Skiing near Katmandu, Nepal
Visiting Kathmandu, stay in Themel or Nagarkot?
Direct flights to USA from countries with Ebola outbreak
Left Luggage Facility in Chennai International Airport (MAA)
Is it possible to manually release an oxygen mask on airplanes?
How to choose a foreigner-friendly bar in Shinjuku Golden Gai
Best way to get from Laguardia to Penn Station at 10:30pm (and back)?
If my Schengen visa starts on the day of arrival which is one day ahead of departure, would they let me get into the plane?
How many jetways are used in Frankfurt to deplane Boeing 747-400
Options to/from from Newark (NJ) airport and Penn Station (NY) at 6pm and 10am
Bag wrapping at airports in USA
Yellowstone in a Day (with Elderly Mother)
Town or village in Oaxaca State that is "the home of mezcal"?
How do custom officers determine if the imported goods of a passenger are old or newly bought?
Do taxis in Frankfurt typically accept credit cards?
In London, it is better to do sight-seeing in the morning or the afternoon?
Any (dis)advantages to homestay in Ealing as opposed to a Zone 2 area in London?
Declare an item is not liable for duty?
Do Lyft or Uber pick up at San Francisco International airport?
Belize visa on arrival from the western border
What countries allow the export of butterflies?
Saint John NB to US Border at St Stephen Calais, Maine by taxi
Schengen visa validity start date
How to travel cheaply between Charleroi Airport and Brussels?
Expedited exit clearance certificate in the Philippines
Very short Schengen visa
Does having visited top countries increases the value of least useful passport?
Will failing to declare a previous visa denial come back to haunt me?
Is three hours enough for an international-domestic transfer at Delhi?
Beijing 72 hours visa question, when travelling to another location and then travel back to europe with another Beijing stopover
Returning plane ticket if delayed in the USA
Are there any roads you can't walk as a pedestrian on in New Zealand?
Can I leave the Schengen with my Type D Multi Entry visa from Spain
Luggage booking system for Indian railways (Duronto Express 2nd AC)
Planning short trip to Mozambique from Swaziland, visa questions
"Lost and Found" by trenitalia?
Why are airlines against the transferring of tickets to other persons?
Why is one's place of birth even mentioned in a passport?
At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets?
How to get from Toronto Downtown to Pearson Airport
VWP travelling for 80 days then going to Canada, can I reenter the US and for how long?
Transit visa requirement for Zurich
Why's it useful for airlines to enforce the “non-changeable” fare?
Visa requirements for Malaysian citizen - train to Thailand, plane to Malaysia
Unable to book e ticket on irctc desptite having login
Can I get off the train or discontinue my journey before reaching the destination station?
Is New Delhi, India, safe to travel to? (Ebola Scare)
Leaving the airport during a long layover
Dress code for tech business training in California
Transit visa for Frankfurt, when traveling on separate tickets
US to Canada and back again 2 weeks before passport expires?
What documentation is needed to register in China with local police when staying with a friend?
What sort of clothing should I pack for a trip to Geneva in late October?
What are the potential hazards of my passport or visa number being made public?
British Airways Fare Basis Code
UK transit visa under processing; change of travel dates?
When entering Australia with an eVisitor visa, do I need a return ticket?
Languages in Bulgaria?
As someone with dual nationality, can I exit my home country (New Zealand) on the passport of another country?
Car rental deposit €730 for 24h in a small car?
Interrail tickets to travel around Europe
How many electronics can I take with me when I travel from USA to the UK
Must drivers stop at zebra crossings / crosswalks in Michigan?
Price quoted on Vayama at booking was increased after ticket confirmation
Will I have to clear customs In Heathrow when traveling from US to Lisbon?
Will I be allowed to leave the air terminal in Tocumen Airport for 2 hours?
Transferring in Copenhagen
OV-chipkaart or GVB day pass for within Amsterdam travel?
Why are plane tickets more expensive if they don't include a weekend?
Why tax free shops in airports do not sell goods to passengers going to domestic flights?
NON-EU spouse of EU citizen at the same time a british citizen
What my options on getting between San Francisco and San Jose?
Is it a good idea to go to the airport and ask for the next cheap flight to anywhere?
Am I eligable for another visa after my Working Holiday Visa expires, if i am employed? (Canadian citizen working in the Netherlands)
Would an Australian travelling to Germany for a week need a visa?
Packable pillow for side-sleepers that actually work?
Which languages to brush up on for Ukraine trip?
Carrying confidential corporate data into US on laptop/Drive/device - how to prevent data theft?
Too fat to fly?
Can I get from Gatwick airport to London by Oyster card?
Belgium, road closure A11?
Is it possible to get an Oyster card refund online?
Best possible seat room
How do I mask my location while traveling so I can use geo blocked services?
Traveling with visa in my old passport
Is it safe to visit Cairo in 2014?
Any cash machine in central London which can dispense £5?
Getting around to transfer in huge airports if you don't know English
US wife visiting me in the UK - what to tell the immigration officer?
Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired? but I have a valid multiple visiting visa for UK
Where to find a reliable weather forecast for mountain region of Nepal
Which visa type do I require for my indirect flights?
Turkish citizen with Canadian temporary residence: Do I need a transit visa?
How to get from Langkawi to Phuket?
What is the duty-free allowance limit when purchasing electronics in Hong Kong?
What are some in-flight features and are there smoking areas in airports?
As a tourist can you purchase a car whilst traveling through Thailand and surrounding countries?
Going to Mustang Oklahoma, what is there to do? Spending money?
Travel Macau and back to China with single-entry Chinese visa
Is a UK company granted a duty free allowance?
In which country do you pay tax and duty when travelling through multiple countries?
What I need to know when going to typical (traditional) wedding ceremony in Philippines?
Recent restrictions traveling to Morocco due to Ebola
Precautions and Customs to observe when traveling in Morocco
Changing a flight from a layover to a stopover
Why do airlines prohibit telephone calls on planes with mobile data and Wi-Fi capabilities, yet provide an onboard telephone service?
What to do when no search engine can find a connection that clearly exists
Are women required to wear skirts to get into some tourist sites?
How well accepted is the Euro in Gibraltar?
What are the rules for changing after swimming in appartment complex pool in US
How can I track my visa application through VFS when the status shown hasn't updated for ten days and I've not had an SMS recently?
Will my operator-dependent phone work in another country's operator if it is the same company?
Safest driving route from Dunedin to Queenstown, NZ
Getting from Fort Collins to Denver Amtrak
How can I get an affordable, temporary mobile plan when I travel to the United States?
Will getting refused on a Diversity Visa application complicate my future entries to the United States?
Is a passport needed when flying within Mexico as a U.S permanent resident?
Greyhound Canada - How do I book bus tickets online for passengers with multiple discounts?
How many types of Pound Sterling are there and what is the relationship between them?
Transit through Singapore on a new Russian passport
Sources of Authenticated Official information about carrying camping gas canisters on UK public transport
Driving non-GB registered car inside Low Emission Zone
Can my brother photograph my wedding as a tourist?
UK Standard Visitor Visa refusal due to mismatching bank statement. What are my options?
2-hour parking in the US
Is ID needed from Sweden to Spain?
Is the price per person affected by searching a flight for more than one person?
Are there any advantages to selecting the middle seat in an airplane?
How to determine if I'll be switching planes during a layover?
What section of the US Embassy issues Visas and how do I address them in a formal letter?
Can I discard part of a multi-city (not layover) ticket?
Fake work permit and deportation
May UK and US citizens visit Santiago de Chile during a layover, without payment?
How do I travel to the USA with my dog (from Europe)?
Indian Passport stolen in France. Can Indian embassy in Austria issue a new passport?
Can I buy a suitcase at LAX airport (Los Angeles)?
How can I re-enter the US after time in Canada on the VWP?
How to get from Negros/Cebu to El Nido, Palawan?
How flexible are US car rental companies with pickup/drop off times?
Can a business visa be used for tourism in schengen states
When using rail passes in Germany, can I use it in "urban trains" as well? (U-bahn, S-bahn)
Diabolo Fee-Brussels
What age do I have to be to visit New York City's Times Square Ball Drop?
Lost baggage, airline doesn't do anything
Do I have to collect my luggage when transiting through Moscow?
Do I need a 4x4 to reach must-see places on Maui?
Airline broke my bag but require a receipt to compensate from authorized company
Why are passports checked at the check-in counter, Immigration and even at the gate?
Is there a way to make USPS discard Standard Postage mail?
Can I visit relatives in the US on a B1/B2 visa?
Do citizens of Switzerland need a visa to travel to Argentina?
How can I find out when cruise ships (of any line) visit a particular port?
Does my son need a visa to travel in and out of Italy while on a study abroad trip?
Cost of UK visa in Netherlands for a South African citizen?
Speeding tickets in the US (CA, AZ, NV)
Canada's Transit Visa - Do I need to send off my passport?
Next best alternative to travel? Virtual travel?
I want to take a bus from Dusseldorf Airport to NH Hotel City Centre - please tell me what would be the bus number
Accurate hiking maps of Austria
Is It safe around Old Market area in Bristol?
Can I visit other GCC countries if I hold a valid visa for one of them?
Canadian citizen traveling to USA and what other documents besides passport are required?
Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP?
Where can I exchange a Faroese crown bank note?
I have a US B-1 visa and am planning to transit via Seattle to go to India from Canada
Brussels to Les Arcs for skiing, other than by car?
How to find a truck mechanic while traveling in New Zealand
Finding job on Visit visa
Is it possible to bring electronics as gift from US to Bangladesh?
Cheapest (and hopefully fastest) option for family to transfer from CDG to ORY
How do I get an invitation to enter Kosovo?
How do I book a one-way rail ticket from Tokyo to Toyota City?
Can a Canadian citizen go to Berlin on a one-way ticket?
Is a holder of a German unlimited residence permit allowed to work in the UK?
Change of name on passports and re-entry to the UK
Europe working holiday for an Australian
Is there a list of US Airports with the kiosks for ESTA arrivals?
Dual citizen entering EU with foreign passport
Is 3 hours enough connecting time in New Delhi Indira Gandhi (T1 to T3)?
Where is this sculpture of the ten commandments from?
Travel times during peak hours in Los Angeles
American overstay in Germany
Do I need a transit visa for waiting 23 hours in Dubai airport?
How far can you realistically travel across potentially rough water in an inflatable dinghy?
Cross border Canada to USA to trigger work visa
Is there a travel site for Belgium that can search all bus operators, but exclude trains?
Does the new Doha Hamad International still offer "alcoholic left luggage", and how does it work?
toll cost for my trip
Are Pakistani nationals restricted to entering India through four airports only?
Fares and timings for boating in Kanyakumari
Working in Europe on Schengen Tourist Visa
Any travel site for medium/long distance multimodal comparison? (Train then plane etc.)
Must a Canadian citizen enter Canada on a Canadian passport?
Will a new immigrant be allowed entry in the USA if he hasn't yet payed the USCIS Immigrant Fee?
Applying for a visa in a country other than my own
Where are the natural hot springs in Andalucia?
Travelling with two passports, layover in Istanbul
At what time of day does US visa expire?
How safe are the ferries in Indonesia?
Internship in Switzerland after French student visa
If a passenger damages another passenger's property (accidentally) on a flight, who is responsible?
Claim for Lost and then found baggage
How can I bring a broken tablet on an airplane to the US?
Why police didn't even block me once at the airport arrivals?
Applying for a B2 visa after previous overstay as a child?
Duty on electronics when arriving to Argentina
Schengen Visa from UK for an Indian working in UK on Tier2 ICT visa
South African Citizen, Applying for a Schengen visa while in London
Going back to USA after staying there for 3 months recently, problems?
What kind of masks are the British border control officers wearing at the Gibraltar Border?
90 Day Visa Question for ESTA
How to get rid of Argentinian Peso before leaving the country?
Schengen visa for 10 days in Malta from 20 December to 4 January 2015
What's the best way to signal that I'd prefer to be served in English?
Nordic countries, Sweden and Norway, similar top buildings colors
What sim-card should I get in Ukraine, if I only plan to use it for mobile Internet?
Drive in China with Chinese driver but foreign (own) car?
What will be open during Christmas in Bergen?
Schengen visa query-place of issue
Ground on "type E" plug adapter
Where can I make complex queries for airplane tickets?
Why do I need to buy a ticket to get into the secure half of a US airport?
Validity of Schengen visa
Must one always have one's passport when using NEXUS?
Surname difference in Passport & Visa
Lost indian passport with Austrian schengen visa, How to continue travelling?
Is a leather jacket + layers good enough for an European winter? (Back packing)
Flybe just cancelled my return flight. Will they refund that part of the trip?
Changing money for Ethiopia. Where can I get the best rates?
Travel visa for Mozambique for Canadian and UK citizens?
Luggage Locker in Brussels
Travel from Amsterdam City Centre to Efteling Amusement park and other information
Is there a Macgyver-esque way to charge rechargeable batteries?
Beaches near Amsterdam
I have a 16 hour layover in Heathrow London
Going to India from US to work at a non-profit, Can I bring 10 laptops as a mobile training lab?
Get to Schiphol early in the day/sleep at airport?
Australian passport processing time overseas
Buying a SIM card on arrival in Amsterdam
Driving in the US but lost UK paper licence
Which American City is this?
Can I drive a van in Australia on my UK full driving licence?
Family visitor visa refused, should I apply for dependent visa?
About Dubai, hotel as an unmarried couple but with a twist
Trip to the Everglades National Park
What is the best way to go to Pudong Airport from downtown Shanghai at night?
Difference of changing USD currency for going to US versus somewhere else
How can I find historical flight delay data?
How bad is Puerto Rico for hurricanes in June?
How do you know if Americans genuinely/literally mean what they say?
Will I pass through airport security screening wearing trousers and a jacket with metal zippers/buttons
Tourist Visa (30 days) Dubai valid until date
Can a Kashmir citizen get a visa for america?
Customs and baggage when transferring in Schengen and going outside
Do F-1 students need a visa to visit Paris and Amsterdam during layovers?
Travelling with research equipment
How to register Russian tourist visa while on the Trans-Mongolian railway?
Action against GoAir airline
What to do when creeped out by Charlie Chaplin on Westminster Bridge?
Japanese food "best before" codes
Can you use an Ergo baby on a Singapore Airlines flight?
Can I get the Cuba tourist card from Aeroflot or at Havana?
Catalan or Spanish in Barcelona?
How to get a visa reissued in France after having lost my passport?
Transiting Brussels, after having lost your passport in the USA
Ukrainian biometric passports
International student and airport security - what should one expect?
Madurai to Germany via Dubai - SpiceJet
Does a Japanese citizen need a visa for European Countries?
Driving from Kampala to Lusaka in my own car
Driving from Tahsis to Zeballos (Vancouver Island)
Would the same name, different person 'trick' actually work with international travel?
Do airline pricing systems use "tickles" as data?
Cancelling a Schengen Visa via the Italian Consulate
How to start traveling the world by bicycle?
Overweight baggage policy in Qatar Airways?
Roadtrip coast to coast in the USA, let someone else drive car back
Applying for eVisitor visa after WHV
Flight + hotel deal on expedia, can I use other flight tickets without any consequences?
Does AirBaltic require you to print boarding pass before arriving at airport to avoid extra costs?
Can I rent a manual transmission car in the UK with a Canadian driving license?
Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)
How to go boating on Pichavaram lake?
Flight ticket reimbursement after Travel Warning
How can we find out where there will be snow in Europe in December?
Mattresses are too soft: how can I get a better night's sleep in a hotel?
Blackberry Q10 SIM card in New Zealand
Going from Frankfurt Airport to Mainz by train - DBahn Strike?
If I leave through Hyder, will Canada know I've left?
How do I search for connecting point-to-point flights?
United Airlines' online check-in procedure : "stay" or "transit" for one night?
Is there a "safest" route through Pakistan (from China to Iran)?
Personal import of precooked bacon into Germany from USA
Is an Oyster card worth it for 3 days?
Road Conditions on drive from Washington, DC to Quebec City over Christmas
What do M, D and L5 mean at the end of a line in an Amadeus Itinerary Element description?
Travel insurance for elderly visitor from Georgia to UK
Skipping the final leg in a multi-stop flight, will there be any immigration problems?
Indian citizens holding J 1 visa travelling on cruise to Bahamas
Can I travel within the US with an expired visa?
USA F1 visa renewal before expiry
Teletext Subtitles on Romanian Television
Is a Budapest "transfer ticket" valid for Bus then Metro then Tram?
How do you use a Budapest 5/30 travelcard?
How late do the 200E bus and Metro 3 run from Budapest airport into the city?
Transfer time San Francisco coming from Canada onward to Maui
How can I properly use a step-down transformer with 220V/240V options on a 230V line (Australia)?
Which are safe and unsafe regions in Iran?
Road numbers' colors/shapes in Google Maps
Can I transport a ham from Spain to Guatemala via USA?
Free view of the Sydney CBD
Can I collect post at / near Heathrow airport (on a Saturday)?
Air Travel with an Electric Arc Lighter
Getting from Heathrow to Balham with heavy luggage (mid morning sunday 14 December)
Is there an ontology of geographical entities to visit?
Independent contracting around the world
Changing planes at Newark Airport
Which parts of Southern Thailand are safe from violence?
Which countries in Southeast Asia require travel insurance proof?
Booking.com: can multiple people manage one booking?
UK Family Visa Refused, how long till I reapply?
Airplane ticket booked under my middle name
Qatar - Doha - Lounge Options
Time needed for transfer in Newark (US airport), domestic to international
Do I need UK Transit Visa from India to USA with valid US Visa
I am applying for a Tier 5 Youth Mobility visa, but have been refused a visa/overstayed in the Czech Republic/Schengen zone
Transfer of driving penalty from USA to UK license - does this happen?
Luggage Transfer From Karachi to Brunei
Are Lufthansa rebooking fees per leg, per flight, or per ticket?
Is there a way to get from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport?
Entering the USA by land border
If I've visited Crimea, what country do I list on my customs declaration form?
Booking a return flight, but from a different place
Absolute cheapest transport from Malaysia to Singapore with e-ticket that can be bought online from overseas?
How do I book accommodation without knowing the check-out date?
Dubai immigration problem
Is it safe to travel in Gabon?
Is it safe to travel through Congo-Brazzaville?
May I re-enter UK on a marriage visa that is about to expire?
Utili-key "knife" and airport inspection?
What visa do I need to apply for going to Spain?
Does anyone have experience taking a kombi from Johannesburg to Mbabane?
UK Visa Status check
Repeated close visits on US Visa Waiver Programme
Train from Belgrade to Bucharest
Travel to Cuba as Dual Citizen (Dutch born-Dutch/US Citizen)
Traveling with computer parts and expensive monitor to Dublin
Long stay visa for study in France but enter Italy first?
Does American Airlines ask passengers to present credit cards during check-in?
Is my luggage automatically transferred from British Airways to Aer Lingus (Brussels>LHR>Cork)?
Free wifi situation in Italy
Does my boarding port to the Schengen Area need to be in the country in which I recieved my Schengen visa?
Can I register more than one ID document for a flight ticket?
Traveling from Paris to Düsseldorf
What does the expression 'Prepayment' mean in hotel booking terms?
Taking an air-gun in my checked luggage - will I have any problems in India going through customs?
B1/B2 Visa - Additional information requested
How far can one go from Addis Ababa without needing prevention medication for Malaria?
Transit by road through Kenya
Is it recommended to hire a car in northern Thailand? From whom?
Is Iran safe to visit?
Apply for F1 from home country after B1 extension
On budget travel from Orlando Florida to Lake Charles LA
Best OneWorld lounge for a shower at London Heathrow Terminal 3 (LHR)?
Leave the airport during a connection in Japan?
Getting a Tourist visa after a Student visa
Snow fall this Christmas near Hong Kong?
How bad is it to overstay my Schengen visa by 6 days?
Kuwait Travel visa
Schengen visa to study in Germany refused
Is there any specific destination in Southeast Asia famed for dentistry?
Do I require a UK transit visa when travelling home from the US more than 6 months after last entering the US?
How many visas will this itinerary require?
Schengen Visa exipres a day before departure. Do I need to re-apply for visa?
No surname in my passport
Do you need driving license when renting scooter in Malaysia/Thailand?
If there are no planes flying into Nancy, can I schedule my own connecting flight from Strasbourg? Or anywhere for that matter?
Applying for a long-stay visa after having a Schengen visa refused
One day trip to London for a South-African citizen
Quick way to exit King's Cross tube station?
Which are the non Schengen countries that allow entry for Schengen visa holders?
Chances of receiving 2nd H1-B visa after quitting 1st H1-B job
UK General visitor visa refusal!
Daughter requires a transit visa through India
What to do in Grand Canyon during Christmas to New Year's?
From Italy to Austria during winter, by car
Does the UK have any constraint on work permit for previous Chinese work permit holders?
UK Standard Visitor Visa refusal for lack of ties - how to reapply?
Do I need transit visa to visit Zurich if I have a valid F-1 visa?
Travelling to Tunisia from Manchester airport connecting in Frankfurt
Can we travel from Japan to USA with Indian US visa?
Websites for finding travel friends (with most members)?
Do I require a South African transit visa?
What is the weather usually like in November in Palawan, Philippines?
Name on RyanAir ticket abbreviated in passport
Using a multiple-entry business Schengen visa for tourism
How can a visa refusal affect my future travel plans?
Where might I find the best rates to exchange money in Glasgow?
How can I return to England as a British citizen with a Philippine passport?
Cancelled uk visa at the point of entry (with Removal form IS82C)
Things that can be seen on Hoover Dam on Dec 25
Item for removing stuff from headphone jack on a plane?
Travel to Ireland and the UK 3 weeks before passport expiration
Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? Part 2
What is the difference between folio and invoice in hotel management?
Trekking near Addis Ababa, where can one do it?
Is it possible to get a visa on arrival at the airport in Freetown, Sierra Leone?
Where can I find tickets from Stockholm to Cape Verde?
Re-entering Israel as a tourist after student visa expires?
U.K. visa refused: will this be any problem for U.S. visa?
Why do some hotels in Mexico charge more when there's a child?
Carrying two iPads (and other electronics) to India from USA
Map of ViaRail train stations in Canada
Why are no upgrades with miles available on United?
How much of the original 'Lunatic Express' rail system in Africa is still active?
Depart US through Mexico while on B1/B2 Visitor visa - how US will know I did not overstay?
Getting from Lençóis to Morro de São Paulo
How do I get from Manchester Airport to Old Trafford?
City in Peninsular Malaysia to immerse in Malay language?
Is ITR mandatory for US Visa for an Indian resident?
Do I need transit visa for travelling from India to Spain via Brussels with Spanish re-entry permit
I saw a lakeside castle or hotel from the air, north of Newark. What is it?
Visiting software development companies in LA area/Silicon Valley
Places in US cities to sleep/kill time after a redeye?
Zippered travel sheets that open flat with a pillow insert that are machine-washable?
TSA approved keycard luggage locks that shows if it's been opened?
When applying for an Indian Passport, how do I know if I'm in the ECR or non-ECR category?
How can I see currency exchange rates?
Checking returning flights when travelling from Mexico
Which are my options to find trip companions online?
How should you drive on rush-hour lanes ("Spitsstrook") in the Netherlands if they are open?
Vehicles required/allowed in weigh stations on US interstates
Second Schengen visa application refused within two days
What exactly does "nights" means when you book? Is it number of night you are going to sleep, or simply days you are going to stay?
Myanmar : Malaria pills for february/march
Good way to avoid bus luggage stress?
Do I need a Schengen Visa if I have Entry Clearance to the UK under Tier 2
Is notarized consent letter from father is mandatory for mother to accompanying infant while traveling out side USA?
Booking a bus in Japan to catch early morning flights at Narita airport
TWIC holders skipping interview?
When booking elsewhere, how do you know what Virgin Australia ticket type you will get?
Can I walk from Las Vegas McCarran Airport to UNLV?
Winter trekking in High Tatra, what about accommodation?
What is the cheapest way to get to Laos / Thailand from the UK?
Difference between "visa not required" and "visa on arrival"?
Midnight check-in: Hostel in Paris
How should an American citizen licensed to go to Cuba bring money?
Indian citizen transiting in Dubai, is a transit visa required?
When travelling do I have to keep the passport with me all the time?
Can I legally drive a motorcycle in California with a New Zealand motorcycle license?
Can I simply bubble wrap a cardboard box and check it on a US domestic flight?
In what countries are tea towels available as souvenirs?
Flights - Direct in one direction, but with at least 1 stopover on the other?
Emirates International Flight and carry-on baggage. Can I take a laptop backpack in addition to the one carry-on bag?
What's the best way to get sleep on a train in a sitting compartment?
How much money do I need when applying for a Greek visa?
Proof of financial support for UK family visa
Difference between air fare for same route
How to upgrade my Icelandair ticket?
Bus from Monteverde to Liberia, Costa Rica
Can I transit to Madrid on my single entry Schengen Visa?
Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight?
Tourist Visa for Italy for Canadians
Visiting countries during pregnancy
First time to Europe, can I transfer in Germany to Copenhagen with a Denmark type D visa?
Entering the US on a tourist visa after expiration of E3D
What documents are required when travelling to the US under a B1/B2 visa?
HK: May I stay in the transit area to get the earliest airport ferry to Macao on the day after arrival?
Hard-case suitcase, that doesn't open at the side
Amadeus GDS itinerary code - what do 050 and 010 codes mean?
Changing clothes in Kochi
Accessing Group Fare Concessions
How the US verifies person's citizeship given that US passports are optional?
In the US, what is the difference between a national park and a national monument?
How to reach Goa from Delhi without any money
Connecting flight through Dubai with an Israeli/Jewish name
Can you transit through Dubai airport when holding an Israeli passport?
PR of Canada travelling to Cincinnati, layover at Detroit on a B1/B2 visa
If I have an ESTA approved for transit, can I visit a second time as a tourist?
Ride-share or alternate means of getting from Dunedin to Queenstown?
Why is Uber in Rome more expensive than a regular taxi?
Fastest way to get from Frankfurt to Karlsruhe
Kenyan citizen refused Schengen visa from Sweden
Barbecuing in a public park in Athens
Do I need a transit visa travelling from London via Canada to the Dominican Republic?
Quality travel clothesline that is easy to hook on shower stalls?
How to best respond to a request to send a passport scan by unsecured email?
How predictable is the weather in Kuala Lumpur in the rainy season?
Can an Australian obtain a visa to enter Pakistan by land border while already overseas?
How to get to Debre Libanos in Ethiopia? What are the possible dangers?
Is there a resource that compares travel insurances?
Manchester, UK Airport time to get through security
Affordable taxi service from BUF Airport to Niagara Falls on the Canadian side
Duty exemption for non-resident aliens
Eating cat meat as a tourist in Switzerland
How do I cross US-Canada border while my (US) passport is being renewed?
Would uncooked bacon go bad in a transatlantic flight?
Traveling with paintball-related equipment internationally
UK visa decision advice?
What is the average & max temperature of an airplane cargo hold?
Which electrical plugs are used in Thailand?
Visa approved but unable to use due to loan problems
In which countries Electronic items purchased from India can be used without any voltage converter and vice versa?
Is the road from Delhi to Nepal Safe?
Can I stay longer than my visa states?
Do airlines have to check the visa status before selling a ticket?
Applying UK Citizenship from Northern Cyprus
How many hours will it take to drive from Manhattan to Toronto on this "Black Friday" weekend?
UK Visa Refusal: Provenance of funds/parking
When the Edinburgh tram isn't running, is there an official alternative from the airport?
Getting medicine from the UK for a UK/US dual citizen living in the US
International transit through Istanbul, and passport validity
Returning to UK on the same Business visitor visa
How long does it take the UK embassy to grant tourist visa?
Tours of Taiwanese elections for English-speakers
Insurance against flight with a bad record of delays?
Returning to the US after a 90-day VWP stay
Where can I try Chitty cuisine in Malacca?
Central districts in London?
Travel with a passport and a US travel document
Facebook datacenter location
What is the best passport for traveling?
Ferries in January in the Azores
Amadeus GDS itinerary code - What does the code 908 17, 40 , 2 mean?
Will it be a problem for a Russian citizen to apply for a US non-immigrant visa in Beijing while illegally employed in China?
Travel to Australia buy or rent surfboard
Length of stay as tourist in another European country, as Schengen/EU/EEA citizen
What's the best way to find cheap flight tickets from any place from a set of places to any place in another set of places?
Time of checkout and payment at hotels
I am an American with a US passport.I have a 15 hour layover in Paris.
What are "Signal Failures" on The Tube and why do they happen so often?
Non-owner car liability insurance companies in the US
Mobile phones must be turned off while the plane is being refueled?
Can TSA open regular suitcase combination locks? How?
Buying a second hand Fujinon lens in Osaka
Travel time from Heathrow to King's Cross
International connecting flight in Frankfurt, operated by different airline
A website that would find me a train from Basel (Switzerland) to any city, and then to Berlin for the lowest cost
Purpose of the 'Witches' Hats' on the A13 in London
We are having a stop over for a little less than 24hours in Mumbai, do we need a visa?
Airline and Travel Agent disagree on baggage allowance, who do I need to resolve it with?
Arranging temporary childcare during a conference in an unfamiliar city
Why my U.S. B1 Visa got refused under 214 (b)?
Indian Passport first page ripped - is this considered 'damaged'?
Souvenir shops at Heydar Aliyev (Baku) airport?
Forex - Zloty to Euro in UK?
Which routes are possible from anywhere on peninsular Southeast Asia to The Philippines without flying?
Where can I buy egg and chips near Glasgow Central?
Give Delta voucher to another person
Is a transit visa necessary for UK?
Cards, dices, poker chips, board games, etc. in Thailand
What happens if a tourist needs a medical surgery in U.S.?
What's a better way to find flights when cost is important and schedule is not?
Budget ways of getting from Madrid to Portugal
If you're evacuated on a flight paid for by your government (eg civil unrest, volcanic ash delays), are you ever entitled to the frequent flyer miles?
Transit visa for Paris or Amsterdam
Amtrak train rerouted through final destination of intermodal itinerary -- is there any way to avoid backtracking?
When, if ever, is the visitor center on Santa Cruz Island (Channel Islands National Park) open? Is there a ranger present?
How am I able to smoke at Heathrow during a 13-hour layover as a South African citizen? Can I exit passport control?
Valid US visa on expired passport. Can I travel to the US?
Can I bring meat pies in my checked-in bags?
Can anyone say what will be the procedure need for visiting visa to come to UK for my cousin?
Can you climb the Sydney Harbour Bridge for free?
Exchanging Euro to CZK in Prague
Can I get citizenship and passport while in the EU without expiring visa?
Can I have the final leg of a multi-city flight refunded?
Can I have multiple valid ESTAs in different passports?
I wasn't allowed to travel internationally because of Transit Visa. Is it a legit reason for not using my tickets?
Should I use a possibly invalid Schengen visa for France?
How accurate is Google Maps for travel times?
I have a US visa, a Canadian transit visa and an Indian passport. Do I need a DATV to fly through Heathrow?
Ebola - can I enter Indonesia after being an aid worker in Sierrra Leone?
Can I check-in a 203 cm suitcase on a flight that starts with Japan Airlines and ends with Air France?
Can you use vapes/e-cigs in Seattle airport or on a flight?
Whats the size limit of a person to be able to fly on a specific flight?
How can you buy tourist souvenirs for non-tourist prices?
Can a US citizen leave the airport briefly while transiting through Zurich?
Traveling to Brazil on different passports
Japanese homestay gifts?
How to find public trashcans in Japan?
Can one take wooden toys to Australia?
Boliviana de Aviacion (BOA) tariff codes
Is leaving the USA for the British Virgin Islands considered as returning home for a British citizen?
Driving from El Calafate to Torres del Paine National Park and back?
Is Morocco dangerous, in particular for a Jewish American?
Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia?
I was a refused a UK DATV visa. How should I proceed?
Schengen Visa for both business and tourism
Query regarding pooled quota waiting list ticket on Indian Railways
What tiny critters are likely to bite feet in the Red Sea at Aqaba?
Good places to visit Dead Sea on the Israeli side
Staying in Europe (Schengen and non-Schengen) for one year
How to get from Macau to Hong Kong airport for an early morning flight
Late Night Ground Transportation from El Calafate to Puerto Natales / Torres del Paine
Attending an academic conference is what type of travel?
As a US passport holder, can I exit the airport during a layover in the Schengen area?
Delhi, Beijing or Japan for sightseeing in May with a teenage daughter?
Flying with toner within the EU
Can you do a phone call or telconf through Skype or Google Plus when traveling on the ICE in Germany?
At which embassy should I apply for a Schengen visa when staying a few days in several countries?
Visited countries map with different map projections
As a tourist in Doha, what are the rules on drinking alcohol in hotels?
Are there (cheap) boat trips / water taxis / water buses across the Corniche bay in Doha?
Where in Doha can I learn about Qatar's history and culture, while the National Museum is closed?
Do I need to clear Customs and Immigration at LHR flying Istanbul>Heathrow>Washington, D.C.>Orlando, FL on different airlines?
Is it currently safe to travel to and live in Kyiv, Ukraine?
Can I use an expired passport to go home to get my passport renewed?
Best way to obtain Canadian Dollars traveling from the US
"No nudity" signs in changing rooms in Doha?
German Visa Refusal
How long does it take to obtain a US visa for a British citizen?
Closures over Christmas in Hong Kong/Macau?
Day trips from Addis Ababa with public transport. Is it possible?
Is there anywhere in Doha to see modern Arabic/Islamic art?
Cheap way of flying from mainland Europe to the Faroe Islands?
How long can you wait/hang out at the Oakland airport lobby?
Which countries suffix their currency and how much is this stuck to?
Where can you rent an RV like a car in the USA?
City in which Norwegian Santa lives
What visa does my wife need to travel to the UK with me, if I'm going there on a business visa?
Going back to Russia with another passport (maybe)
Can I travel to France with my wife who does not have a visa?
Why are there two security checks in Cairo airport?
Can a citizen of the Philippines, widow of a German national, holding a residency card travel to the US without a visa?
Travelling from Leipzig to Strasbourg
Best way to spend 36 hours in Dresden
Refused a Schengen visa
Is there anywhere at Melbourne Airport to buy a Myki?
Historic flight altitude data?
What is the advantage / reason for many trams being high floored and non-accessible?
What happens if the visa label page gets torn from passport?
Which photo type I should select in a photo booth for a Schengen Visa?
Australian Tourist visa - apply from India and travel from USA
Can I, being under 21, hire a car in California?
Traveling to Amish country
Can I reenter the US on ESTA after my J-1 has expired?
Does an Indian citizen with a tourist visa have to report to South Korean immigration center after arrival?
Exchange old Samoan currency outside of Samoa
What percentage of train connections from Brussels airport do run during national strikes?
How fast after the end of a strike does the Belgium railways return to a more or less reliable schedule?
My aunt made it to the airport 97 minutes before take-off and Emirates wouldn't check her in
Is there a way to spend a night at Paris CDG airport?
Which part of a cruise ship offers the least movement?
How big can a "personal item" be on an Asiana flight
Visiting the housing projects in New York City?
Can I travel visa free to Schengen countries with Romanian residence permit?
Lost my passport and Schengen visa in Spain
US Citizen: 90/180 Schengen Stay & Bilateral Agreements w/Poland, Denmark, etc
How can I withdraw my money with a VISA debit card with lower fees in Germany?
Washington, D.C., or just Washington?
US B2 Visa Depature Date - flight just after midnight, entry period ends the day before
Castle on my wallpaper - where is it?
What is the cheapest public transport option to get from Paris to Nicosia?
Where can I sell Albanian currency
Clarification on UK Visitor Rules Paragraph 41 and the Schengen cooling off period
Tourist Visa B1/B2
Do I need a transit visa In Casablanca Airport?
May I take a parcel as my "personal item"?
ESTA Transiting first, then entering the US
Travelling to Peru, should I include Brazil in my trip?
Are mixed classes possible on a single ticket for a single passenger?
How close to departure can you add extra bags online to a Virgin Australia booking?
What caveats and hitches about airline seats should a flyer beware of?
What to do at the Amsterdam Schiphol Airport during a long transit?
What kind of things can you take from a hotel?
Importing home-baked cake into the EU
When is the peak travel time during Chinese New Year?
Way to get Vaccines for travelling to India in New York
"Airport-friendly" suspenders (braces) with AIT
Transit visa required in Paris, France?
Is travelling through all central Asian countries (Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan) possible only with transit visas?
Can I get Argentina Tourist Visa in Thailand if I am Nepalese passport holder?
Can I buy a vignette for Hungary (Matrica) online?
Bringing home-dried vegetables into the USA
Re-entering the US from Mexico
How do you weigh luggage ?
What happens if my luggage goes over the weight limit?
Can I travel to Hungary after being deported from UK?
How can I add Malaysia Flight details to my British Airways Executive club?
Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR(UK)?
Bringing extra alcohol back to the US: what will it cost?
How to pick the (phony) return destination for a roundtrip ticket intended as a one-way?
Cheap and convenient way to travel with kids around US
How to search for (cheap) flights, for flexible travel dates within 1 week or more?
How can I find out if I'm wanted in Turkey?
What is the cheapest way to travel from North to South island in New Zealand?
Is tap water drinkable in Massachusetts (and elsewhere in USA)?
Is there a weight limit for carry-on luggage with United Airlines?
Is it possible to get from Canada to Greenland by road or ferry?
Crossing from USA to Canada (or vice versa) by car, without going through a standard border control
Traveling by own car from USA to Panama
What's the limit of liquids allowed in your purse while flying with United Airlines?
Driving in North and South Carolina with an Indian driving licence?
Schengen: Visa Fee (EU Spouse)
What are the rules for taking electronics and other expensive gifts from the USA to the EU?
What are the options for a prepaid SIM card in Australia?
Currency exchange besides banks in Nakhon Pathom, Thailand?
Online resource for finding co-working space while traveling
Is a transit visa required for an Indian in a connecting flight via USA coming from Toronto?
Online resource for finding cafes/wifi hotspots for working while traveling
Can I apply for a UK or any EU country visa after removal?
Is there a risk of contracting Ebola on a ferry ride from Spain to Morocco?
J1 grace period ends 3 days before I leave. How to proceed?
As an Israeli with dual EU citizenship, which passport to use to go to Jordan?
Can I put 3.4oz (100ml) of liquid in a larger bottle, when traveling in the US?
Do I have to carry snow chains in Europe?
In which European countries do I have to have a country indicator on my car?
Website to arrange rides with trucks
Can we get full refund on cancellation of ticket if embassy closed down?
What are the easiest countries in the EU for getting a bank account?
In USA, are police not allowed to follow a car to the next state?
How to get a bank account in UK (without proof of address)?
Winter tyres in France, Germany, and Switzerland
How much time do I have to go to my visa issuing country?
The most pleasant cities to stay in Ireland, other than Dublin?
Which country could I live the longest at with only $10,000 starting cash and no income?
Are airport security and check-in times from the US applicable to Australia and New Zealand?
Exchange student traveling in and out of the US on student visa
Are there any hostels in Dubai?
No exit stamp on leaving Schengen area from Budapest to UK
Finding typical exchange rate "spreads" for currency A and currency B in country B?
Is 80 minutes enough to transit from International to Domestic in SCL?
B1/B2 visa approved for exam. Can I go for tourism as the first trip?
Disabled access at San Francisco international airport?
How to carry cologne bottles in hand luggage and prevent losses?
Is there a list of words or themes that will get you thrown off a plane in the US?
Travel in Schengen after Swedish Temporary Residence Permit has expired
Why was I served an ice cold towel onboard?
Is there a way to check if the Balkan Mountains passes are open?
Schengen Visa Expiration
What to do in Haneda, Tokyo for both a night and day 13+ hour layover
Visa rules regarding travel back to the UK with wife I married abroad
Where can I swim with the dolphins in the Eastern USA?
Entering USA under VWP for 3 weeks and continuing to CAN for a 3-month stay?
The safest, cheapest way to get to MEX airport from UNAM
Applying for German Schengen visa for several years' duration
Can I use my national ID card when traveling to Iceland?
What's the drinking age in the duty free area?
Am I allowed in the gas station shop without buying anything when waiting for my bus, in Canada?
Travelling to Japan from Korea on a UK passport
Leaving USA and returning while on a 6 month visa
Appropiate way to safely transportate heavy laptop during flight?
Can you pass the customs/passport control if you are drunk?
Are there buses from the Sunshine Coast (Coolum / Maroochydore) to Brisbane airport?
Are there toilets on the long-distance Translink trains in Queensland?
How do I check-in for a flight using an e-ticket?
Flight cancelled but doesn't show up on status
What do high-end all-inclusive resorts in Mexico dilute spirits & wine with (besides water)?
Incorrectly spelled name on international flight ticket
Tax refund flying out of California?
Is camera equipment and bags in general allowed on NYC Observation Decks?
Driving out of Sydney on Hume Highway (Canberra/Melbourne) before Christmas Eve
Has anyone ever used the Mega Bus?
After adding another bag to a Virgin Australia booking, should you get some sort of e-receipt?
SpiceJet flight Goa to Hyderabad cancelled but no refund
Safest way to transport a laptop during flight
Transit visa from Amsterdam with Caribbean visa
Is there an "on demand" bike hire scheme in Oxford?
Are dogs permitted on trains in Netherlands?
Is Amsterdam a dog friendly city?
Do I need a transit visa to travel to USA from India, if I already have a F1 visa?
Do I need visa for UK visit if I have a work permit for Ireland?
Are tennis rackets allowed in airplane cabins in the US?
How do I rent a small bus in Buenos Aires?
Flight diversion + visa issues
What is Pension Day and Family Payment Day in Australia?
In the Grenadines, how could you get scuba tanks for diving if already on a boat?
Is a bullet train from Tokyo to Mount Fuji feasible in a 15 hour layover?
Are there "turn up and board" shuttle buses from Cairns airport to the city, or do you always have to pre-book?
Is there a lounge in the International side of Cairns airport?
Can US citizens go to Cuba freely and vice versa after the recent diplomatic relation restoration?
What are the options to maintain a backup phone while travelling in the US?
Statistics about flights arriving behind schedule?
What documents should I take with me to the airport, if I booked my ticket online?
Do any States in the US give traffic tickets for 5 mph above the speed limit?
Paris and Riviera - July/August 2015 By Train
Can I hike the Fox Glacier in NZ on my own, or do I have to go with a guide?
Transiting Amsterdam with single entry Schengen visa for Norway?
Does an Irish citizen need a visa for a week's tourist visit to America?
2 days overdue schengen visa
International Driving Permit issued in India, is valid in US or not?
Waiting before passport control in Düsseldorf airport
The boys of the NYPD choir, singing Galway Bay?
Short-term luggage storage in Alpe d'Huez
Cheapest way to get from Athens to Hydra by ferry
I entered with one passport but am trying to leave with another
Best way to travel from Palenque to Mexico city by road
Can immigration/passport officers check for past flight information of a passenger?
How to update your yellow International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis (ICVP) booklet?
If you're speeding by 20, why's it less hassle to ticket for 10 or 15?
Do I need a transit visa at Istanbul Airport to visit the city?
Is there a budget accommodation in Vientiane, Laos with kitchen?
As an Indian citizen travelling to Portugal, should I book my plane tickets or apply for my Schengen visa first?
UK visitor and work visa
Can I carry a bike on the bus to the airport in Rotterdam?
Why did the stewardess make me wait before disembarking?
How to join the bile-high club if there's no airsick bag?
How many night markets currently operate in Vientiane, Laos?
What are the school holiday dates in South Africa
2 different passports with different surnames
ESTA and passport validity period - potential problems?
If I have to put up with bed bugs can I prevent bites or stop the itch?
Traveling in the USA with a Samsung Galaxy SM-G900F: how good is the AT&T coverage for the 1700 and 1900 frequencies?
How can I discover what time of the year hotels will be cheapest for a given city, e.g. Tokyo?
Can I use my UK provisional Driving Licence as a residence permit?
Finding a last minute hostel in Ko Phi Phi Don (some Hostels don't have websites)
Do all of the Emirates in the UAE have the same visa policy for Indian citizens, or does it vary?
Any tips for parking in Nice, France to save money?
Cellular Data Options in Trinidad and Tobago
Do I need to apply for ESTA?
Can an Indian citizen on B1/B2 tourist visa in the US, apply for a schengen visa in the US?
Frankfurt to Buenos Aires to Santiago de Chile, can I buy Nutella in Frankfurt Duty free and not haven taken away in Buenos Aires?
Hand luggage on Lufthansa
Where to pick up arriving passengers at Terminal 1, Toronto Pearson Int'll Airport?
How do I use a Satnav (Garmin Nuvi 2599) in Turkey?
Finding sleepover spots in internet cafes in Japan?
I'm on a train to Vienna and I forgot the documents home, what can I do now?
Is it legal to bring a Jamon Iberico from Spain into the UK, passing through France?
Could I enter Canada with more alcohol than the tax-free limit and pay at the arrival?
How to make up miles to reach a United Airlines elite status?
Visiting the Ngong Ping 360 cable car on an evening layover in Hong Kong International Airport?
No exit stamp leaving Australia
Is it a sign of being gay if a male wears a white trousers in the UK?
Do SAS Plus passengers have lounge access at Keflavik airport?
Are trains unsafe in Asia/SE Asia?
Have UK visa but couldn't travel; can I extend my stay to the full visa length?
How can I get from Stansted Airport to central London cheap, at like 8 AM?
Travelling outside of Germany on a German Working Holiday visa (Australian)
Two PNR, one itinerary - baggage allowance for Qatar Airways and American Airlines
"Small camera" carry-on luggage allowance
What are these metallic plates found around Iceland?
London Bus Map app offline
Why is travel insurance recommended when there's reciprocal health care?
Is Egypt currently safe for Americans 2014/2015?
Danger zones in Austin, Texas
One small luggage and one big on EasyJet?
Visiting Delhi, Bangkok and China in a month?
If I am banned from entering the US can I still land at an airport there, for a flight transfer?
Are there any airlines that offer nonstop flights from Ottawa or Montreal to Central America?
Dual citizen living in the US: What can I do to avoid using the US passport when applying for a Chinese visa?
In what states is the left lane only for passing?
Luggage storage at El Alto La Paz airport
Knife and fork handed back for next course; customary in France?
Does it make sense to try and negotiate prices with UK-based travel agents?
Which passport to use when travelling between south korea and ireland
Do I need Transit visa for Germany, travelling from India to Poland via Germany with Polish D-Type National Visa?
Having bought a return flight cheaper than a one-way, do I have to fly the second leg of the ticket?
Driving from Nice city (France) to Nice airport are there gas stations that are open early morning?
How safe is traveling from Texas to Mexico by bus?
Entering UK for leisure while holding a business visa
How much cash per person may we bring from South Africa to Switzerland?
How to get return prices for a one way ticket?
Can I bring a large metal rose on a plane?
Interstellar in In-Flight Entertainment
How do I find travel partners for a bicycle touring trip?
Non-prescription medicines in India and USA
Are candles a welcome gift in China?
How do I pay UK Air Passenger Duty (APD) on my flight to the UK?
What happens if you bring a dangerous item to a cruiseship
Why is it forbidden to wear camouflage in some Caribbean Islands?
How reliable is Vodafone mobile data in NZ?
UK ESTA USA Visa run
Does Icelandair Saga Premium have access to Fast Track at Stockholm Arlanda airport?
Safety in Warsaw Poland
Why do people in Taiwan sometimes use Western-sounding names?
Should I travel to Morocco alone as a young female?
Using restroom on airplane while fasten seatbelt light is on?
Can code shares significantly decrease flight safety?
Cycling England to Northern Sweden - bike lanes, cycle paths and camp grounds?
Money Exchange (CHF to USD) in Switzerland, Canada or in the USA?
Can I use a prepaid credit card for 'free' hotel reservation online?
How to choose seat with JAL when online check-in is not available?
Leave Zurich Airport during a long layover
Switzerland's Customs: Will they accept items from TCM (Chinese Medicine)?
Cruise lines and targeted demographics
9 months in Europe - Digital Nomad
How to find Dive Center reviews & recommendations in Spain / Europe / Egypt
Short sightseeing trip from JFK airport
Why confiscate gels not in ziplock bags after screening?
Choosing a car for travel with kids in Florida USA
Can I use the Blue "Arrivals from EU" queue on arrival in the UK, if I entered another EU country on a layover?
Philippine passport holder, Pass holder in Singapore (work), applying for a Japan tourist visa, but Port of Origin is Philippines
How can you detect that a WikiVoyage page is out of date?
Can I use my Go Card on Sunbus services in Cairns?
Arrive Newark on United from Heathrow. Is 1 hr 45 min enough time to connect to United flight to PDX?
Celebrating the same new year several times over?
Why do the 2 rail gauges run together between Hendaye and Irun?
How to contribute British Airways air miles to Qatar Airways without having first flown Qatar?
How can I get the most out of darjeelin.com?
Can I refuse to pay auto-gratuity in a restaurant?
What would happen if you miss the bag drop-off deadline and it's kind of the airline's fault for bad ground service?
Is it possible to stay in a palace in Jaipur?
What should I consider before choosing a Sub-Aqua Certification Organisation?
Are there low-cost airlines operating from Europe to Dominican Republic?
Why do some ferries (like Liverpool to Dublin) only allow passengers with a vehicle?
Tips for taking a dog on a long distances (multiple day) car trip?
I have 2 weeks in Thailand; should I visit the north too or just explore Bangkok and then head south?
I've booked a hotel on Booking.com using an empty debit card. Can the hotel still enforce their no-show/cancellation charge?
Can I bring compressed air cans in the airport?
Visit Canada while travelling to USA from Pakistan?
Air Canada - Unintentional "Hidden City Ticketing"
What does a person with waiver visa need to fly within USA
Can I reenter the U.S. from Canada with no passport as a US citizen?
Transatlantic cruises allowing casual dressing?
How to avoid claustrophobia on a plane?
Is Berlin experiencing a decrease in public activity during summer time (July and August)?
What kind of plugs can I expect on transatlantic cruise ships?
Is it legal to import software from the US to India, which is presently not for sale in India?
Are traveler checks still used when traveling to California, US
What do I need to know when renting a car at SFO airport?
From what point could you view the most US states?
Is it possible to consolidate Virgin (Velocity) with AirNZ Airpoints?
Is there a website that summarizes the luggage and check-in requirements for each airplane company?
Transportation from Moutiers Salins Station to Courchevel 1650
What is the fastest bus route from Guatemala City to Cancún, Mexico?
From what point on the earth's surface could you view the most UK counties?
How can I find a one-way car rental from Alaska to Seattle (through Canada)?
Backpacking with visa B2 in USA
What do these different hotel rates mean?
Transiting through Brussels
Carry-on bag packing advice
Travelling from Auckland to Ho Chi Minh City with Jetstar
How to understand the Indian Railways from abroad?
What is the fastest and most reliable way to reach Delhi from Sambalpur (in Odisha)?
Does Air Canada transfer bags to partner airline on same round trip ticket?
Landed briefly in London for 9 hrs, can I return to the UK again without going home (Australia) first?
Schengen area travel after Maltese residence permit expiry. Australian passport
What area is considered to be Marseille's city centre?
Need to disembark from train one station past what's shown on the ticket in India
UK transit visa required post December 2014 changes in visa rules?
How safe are Patzcuaro and Paracho in Michoacan, Mexico?
Cellular internet coverage in Mauritius
French spouse visa when full name changed after marriage
Applying for a UK Tourist Visa from outside country of origin
What is the best alternative to work one afternoon in Brussels during a trip?
Yosemite and Lake Tahoe Road Trip Assistance
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
Missed ground connection
One-off Maori lesson in Auckland
Am I supposed to respect traffic signs that are upside down (in the USA)?
What is the usual time taken to process an Iranian visa for a German?
Travelling to the US on B1 visa without a business purpose
US road trip for UK citizen before work
How to find out the speed limit in the US?
What are the possibilities of having sexual encounters during stay at a hotel?
Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?
Is China Airlines safe?
What will happen if I overstay in South Africa?
Do I need to leave the Schengen area between two 180-day periods?
Three-level pricing for Laos visa extension / overstaying
Do I need a visa for 1 week holiday in Istanbul, from Netherlands?
Cheapest way of getting from Tel Aviv to Amman as an Israeli citizen?
How to find the nearest location which has sunny forecast
Weather in Australia (Melbourne) summer, winter?
What does a flight code identify?
Reapply for Visa or Take Chance at Border?
Help me find scientific getaways!
A question about work life in Japan
Spain Visa Extension
What is an appropriate gift for an Indian wedding?
Calling within Europe
Does Air India provide any compensation for delayed flights?
Can I use CouchSurfing as as proof of accommodation for a Schengen visa?
Need Schengen visa with UK work permit and indian passport
Can non-residents of Iceland bring alcohol into Iceland?
US to UK visa or no visa for multiple visits
Uk Tier 5 Youth Mobility Visa arrival dates
Can I leave and return to Singapore using a short-term visit pass after cancellation of employment pass?
Safe place to see the "real" Palestine as an Israeli passport holder?
How to sleep in twins beds that are pushed together?
Does DTW have faster security for United premier access holders?
Renting a car in Tel Aviv as a young driver with a new license?
How to measure offshore limit for Bareboat Skipper IYT?
Free camping in Uk, Belgium, Netherlands - is it legal?
Will my overstay in South Africa be noticed?
Flight booking comparison including amenity info (e.g. wifi, refreshments)
Indian seeking to visit Dubai and then Muscat... How to do it?
Figure for taxi ride from LAS Las Vegas airport to the MGM
Did Finland's border authorities make a mistake?
How to get Saudi Arabian transit visa for road travel?
Is it safe to travel from Singapore to Batam by ferry?
Transportation during short visit to London
Traveling to Ireland with German National visa
Can I cross the U.S. Canadian border multiple times on tourist visa?
Are non-Muslims allowed to build snowmen in Saudi Arabia and similar countries?
Is it possible to buy a travel curtain for hostels/trains?
UK general visitor visa refused for funds evidence?
Travel back to India from US for good with no passport
Does an Egyptian citizen require a Transit visa for Istanbul airport?
Does one have to pay custom duties while bringing in a 'Fender Stratocaster American Standard' guitar from USA to India for himself?
Journey from India (Bombay/Mumbai) to USA on ship
Portugal to USA by cargo ship?
The rate is for 2 guests when making online hotel reservations
Immigration on domestic stop-over from Puerto Rico to SF?
Visiting Moscow on Stopover
India Tatkal tickets - tricks and tips
Can I use one travel converter for UK mains type G for multiple type A socketed appliances?
Free WiFi in Tokyo metro
May I wwoof or exchange work for a bed in a hostel in Costa Rica as a tourist?
Can the day pass on the Toronto subway be swiped?
Visa expires in May 2015, can I enter the US on January 26?
How much money do you need to have on hand when entering USA?
Can I enter Norway before the date stated on visa?
Is there a lounge for use at Nairobi airport by departing BA passengers?
Can the Family Visitor visa be canceled because the settlement visa has been refused?
Train Journey into Croatia from Italy
Can I plug French electronics into Russian sockets without an adaptor?
Data connection and phone calls during visit to London
How to check a large backpack?
Ticket Price refund for missed connection
Visa for traveling to Italy
As a married couple with different citizenships, should we pass through US immigration together or separately?
Where should I stay in Lisbon?
Does parents' family name refer to mother's married name or maiden name on VWP/ESTA form?
Can you earn miles with different airlines for the same one flight, if they are part of the same loyalty program?
Will I have problems entering the US if I'm only staying a week and then leaving for an extended stay in the UK?
Can the US still be entered on a tourist visa after permanent resident status is denied/expired?
Staying a night at Ercan international airport
Can I buy a mobile phone in USA and just use a SIM card in NZ?
How is TfL underground 'capping' calculated if I pay for multiple people's tickets?
Can I return to England from the US with a British passport only two months before expiry?
Is there a liability limit for a carry-on bag that was forcibly checked plane-side?
In Canada for 6 months, going back to US, how long until I can come back?
Visa for gap year in Europe
Can I leave Ireland (non Schengen) for a week to reset my 90 days
Marital status for re-entering USA if you got married abroad without registering?
Transiting in Newark from Terminal B to C
Overstayed Student Visa for 2 years in Canada, almost 8years ago
How to stay awake while waiting for a plane
Emirates doesn't ask me to choose flight seat when booking an online ticket
Flying one way from Copenhagen or Stockholm to Houston
Bus along Alaska Highway between Whitehorse and Alaska
Is 45 mins enough in Newark airport terminal C to change the plane for connecting flight?
GSM coverage in Gaspésie, Canada
What are my options for getting from Barranquilla (Colombia) airport into town?
Are all parts of the 'Jesus trail' in Israel open and safe to hike solo?
Travelling to India via Germany with 2 stops, do i need transit visa?
Phillipines visa 2 weeks
From Gatwick airport to central London by bus
How to remove airlines/security tag stickers from suitcases?
Is the use of APC Kiosks quicker than the paper method
Cure for departure anxiety in less developed countries?
Can a shower hose be taken on planes worldwide without hassle?
On a trip from US to UK with a layover in Germany, at which point of my journey will I go through customs?
reenter US after using medicaid for childbirth
Can I go from Gatwick Airport station to London Bridge station?
What is the best prepaid SIM card for data in France?
Refund value estimation for one leg of the return journey
Does the spouse of British national with UK permanent residence need a Schengen visa to travel to France?
Travelling to Bend, Oregon from Portland in winter
Resort reservation: Booked for 5, 6 are staying
Can I skip my train leg booked with a KLM flight?
Land crossing to America from Mexico with ESTA - 90 days reset?
Is there an IATA airport code for the Bay Area?
International arriving Chicago ORD to domestic, two different airlines how do I recheck bags?
South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa?
Not using my daughter's round trip ticket
Mobile phones and mobile internet in Italy
London and Paris Spring Vacation, end of May - Impact from School Holidays and Whitsunday?
Do I have to go through customs in Houston?
Will I save much time by using the US preclearance facilities in Canada/Ireland rather than flying direct?
Visiting Bosnia-Herzegovina during Ramadan
How can I get to Arusha, Tanzania from Nairobi, Kenya?
How can I tour Serengeti National Park by starting off in Nairobi?
What countries have separate pricing fees for international tourists for country attractions?
Do people use a colour photo or black/white for the Navigo Decouverte metro pass?
Not boarding at departure city
From what point could you view the most countries?
How do you prepare for crossing Borneo from coast to coast on foot?
UK visa: transit versus visitor question
Disembark flight at unplanned refuelling stop, if the stop is same as ultimate destination?
Ways to travel from Mexico to South America over land
Visa Waiver Program Re-entry
Do we need a transit visa we have a 12 hour stop over and have booked a hotel, we are flying with AirIndia from Sydney to Rome return
Best option to get cheap flights for flying Vancouver to Geneva return 10 to 15 times
Do I need to buy return ticket when travelling on a long-stay visa?
Extra bag with Qatar Airways - Can i pay for an extra bag?
I have multiple Schengen visa from Italy, can I transit in Holland for 2 hours before going to Italy?
Cosmetic/Dental Surgery in Thailand - Resources?
Will local contact numbers for travel insurance during a US visit simplify the process of visiting a doctor/hospital?
I am travelling from India to Kosovo via Turkey - do I need a visa as an Indian citizen?
Is this back to back ticketing or throwaway ticketing?
Travelling with 2 passports (different spelling)
Airport transit visa for Lisbon
Outstanding medical bills - will this prevent entry into the US?
Canadian Expedia refund possibility for missed hotel
Is there a site with all airlines carry-on restrictions?
Why do airlines now charge for flying standby in the US?
Is a supplement ticket required for international travel with Railjet to Austria?
Japanese style or themed accommodation in Melbourne
Picking up Italian Trenord tickets booked online when departing from small train stations
Are U.S. Citizens prohibited from travel to Crimea?
French citizen with Canadian residency to go to the US for the day
US Green Card Holder but Indian Passport, Studying in Spain with Multi-entry Schengen Visa - UK/Ireland Visit?
As of Jan 2015, does one have to take their shoes off at Toronto Pearson airport's security checkpoints?
Can I see which seats are available on a British Airways flight before I book?
Applying for a Russian Tourist Visa in Sweden as an Indian Citizen?
ESTA State/Province/Region required but there is no sensible answer
Do tickets in coach typically get sold in the order of lowest/cheapest fare code first?
How do non-English speakers navigate through international airports (specific question about Amsterdam)
Does AirCanada provide long layover (24+ hr) accommodation?
Checking in a new bag during a layover
Do Chinese customs agents check the contents of Kindles and notebooks?
Two pieces of luggage allowed, but only one (overloaded) luggage
Are battery packs allowed in hand luggage?
As of January 2015, are Phukets beaches that have been "cleaned up" by the government still clean?
Bringing electronics to India?
Protecting ears from cold
Can I hike Iceland on my own?
Can I book a flight a month before, at the airport?
Importing Silver into the US - what duty will I pay?
Where to find clear sky In South Korea for viewing stars?
Economical mobile data for US and Canada
Visiting Lake Kawaguchiko, how to get there?
Using a Schengen visa from the Spanish embassy in Greece?
Behind the scenes tours in Zürich
Schengen visa requirements
Is it possible to buy a computer monitor and HRM watch in Colombo, Sri Lanka duty-free airport shops?
Can I get Diamox over the counter in Nairobi?
ARP or LBO in Norway with Telenor
Can I take soya milk into Australia in my luggage?
Medical coverage travelling to place of birth
Visa requirements for Filipino traveling to Costa Rica via South Korea and USA
Airbnb-like sites for long term stay
Booking tours from Sorrento for Pompeii et al
I am in Israel after 90 days without a visa, can I get in trouble for this?
flying inside the USA
Australian visa with mis-matched names on two passports
Passport expiry for entry into US
1.5 hour layover long enough?
Buying tech merchandising in New York
Do I need a transit visa in Canada?
How can you know if an airport has a decent shopping area after security?
Entering Schengen area twice within 90 days
Australians flying to Cuba from the USA
Cape Verde: visa requirements and possibility of visa on arrival at airport?
How to travel between the islands of Cape Verde?
Cape Verde: accommodation to expect?
Is 1.5 hours of a layover time in Dubai practical?
Expired visa, can I still fly inside the US without risk?
Will a short holiday to Canada affect my Canadian Working Holiday Visa?
How much money do I need to show as proof of support when applying for a UK Standard Visitor visa?
Am I too heavy for Chinese hard sleeper trains?
Historical airfare prices to understand which month has the lowest airfare
(Where) Can I go to a "sleeper" cinema?
How do oil prices impact flight prices?
How easy/hard is it to backpack to Taiwan knowing only English?
Is the Iran banking system cut off even from its neighbouring countries on good terms with it?
One prepaid SIM for 4 weeks of travel in both the US and Canada?
List of countries an Indian can visit without applying for visa
Brownsville Texas: will cabs take you over the Mexico border?
Vegetarian food in Cala Mayor Beach, Spain
Fast public transport from Kusatsu to Jigokudani Monkey Park during winter?
Can one apply for many visas at the same time?
Can my husband pick up the luggage in Gatwick and check it in on next flight if I stay in transit?
Single name repeated as first name and last name on Schengen visa
How to book a free rebooking flight in a multi flight segment with Lufthansa?
Traveling to USA with Taiwanese wife for two week vacation
Can the gasoline in Mexico or Central America mess up a US-made car?
Can I expect problems flying to the Netherlands with a damaged Albanian passport?
Airline pricing website with multiple destinations
How can one visit an isolated island?
How to report hotel booking fraud?
A Canadian flying from Spain to Canada through London. Do I go through customs in London?
Currencies in Laos
Should I give my Japanese host omiyage/gift when meeting them first or when I'm leaving?
Is it OK to eat turtles in Cambodia?
Booking class - China Airlines
Booking a Vietnam Tour through a Vietnamese operator - what to be aware of?
Sri Lanka: visa requirements and possibility of visa on arrival at airport?
Would it be necessary to have UK visa?
Forgotten Oyster card in London
Tipping in Europe when paying by credit card?
From Haneda airport to Narita airport with same airline
Travelling to Schengen countries frequently
Where can I apply for Kurdistan short-term residency?
Do I still need a blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit?
Supplying your own needle for Blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit
Lounge in Doha?
Do I have to fill out a form when submitting a blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit? If so, what details does it request?
Passport blank page requirements for Kurdistan
Passport validity requirements for a EU resident (but not a EU citizen) to travel within Schengen
What publicly accessible tall buildings are good for views & photography in South Los angeles
Contiki Alternative?
What documents are required to apply for a B1/B2 visa?
No stamp when going from India to Glasgow through Dublin
Recalling the train/seat details for a SNCF ticket loaded onto your Voyageur card?
Why do trucks pass each other on the highway?
Applying for a Schengen visa early because of another trip
Where to get free WiFi access at JFK, landside and airside?
Searching for flights to "Anywhere" in narrow time frame
With a B-1/B-2 US visa, do I still have to return home within six months?
Does a US citizen and college student need a visa or visas for transits at Stockholm and Copenhagen?
Should we need to return to own country before visa expires?
Flying to Europe with children: preparing for time change
Where to find microwave on the road in the US
Mexican visa requirements for US citizens
Is it possible to use US/UK agents (sites or people) for flights to and from third party countries?
Does a Vietnamese student need a visa for a vacation to America?
Is a male guardian required for women skiing in Iran?
Which countries can someone from Sweden freely travel to that someone from the Netherlands can't?
Tibet: visas requirements in 2015
What happens if my middle name is my last name on my airline ticket?
Does a Macedonian need a visa to visit the UK if she has a 5 year resident visa in the EU?
Electronic road tolls (cashless) in Florida
Why is there a street with a date as a name in Belgium?
Is it normal to walk around an (American) hotel in pajamas?
How strict are the airlines if one's bag is only 2cm bigger than the rule?
How to transfer from JFK to Newark using public transportation?
Places in India where no vehicles are allowed
Can I choose in which page of my passport is a visa going to be stamped?
How to travel with a minor when you're not their parent?
How many days a year is a U.S. citizen allowed to stay in Morocco?
Cape Verde: any safety alerts regarding hasslers, con men, thieves or muggers specific to this region?
Online seat reservations with a JR-Pass
UK PLAB Visa Refusal due to unexplained bank deposits
Visa requirements for Macedonia for Schengen-zone Permanent Residents?
How often can a U.S. passport holder exit/enter Morocco?
Applying for an Irish visa after a refusal
Finding a hotel booking site that really books the hotel (for Mumbai)
Tube delay on a cross-London rail transfer, who to claim compensation from?
Lost/missing half a UK rail ticket (advanced purchase), can I get it reprinted?
Procedure for traveling to the US on a green card
Exchanging japanese yens into US dollars for an upcoming trip to USA, how to get the best rate?
What line does a Green Card holder take at the US immigration at the airport?
Do I need to bring Turkish Lira (cash) for a layover at Istanbul Atatürk airport?
Does the US government know if I have another passport?
Can I bring reusable hand warmers onto a plane in Europe?
How early should I contact potential hosts for CouchSurfing?
Am I eligible to apply for a Schengen Visa from the U.S. though F-1 visa is expired?
Proof of sufficient funds for Austrian Visa (Sri Lanka Citizen)
Can you get a refund of the application fee if your UK visa application is rejected?
How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?
What are some general guidelines for sending a good request on CouchSurfing?
Travel to the United Kingdom visa free for non-EU family member of EU Citizen
Skipping second leg when transferring in Vienna
Business travel to Canada
Flight search tool for multiple travelers from different cities to a single destination city
Meeting someone at the airport gate in the US?
Public strikes in Kerala, India
Schengen travel insurance for 3 entries
Is Dubai visa required to get luggage for an Egyptian citizen?
What are the transportation options for getting from Managua International Airport to other cities in Nicaragua?
Are there any halal restaurants in Mondulkiri?
Can you enter Australia on a UK passport that expires within 6 months?
Schengen visa extension
Places to Visit in Seattle as a Nirvana Fan?
Reentry possible on exisiting visa or do I require a different visa?
What is the "other type of visa" needed travelling from India to Dublin via Heathrow?
How long does it take to get from Reykjavik to Vik with a super jeep during winter?
How can I go from Amsterdam to Paris?
Where is a hipster/"bobo" neighborhood in Amsterdam?
How can I reach Muiderslot castle from Amsterdam Central?
Where I can make chocolates in Switzerland
Should I wear cotton or synthetics in Egypt near summer?
Do I need a Mexican visa with my US valid visa to travel to Mexico?
What is the cheapest form of public transportation from Amsterdam to Northern Ireland?
Get to El Calafate from the end of the W-Trek (Torres del Paine)
Does Amtrak ever stop at non-Amtrak (commuter only) stations?
Is 2 hours transit time in SFO enough for a NZ-citizen flying Kelowna,BC - SFO - Auckland?
International travel with pets with transfer - paperwork for third country?
Do I need a Visa for a Schengen train trip with stop-over in other Schengen countries?
Are there any ATM's in Toronto where you can withdraw more than $400?
Which countries are covered under long-term work permit “Deutschland” visa?
Casual Khmer language classes or language exchange in Siem Reap?
US Visa in Switzerland
App or website to calculate change in Cambodian riel and US dollars
Transiting through Dubai, from Terminal 3 to 2
Will I fit in a first class airplane seat?
Are all attractions in Brussels/Bruges closed on May 1st holiday?
Do I have a fighting chance trying to avoid $50 charge for miles credit with United MileagePlus?
What documents can I use to return to US if I don't have a passport?
Road conditions on Eastern USA/Canada roads in Winter
With FlightHub, How many days in advance should I book a ticket?
Egyptian student - was refused tourist visa from UK?
Finding convents and monasteries to stay in while travelling?
British Irish visa for Indian citizens?
Is it currently possible to travel directly between the different parts of "Kurdistan" which lie within different countries?
Small historical stone bridge in the North of Seoul
How much is a bus from Buenos Aires to Rio de Janeiro?
Why must the name on my passport match the booking details?
Is the 5 euro coin accepted anywhere?
Air travel with a stoma (ileostomy or colostomy)
Misunderstood body language in Middle East?
Do I have to pay import duties on items replaced overseas by travel insurance?
On arrival visa at Doha for Philippine citizen, currently holding UAE visa as Technical Adviser
Transit visa at Frankfurt international airport
Booking Roomettes on Amtrak
Is it rude to talk on a mobile phone for the whole journey, when travelling alone in a London black taxi?
Are there any power outlets and Wi-Fi hotspots on the Zurich-Milan train?
Dual citizen US/Ireland need healthcare in EU
When will the Gramercy be imploded?
Lufthansa connecting flight to India at Munich 40 mts in between will I be able to make it? (Travelling light-only carry on)
Can one tour a cruise ship in Sydney?
Chinatown in Seoul
Check in time for layover at Sydney airport
Petrol prices in New Zealand
BB in thumb and first flight ahead
How does seat assignment work with 'direct to gate' service from Norwegian?
Mobile networks in Poland
Cooking my own meals in Fajardo Puerto Rico
What are seats 69H/K like on 777-300ER on Philipines Airlines?
Security in Poland, Warsaw
Renting an appartment in Poland using 'biuro'
Are holiday working visas separate for each country?
Visa refusal. Should I reapply or appeal?
I'm travel from Kenya to Amsterdam to Athens is that need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa I'm a permanent resident of Greece
Least expensive Vietnam visa for Australian citizen from Cambodia?
Where are the Himalayan Buddhist stupas?
Which is safer in the event of a crash - forward-facing or rear-facing train seats?
Will having used one previous double-entry visa for China make me eligible for a multiple entry visa now?
Travel to Tarragona from Barcelona Airport (BCN)
Food imports and exports from Turkey
Travel from Arabba Ski Region to Venice
Short-term visit to USA as an Indian Citizen - which visa to get?
How does the weather compare between Bali and Vietnam in April?
Travel Insurance for when you are not returning to your country of departure
British visa validity
Where to find dacquoise in Paris?
Will all accommodation be full (or at inflated prices) if arriving in Vietnam right in the middle of Tết?
Can I leave India and return using a different passport? (Tourist Visa)
Is there a standardised way to refer to a specific terminal within an airport?
Invitation letters for my Indian parents coming to the Netherlands
How can I do an online broad search for cruise trips?
Reapply or appeal UK visa
How flexible are around the world tickets regarding flight dates?
Driving in Guatemala on a US license - must you carry your passport as well?
Is a passport required to purchase a plane ticket in India?
Walking across Australia?
Is it feasible to buy a small boat in Leticia, Colombia and travel down the Amazon?
How does one not get hassled for duties/taxes for items that aren't new but look new?
12 hour stopover in Istanbul (Atatürk)
Can someone living in China on a business visa write a letter of invitation for an S2 visa?
Bumping into people on the street in the UK
Traveling internationally with one-way airline tickets
How safe is public transport in San Francisco for a female travelling alone?
Do I need to apply for a new ESTA when flying from a different airline?
Is it safe to arrive at Amboseli National Park (Kenya) at night?
Are American Express credit cards widely accepted in Japan, specifically, Osaka?
DOT complaint for non US citizen
Is Nogi's house original or rebuilt?
Museo del Calzado in Mexico City: Still in business?
What time is used on board a cruise ship?
How safe the neighborhood around the Leonardo Hotel in east Jerusalem?
Travelling from US to Paris via UK, can I avoid checking bags all the way through to Paris?
Should I tip my Airbnb host?
Least Strict Schengen Visa Application? - France or Italy
Can I travel to Romania with a Schengen visa issued by the embassy of The Netherlands and staying for a longer period in Romania than in Amsterdam?
What does the acronym "ECO" mean in discussions of visas?
How can I decide if should I get travel insurance on my trip to Osaka?
Where is the "Office for Foreign Aliens" in Siem Reap, Cambodia?
Are the terms "visa denial", "visa refusal", and "visa rejection" used in the same standardized way in countries that use English?
Third Party Transit Insurance - Aussie Registered Car Travelling Via Singapore, Malaysia Into Thailand
Study or business visa for a paid internship in The Netherlands?
How can I check when I can (statistically) fly to given locations most cheaply?
Online hiking map for Alps
Activities to do with children in and near Jerusalem in the summer, especially to avoid the heat?
Can I pack a razor in a carry-on on planes leaving Toronto Pearson airport?
Transferring from T3 to T2 in Dubai
Do I have to declare an iPhone 6 when entering China?
Two passports from the same country and ESTAs for travel to the USA?
Why aren't micro Swiss Army multitools allowed on the plane but small scissors are allowed?
Documents required for B2 at airport
Schengen visa refusal from German embassy
Discounts for Universal Studios Japan when it's your birthday?
Do additional guest need to be present for hotel check in
Leaving the USA after the visa waiver expired?
Schengen visa transit in other Schengen country
Japan transit visa for a Filipino who has just acquired Canadian citizenship but has no Canadian passport
Travelling in Taiwan during Chinese New Year? Good or no good?
Patagonia by bike: where to find accommodations info?
True current procedure and cost of extending Cambodia tourist visa in person?
Dual Citizenship (Guyana and UK) and obtaining a US visa?
Can I walk out of Chicago Midway Airport (MDW)?
Best way to leave EU with expired visa
Is there a directory or website indexing smaller travel guides?
Would a tattoo saying in Thai "Nothing is mine, not even myself" be considered offensive?
Where is the historical center of Tlalpan?
Where to buy a hydration pack / reservoir / bladder / camel bag in Phnom Penh, Cambodia?
How Safe are Train Rides in the U.S.?
Indian visa registration requirements - stay duration or visa duration?
Tipping in shared ride vans
Visa for taking the New York Bar Exam?
Is a 7 hour layover in Paris long enough to leave the airport and sightsee?
Esta return, can I reset the "clock" by visiting the Bahamas?
UK tourist visa?
Difference between Schengen Tourist and Business Visa
Is there a 'minimum daily spend' in Bhutan, and does it vary on citizenship?
What type of Schengen visa do I need to visit Germany twice?
How can I apply Disney Reward points toward a vacation that is several years out?
Will a UK ban affect other visa applications?
Do I need UK visa to enter London from Cork, Ireland?
JFK outbound International connection time (separate tickets and terminals)
What are the exact reasons why one cannot take a bottle of water on the plane?
What do shops mean when they are open 7/7?
Do I need Health Insurance to Qualify for a US Visitor's Visa?
Is Two hours of transit at Atlanta airport enough to catch the other flight?
Staying in Manhattan, wanting a hire/rental car for afterwards, how to work out my best place to collect it from?
How many laptops a visitor can take out of US to Dubai on Emirates flight?
Do Estonians prefer English to Finnish?
How can I reach Prague airport during the night hours?
Is tipping a flight attendant acceptable?
Maeklong Railway Timetable
Is there such a thing as a European SIM card?
Will doodling on my passport make it invalid?
Got Refused Entry to Thailand
Tourist Visa to Israel for Indian Students studying in the US
Type D student visa in Spain: valid date and duration of stay
Driving a rental car from east to west coast of the USA as a visitor
Thailand Visa on Arrival Duration
How do eVisas increase tourism by 400%?
What is the purpose of numbers on some UK street name signs?
Can I re enter the US on the VWP immediately after 90 days?
If there's no "until" date on your US entry stamp, how long can you stay as an ESTA holder?
Two passports entering Schengen?
UK hotel overcharged credit card, where to complain?
"Romantic Road" Japan, including rental car and trains
Why does the return trip of the IC Bus Antwerp-Eindhoven take almost 3 hours, whereas the outbound takes 1.15h?
Do US → Canada train tickets qualify for entry under VWP?
Japanese train etiquette: Is it acceptable to take a baby in the Shinkansen Green Car?
8h layover in Sydney on my way back to Singapore, can I roam Sydney without a visa?
Do I have to go through immigration for a connection in Canada (Montreal)?
Can I have a sword fight in Scotland?
International connections in OR Tambo Airport, Johannesburg
Passport validity requirements for transit stop-overs in Doha and Dubai
Travelling to USA on B2 (Tourist) and getting medicines for others
How do I connect at LAX from an international flight on American to a domestic one?
Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?
When South Africa's new regulations for travel with children begin, would a certified copy of unabridged birth certificates be acceptable?
Am I supposed to pay for parking when the parking meter is buried under the snow (USA)?
What are "prohibited / restricted areas" in the context of an Indian visa?
When buying fuel in Peru service stations, do you have to give an ID?
Can I converse with Japanese travellers on the Shinkansen or is it rude?
How much cash am I supposed to prepay at gas station in the US?
What characteristics should I look for when buying a backpack?
pay for flight reservation only after approval of visa application?
Can I get to Sharm el Sheik from Hurghada?
Visa/permit for foreign tourists to visit the Andaman Islands?
Places for camping without a caravan in UK
Short Term Tourist Visa Refusal
Got a plane ticket but no passport
Is it rude to refuse to eat from the same plate in parts of the Middle East?
Partial cancellation of a train ticket
Indian having UK visa. Can I get a Schengen visa on arrival at France?
How to book a ticket for an unborn infant?
Can my family leave Istanbul Ataturk Airport during layover to Toronto?
How functional is World Sim, GoSIM and other "International" Data SIMs, in terms of coverage, quality of service and cost?
Can you buy a 3-day metro pass (for tourists) in Tokyo center?
Entering U.S. exactly on the day of visa "expiration date"
Should I get travel insurance for a trip booked as a mileage award?
Traveling in Europe Solo - 18 years old. Feasible?
Best way to get from San Diego to Los Angeles by public transport (no Greyhound)
Booking 2 ways ticket, not onboard 1 way, consider canceling both?
ANA non-stop flight from BOM to NRT
Can a person travel using their i94 as an ID?
Overstayed my US visa for over 9 years, never got deported, can I return as a tourist?
Going from USA to India via London with expired US visa but valid Canadian visa
Can a visitor to the UK work as volunteer?
Re-entering the US for the third time in a year with total of 240 Days
Laos visa-on-arrival for Indian Citizens: Is it also available at land border crossings?
Multiple journeys on same route - roundtrip tickets in bulk (plane)
Is there a Waze-like app to keep track of each other among travel companions?
I have B1 visa, can I apply for F1 visa?
Going to a border to get another 90 days of visa waiver
Flight connections between south-west Germany and Corsica?
Tourist Visa After Student Visa in Schengen Zone
Tourist visa, Spain, teaching English?
Color Printing in Luang Prabang
Middle name on ESTA
Rio de Janeiro to Petropolis to Teresopolis back to Rio
Will an EU residency card be sufficient to depart China?
If I lose my passport in the US and the I94 along, how will I prove I left US soil?
Does Turkish Airlines tend to "economically" cancel flights?
Is the country code for "U.A.E." in a passport "ARE"?
Depart UK by Air or Ship?
How to get from Istanbul Airport (Atatürk) to Bursa, mid March, by bus and ferry?
Indian citizen living in United Kingdom wants to get a Schengen visa for France
UK Visitor Visa: Required Time or Interval Between Visits?
Potential difficulties in trip to Europe?
Cheapest possible way to make phone calls to the USA when visiting multiple European countries
Can I have my friend check my bag and have it dropped off at their layover airport so I can pick it up?
12-hour Daytime Luggage Storage in San Juan, Puerto Rico?
Is it OK for someone to follow their family's rented moving truck into a weigh station?
Is it safe to park hired 2 wheeler near Goa beaches?
Schengen counting rules and name change
Walk/Run from Berlin Tegel Airport to Berlin City Centre
Can my Venezuelan girlfriend take connecting flights within the US to get home?
Is the UK planning to introduce exit checks in 2015?
How to pass time / manage a very long drive (25+ hours) with a group of people
Can I bring beef jerky to the US from Nigeria?
Airport employees in preclearance areas?
NJ Transit Train first time riding
Will I get a better deal if I were to book a car from an airline reservation web site?
Eating on the Palace on Wheels, in Rajasthan, India if I have dietary restrictions
April Hokkaido Camping and Hiking
Why was I refused a tourist UK visa? Should I reapply for a business visa?
How can I get to Iceland on a cargo ship?
Can I still visit a "movie TV" establishment (MTV) in Taiwan?
Immigration rules when connecting though Toronto Pearson to another Canadian airport
Boarding refusal at boarding gate
Visiting Italy on tourist visa and applying for Family reunion visa
How long does my Indian visa need to be active after I have entered into India?
Car insurance in France for 100 days
Use of Euros in Sri Lanka, will they be accepted for small purchases?
Entry into the US without stamped H4 visa
How to protect glass and ceramic items for air travel?
How much can I claim in damages for a missed connection, on an EU airline flying through the EU?
Is a regulation baggie required for carry-on liquids in Toronto Pearson Airport?
Can I enter the UK on my expired British passport if I have a valid South African passport?
As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?
How much transfer time for domestic flight arriving in LGA, transferring to JFK for an International Flight?
Transit through through the Schengen area with an EEA Family Permit
Will there be flowers blooming in the last week of March at the St. Louis Botanical Garden?
Flying from NYC via Philadelphia to Halifax, I clear Immigration and Customs in Canada?
Is trekking safe in south Slavic countries?
Can I travel to my home country without US passport?
Indian National Travelling from USA to India via Dublin
Finding Gilgit's Kargah Buddha
Exiting landside at Heathrow when I don't have a landside transit visa
Custom Rules in Canada about bringing food
Airplane seat dimension regulations: are there any?
Luggage transfer in Dubai between flights, without a visa
Where in the world am I most likely to see stacked lenticular clouds?
Belgian Rail Pass and RailPlus pass. Which to use to travel from a Belgian station to Roosendal, Aachen or Maastricht?
Does the Amtrak SW Chief serve breakfast prior to arrival in LA?
Aeroflot Bonus Card + Miles
What exactly is a "FM-T", Mexico Tourist Card?
Where do I exchange Russian currency outside Russia?
Hiking/nature around Lyon
Duty free when flying to two different EU countries with 2 litres of spirits?
Air-conditioned cafe in Kampot, Cambodia?
Prepaid SIM card with best data plan in Canada
Refused UK business visitor visa due to lack of ties. What are my options?
How do I make a transfer in Dublin airport if my two flights are on separate tickets?
Turkish transit visa on arrival
What's the courtesy: wipe off the wash basin?
Can I go to Terminal 2 from Terminal 1 in Dubai International Airport?
Crossing the Black Sea (Ukraine to Georgia) by boat - risk of being boarded in a private vessel?
Is there a way to find out specifically why a flight was delayed?
Visiting the Edinburgh Fringe (events information)
Travel without an Italian residence permit in the Schengen area
Travel between Managua and Monteverde
Entry into South Africa with Felony
Long (3-hour) layover in Paris CDG connecting with a TGV train, where should I wait?
What is a cheap way to get from NYC to Boston, MA?
Packing sensitive electronics for flight
First Class Japan Rail Pass on Trains Without First Class
Splitting my 90 days in a Schengen country
Can I ask for a luggage transfer at the transfer check in counter in Taipei?
Schengen 90 days: what's counted?
What are good options for long term parking at O'Hare Airport?
Does gel deodorant count as "liquids"?
Does Mastercard or American Express have more worldwide acceptance?
Apply for a new Schengen visa when you already have a used and valid National visa
Schengen Visa/Transit Visa question
Can food from Indian restaurants in America be found in India?
See as much of Europe as possible in a week
Are wet wipes subject to the TSA's 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?
What does "To book in house" mean?
Is 40 minutes layover in Newark enough time?
If I lose my papers/passport in the US, what police station should I report it to?
Can one board a flight with photo ID bearing an old last name?
Travel Insurance for US Citizens for a year-long trip
What class of vehicle is commonly called "a Toyota" in Dudhu Chak/Eastern Pakistan?
Which cities in Vietnam have a Chinese embassy or consulate where I can apply for a visa?
Taking the CTA to United Center, Chicago
How to stay safe in Mexico City
My residence & work permits in Germany are expiring soon, but I want to stay and travel in Europe. What visa should I apply for?
For a long-haul flight from London Gatwick, is arriving 2½ hours in advance enough?
Travelling to San Francisco from Dublin to save money on tax- allowed?
Are taxis available on the Israel side of the northern crossing to Jordan?
Healthcare and dual citizenship
Why do airlines (typically?) require customers to phone for special meals, and not provide this option online?
Present for bicycle traveler
Where can I leave 15kg luggage in Osaka for 5 days?
3 passengers on a multi-city trip and 1 does not intend to take the last leg. Will the other 2 experience problems?
Is ice subject to the TSA's 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?
Are there any places to leave luggage in Brussels, for short and/or long periods of time?
Which is the best time of year to visit Bali?
Mobile connectivity in Israel, in and outside small and large cities?
Buy a roundtrip ticket for two people, but second person only travels on return - is that possible
Do Ukrainian citizens require a transit visa at Vienna travelling form Ukraine to Serbia?
Hotels/cottages with private hot tub access in Colorado Springs/Denver, Colorado
Map of bus stops for Greyhound in Canada?
Import one bottle of liquor to the US
Domestic Or International Check In
Where can I see snake charmers in India?
Driving with a CB (citizen band radio) in the US
Driving a rental car through Colorado
What is the highest altitude town or village with accommodation in Cambodia?
Carrying 2 laptops and 2 Mobiles to Chennai Airport from Sydney on return back to India
Is there an easyJet ticket office in Schönefeld?
Buying electronics in Phnom Penh
Need to extend the validity (number of days) for an unused Schengen visa
What happens if I miss my flight on a 1 day visa in UK?
Possible connection: Milan Malpensa airport to Milano Centrale
Korea: Visa required to go to the city while in transit in Seoul for a Philippine citizen?
How much is my Nicaraguan money worth in US dollars?
Adjustment of status/expired visa, wanting to travel within US by air
Dieppe to Newhaven ferry - necessary to prebook ticket?
Is it feasible to visit Yellowstone National Park from Vancouver over the Easter weekend?
3 months as tourist in USA, then resident in Canada for 2 months, then back to USA for 3 months tourism
Is it true that people "can just take all the luggage off the airport conveyer belt and leave with it."?
How can I secure my online activity while traveling?
How to deter theft of checked baggage at baggage carousels?
Service to carry bags to / from airport in Australia - right up to checkin?
Car rentals cross-border between USA & Canada
Schengen visa application for multiple trips?
Can you mail yourself to another country? Any country?
Can I apply for a new German Schengen visa, when my first Czech Schengen visa has not expired but only allows me to enter once?
“Valid until” date for Dubai visa
Travelling to Georgia, should I get a rabies vaccination?
Going from SFO Airport to San Francisco downtown
Can I change my itinerary and hotel reservation after getting a Schengen visa?
Historical flight data outside of the USA?
Is a Pakistani allowed a six-week internship in Germany on a 'normal' Schengen visa?
Pass for public transport in San Francisco
Best 'private' spots for stargazing on Mountain Teide, Tenerife
90 days out of 180 in The Netherlands
Obtaining insulin in Colombia as a foreign tourist
European driver's license Type B and 10,000lb vehicle in USA
Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as a Bangladeshi going to the British Virgin Islands
Going from a VWP to being an overstay and now applying for a B2 visa with the intent of switching it to a student visa
Hiking around Vigo, Spain
Is it Reasonable to book Ferries from Santorini to Mykonos in Advance?
Can foreigners cross from Cambodia to Vietnam at the Binh Di river?
Road condition B6 From Mbeya to Tabora. How long should it take to drive in a 4x4
What to do on east coast of Sri Lanka in May
I am British, If I change my passport name, would other countries know my old name?
Is it generally true that Japanese people are more reluctant to help Asian compared to Western foreigners?
US B1/B2 Visa got rejected twice- visiting china previously will be problem
I am from Malaysia, should I have a return trip or a multiple trips by Eurostar?
Can an airline really refuse to depart when overbooked?
Incentives to change flights
Which Canadian airport will my work permit be processed at?
Long Haul flight with 9 month old with potential no Bassinet
Why would I choose full service carrier instead of a low-cost one?
I booked an TGVAir train+plane ticket with Air France, must I travel the first (train) leg?
Question about UK General Visitor Visa
Schipol to Keukenhof by public transport
Who was this persistent person at Shanghai airport?
Cheapest way to get from Tucson, AZ to Boulder, CO?
Do I need a transit visa in Dubai?
UK transit visa, can my brother bring my daughter to UK when travelling to US
How to apply for a Moroccan visa from Tehran?
Can I add passengers later for free to my booking for the DFDS Dover-Calais / Dunkirk ferry?
How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?
Getting multiple tourist visas at the same time
Transport in Belgium
Where to return I-94 form?
Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?
Transportation from Zadar to the Plitvice Lakes national park and then to Split
Chinese citizen/passport making connection flight in Zurich
What are possible reasons for this strange flight pattern?
How soon can I reapply for another Schengen visa after using a granted visa to the Netherlands?
Is there a thinner tool card than the Victorinox Swiss Card?
Is it safe to travel to Kiev at the moment?
Travel from Venice, Italy to Cologne, Germany
Entering the UK for a prolonged time of six months with no visa
Are there any ways to get American Airlines systemwide upgrades, apart from having Executive Platinum status?
Re-Applying for Schengen Visa in Germany as Visiting family and Friends Visa?
Is a driving licence needed to drive a scooter in Ibiza?
Free Amtrak Lounge Access with No Ticket
Practical food to take on flight without anything served?
Travelling through UK - H1B (Visa stamp expired) but have a UK visitor's visa
90 day limit for visa waiver program
Is there a list of countries that do not reset the "clock" for Canada visits?
Compensation for flight change made by the airline
Can I take a bicycle when boarding a VIA Rail train at a small (flag) stop?
Transit visa for India or NOT?
Schengen overstay penalty / effect on next Schengen visit?
New York stopover on EU passport for dual US citizen during transatlantic trip
When traveling to Japan, which problems can one encounter for not speaking any Japanese when it comes to reaching all major tourist attractions?
Definitive list of countries where a head scarf is required for woman
Ship my laptop home to the US from Mexico?
How can I estimate how much sunscreen I need to pack?
Do I need two transit visas for round-trip travel through the US?
Shipping a kayak to India - or can I fly with it?
In which countries (or states) can a traveler smoke weed and not face any legal charges?
Reliable, Free Flight Alert Website allowing multiple route combinations
Is there a site that shows the current GPS position of active cruise ships?
Travelling to Malta from Kenya next month, concerned about my visa application
What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?
Why is Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver more expensive than Bangalore - Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver?
What currencies can I use in Istanbul?
Do I still need my Garmin Etrex Vista GPS or can I just use my iPhone with an App?
Can you take Gorrilla Glue in Hold Luggage on a plane?
Luggage storage for a few hours in Las Vegas?
Traveling from Ireland to UK on a South African passport
What to do with an invitation from a friend in UK whom I wish to visit during a short holiday there?
Closest place to Addis Ababa where you can see wildlife
Do I need a Chilean identification number just to buy a bus ticket?
Refused PLAB visa last year, reapplying now
American Allowance in Schengen Area vs Having a Schengen Visa in Schengen area
Entry permit to italy with polish national visa
Can I use my passport even though it has the wrong place of birth
Can an Australian re-enter the UK on a Standard Visitor visa just after expiry of a Working Holiday visa?
Where can I store my suitcase at Madrid Barajas airport?
Renting a car in the USA — how to know costs for the legal minimum liability insurance, before arriving for pickup?
Safe parking in the centre of Mexico City
As a UK passport holder do I need to get a Schengen Visa for Iceland for a 4 day holiday?
Apple iMac to India; Customs duty clarification
Camping between Puerto Montt and Santiago in Chile?
Child Accompanied Visa - can you return with another adult?
Do I need a transit visa for a 14 hour layover in India as a British Citizen?
Why is Montreal airport code YUL?
Can I ride a small moped/motorcycle elsewhere in Europe, with a UK driving license with "p" category entitlement?
Schengen Visa for Germany refused due to lack of subsistence
How is the range of Google Maps new drive time feature defined?
Which car should we rent to visit several European countries?
Do French immigration police at St. Pancras for Eurostar speak English?
Visit USA again after having left USA, but with unexpired F1 visa & I20/OPT
Can I get vegan sushi in Tokyo?
How can I find out if someone is in the Schengen Information System (SIS)?
Guests at a motel
How much does a taxi from Southampton to London cost?
Enter USA with Canadian residence permit
Nightlife in Tokyo Roppongi neighborhood
Can I take a flight that departs after midnight of the day my Schengen visa expires?
Visa expiry and re issue
Long Layover in Zurich Airport
Difference between Airport Hotels and Transit Hotels?
Am I allowed to enter Germany with extended passport and German Blau Card
Are the Schengen "airport transit visa" even checked?
Daily alerts for cheapest flights anywhere at any given time?
Cheap accommodation in Spain
Is it safe to park a motorbike on the street at night Spain?
Why do Eurotunnel do cheaper fares for shorter trips
my vwp not authorized, does it affect get to canada
How to protect an expensive backpack in airplane hold?
US citizen with my 90 days almost over - if I leave Italy and go to Croatia and back to Italy will my 90 days reset?
Do they still have border controls in the highways when you travel to croatia like before?
What can I do in Hong Kong with a three hour layover?
Indian national transiting through heathrow from Paris
Leaving the Schengen area (Finland) on the last day of visa validity
When can I return to Singapore?
How long can I expect the connection to be in Athens International Airport
Does my Schengen visa allow me to enter the Schengen area into another state after I've finished my visit to the issuing state?
Travel to USA while working remotely for US company
Best way to split costs during travelling
Will my Chinese visa still be valid if I renew my passport?
USA - Combining business with pleasure
Bicycle rental in Netherlands with drop-off in another city
Traveling to Iceland with a US Passport
Tourist visa with cancelled old passport and have renewed passport in hand
Do I need a visa for a connecting flight through Paris
Booking a flight in the airport right before departure
Unused b1/b2 valid visa
Advice on Hotel - Travelling to visit my girlfriend in Russia
Student resident permit in Finland stay duration in Germany for travel
Identifing city (and buildings) below Mount Fuji
Amsterdam to Berlin - Hire Car
How much money do I need to show I have to visit the UK from Egpyt?
do i need a transit visa for Paris is coming from the US to Czech Republic?
How to access Killarney Provincial park (Ontario) by public transportation
Is there a way to avoid the so called "resort fee"?
Dual Citizen - Ireland/UK entering Thailand
South African and EU dual citizenship travelling to the UK
Can I supervise a learner italian driver in italy with my full Australian drivers license plus international drivers permit?
Why is there usually free cancellation on car rentals but not on hotels?
How happily will taxis cross the triple-point borders around Basel?
Where I can find beaches with still water in beginning of April in Sri-Lanka?
Travelling with hiking poles as checked-in luggage
St. Angelo's fort tomb stone
Is there a listing for direct red-eye flights from the west-coast to the east-coast in the US?
How can I remove highway vignettes and other miscellaneous stickers from the windshield of my car?
UK visa refused due to sloppy documentation. How should I reapply?
Visiting the UK for tourism on a Business Visitor visa, after previously visiting the country for business
Emirates luggage size rules changed since Nov.15, 2014
What countries can I transit on my way to Kenya without requiring a visa?
Travel to USA while working remotely to US company, long term (1-3 months)
Is multiple entry for UK general tourist visa possible?
Schengen and UK Visa for Indian citizen: Which type of ticket can I use as supporting documentation?
Where can I print a document in Vancouver?
Best place to buy Swiss Francs using US dollar
French and Armenian passports travel to Germany by Russia
Transfer from Incheon airport to Gimpo and vice versa
Is Canadian Visa required if just in Toronto changing flights?
Is Pentecost observed in Lisbon?
1hr 30min layover in Ataturk Airport (Istanbul)
When driving in Belgium, what equipment is mandatory to have in a car registered in another country?
Avoid getting sick in India
Flying from California to Texas: do I need ESTA?
Traveling from Canada to Istanbul & Athens - 2 different passports?
How are validated underground tickets checked in Berlin?
Crossing roads in Berlin
Nightclubs in Friedrichshain
Camping in Torres del Paine in May
Can I carry sand to UK in luggage bag?
Transport to hotel from Cancún airport and back
What's up with low visibility in Thailand?
Need to leave for double entry china visa?
In Perth, Australia for one month: rent car or buy car?
Can I exit to India (Indian citizen) directly from Qatar (VISA on Arrival) & an UAE resident
Can I live on an unoccupied island?
Secondary school leaving certificate nostrification in Czech Republic
Anything to do for a 4h35 stopover in Guangzhou?
Baggage check through and transit visa requirements for Dubai and London
Is it possible to bring fudge from New Zealand to UK?
Ireland castle hotel options
UK Entry Stamp - different from a visa?
Can I create my own island nation?
What is the cheapest way to get from Amsterdam Schipol to Park&Ride (P&R) coach park at Zuiderzeeweg (Megabus Stop)
Travelling between the UK and Norway as an Australian citizen on a standard holiday visa
Is a tour of a US Embassy possible?
Do I have to validate train tickets in the UK?
How cheaply can we eat in Ireland while still experiencing traditional Irish foods?
What do I need to know about traveling to Dubai during Ramadan?
Canada to Mexico via USA: Do I need and ESTA or visa?
What does "NOLI" signify on a Cebu Air Pacific boarding pass?
Is it possible to extend my Schengen visa?
How can I extend my Schengen seafarer's visa?
How long should I schedule to travel from Manila to General Santos, Philippines?
Computer/Technology oriented tourist attractions
Schengen visa refusal through German consulate
How to rent a flat in France for about a month
Why is taxi fare (in the UK at least) the same price for 1 as for 4 people
Malaria pills needed for jungle trip in Chiang Mai?
How to tell how bad touts are for a given country?
Can I create a travel money card as tourist?
Paris with a less touristic neighborhood
What is the best way to travel cheap through Scotland?
Check ETA approval
Renting a car in Chile as US citizen?
Are there public bath etiquette to be aware of in Japan for foreign women?
Am I allowed stopover in Zurich airport without transit visa?
Seeking spreadsheet template for planning multiple people/city visits
What do Amadeus GDS itinerary header codes mean?
Locating a Notary Public in Cozumel Mexico
How long does it take for German consulates to process visa appeals?
Airlines with an emigrating allowance?
We want to travel from Greece to Paris with same Schengen visa
What are Android and/or iOS apps for public transit directions in Istanbul, Turkey?
What is the best way to get from Sabiha Gokcen International Airport (SAW) to the Taksim Square by public transport?
Olympic National Park Rain Forest in April
Will confiscation of over-the-limit alcohol prevent someone travelling to Cuba?
Could I use American Express rewards points for Eurostar
Luggage limit on Colombian buses?
Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary
Is it cheaper to buy flights from abroad?
What are my options to get from Vancouver to Seattle over the Easter weekend?
What is the minimum passport validity for traveling to Turkey?
Are you allowed to take pictures inside the Tomb of Ramesses?
Interesting walking activities in Narita on an overnight stop
Why do we fasten seatbelts for turbulence?
Boarding flight before 2 hours of visa date
How can I find a professional business trip guide in China?
Visa process Indian visiting Egypt
Expired UK passport number
Can ESTA holder do some remote work from US for a UK company?
Number of hours before the departure, that is safe be at an airport for an international flight
Do I get a free checked-in luggage item on this flight?
Where can I travel for prolonged periods of time while legally working remotely for a company in my home country?
How long to allow between arriving and getting a train from Stockholm Arlanda?
What does an Oyster £5 One Day Bus and Tram Pass look like?
Eindhoven public transport
Overstayed a visa in US, is it relevant to mention in a Schengen visa request?
Petrol price comparison in Europe. Which resources are there?
I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa
Which is the best exit from metro Montparnasse to get to Avenue du Maine northbound direction?
Where to stay in Isla de Coiba (Coiba Island)
Help with a Pay-As-You-Go mobil/data plan for Europe
Can I really finance a Silk Road trip, from India to the UK, by importing and selling the motorcycle?
Tier 4 Visa expiring in September 2015. Planning to go Europe in July. Can I apply back at home?
I have an Italian EU passport that expires October 2017, and I am planning to move to Germany in May 2015, can I get an early renewal on my passport?
Can I leave South Africa before my 90 days expire, and return after a few days to stay for another 90 days?
Can I enter the UK the day before the expiry date of my visa?
ATM fees in Turkey
Will unbooked Premium Tatkal tickets confirm my General Waiting List ticket?
Applying for a visa from outside country of origin
Roissybus - No more child fare, but how about baby?
Is not checking in any baggage suspicious?
Cancelling hotel after getting a visa?
Is it possible to travel from London to India while on an ICT visa in the UK?
Visiting Singapore on multiple entry visa, but staying in Johor. How many times can I cross Johor to Singapore
Training for 3 month and attending conference is elegible under VWP?
Does Ryanair serve alcohol on short flights (e.g. Dublin-London)?
Open gates on the Paris Metro
Can I use my Pasmo and/or Suica from Tokyo when traveling Fukuoka?
Walking the Caminito Del Rey, or part of it, with children
Is there a way to avoid extra scrutiny in India - Dubai flights?
Arrival and departure date records of people entering and departing France
Caught speeding in New Zealand
Why does my phone's GPS not work in China?
Two legs on different tickets with Turkish Airlines - is baggage checked through
Can I transfer from Heathrow T3 to T5 without a visa? I am a Philippine Passport holder
Cheap Internet access in Cuba for tourists?
Travel from Europe to Asia tickets
Temple visits in Kerala - can you visit them alone?
When does Immigration happen on leaving Australia
Immigration/customs during layover in Rome
What's the best way to buy Swedish Kronas from Brazil
Hiking trails on Bainbridge Island to see the skyline of Seattle?
Colombian entering Colombia on day of Colombian passport expiry date, could I be refused entry?
Can a Russian apply for European visa twice if he didn't go to the countries he applied to in the first?
Is it easy to enter the UK multiple times on the same Business Visitor Visa?
Are there actually accommodation options in Cần Thơ, Vietnam for less than USD $10?
Private lodging rental search engine
UK online visa application: travelling "with" someone who doesn't have visa "yet"
Travel within Schengen and Romania with French carte de séjour
If I know a flight is delayed can I turn up late for check-in at the airport?
How can we document the socio-professional standing required for a Schengen visa?
Returning to Schengen Area Visa Questions
Checking ski equipment on plane
Single parent entering Japan with 16 year old minor
Is there a way to search for the cheapest flights regardless of date?
Can a minor travel to the UK with an adult but return alone?
Applying for US visa in Belgium
Spain on Dec 26th - Jan 1st
What is the cheapest way to get from Tocumen airport to Albrook bus station?
Place with well-treated elephants in Ko Samui/Chiang Mai?
Uzbekistan-Kyrgyzstan border crossing by bus/train without passing Kazakhstan, possible?
Health Insurance for schengen visa?
How to access Heathrow Terminal 3 duty free zone without a plane ticket?
Where to drive an old car in Havana
Where is the jetty where you take the boat to visit the Embera communities?
Do I need to notify Irish authorities when I leave on a working holiday?
One ticket bought with miles on multi- carrier; how to buy the same ticket for a spouse?
Funding friend's visit to UK from USA
Batteries in baggage / cabin baggage (US Airways)
Greek Blue Paper
Do I need a multiple-entry visa for an intra-Schengen layover?
Cruising with an infant
What's the emergency number (the 911 equivalent) in Israel?
Which sights are open late in Paris?
Can I rent a car in Paris without a credit card?
Authentic (non-touristic) places, where Italians eat, in Verona and Venezia
Transiting at Kuala Lumpur
Stopover in Heathrow, do I have to secure any kind of UK visa
If I get a visa for France, will my time in France still count towards the 90/180 day Schengen limit?
Kosovo Identity card
Can a rip on a suitcase be repaired with iron-on patches?
What do I need to know to rent a car in Panama?
Can I travel into the U.S. with nexus even though my passport has expired?
Delayed departure while on ESTA
SA in UK require French Schengen
Will TfL's plan to close all Tube ticket offices affect (US) tourists?
Returning to UK using C Business Visitor Visa
Regarding quota percentage in counter booking
What gesture to make when hitchhiking in Iran?
New Zealander travelling to Canada— return ticket requirements?
Proof of Accommodation for summer festivals
Tour: SanFrancisco, LA, SanDiego, Las Vegas, Grand Canyon -> insider sights
Visa with recent activity?
Applying for a UK visa while in the process of separating from my wife
How do I book without forced penalty?
Do Croatia, Serbia and Romania still stamp passports (travel from the EU)?
Airport for Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks?
UK visa refusal for not showing strong family ties in Nigeria
Misspelled middle name in passport
Finding Flights to One of Many Cities
Are there countries where people of a particular religion are refused entry?
Bank balance for Schengen visa?
Booking website has changed a part of my flight, can I ask a full refund?
Travelling from the UK to Spain, have lost passport, any ideas?
UK Tourist Visa for Indian Citizens from Paris
What areas to avoid in Amsterdam for a family-friendly visit
Game of Thrones in Dublin
Driving time around Iceland
Iceland in March
Any trouble at Florida customs for not paying a California speeding ticket from 5 years ago?
70 minutes Layover at LAX
Where might I observe people sneaking across the Vietnam-Cambodian border illegally?
Re filling out ESTA - On the form do I say yes to transit or no?
What are the current requirements and process of obtaining a multiple-entry Chinese visa for an Australian citizen in Ho Chi Minh City?
From Kurfürstendamm to Europarc Dreilinden
Lost passport and overstaying in Kuwait?
Chicago ORD Airport Hotels Shuttle Services and Transportation
How can I, a permanent resident of Canada, get an Emergency UK visa to visit sick nephew?
Russian visa in one day for US Citizens in Europe
Where is exactly the place of Winterfell from Game of Thrones?
Do I need an ESTA to enter the US with the Victoria Clipper ferry?
Could I reach Ichkeul national park with public transportation?
How do I book a one-way ticket from Paris (CDG) to Toronto (YYZ) from Paris?
How to clean drug misdemeanor in US so I don't get stopped at border every time?
Schengen air travel confirmation and private aircraft
To Apply for a visa: need "one-year health insurance" - but can only book insurance for 365 days
Multiple-entry Schengen visa for Indian citizens having UK visitor visa
Schengen visa 90/180 rule question
Buy and taste tea in China
Where might I observe refugees escaping across the North Korea-China or North Korea Russia border illegally?
Surname and Given name swapped in new passport
How much cash to carry for a conference in the Netherlands?
Had to buy return tickets at the time of travel into Poland
How to decline CDW and LDW when booking a car online?
Airport options for trip to Genoa and Verona
Getting Dutch Schengen visa from the Italian embassy
Tokyo's Keikyu Airport Line transit question
TSA requirements regarding ID
ID for TSA regarding name on boarding pass
Is there any reason to get a United Club subscription rather than the United Club card?
Can I be prosecuted in a European country while on vacation?
Can one travel with xerox copy of photo iD
Australian and British defacto couple travelling in the EU
How much extra time to allow in Dublin Airport for US pre-clearance?
Applying for a B2 cohabitating visa with previous overstay as a minor
Pick up a package in the US sent from abroad
What is needed in order to apply for a "follow your husband" visa?
Can we go outside from airport in India if we have connecting flights for USA?
Are there accommodation embargoes for booking in Iran?
Can I transit through UK using Business Visitor Visa?
Can I convince embassies to accept my overpaid credit card as a proof of funds?
How is Delta's MQM minimum per leg affected by fare class?
Is there an app for Android to look for flights with a "go anywhere" option search?
Traveling with a lot of luggage at Heathrow - getting help?
In transit in US, or not, for ESTA?
Extending visitor stay in the US
Can US tourist visa program be used after student exchange visa after visiting Canada and coming back to USA as tourist?
Why does luggage need to be rechecked across two American carriers?
What does the flight jargon "fare class" actually mean? Is it the same as either "fare basis (code)" or "travel class"?
How long does it take for a UK Visa application in New Delhi?
Schengen Visa: Itinerary change after visa issued
I have a multiple-entry Schengen visa issued by Switzerland, can I come back home and then go to France?
Travelling to Amsterdam with Multi Schengen visa. Can I visit Frankfurt on transit first?
How to change flight dates without paying a high price?
Having a Skype (video/voice) in public in Paris
What is the cheapest and fastest way of traveling between Liege and Paris with deterministic travelling times?
Is autolib' a good mode of transportation for tourists in terms of available drop-off points
Cheapest and fastest land ways to travel from Cologne to Prague?
Wild Camping in Poland
Taking everyday medicine to Australia - do I need documentation for these?
I'm a Malaysian, lost passport in Italy and want to continue my trip on an emergency travel doc
Which airline companies never overbook their flights?
What is the difference between a tatkal and premium tatkal ticket in Indian Railways?
Long stopover in Canada flying from Riyadh to Orlando. Do I need a visa to enter Canada as a Jordanian citizen?
Where is this on highway 24/highway 12 in Utah?
Philippine passport w/ U.S. Permanent Resident Card (GreenCard) - need Visa to travel to Canada?
Traveling to Mexico on B1/B2 VISA
change of itinerary
Booked two separate accommodations after getting a visa, is it a problem?
Change in itinerary after getting a Schengen visa: Addition of a country
Orlando ESTA Visa Waiver
Belgium visa but travelling to Italy
Which airlines with routes connecting Vietnam and China have free cancellations and can be booked online?
UK visa refused (Pakistani nationals) due to funds parking - need advice on fresh application
Single entry schengen visa for a cruise?
Are there drinking water fountains airside at London City Airport?
What style of bathroom facilities are in Hong Kong hotels?
Restroom facilities near Saint Chad's Well (Sacred Spring in England)
Is it possible to book return but travel oneway?
Are there any websites listing travel deals originating in Denmark and Sweden?
Having a pleasant dining experience in a hotel with a baby?
Leave the US permanently 60 days then fly back to Mexico for a month before reenter US, is it possible?
Connecting flight,stop over to Canada,do I need a USVisa?
Can I change my flight dates after I get my Schengen visa?
Travelling to the UK as a South African citizen - evidence for funds?
Can my US passport be denied if I lost it more than three times?
Getting from Dublin Airport to Dublin Ferryport by public transport?
Can I buy (liquid) duty free at Dublin airport, before going through pre-clearance?
How much should I expect to pay to declare goods I'm carrying, during check-in
Bring two handbags worth $400 into India duty free
Entering the UK as a tourist after recently visiting as a student visitor?
Where is the ferris wheel in Sinuiju, North Korea?
B-2 visa application
Is my toothbrush plug compatible with UK bathroom socket?
Turkish Airlines Baggage Allowance
Do I need to change my ESTA address when visiting the US?
Is a picnic at the Chateau de Versailles possible?
Is an open-ended ticket more practical than a one-way ticket for touring China?
Where to buy unlocked smartphone in Japan?
Difference in mineral bottled water price between European countries
UK Standard Visitor Visa refused for my spouse because she couldn't demonstrate herself as a genuine visitor. What are my options?
Renting a car from Detroit to Tennessee or Florida
Birth certificate problem for passport - two different locations?
Tourist on ICT Short term visa?
Appropriate clothing for Pantanal in Brasil during the dry season
Crossing from Canada to the USA without a passport on public transit?
The meaning of UK dependent visa application centre correspondence?
What can I do one day in Tehran?
Cycling safety in Romania / Poland
UK and France visa
Can a Brazilian citizen enter the country with a visa on a foreign passport?
Vacation in Dubai, then Seychelles, returning through Dubai. Will I need more than 1 visa (to Dubai)?
Do electronics bought airside have to be fully charged?
US visa from Bangkok, Thailand and wish to visit another country
Where can I store my bag in Boston for an hour or two?
Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa?
Hiking around Vancouver, Canada?
On United's PQD Requirement for Non-US Denizens
Driving 12 passenger van in UK
How long can I visit the UK within one year's time?
Mostly-unlimited-data SIM cards for US citizens going to the EU?
Taizé prayer in Vienna: where?
Meaning of the “Have you ever been refused entry or deported from any country, including Singapore?” question
Entering Schengen area 5 days before the Visa date starts
Entering US from Canada by bus (VWP citizen)
Pakistan offers a visa on arrival to Turkish tourists holding a Schengen/UK/US visa. What if I am a dual Turkish/British citizen?
Can I book a tatkal ticket in Indian Railways online?
ESTA US Application
What is the most convenient possibility to rent a kayak for the Allier?
Single Schengen Visa Entrance
Can 180 days Spanish student visa holder depart from another Schengen state?
Amsterdam To Rotterdam by train
Is it legal to bring Hentai/Yaoi from Japan to Europe (EEA)?
Aunt travelling with a 2 year old but not the parents
Will my passport get stamped? Flying JFK>SVO>MAD
Do I need a transit visa in India if I don't have any checked luggage?
Tipping for free drinks in the USA?
Schengen visa, in refugee travel document from USA
Is there a standard for air temperature within an aircraft?
Do code share flights yield less/more miles?
Where can I rent a suit for a wedding in Tehran, Iran?
UK visa "resolved" vs. ready to collect
Travel options from nuremberg to Seattle
hi I have six month UK tourist visa. coming may I plan to visit London.
Married to an Italian citizen, but I need to go to Germany alone, do I need a visa?
Different Details on Previous Passport
What is "employer letter" for Schengen when I'm in college?
What is good accommodation for festival (camp or hostel)?
How to apply for a Schengen visa when not having a specific plan in advance?
Transit visa through Gatwick
What's a good location to stargaze in Auckland?
Can existing C-VISIT Visa be used for Business from April 2015 onwards?
Transit visa for Australia
Where is the official Iranian Railways website?
Prepaid SIM card in France with Free mobile
Traveling to UK on visit visa as a Syrian citizen?
How old does a child need to be to sit separately from parents when flying?
Can you get a USA visa and enter the country if you already have an Iranian visa in your passport
Covering Letter for Europe stay
Can I attend a conference on a tourist visa in Vietnam?
Where can a tourist to Malta ride an articulated bus?
Lebara roaming is apparently free, what is the catch?
B-1/B-2 visa vs J-1 visa
Was it legal to restrict access to USA when holding a valid ESTA and visiting Canada for 6 months?
Hotel voucher for applying for a Schengen visa in New York City, USA (email confirmations not acceptable)
Do i need a transit visa
Passport information needed when booking an international flight
Transferring between British Airways and Delta at LHR - T5 to T3 - is 2h30 sufficient?
How close to the end of my Vietnam tourist visa can I still get an extension (through an agent)?
Are there any parts of the 9th arrondissement in Paris that is known to be unsafe?
Is India's Jet Airways considered a budget airline?
31 days in Indonesia
Visiting Denmark with a prior overstay
How to find and compare flights carried out by a specific type of plane?
One way trip from Tel Aviv to Petra and more in Jordan?
Lufthansa flight - Manchester to Ankara connecting at Munich. Do I go through security again?
Japanese ryokan with a baby of 20 month
Ridiculous and unreasonable taxes for used electronic devices in europe
Traveling fom the US to Japan, could I bring my own phone?
Train interruption - Belgium Intercity
Availability of expedited visa processing for South African applying for Australia visitor visa
What makes vaccinations "recommended"? (for Philippines)
Does Schengen visa proof of transport requirement include travel inside Europe?
will my visa be refused due to my history of being refused entry to the uk?
What "Reason for refusal" to give in visa form when reapplying for a Standard Visitor visa?
How long should I wait before applying for a visa after being refused entry?
It has been recorded that I lied to the Immigration Officer, but I didn't. How can I fix this?
Is it permitted to attend to a programming conference under the tourist Schengen visa?
Can I apply for UK tourist visa from France if I have a Schengen visa issued by Germany?
How to calculate when Ramadan finishes?
Does my Emirates flight from London to Dubai fly over Syria?
How early before departure can I reserve train tickets in the UK?
Visiting South Africa twice for 90 days while I wait for my study permit?
Spanish student travelling to Ypres holding only a Spanish ID Card and no passport
2h 15min to change plane & rechecking bag on different tickets in Sydney - Anything to improve my timing?
Slovenia as the point of entry for schengen visa multiple entry and suggested trips
Connecting through UK when between UK visas
How do western people perceive Indians worshipping cows in Hindu temples?
Can I stay in Zurich airport If I get there before my visa starts?
Liability of passenger on airline ticket purchased by another person
Meeting friends at Heathrow in transit
Do I need a transit visa in Switzerland?
Where in London should you bring a fan of the band Madness?
Can an Indian obtain a US visa for Apple's WWDC in June 2015?
Boston to Europe and back, mixed fare?
Why does Airbnb show restricted search results when logged-in?
Expired Israeli student visa - returning to Israel on this?
Should I expect þingvellir to be snowcovered early May?
Do the 90 Days on my VWP/ESTA pause when I am in Canada?
Want to go to Visit Russia but Can I board the plane from Delhi, India, instead of Dhaka Bangladesh?
Standard Visitor visa application in The Philippines submitted with error
Traveling with luggage in Machu Picchu region and avoiding altitude sickness
Arriving at night before Schengen visa valid date?
Accommodation options in London for three months in summer
I pay triple the price originating a flight from US, (L.A.- Amsterdam) versus the opposite (Am-L.A)
Hitchhike from Montreal to San Francisco
Transiting via Moscow & Havana
St.Pancras to King's Cross
Why do cities impose a tourist tax?
Source of travel funds when applying for a UK visa as a married couple
how do immigration of some country check your travel history for migration verification?
Should I purchase train tickets between Milan Malpensa Airport and Florence on the day or book them in advance?
What is the best way to get Mexican Pesos from Canadian Dollars?
Schengen visa: Interrupted stay
I renewed my passport, can I still use my valid US B1/B2 visa if it is stamped on the old passport?
Croatia - Pula/Porec taxi prices
Buying Mozart balls at a decent price in Vienna
Valid USA Visa Barcode Corner Cut
If I use TSA Pre-Check, can I still enter security through the first class line?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
Required documents for minor U.S. citizen entering and returning from Canada
Any site for booking travel tickets for visa without paying?
Do I require a transit visa for Cuba?
Converting patronymic names to surnames
Will I have to recheck my bags?
Western Europe Lonely Planet Travel Guide for a trip from Paris to Milan for Expo Milano
Will I be allowed into Thailand with less than six months on my New Zealand passport?
Does my Australian friend need my passport and visa information if he buys my ticket?
Alcohol limitations crossing into Canada from U.S
Can I still use my US tourist visa if I depart from a different country to that where I obtained my visa from?
Flight rescheduled, what are my options?
Is the train station of Aiguafreda, Spain ever served?
How do I explore the Black Sea Coast between Georgia and Istanbul?
Visa requirements for Jamaica for an Indian citizen with a US visitor visa
How many visas are required to visit Kazakhstan (from India)?
Ireland Transit Visa when flying from IND - Abu Dhabi - Dublin - US
How Can I see the Bus Schedule for Bus 150 Bad Ischl to Salzburg
Is it safer to travel with another person when hitchhiking in western Europe?
Checking In Luggage During Intermediate Leg
What's the best way to go to Barcelona from Madrid?
Are there any Canadian credit cards that offer medical insurance for 30 days for the secondary user?
Where is the quietest place on Earth?
Differences between travel insurance issued by a credit card as opposed to an insurance company?
Applying for a Schengen Visa as a visiting student in UK
How is Schengen area revisited at end of six months?
Is there a way to find an aircraft's statistics?
Having previously overstayed my Hong-Kong visa, will I be allowed to re-enter for business a year later?
What are some remote places to live with reliable (wired) high-speed broadband internet?
Schengen visa single entry from Hungary
Getting around Germany (flight / travel strategy)
Eurail Global Pass - Is it valid for travel within city local transport?
If I am on a business visa to UK from India and want to travel to Italy, which visas to apply for?
Traveling in US while transit visa
How I find the BA-equivalent booking reference for an American Airlines-managed reservation?
Mobile Phone Plan for Norway and Europe
Multiple-entry visas on arrival in Kathmandu
How am I supposed to combine items from Italian restaurant menus?
What are the English laws on bringing pets into the country?
Travelling through the Schengen area with a Refugee Travel Document issued by the USA
Do I pay for my ticket when I purchase it online or do I pay when I go to the airport on the day of the flight?
Day Room At or Near Frankfurt Airport
Summer Sea Travel from Dubrovnik to Split
about overstay in denmark
Lisbon: Getting from the airport to city center
What happens if you don't pay the Panamá exit tax?
Deutsche Bahn: Reliable wifi on train?
UK transit visa for Greek resident permit holder
Is it still allowed to travel to the US without booking hotels in advance?
is 35 minutes enough time for a legal layover in Brussels airport
How can I find out what type of train is used for a Shinkansen service?
Where exactly is this building located in Cuba?
Does the 24h/48h/72h JUMP pass for Brussels need a MOBIB card?
UK Exit Checks: Are people driving via Eurotunnel/Ferry affected?
I am American with passport having layover in Istanbul for 20 hours. Do I need Visa?
Buy map in Beijing
Is Christmas and New Year a good time to spend in Cape Town, South Africa?
Can visiting saunas make me more prepared for heat in desert and tropics?
Do I need an appostile when providing documents for a Danish short-term visa?
What is the cheapest way for 2 Australians to travel from New Orleans (or Miami) to Cuba?
Domestic to International Transfer at Sydney
Place to leave my luggage in Barcelona for one night and get it back early in the morning
Visit USA west-coast in camper
Is there a free public outdoor gym somewhere in Dalat, Vietnam?
How can I get from Ventimiglia to Antibes at night?
Paris & a cruise?
Schengen visa refused two times by the French consulate, how to appeal?
I am unable to pay the heavy amount of custom duty - now what will happen to that parcel?
How do trams solve the problem of getting too close to each other due to road jams?
Immersion at St Helen's Spring (Sacred Spring in England)
Send package from China to Europe
Are Turkey Black Sea beaches suitable for bathing in summer?
Does anybody know car-hire small companies in Paris that accept debit cards?
Any sites/apps for sharing and rating hiking/hillwalking routes?
Dependent children deported from in UK visa form
From Beijing international airport to Great Wall of China at midnight
Lockers in China
How can one travel between terminals at Noi Bai (Hanoi) airport?
How can I get from the Rotterdam cruise port to the Rotterdam Centraal train station using public transport?
Where was this place in Barcelona?
Is 1h10m enough time to transfer at Dublin airport?
Transit visa requirement. EgyptAir Mumbai to Toronto via Cairo
Google Flights flight cannot be found
Transfer from domestic flight to US-bound flight in Nassau Airport
Do I need a transit visa in Amsterdam going from Philippines to Greece, if travelling on a (government) official passport?
Is there secure bicycle parking at the Reading train station?
Thalys surcharge with "Any Dutch Station" ticket
Food in hand luggage
Is a visa required for Indian citizen with work permit in Denmark to visit UK?
Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application?
Travelling with ESTA, 1h30min in JFK connection flight
Walking tours in Holland
Do you have to use the whole ticket
Images of Chinese logograms (characters) for traveler
Travelling through Ecuador by train
Can airport security find a waterskin?
Romanian Visa Rules for New Zealand citizen
Using squat toilets with arthritic knees
Food Allergies in Europe
US citizen from parents, no proof of citizenship. Can I reenter the US from Mexico?
How to enjoy the Tokyo nightlife?
How do I find out practical information (lines, timetables, frequencies, maps, etc) about the SNCB network in the Bruxelles-Capitale region?
How do you buy the right train ticket in the UK?
Running in Da Nang, Vietnam
What is a good Lake District base for hiking?
Entry requirements to Dominican Republic for US F1 visa student
I lost my passport which had my u.s stamp on it, will my new one have it ? I have a copy of my old passport #, does that help?
What are the parking regulations in Brooklyn?
Do I need to book a taxi before arriving at Paris La Défense?
Finding connections list of US flights
How can an international student move his stuff to New York from TOronto
Hiking Bryce/Zion/Moab in mid-June
Ryanair seating allocation
What is the Known Traveler Number on the Global Entry Card
Are governments limited in staff they can deploy to a consulate?
How long should it take to get a Russian passport?
Do you need rain boots for June in Paris?
Is soy milk easy to get in Western Europe?
Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?
Who is responsible for flight delays caused by emergencies?
UK General visitor visa without professional situation, is my husband's situation sufficient?
Renting a car with automatic transmission in Paris
I am a resident of a non-Schengen country flying to the US via Dublin and Zurich. Do I need a Visa?
Heathrow to Oxford without going through London
Can I buy a VIA Rail bike box without travelling by VIA Rail?
Why does each consul general have a specific service area?
Do I need to reserve ICE train from Germany to Belgium with first-class rail pass?
Proof of expenses for a Schengen visa
Easy way to get from Kanchanaburi to Thong Pha Phum National Park?
Curfew - Is walking on the street in Tokyo legal after 11.00 pm if you're under 18?
How to buy tickets for Stockholm metro?
Incomplete itinerary on Chinese visa form
Is a biometric passport required for layover in the USA?
How do I get a self-addressed envelope from Canada to USA?
Micro SIM 3G for iPad in Vienna?
Travelling in India in the second half of July. Can I be affected by the monsoon?
Late night buses from Helsinki airport to Turku in December?
I'm planning to visit a summer school in the Schengen zone. What kind of visa should I apply for?
Is carrying your own food allowed in Keukenhof?
Using 2 Passports
Do I need to check out and check in my baggage in Toronto, which is where my layover is
Can I See Three Chicago Museums in One Day?
Prepaid SIM card (USA) for Samsung Galaxy?
ESTA is valid but the Visa was denied- can I travel to the USA?
Renting a flat in Montenegro
UK Citizen travelling in and out of Thailand over a 31/32 day window: what visa will I need?
Type C Schengen visa refused after a failed application for a spouse visa
Understanding the Washington DC Metro Ticket Machines
Non-EU spouse of EU citizen travelling to Australia with the EU residence and travel document
Refusal of Tourist Schengen VISA - Twice - Italy Embassy
No-pictures buildings in Japan (shooting from street forbidden by law)
Why is it sometimes difficult to get a receipt for a flight
Non-EU spouse of EU citizen traveling to UK for tourism purpose!
Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba?
How to ensure four months stay in USA when on a visit visa?
What's the difference in regulations for 5-year vs. 10-year passport in Russia?
Will Amtrak honor a saver ticket from an earlier station when other saver tickets are sold out?
Entering the UK as a tourist after expired work visa
Which Beaches in the Canary Islands are Closed Due to the Oleg Naydenov Oil Spill?
Changing accommodation after interview for a Schengen visa
Do I need transit visa?
How to get to Mendocino CA from Seattle?
Luggage transfer in Hong Kong enroute to Canada?
UK immigration check at airport
Schengen visa: Staying one day longer since the visa is still valid
Overstaying 90 day limit in Norway with long-term residence from EU country
Travel from Lisbon to Tbilisi, through Amsterdam and Kiev
Do I need to inform anyone that I plan to stay on after my week's holiday to America?
UK visit visa after Schengen visa
Schengen Visa - 2 Entries - 60 Days
Transiting in Kathmandu in aftermath of earthquake
Long-term visit visa for UAE: after which date should I leave?
Where does one go through customs when transferring in the EU/Schengen?
Can a US citizen entering the EU in Germany travel through Switzerland without further ado?
Is it possible to apply for Russian passport by mail/internet in North America?
Potentially damaged US passport - okay to travel on?
Long transit at Munich airport—10 hours: Can i go out, and how do I make a reservation for a Napcab or Lounge to sleep?
Gifts to take from US to Sweden
Travel agent took payment now wants more money or canceling flights?
When changing airlines on different tickets, do I have to go through customs in Oslo?
Russian Visa Duration
Train prices in Montenegro
Personal vacation/Tourism on EU blue card
Myself and my immediate family UK General Visitor visa was refused for insufficient funds evidence
Cities close to Stockholm to visit in a day
Non-EU citizen applying EU Tourist visa with German Diplomat Spouse
With a single-entry Schengen visa from Germany can I take a flight to Paris?
General visit visa Validity time
Wrong card holder entry
Applying for a Schengen visa with UK visa expiring in less than 3 months?
Traveling via Dubai without Visa
Are there any travel cards for European Citizens?
Emirates meals BHX to KUL via DXB
At JFK, can you move between terminals airside on domestic flights?
UK Standard Visitor Visa refusal for lack of evidence on funds - how to reapply?
Is it safe to visit Nepal now since the trip is non refundable?
Around the world trip, is there a way to simplify the visa gathering?
Living in Canada - quick USA trips?
I want to go to Las Vegas this weekend, but my Mexican passport expired in March, would I have problems?
Transit through Muscat airport with 2 different tickets and two different airlines, do I need a visa?
Driving a rental car accross the Croatia-Montenegro border and back
When visiting on a double- or multiple- entry visa, does China stamp your passport for each entry and each exit?
Looking for information on Nachi-no-Hi Matsuri 14 july
What is the most cost effective way of exchanging currency in Cuba?
Bringing shrink-wrapped cheese through Australian Customs?
What happens when an airline carries a passenger with the wrong classification of visa?
Is the South Africa border control able to cross-reference dual citizen passports (USA & Spain)?
South Africa overstay-undesirable waiver processing time
South African living in UK, need a Schengen visa. Where do we apply please? SA consulate or country of visit?
Is it common practice for customs agents to see travel funds before allowing me to board for trip to United States
Can I travel by car or van with unusual objects like furniture?
Quickest Schengen visa in Atlanta
When do roads close for a Giro d'Italia stage?
App where one can specify transit city
Leaving Singapore the day after visa period ends
Re-entering Schengen
Travel in Schengen countries on Visa Valid for Deutschland and Type D
Crossing sea border between Montenegro and Croatia
Transit Visas for South Africa Undesirable-Overstay Tourists
How to find a Thomas Cook flight number?
Can I bring a skillet with me as a carry-on item?
Half day in Dublin for oldies
Need to get out of the airport during a 4 hour layover in Dubai?
Australia ETA (Evisitor)
Can I stay in UK after finishing my short English language courses?
Travel to Italy Via Germany Using US Refugee Travel Document
Receiving a refund for AA Transportation Vouchers after using them for a flight paid with a credit card
Can you walk across the Queensboro bridge to Roosevelt Island?
Berlin to Göttingen by Train or Bus
Travel within EU Schengen area with lost residence permit card abroad
Schengen area 90 days limit: Can I leave on the 91st day?
US trip planning suggestion
How early before departure can I reserve train tickets in France?
Passenger Name - Flight Booking Passenger only have First Name in Passport
Where do I have to go through customs for an international flight if I have a layover? PDX to ATL to Argentina for example
Travel protection bag OK at airport?
Communicating in Tokyo without Japanese
India airports post-immigration xray check purpose?
Can I carry more luggage volumes with the same weight
Are there any hostels in Iran?
How soon can I re-apply for a UK visa after getting a refusal?
Non-commercial long 7 day retreats in Japan?
Getting a very short visitor visa for the US as an Indian citizen
Visa free multiple entry into the Philippines
As a family member of EEA, do I still need a visa to go to Ireland?
Advantages of not carrying both passports when traveling
China Invitation Letter of Duly Authorized Unit
Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?
Is it now possible to visit the UK for tourism on an exsiting multiple entry business visa?
Proof of Funds for Canadian Visa
Cash limit counting in traveling to US
Can't book company reserved seats for spouse
First-time Chinese visa applicant needing to apply at a Chinese consulate in Canada
Stay in Berlin for one night near Tegel airport
Can an 'over-stayed' stamp from one country affect my ability to travel to other countries?
UK Visa Refusal: Can I Reapply and What Should I Change? What Documents Should I Use?
What's the closest one can get to North Korea from the South on public road?
Affordable and accessible accommodation options with car parking near Paris?
Can I change our assigned seats on our TGV Atlantic train itinerary?
Dual citizenship
When someone in India asks for my "Good Name", what are they expecting?
Why do shops within airport terminals scan your boarding card?
Trouble regarding Booking Tickets
Car rental insurance in US with Canadian hired car
Finding full text of fare rules if I have the fare basis code
Literary Pilgrimage to Top Withens, Yorkshire (Wuthering Heights)
Is Indian food easily available in European countries?
Florida → Cuba ferries are starting soon - but when?
Time allowance for a layover in Oslo with Norwegian Air
Refused entry to UK, not sure what to do
Travel to Sweden: What is the best way to pay for things?
How reliable is the Cuban public transport network?
Can I climb all the hills in Macau?
I want a UK Standard Visitor visa but I am travelling alone
Is a visa required to tour Amsterdam via KLM flight?
Baggage wrapping facilities at Chicago O'Hare airport
do i need a visa for a stopover to dubai for less than 7hrs en route to indonesia,
Can I travel by plane with my residence permit, ID card, Geprivelgeerde Dutch card from Holland to Budapest, with my expired passport?
Visa-free travel to South Korea for Filipino citizens holding an Australian visa
Is UK Transit Visa required?
Travelling back to India with a phone purchased (and unboxed) in Netherlands
Cost for senders when receiving texts in Belgium on a US or Belgian SIM card
Can I apply for Schengen visa from London as foreigner?
What should be my expectations for airfare to France?
Wearing makeup in the amazon (Ecuador)?
Reapplying UK General Visitor visa
Can anybody recommend some organic farms for volunteering on the Canary Islands?
Day trip to castle(s) when staying in Bucharest
Entry and exit stamps in Schengen-UK-Schengen
Where can I learn about the earthquake and reconstruction of Christchurch?
Traveling to Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore on Canadian Passport without tourist visa
Rental car from Dublin to Scotland and return
Is advance booking required for ferries from China to South Korea?
Is advanced booking required for ferries from South Korea to Japan
Is it common for travel agents to ask for credit card scans?
Rabies vaccine booster dose in Indonesia?
TSA Precheck on all connecting flights
Doing both business and pleasure activities on a pure B1 visa
Refused business visitor but have Family visitor visa?
Traveling to UK with expiring Italian residence permit (waiting for renewal)
Scientific short stay work (Schengen) visa in France but enter Italy first?
What is the cheapest/safest way to ship a box to Japan from USA
Do the SNCF fidelity "points monnaie" expire when switching status?
Where can I apply for a Portuguese visa as a resident of Scotland?
Use of scientific visa (schengen short stay scientist work visa issued by France) for tourism related travel to italy
Where can I spend time in an anechoic chamber?
I want to stay in UK for a year as my partner has a job there
Clearest water beach close to Athens (Greece)
Is there a German student visa that lasts for several years?
Do I need to check out and check in again in transit airport?
Change of main destination after Schengen visa is issued
Is there luggage reclaim before passport control for a transit at CDG, Paris?
Physical (demanding) activities in Berlin
How to get to Hong Kong airport early morning from Yuen Long?
I've lost my South African passport and I had a German visa cause I've statyed in Berlin for a year, what must I do?
Reusing a Schengen visa for another purpose
Reserving a bassinet for a flight not bought directly from airline
Schengen 90/180 rule question
Bringing carseat on flight
Can I use print copy of online bank statement for Schengen visa from Italy?
British citizen, why does my South-African wife need a visa to visit me in the UK?
Learning Russian versus Mongolian for visiting Mongolia
Why is the Lonely Planet Mongolian phrasebook so small?
Exact current information on "missing a return flight"?
Connection from Gatwick airport to Paddington station
Which street should we take a stroll down to get to the lake from the Thompson Hotel?
Transport services from Gatwick to London
Turkey Visit Visa
Can I register a Private visa in Russia though not staying with the person who issued the invitation?
Is it possible to visit Russia and never register my visa if I frequently change cities?
How much Indian currency can I carry to Thailand from India?
Departing from India, foreign currency withdrawn abroad
Trains in Armenia and Iran
Train trip duration from Zürich to Milano in the 1920s
Is there a Sim Card with reasonably priced local calls working across South America?
Traveling inside the U.S. with a tourist visa from 3 years ago
Can we undergo US Immigration checks at Heathrow?
Your travel itinerary: is booking obligatory?
How to behave in a museum?
What would happen if an invitation letter for Poland is ‘cancelled’?
What happens if you buy 3 Greyhound tickets for yourself (in the US) that you swipe your card at the kiosk to print out?
Berlin to Göttingen by train - which Berlin station to use?
Identification card for foreigners in trains in Germany
Walking experience in Berlin
How long between Singapore tourist visas?
Refused Entry to UK. Will this affect my Student Visa application?
Leaving the country when applied for EAD
I topped up my oyster using cash and forgot to retap
Re-entry into Israel as tourist (Australian citizen)
Can friends use my DB online ticket if I hand them my credit card?
One-way flight much more expensive than double-way: what is the official airlines' explanation?
Has United recently changed calculating miles based on distance to based on fare?
schengen visa refusal for italy
Canadian citizen (but not resident), do I need an ESTA to travel to the USA from Belgium?
Malaysia Visa Run
What are the best ways to travel indefinitely for a non-USA/EU citizen that has a guaranteed monthly income?
Multiple border crossings between Canada and USA
Bringing a lock knife into the UK with British Airways
Traveling From Pittsburgh To London via United Airlines
Best rock climbing places near Paris (France)
What does "Resident" mean in the context of car rental in US?
Renting a Manual Car in the US
How to keep chocolate from melting when bringing it for a flight?
Visa Information (Schengen Application, Enlargement Members)
How do I carry parrots on an Indian Railway train?
Intra-EU flight cancelled <48 hours from departure, should you be able to ask for rebooking onto a different airline?
How to make change (to get coins from a banknote) in Italy?
How common is open carry of firearms in the USA?
Type C schengen visa overlap
Can this multiple-entry Chinese visa still be used?
How can I know in advance which areas of Vietnam I'm not allowed to travel in, or need a permit, as a foreigner?
Travel from Incheon International Airport (Seoul) to Daejeon?
Are there any car rentals in Europe that can be picked up in one country and dropped off in another?
Is there a difference in insurance coverage when booking cars through Priceline/Hotwire, rather than booking directly on the rental company's website?
What happens if I don't use my Indian visa? Is it likely to cause problems in future?
Do US citizens need to purchase US health insurance while traveling abroad, under the rules of the Affordable Care Act?
Will stay less than 90 days in Germany, but will work there, what kind of visa do I need?
Dubrovnik Airport Luggage Storage
Strategy to improve seats on a flight?
What to do if airline persistently doesn't respond to complaint?
From Brussels to Rotterdam: Intercity or Thalys?
What is the purpose of this cloth in hotel?
Internal train travel in France - cheaper on day, or when pre-booked from UK?
What are the cheapest sailing options to go from Harbour Island to Nassau?
Visitor visa invitation letter original or scanned copy?
What is an Irish biometric visa?
What are the restrictions on United when applying credit from a cancelled flight?
Where to practice violin 5 hours every day in Paris?
UK Standard Visitor Visa refusal due to unclear sponsorship - how to reapply?
UK Visa Appointment Refund
Is it possible to receive a Schengen visa as an unemployed person if I have a sponsor?
How long does it take to get a transit visa to travel through Canada?
Schengen visa waiver for US citizens after residence permit expires?
Want to meet arriving passenger inside airport before immigration (SIN airport)
Is camping still permitted in Zzyzx?
Is there a way to find out meal timing in a long-haul flight?
Can you apply for a new Russian passport at any time?
Can I fly with my friend on the outbound flight, if we have a separate return flight?
Do I need a rabies vaccination for Central America?
Killing 11 hours time in Heathrow, London Airport
Meal times in Ireland
American citizen travelling to London from Ghana - do I need a UK visa?
UK Family visa refused because I couldn't demonstrate my brother is our dependent. How to reapply?
Lost US citizenship certificate, have no U.S. passport - can I travel internationally?
Can I see the American Airlines upgrade list on their website?
Explanation for apparent fires visible from plane over Iran
Do I need a transit visa for transit flight from Vienna to New Delhi for Indian citizens?
Travelling on my UK visa
What do the dashes close to each other near French freeway exits mean?
Is medical insurance mandatory for entering the Schengen area if you are not required to have a visa?
Air travel with a competition sword?
Can I get a Lao visa on arrival when crossing the border from Vietnam at Bo Y / Phou Keua?
What Vancouver car rental companies allow their rental cars to enter the US?
Kuwaiti Travelling to Alaska
List of street art in George Town (Penang)
Is there a South African equivalent to Greggs?
Can I change terminals to have access to Lounges at Heathrow without a transit visa
What to do with the water served with hot chocolate in Italy?
What kind of hat to wear for business in India?
Same-sex marriage in Paris?
Break journey on train from Nice to Eze
Jeddah - Costa Rica then return via Costa Rica - Madrid - Jeddah, will I need a visa for Spain?
Expedia Bargain Fare: can you cancel within 24 hours?
How much is the departure tax when leaving Cartagena, Colombia by air? (CTG)
I did not receive visa papers when entering Mexico and have a flight in 2 weeks. Can I exit and re-enter through Guatemala to fix this?
Is it OK to play the piano housed in the lobbies of hotels?
Practicing Mongolian pronunciation before visiting Mongolia
Name in passport as BCA in place of ABC; cause for visa refusal?
Airlines and different passports
In Bacau, Romania, what is the current name of the street that used to be called "Filimon Sirbu"?
Is TSA lock compulsory for travel to US?
What's the cheapest way to get from Edmonton International Airport to Jasper national park?
International Phone Numbers in Cell
When do I clear US customs and immigration if connecting at a US airport to my final destination elsewhere in the US?
How early can you check in your luggage for Amtrak at Washington union station?
Driving in France with US driving license only (French driving license being kept in some French Consulate)
Do you physically need a license to drive in the US?
Bus ticket from Bangkok to Huahin
Can we get a rental car from near Edinburgh's Waverly station?
In Mongolia, are dairy products offered to tourists typically processed?
Crossing the German border as an underage travelling alone
Is it safe to knowingly buy an oversized (67-inch) suitcase? Are size limits enforced?
Do I need to get my baggage and proceed in custom control as a transit visitor to US via Canada?
Are Transit Visas for Germany required for our group?
Travel to Australia with new passport
Schengen visa for the non-EU spouse of the EU citizen
Why aren't there cube-shaped suitcases or bags?
Are there any drinking water fountains/taps in Paris Charles de Gaulle airport?
Collecting luggage and checking them in again?
Tipping for takeout food in the USA
Hoping to travel to the uk till July 29 but my visa expires on July 20. What can I do?
Getting job in US on B1/B2 visa
In which European countries can I use disposable barbecues in summer?
Is visa required to travel to Switzerland on a soon-expiring Ukrainian Passport with Spanish Residence Card?
Travelling to mexico on B1-B2 visa
Indian passport with two missing (ripped out) pages - should I get a new one to enter the US?
Is it safe to roller-skate on sidewalks in USA?
Is there a way to download biometric picture?
What are my options after receiving a visa refusal at the German embassy?
Booking air tickets with last-minute risks: to cancel or to book last-minute?
Train strikes in Berlin – does it make sense to book an advance ticket?
Taizé prayer in Lisbon: where?
Portuguese cusine in Lisbon
Transfer between Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and John Wayne Airport (SNA)?
20 hour layover at London Heathrow. Do I need a transit visa to go to a hotel outside airport ?
Road-trip in USA: can a foreigner buy a car?
Youth associations in Turkey
Visiting Istria region in June
How should I tip if the food is good but the service from the waiter/waitress is terrible in the USA?
Do most biometric passports have in-person photographs?
Can large international mail be sent from any post office in Tokyo?
Do we have any kind of statistics for how often rebels actually take tourists hostage in Grozny, Chechnya, Russia?
Can I obtain an International Drivers license whilst abroad?
What are the limits when carrying laptops and electronics to USA?
Saudi Arabia - Internet censorship/privacy and data security
Will a refusal for UK visitor's visa have any impact on a US visitor's visa application result?
Checking a hire bike is properly docked
What should I write in "Member states of destination" on Schengen visa applications?
What food items can I take to USA?
What happens when my credit card does not work at a no-show?
When to count children as guests?
Budapest Pools Suitable for Children
German entering USA from Mexico after loss of passport?
Fliying from US to Vietnam via Toronto
Long-ish term trailer rentals?
Is the Sea of Stars real?
Tipping for curbside takeout food in the USA
UK Transit Visa
Getting from Moscow Sheremetyevo airport to Dubna
Visiting the Eiffel Tower -- going early to avoid queue
What amount do car rental agencies block on credit cards?
Can I go to Croatia with a type C, multiple entrances Schengen visa?
Why have they announced to turn off phones while they are explicitly allowed?
Where can a tourist apply for a UK Visitor (standard) Visa?
Identifying a community in Russia
Is there a list of Greyhound partner bus carriers?
Carry a boxed iPhone 6 to the USA - do I need to declare it to customs?
Which cellphone provider offers cheap internet in Perú?
How early before departure can I reserve train tickets in Germany?
Tipping in USA: do you have to fill in the tip amount or just the post-tip total?
Croatia to Ljubljana (Slovenia) for U.S. citizens ok?
Chilean traveling to USA
Can a visitor who is "of age" in their country drink underage in the United States of America?
Group jungle trek in Chiang Mai
Indian passport traveling to Scotland
Is volunteer work allowed in the US while visiting under the VWP or a B1/B2 visa?
How long does it take for Portuguese consulates to process short-term visa applications?
Can I get a French visa in order to join the French Foreign Legion?
Travelling on Business visa to UK for tourism purposes
Prepaid SIM card for 1 month stay in Texas / USA
Travelling from Vancouver to Budapest via Amsterdam (connecting flight); do we go through Dutch customs or just transit?
How to use JR. name suffix when booking tickets with China Railway?
Travel in the US on J-1 Visa and ESTA
Entering Germany while having a visa issued by a different country?
Can airlines deny boarding if my port of entry is different than the country which issued the Schengen visa?
Recourse for bad/inaccurate information given on the Home Office help line
My flight has changed destinations! What are my options?
How to get the best room in a hotel?
Do you tip in the US for getting a to-go coffee?
Are visitors allowed to enroll in academies (such as a flight training school) in the US under the B1 visa?
How long can I stay in Singapore on a multiple entry pass visa?
How to buy an international ticket when name on foreign passport is different from name on green card
Can I roller skate on the street in France?
Why is there a СТОП (STOP) sign along with priority signs on traffic lights in Russia?
Luggage-only insurance when traveling around the world?
Can you be refused a visitor visa to US if you have bad Credit there?
Buying a return ticket for a child flying with different parent
Can a Schengen Visa be refused because the photograph is too old?
Maximum stay on a Schengen visa is too short after a change of plans
Are "violation points" applied to EU licences outside of their home country?
Identification on German trains
Are there public Midsummer's Eve events near Stockholm I could attend?
Can a dual US-Bulgarian citizen travel to the Schengen area with a passport that expires in 3 months?
How does the US know that I left?
When in Japan can I obtain a B-1/B-2 visa to go to USA for a short personal trip?
How do I go from Vientiane to Chiang Mai?
Eating alone in London
Do any Chinese embassies or consulates grant multiple-entry visas to people from a third country?
What is a good area to head to in Lisbon's "Parque Florestal de Monsanto"?
Uzbek citizen with Kazakh residence permit entering USA
1500 euros /month Stipend enough for surviving in Strasbourg City?
Would the most logical path from Normandy to the Bavarian Alps (Germany) pass through Lyon?
Is there a Post Office in Heathrow?
What are the ferry options for getting from Sweden to Scotland?
Can I travel outside of the US during my OPT, but with an expired visa?
Under what conditions might Advance tickets be available on the British rail network?
Arriving before 6 am at Domodedovo Airport in Moscow - closest Metro station?
What is a "Länder Ticket" in German Rail?
How often does New York subways get cancelled by cold weather?
Over the counter pain killers in SE Asia?
Is it safe to check in a telescope in its original packaging?
How to manage 12+ hours stopover in Chicago?
Strategy for a Schengen visa application: Attending a course + a bit of tourism
Is there any travel insurance where I don't have to be registered with GP?
Is is possible to travel when applying for a new visa?
Is there a JFK airport hotel which allows cats?
Schengen Visa for a financially dependent Indian Citizen
Travelling in the USA before start of Student Visa
Netherlands Schengen Visa - Spain
From booking to boarding: What is typically the shortest time to book a flight until boarding?
Checking-in for an intercontinental flight with intra-continental connection
Flying into and out of Germany on a Belgium Schengen VISA
Is 13 days enough processing time to get a Schengen VISA (German consulate, San Francisco)?
90 days in USA then to holland for 3 weeks then back to USA for 90 days
What is the cheapest train ticket between Aachen and Cologne?
Dual US/Canadian citizen with an expired passport
Use of NHS when travelling in Britain with dual citizenship
What's the best way to get from the Paddington Station to these London museums?
Taking a Desktop Computer Overseas - Options?
What to do before traveling to Europe as an American?
Brazilian Girlfriends Visa refused - Administrative Review
Traveling from Chicago to Houghton/Hancock?
What swimming suit options are acceptable for a self-conscious recreational swimmer in Belgium and Western Europe?
Malaysia to Thailand and again Malaysia Visit
Transit visa requirement for Kenya citizen going trough Switzerland to US
Zurich to Japan and South Korea for three weeks
Why did I get refused of entry into the UK even if I had a sponsorship letter?
Where can I try konoko and konowata in Japan?
Where can I try sea cucumbers in Taiwan?
How correct is my intuition that tap water is safer in the mountains than in cities?
India rail (Bhadrak-Howrah): Can I alight at any stop and then continue the journey later that day?
European roaming data provider, which SIM cards can be purchased on-line / in Poland
Travelling through the US with Canadian Working Visa
How to obtain a 60-day Indonesian tourist visa in Singapore?
Old passport number on airline reservation
BA - Cancel Domestic Leg of European Flight
Overstay in South Africa
Cheap times for tickets to Bora Bora
Traveling on B1/B2 visa for training
Why is I-20 issued by the Department of Justice, not the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Education?
Can I carry a non-mercury thermometer on plane?
Day trip to Zugspitze, from Munich
How long will my Schengen visa be valid for?
Passport validity requirement to enter USA for travelling
What kind of health cares do I need to have before traveling to Brazil and in Brazil?
What are the visa requirements of Malaysia for French citizens in 2015?
What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra?
What are the visa requirements of Malaysia for Spanish citizens in 2015?
Possible cheapest ways to travel from Munich to Konigssee and Salzburg
How to get to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia) from Singapore?
Traveling without paying lodging fees in America
UK Visitor (standard) With Family Situation
How much is a visitor affected by Ramadan in Aceh (Indonesia) considering it has Sharia law?
Can I re apply for a tourist visa immediately
Bringing only cash to Japan - Any tips on how I should protect the money?
Can a traveler on a tourist visa reenter the US after 4 months?
Should I carry my passport everywhere I go in Japan?
Can I enter a different schengen country before I enter the country of my student residence permit?
Cell phone service providers in France with English customer support
Can I cross the US/Canadian border with a copy of my US passport?
How can I confirm that my I-94 form was correctly processed after leaving the US in 2007?
Where can I report an airport security flaw / weakness?
Is an hour and a half enough time to connect United flights from Michigan, USA to Belfast, Northern Ireland?
Originating country for first student visa entry to UK
Unable to get an appointment at San Francisco Italy Consulate
I work in the US on an H1-B visa and will apply for a Schengen visa soon. Will my Schengen visa be affected if I switch to a US student visa later on?
Transit Visa & Baggage
Can I leave the airport during an international layover if I am not 18 years old?
Jogging in Bucharest?
Late night transport from Bologna airport to Reggio Emilia?
How long before my flight should I arrive at Mumbai airport?
Is there any way to easily check in advance if a country has exit immigration at the airport?
How does anyone know how long I stayed in Europe if I only got stamped upon enty and not when I left?
How can I rent a mobile WiFi hotspot during my five-week trip to the UK?
US Business visa refusal mention in UK visa
What SIM card should I buy for Canada and the USA
Is it possible to get a tax refund on goods in Singapore when leaving by land?
Can I bring a shoebox PC in my carry-on bag?
DXB (Dubai International Airport) Shuttle between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2
Where is the Asia-Europe divide and where can we cross it?
Documentation required for US citizen to travel to Canada
How strictly do large car-hire companies in Central Europe enforce the license age condition?
Is a naturalization certificate required as well as a valid passport for reentry into the United States from the Philippines
What to do in Chicago during an 8-hour stopover?
Should I leave cash tips for housekeeping each day of a multi-day stay?
Are there any caverns in the Peak District suitable for young children?
How to tip housekeeping in hotels if leaving tips daily?
Who should I ask about the items I can and cannot take with me? The airport or the airline I'm flying with?
Transit visa for Dubai
Can I roller-skate on bike paths in USA?
Time from Terminal B to Terminal A at Newark Airport (EWR), considering immigration procedures
Laptop with 2 batteries through airport security
Map apps- know where I will be on route at specific time?
Rent a villa with pool in Istria, Croatia
Transit visa in Dubai (landing in XNB, leaving via DXB)
Missing a flight because applied for UK visa and do not have my passport
Travel to Portugal from Cologne, Germany
Where is it expected to tip housekeeping?
UK visa bank statement info
Is it possible to check in plastic storage boxes on an Air Canada international flight?
Transport bread maker on Turkish Airlines
Schengen countries with special provisions for additional stay by US citizens
Living in Canada for a year: entering the US for a couple of short trips
Strange qualification criteria for a Thai resort
Refusal of UK visa
Things to do in 12 hour Night layover in Dubai?
Is it possible to check-in a double stroller on a flight?
What is the AXA Schengen Insurance office phone number?
Transit visa for Munich
English in Israel and Palestine
I am on Tier2 visa in UK (from India) with my family. We want to visit France and other European Coutries. What should we do for visa?
From Switzerland to France
Fastest road from Berlin to Düsseldorf?
Do I need a transit visa for Frankfurt if I (an Indian Citizen) am travelling from India to Nice (France)?
Is it still possible to find kisaengs in today's Korea?
Is there any free English education in Canada for foreigners?
How much time would I need to allow for transit in Newark
Converting tourist visa to working holiday visa
How can an American get a Maestro Debit Card?
Does the AXA-Schengen Europe Travel insurance satisfy the German consulate's insurance requirements?
Do I need a UK Transit Visa when my H-1B will expire the day after my travel?
Is my luggage automatically transferred from United Airlines to LuxAir at Munich airport?
Is Transit visa required for Doha layover?
Transit Visa in Doha, Qatar
Passport validity
What's the cheapest way to travel from Madrid to Barcelona?
What are the transport options from Tashkent, Uzbekistan into Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan?
Are DUI checks more lenient in Napa County?
Schengen refusal reasons for insufficient evidence. Poland embassy
Recommendations for exploring Brussels and nearby cities
What are the future European Union roaming fees/pricing charges?
Do I need a transit visa through France
UK visa for trailer driver non-EU citizens
At *some* border crossings, why do bus passengers have to get off, but not those in cars?
How to benefit from Hostelling International discount on Via Rail trains?
Very confused about China visa (American) and the possible 24 and 72 hour exemption rules
Stitching two Confirmation Numbers on United
Restoring a cancelled IRCTC ticket
What is "officially registered...single status" in Thailand?
Colombia: 90 day visit period renewed on re-entry? (UK national)
Connecting time ay JFK
Exchanging Scottish GBP In China
How are vacant, unreserved Premium Tatkal seats alloted among passengers in the waiting list?
Applying for a tourist UK visa without salary slips - I'm a freelancer. What can I use as proof of funds?
Can I wear a bulletproof vest while traveling on British Airways from Heathrow?
Are there any online search engines for buses in Southeast Asia? I wish to plan a bus trip in Thailand
Which country visa should i apply to? - Schengen
Where can I go and watch Flamenco shows in Istanbul?
Applying for US tourist visa from UK
Schengen Visa - Tourist visa (visiting friends) or Tourist visa (simple)
What can I do around Porto Alegre's airport?
Turkish visa processing still ongoing after the date of my intended trip has passed. What can I do?
Border patrol questions USA to Canada
Flying from the UK to the US with laser in carry-on
Roadtrip in Mongolia WITHOUT guide possible?
Drive to US, fly from there to Hawaii without passport?
Can I travel through Schengen zone with a visa obtained for presentation of an academic paper in a conference?
Older US dollars not accepted everywhere?
Chances of denial of entry on B2 visa in case of illegal stay in a neighboring country
Is a Canadian driver's license acceptable photo ID at an American passport office?
In Montreal for two weeks- possible/recommended to get Bixi membership?
Cheapest way of traveling from FCO to Rome by public transport?
Must I register if I am not required to have a visa for entering Russia?
Why is homelessness not an issue in Tokyo?
For a Schengen visa, what constitutes proof of hotel reservation for group travel?
Where to find traditional cuica in Rio de Janeiro?
Can a Muslim woman visit Medina Mosques as tourist independently?
Do I need to register anything specific to use Uber in another city?
Long-haul flight departs one day before my visa validity starts, to land on the following day. Will I be denied boarding?
How to go from Medan International Airport to Medan city center?
Medan to Bukit Lawang, how to?
Is there any night transportation in Sumatra (Indonesia)?
Transfer between Milan airports: Malpensa - Linate
Free street parking options for unlimited time in Bratislava?
90 day stay in France
Do you need EMV (chip & pin/sign) card in Indonesia?
Until when are Barcelona's beaches warm enough to swim?
Are there ferries from west coast of Turkey to Greece?
Transfer from Tegel Berlin to city center
Importing a brand new laptop in the UK from the US. Can it be confiscated by customs if undeclared?
Is it safe to drive at night in the Canadian Rockies?
Can I use credit cards without a chip and pin in Sweden?
Transiting via Madrid to Venice
Formalities for an American spouse of an EU national staying in France for 4 months annually
Do Mongolians still prefer receiving hard copy photos?
Is it legal to sleep in a parked car on the streets of Munich?
Is it possible to visit Riga (Latvia) from Stockholm by plane in one day?
Which countries would allow me to remote work while I am travelling there
Amount of rain in July in Nicaragua?
Always possible to pay for taxis in Japan with a credit card?
Small rip in one of the internal pages in Indian passport
Schengen VIDEX application form: my H1B VISA and my passport were "Issued by" whom?
Visa Schengen through Belgium, itinerary and processing application questions
UK visa Application Status: no updates for 12 days
Is there a resource that lists online travel search engines by the trustworthiness of their listed final prices?
How do I reschedule a visa appointment?
Travelling with the application receipt for a French residence permit?
Public shower options in Munich?
Lost Passport with Schengen visa in France - need to travel to Italy - Applying for a new Schengen from Italian embassy while in france
How early should I get to the Oktoberfest tents to get in without a reservation?
What is the safest and cheapest way to see Komodo island, leaving from and returning to Bali?
Online cruise search tool allowing to exclude some ports
Europe to USA: How come a detour within Star Alliance cuts the price in half?
Does a previous overstay in Canada appear on my record if travelling with a new passport?
Can I extend my 45-day visa in Spain?
How significant are advance purchase discounts on Dutch and Belgian railways?
Schengen visa - multiple invitation letters
Is it possible to enter the US under VWP and depart from Mexico?
Time from the plane to the train at Schiphol airport?
Can I fly from state to state in Mexico with a US passport? Or do I need a Mexican passport to fly?
Administrative processing delay of more than a year
Can we apply for a Schengen tourist visa while visiting another country on a short-stay visa?
Breakfast places in Munich that open at 6AM or earlier on the weekends?
German national visa (Type D), but entry through another Schengen country?
In Berlin, do I have to pay for parking a car on weekends as well?
My flight is changed to include an overnight layover, can I claim compensation from airline?
Is there any accommodation under CAD 50 accessible by bus on Gaspé Peninsula end?
How can I deal with people asking to switch seats with me on a plane?
How can I determine if I need an International Driving Permit?
What kind of food is served inside the Oktoberfest tents and at what price?
Travel to France from Non-EU countries with a Dutch residence permit?
Going to France and Italy - what payment forms are preferred?
Is a train reservation required or optional on ICE in the Netherlands and Germany?
Advantage to flights on same/different airlines, when connecting across different tickets
Transport in Berlin with a single ticket
Bringing Beer into the Philipines
I am in the US on an ESTA, with work
Why do hotels ask us to type the pin code of our credit cards?
Changing Address to a US Address and Dollar Requirement
Why don't airlines offer last minute empty seats cheap?
Last minute car renting at San Diego Airport
Can I travel to Burma/Myanmar over land across the border from China?
Length of stay in the Schengen area with a Turkish “special passport”
3-4 days in Korea
Missing a flight - a way around the penalty?
Short trekking close to Oslo
Can I reschedule a Non refundable international Flight ticket (AirFrance+Jet Airways; Barcelona-Pairs-India) with minimal additional charges?
Can my wife and I swap seats in different classes during a flight?
What metric to US customary unit conversions should I know for traveling to the US?
How long should I wait to reapply after refusal of Visa in UK?
How can I get from Sausalito to Muir Woods on Friday?
Bulgarian passport expires two months after return date, will I have a problem traveling from US through Germany to Bulgaria?
Transiting through Incheon (Seoul), South Korea
How long do I have to stay out of Singapore before returning for another tourist visit?
Can any of the Game of Thrones Castles in Ireland be Visited?
Irish Visa on a Pakistani passport with less than 6 months validity from travel dates
Open water swimming in the Saarland?
Can I transit through Frankfurt to Romania without a Schengen visa?
Is 1½ hours enough for a transit at São Paulo (GRU) airport?
Eastpak backpack as small luggage with Ryanair?
What are the documents we need to carry for flight journey within India?
Which UK tourist visa should I apply for?
Weird pricing observations for a flight booking
Is lack of toilet paper a common occurrence in Japan?
What options are there if I want to visit Lucerne, after leaving Zurich traveling to Basel
Proof of employment for a Schengen Visa from French Consulate Vancouver?
Will my Luggage go all the way even if Im not on the plane?
Paying cash to hotel in advance for a few days
Do I need to pay in full for hostel reservation to show proof of accommodation for a Schengen visa?
Is it possible to enter the USA from Canada without having a return flight from USA, only from Canada?
Staying in Schengen after student visa expires
Is there a particular bank in China that has the best fees and withdrawal limits using an Australian ANZ Bank ATM card?
Does my age depend on the current timezone?
Butterfly Hunting in Montreux Switzerland
Lisbon: 5 hr stopover, Airport → City Center?
Why only earbud style earphones?
Request an earlier flight if original flight is overbooked at the airport?
Can I transport canned food in hand luggage in Europe?
Club Carlson's description of its partner hotels: just hot air or is there something to it?
How do I book flights Boston area to St. Thomas to Seattle to Boston area?
Does a non-EU Spouse of a UK national need a visa to visit the Schengen area?
Avoiding crowded times in southern Utah national parks and monuments
Does Interrail check for proof of residence and if so in which countries?
Is travelling to the US on an ESTA permit, with intentions of working legit?
Does my husband need to apply for Schengen visa if he has an indefinite leave to remain?
Getting from Salt Lake City airport to Park City by public transport on a weekend night
How do I get Japan tourist visa?
Sister visiting the UK visa refusal
Is my passport damaged?
Where exactly is the Myanmar consulate in Kunming, China?
Transfer time from Newark Terminal C to B?
Can I skip the first part of a stop over?
Driving into Tijuana, how do I get a tourist card (FMM)? Do I need one?
Travel options from London to Edinburgh
Arriving at Newark from Europe, have ESTA, how long should it take to go through immigration and customs?
Schengen rules for Australian travelling Europe for 2 years?
How long does it take for the Dutch embassy in Ghana to process visa refusal appeals?
I have a Layover in Japan, Going to stayfor a month, Do I need a Transit Visa?
Balmoral: The Right to Roam and the Royal Family
Turkish visa holder traveling to Italy
Do I require a transit visa?
Entering UK before visa expiry
"Proof of legal status" for applying for a Chinese visa in Germany
Is it possible to make a day-trip to a beach, from Seoul?
Check-in when travelling with two different companies
Is it rude to sit next to a passenger if other seats are available?
Where is the closest to western Europe to see desert mountains with slot canyons?
Amsterdam to Paris but drop off at Brussels with Thalys
Change of status from an F-1 to B -1/ B-2
Do I need to book some intra-Europe tickets to apply for Schengen visa?
Can I travel to Macedonia and Albania on Schengen visa? Do I need transit visa for Germany if my stay is less than 4 hours within the airport?
Is nail polish and / or nail polish remover prohibited?
Apparently luggage handlers strike in Spain, how to proceed with my already checked luggage?
Has anyone used a grip a zip to prevent theft (airports and hotels) while traveling?
Schengen visa refusal: Consequences?
2 Passports Moscow Transit
Entering with one Schengen visa but exiting with another
What's the safest way to protect your valuables from theft at the beach?
Is it possible to visit the cockpit after the plane arrives? (commercial flight only)
Riding an Abra at Night (Dubai)
Bulgarian Visa Duration of Stay
Landside transit visa in Dubai for a spouse of a US citizen
Linate airport (LIN, Milan, Italy): can I go the night before for an early morning flight?
Travel restrictions for US teen living in London, wishing to travel the UK and Europe alone
Can I get off a plane at connecting flight?
Signing digital Family information form for Canadian Visa
Proof of accommodation for France (travelling from India)
UK Family Visitor VISA Query
What type of power outlets should I expect in hotels in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro?
Earning miles using hidden ticketing?
How to get to Singkil from lake Toba (Samosir island)?
Do I need a transit visa going through the US?
Minimum account balance required for 2 to travel to Zurich for 10 days
Medan to lake Toba (Samosir island), how to?
Singkil to Balai, how to?
Is there free parking in Springdale, UT, USA?
Medan to Singkil, how to?
Airbnb vs booking.com near Oxford?
How to get from Medan to Ketambe (Indonesia)?
What does "Baggage Allowance 1PC" mean on an SAS flight reservation?
Immigration time at Houston airport
"Purpose of Travel" document for Canadian visa
Baggage check-in rules for Lufthansa airlines
Macedonian Entry Visas
Switzerland travel plan
Are there consequences to carrying an old passport together with a new passport?
Do the maximum allowed dimensions for baggage include the handles?
Where's the closest free parking for the Canadian side of Niagara Falls?
UK visa validity begins on date of issue or intended date of arrival?
Transit from Dulles to Falls Church
How long is the time allowed between exit and re entry from the U.S on an esta visa?
Hours needed for international/domestic transfer in Soekarno–Hatta International Airport
Valid UK Visa in an Expired Passport
Renting a bike from Beijing Airport?
How can I get 4G LTE (or equivalent) for my laptop in Germany?
Camping facilities in Yellowstone and Grand Teton in July
Which queue for an unmarried EU/non-EU couple travelling through UK Immigration Control together?
Is there a map that shows the progression of the monsoon in India according to time?
UK Visa Query for an Indian
Do I need to claim baggage for customs at ICN layover?
Would travelling to Moscow by other means than the intended cause legal trouble?
Question regarding having a 21 day long stay in the Netherlands first, then studying in France
Can I stay in Italy with valid study visa and expired Permesso?
Does it matter which side of Basel airport I rent my car in?
Can I use a Transit UK Visa to visit London, while in transit between Frankfurt and Paris?
UK Immigration officers arrivals interview questions
Summer Travel: Jeju Island MERS Problems?
What is the optimal place to meet in NYC to begin a road trip?
Do Airlines Rebook You on IROPS with Airport Changes?
Obtained a multiple entry US visa; Is a Canadian visa needed to visit?
Airport transit visa for Munich, if I have Long Stay visa type D for France (sauf CTOM)
Is a traveller's allowance to drive on their native driving license renewable between EU countries?
US layover as dual Dominican German citizen without visa in either passport
Is it OK to dress as a stewardess on a flight?
Transiting the US after overstaying my Canadian student visa
Is separate DS-160 form needed for spouse for US B1/B2 visa?
road trip with my dog
Berlin public transport apps (similar to jakdojade)
Foreign Travelers to Schengen
T3 to T1 Sydney - When does customs occur?
Booking hotel in South Korea
How do I avoid conversation with strangers while traveling?
Most respectful way to set alarm when sharing the room
Which airline offer flying for unaccompanied children (below 12 years)?
Passport control location when travelling from Disneyland Resort (Marne-la-Vallée/Chessy) by train to London
What happens when someone inadvertently enters the UK without a landing interview?
Traveling to the U.S. after a 10 Year Ban
Rail travel between Azerbaijan and Georgia
Not getting passport stamped when entering USA from abroad
Buy credits for prepaid mobile in another country
China entry visa validity on "enter before" date
How can I get working visa of UK or US countries?
Where can I find GPS-device-compatible maps of Georgia?
Time required to visit the Prambanan temple in Indonesia
Do I need a transit visa if I already have a UK Business visit visa
Train tickets from Brussels Airport to Brugges
Am I allowed to take a graphics card in my carry-on luggage?
I have a 12-hour layover in Istanbul. Will I be able to leave the airport to do some sightseeing in the city?
How widely accepted are Euros in Hungary and how bad is the exchange rate practiced by shops/hotels?
B1/B2 visa to J-1 visa, back to B1/B2 visa
Transit visa in Dubai for Philippine passport
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy?
Identifing building in Lancaster
Car rental in France with U.S. drivers license
Why is SCL-AKL slower than SYD-SCL?
As an F1 visa holder, do I need transit visa for travelling through the US earlier than 30 days before the start date of my study?
Do the terminals of Sheremetyevo airport stay open over night?
Is the London pass valid(/free) for multiple entries to same tourist attraction?
Qantas MEL-SYD-SCL: is the first leg international or domestic
How do I clear an incorrect red flag on my US visa for overstaying, when in fact my departure date has not been recorded in the database?
Pakistani travelling to Indian Kashmir?
Can we take three laptops?
Hotel booking sites with a calendar view?
UK visitor entry clearance application refused: impact on future travel
How much balance required for UK visa?
Avoiding crew fatigue on empty leg flights
Airfare historical data
How do airlines determine ticket prices?
Travelling Requirements to Schengen Countries using Romanian Visa for Non-European Citizen
Can I bring vaccines (needles) in my carry on?
Tips on preventing illness whilst in India
Is the 90/180 rule day count after a long-term visa affected by side-trips to other Schengen member states?
Old Flight numbers (2011)
Can I apply for a new Schengen visa while holding a valid single-entry Schengen visa?
Do I need to recheck bags at Heathrow?
Do airlines really check whether battery packs for laptop/phone/tablets are less than 100 or 160 Wh?
How can I pay with both miles/points and cash for a flight on Delta?
What it the fastest way, for four people plus luggage, to Heathrow T2 from King's Cross Station?
Electronic items limit to India
Change of plans in Schengen visa
Ijen crater and batu secret zoo from Surabaya
Am I allowed to take an "All in One Water cooler" in my carry-on luggage?
What are the lightest travel adapters/converters available for France?
Anybody know of any secret sources to get from YYZ to CDG for July for under $700?
Schengen visa control on the Eurostar
Applying for a UK tourist visa without a clear list of previous visits
Schengen visa refused from German embassy
Flying over country from which you are deported
Low cost airfare for each country
Backpacking in Egypt and Kenya: Applying for a visa on the road and onward travel requirements
Laws governing a plane in flight
Why is renting a car so expensive in Iceland?
Completing second leg of travel on a different day
Can 2 cellphones be allowed in a carry-on luggage
How long does travel toothpaste last?
How uncomfortable are old Paris apartments with no AC in July heat?
Online comparison of currency exchange services in Germany
Will US CBP deny me entry because I broke a US lease in 2001?
Oyster and Railcard purchase at Gatwick Airport
Is France a dog friendly country?
How to travel with huge sum of money?
Is it more convenient to get to Heathrow via Reading than via central London?
Tanzanian passport, Canadian resident card - transit visa?
Suitable shoes for long-term, light-packing travel
Information on people arriving from America
Is a Schengen multiple-entry visa for eight days a "short-stay 90-day visa"?
What disadvantages in not queueing early to board Ryanair flight?
Does Istanbul airport have x-ray scanners before the exit?
Why ITA Matrix is failing so much last months?
Where is Waze accurate?
How can I get an invitation to enter Europe
Are IATA's guidelines mandatory for its airline members?
Best way for an American to meet people in France to travel with
Is there a website or resource that list places in Europe where you can ride a steam locomotive?
How to apply for a Schengen visa?
Which airlines/flights check gate-checked bags to the final destination?
How to buy cheap/disposable/nonprescription/generic reading glasses in China?
Banyuwangi to Kawa Ijen by motorbike, possible?
Is it possible to go from Probolinggo to Bromo on a motorbike?
Yogyakarta to mount Merapi by scooter, possible?
Why is the departures level always above the arrivals level?
Schengen visa for a non-eu spouse of eu citizen
Luggage transfer at Heathrow: Jet Airways to Air Canada
Can I receive a UAE transit visa after entering the country on a tourist visa within the last 30 days?
Where is this castle? I know it's somewhere in Ireland, but where?
Dollars or euros to South Korea?
Which one is better? Backpacking from Paris to Italy or Spain? (Finding a good route with low budget)
Entry into Schengen state before visa is valid
What is the closest US equivalent to UK Ordnance Survey Maps?
Do Alitalia serve breakfast on an early, short-haul flight?
Obtaining a UK and Schengen Visa in a Single Application or Single Step in China
Passport Validity Rule Confusion
Travel from Mumbai to Toronto via long layover in Cairo
Visa required for a 1 week holiday/conference in NYC
What's the actual speed limit on highways in California?
Am I eligible to travel to the US with my UN 1951 Travel Document issued by Malta (EU)?
Renting a car from private persons in California
United airlines: ordering my ticket online keeps coming up with please use a valid date of birth
What are the options when my UAE visa was issued one day short of intended trip duration?
Prepaid mobile phone prices in Montevideo, Uruguay
"Complimentary" flight after my final destination
What can one do about the "Millionaire's Ride"?
Luggage through check on domestic-domestic-international flight
India to UK visa for business refused due to wording issues
What's the cheapest stable route to cross the Pacific?
Collecting bonus miles from family flights on the Emirates Skywards program
What happens if I leave the claim hall without collecting my checked baggage?
Minimum time between international-international connection in JFK?
How to buy train tickets in Indonesia?
Heathrow Customs and International Connection - Different Airline/Reservation
Going to Australia - hand luggage
How to go from Gilimanuk to Denpasar?
What are the average transport fees for travel in Denpasar?
B1/B2 in admin processing for 20 months and now I've moved to another country. Should I notify post, re-apply or do something else?
UK Citizen, travelling to Canada, US stopover, then back into US
Dual citizenship entering Canada with expired Canadian passport
Two passports, two names, one name on the ticket
If a carry-on luggage is placed in the baggage hold, is the passenger entitled to some compensation?
Do I need a transit visa? (Schengen)
Compensation for an 11-hour delay on a flight from Mumbai to Newark on United
ITALY: Missed the train due to wrong information provided by the seller
Splitting up an airline booking?
Accommodation in Probolinggo, anything cheap?
How to get from Flores to Sulawesi?
Renting a motorbike from a private person in Indonesia?
Why are Americans and Asians in such a rush when traveling in Europe?
Rent a scooter for 2 weeks in Bali
May I swim in a direction parallel to the width of a swimming pool in Japan?
My UK Visa was refused. Can I change the details about my circumstances in my next application?
Can aircrew order me not to stand in the aisle?
Accommodation on Tailana island, is there any now in 2015?
How many km per day in on the road trip to patagonia?
Preparing for Greece to Exit the EU (Grexit)
Will my journey to intern at a summer camp be allowed under the US Visa Waiver Program?
Is this luggage likely to be considered oversized as checked baggage?
Trying to bring a bike on amtrak?
Indian Citizen Passport Lost issued in another Country
Japanese visa issued in Rome, would I have problems passing by the Philippines first?
Importing laptop as gift in France, how much duty will I have to pay?
How to extend Indonesian 60 days tourist visa?
Is the new border crossing between Georgia and Turkey at Kartsakhi open to foreigners?
Do they stock parachutes in commercial airliners?
Do I need transit visa at Belgrade airport with Indian Passport
Visa rules for South African nationals transiting through the US?
Can I travel within the US with only my Valid student visa
Sweets as gifts in lands untouched by modern dentistry
Is it possible to rent a scooter in Probolinggo?
Best travel path from Buenos Aires to Aysen Region, Chile
Lounge access at Marrakech airport
Map of highway fuel stops in Germany
VAC service charge for online applicants for Canadian Visa
Italian passport: Do I need visa for 1 week holidays in Singapore
10 hour layover in Moscow Russia, do I need a transit visa?
Optimal packing method for bras?
5-hour wait for a bus at Frankfurt airport
Expired UK work Visa (Sole Rep) returning for 3 days
Will I be eligible for an Emergency Travel Document?
Bringing laptop without battery to the US
Do I need a passport to leave the UK if my destination doesn't need me to have one?
How up to date is the Man from seat 61?
schengen visa issued by French consulate in South Africa - free movement to Switzerland?
Should I anticipate complications as US Citizen flying to Paris from Canada?
Do I need ESTA to go from Puerto Rico to Norway on a direct flight?
Transit visa to re-check luggage in Frankfurt (different airlines)
Name too long for e-ticket. Should I be worried?
Is it possible to attend a bootcamp training in the USA for 3 months on a B1/B2 visa?
My passport is stuck at US embassy due to visa printing delay and I have travel plans
Australian applying for U.S Visa from Dublin
River swimming near Chinon in France's Loire Valley
ATMs in China - are they widespread?
Using US iPhone 6 in Europe
What can I use as proof of travel history to apply for a Canadian visa?
Rent a motorbike vs taking an organized ride/tour in Indonesia?
Is it legal/safe to visit the Calais border crossing?
Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence?
Transit visa for Indian passport holder having Schengen visa
Proof of funds for a UK citizen visiting Canada for 5 months
Is it socially/culturally acceptable for Indian/Sri Lankan people to visit the Oktoberfest?
Shuttle bus from Podgorica town to the airport?
Bus from Mostar to Podgorica
How do I take care of valuables on a Germany trip?
What are the consequences of overstaying Schengen zone for 28 days in 90 days period with a valid visa for the next 3 months?
Caucasus: end overland trip where I started without retracing my steps
Applied for a Canadian Working Holiday Visa over six weeks ago and still haven't heard anything, should I be concerned?
7 Hours to Kill in Atatürk
How much should I worry about the 6 month rule on passport validity for visiting Israel?
Seeking reliabie website/company to renew USA passport quickly
Do I need two blank passport pages when arriving at Cape Town, South Africa?
Are there examples of Googie architecture outside the U.S.?
What to do without underwear on a 4 day trip?
UK Visa application - should I mention my previous refusals?
Does more money in account help get a longer Schengen visa?
Europe travel from a work visa
Checking bags through to final destination on two separately booked tickets, on Ukraine International Airlines
Schengen Visa for Gap Year
Data-only sim-card for a 1-week stay in Hungary
Bringing shoes back into Australia after visiting rural India
Secondhand/antique book shops in Lisbon
Driving from UK to Turkey, is a French Schengen visa sufficient?
Which side of the Zagreb - Ljubljana Train has more scenic views?
One-way or return ticket for one year study
Mosquitoes in Plitvice National Park
How to validate jump 24h/48h/72 in Brussels?
How to visit the Hindenburg Crash Site?
Is it possible to skip between days without changing hours by traveling West at 330mph?
Do I need to include details about a side trip to another country on my Schengen application form?
If my Schengen visa insurance expires on the day of my departure?
Is it common for hotels to allow requests when booking a room?
Would you recommend driving or taking a tour bus in Iceland?
Use insurance provided by employer when applying for a Schengen visa
Extra 50 lbs (23kg) bag with Air China
When purchasing a return flight, can I add extra passengers to the return leg?
Is there such a thing as individual tourism with water plane?
Thailand in October - Weather
Are there facilities to recharge batteries on Oman Air flights to Thailand via Muscat?
I am interested in visiting a refugee camp. What would be a good place to do so in Europe?
Extra baggage costs - Dragon Airlines / Cathay Pacific
Is the water potable in Swiss mountain huts?
Any fast internet (good wifi) in Ubud (Bali)?
How much should I tip for a private tour in India?
Does staying in a windowless room have any effect on altitude sickness?
Why are there no waste bins on public transport?
South African passport holder traveling via Heathow to Ireland
Single entry visa with stop-over
starting a flight at a stopover point
British passport holder travelling to Kuwait and will be driving to Dubai via Saudi. What visa will we require?
Will US boyfriend have issue visiting me in UK for 3 months?
Do hotel pre-open bananas to prevent clients from taking them for after breakfast?
1 and a half hour connection time in Munich with different airlines
Are there any lightweight travel alarm clocks?
I have a Schengen visa. What do I need to enter Switzerland if I drive through it to get to another country?
Tourist visa for Hong Kong as an Indian
What's the point of reserving a seat when purchasing an Off-Peak/Anytime train ticket with National Rail?
Strategy for not missing the flight on a 1-hour connection in Warsaw Chopin Airport
Can I pump my own gas in New Jersey, USA?
What warm clothes should I take when traveling in southeast Asia?
How to avoid getting hassled in Indonesia?
Carrying 3 laptops (1 new and 2 old) in hand luggage to India
10% government tourist tax in Indonesia, what's going on with that?
Alternate routes to travel from Houston International airport to Lafayette, Louisiana
What does the $900 limit apply to in Australia?
How can I check if a flight has landed or is delayed when I don't know the flight number but know some facts?
Outdoor climbing tour in/departing from Bangkok
UK visa refused. Can I now apply for a Schengen visa?
Advices for Burning Man Festival
Which options are there to travel from Budapest to Sarajevo by ground?
Minimal walking distance when changing at Orleans on train journey: Tours-Orléans-Paris Austerlitz
What is the safest way to pack syrup on a long-haul flight?
Insurance required while renting a car in Iceland
Which to prefer, Reykjavík Cars or Reykjavik Rent-a-car?
UK Standard Visitor visa refusal: what went wrong?
Can I carry 5 mobile phones to US from India?
Is it possible to consume marijuana within Denver International Airport?
Why do people scan their Intercity / Sprinter tickets twice (on entry and exit) in Amsterdam?
16' Penske box truck - do I need to stop a scale?
Schengen visa requirements for a minor
Should I tip at "full serve" gas stations?
Will I be allowed to enter Dubai with 7 days left on my visa?
Why is a direct flight twice as expensive as a flight with 1 stop where the stop is the same city as the destination of the direct flight?
Getting from Edinburgh Airport to Linlithgow with lots of luggage
Taking wet things through airport security
How to reach the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region with maximum hitchhiking and minimum expenditure from Guangzhou?
When do school holidays in Belgium not overlap with those in France so I can have a calmer visit to Disneyland Paris?
What is this present we received from our hotel in China?
Occupancy rate and late reservations
26 hour layover in Almaty, Kazakhstan
How big are the luggage lockers at Oslo's central railway station?
Hong Kong: Visa for Multiple Entries?
Is there anywhere to learn about the Oil industry in Stavanger?
Can I travel from India to USA through Heathrow airport?
Where to find ferry flights and empty leg flights?
Spots for night panoramic photography in London
How can I get to Preikestolen (The Pulpit Rock) from Stavanger without a car?
Long term travel and first aid knowledge
Reclaim and recheck for transit flight purchased separately and no visa
Where to stay at Guangzhou, I am a vegetarian
Withdraw more than 2.5 million rupees in Indonesia, possible?
Is there an ATM at Tel-Aviv airport?
Is Tbilisi a good place to tour after this year's flood?
Fee for taking cash out of the EU
How easy is it to exchange US dollars to shekels in Israel?
Why do some boarding passes fail to mention when gates close?
How to get from Bonifacio to Bastia via Calvi?
Do ships sink nowadays?
What is the cheapest way to go from Poland to Lyon (France)?
What are potential dangers of putting a copy of one's boarding pass online?
Will I need to clear US customs twice?
Is there a London two day travel ticket?
Where is the best place to buy a train ticket in AMS airport
Better to obtain a temporary smartphone in the US or in Europe
Max no. of Power banks allowed in Carry on - Air China
Flying domestically in the USA with non-US passport, if the immigration status expired
Chinese visa in Hong Kong without hotel bookings and return flight?
Transit Visa in Munich (for Mexico travel) for Indian passport holder
Can I withdraw CHF on a Mastercard pre loaded with euros?
Does my multiple-entry 6-month B-1 visa to the US expire while I'm back to my country?
Bribing Indonesian police for missing motorbike license
Refusal of UK visitor visa - what went wrong and how to avoid reoccurrence?
Do I have to claim and re-check in my baggage in international transit when travelling with the same air line?
Schengen Visa for Austria and Germany
Why do (a lot of) people book airline ticket through agencies?
Turkish eVisa for Schengen holder single entry
Whats the best way to spend 15 hrs at Dubai Airport?
Are there any documents I need to drive through Austria, Liechtenstein & Switzerland?
Help with South African 90 Day Visitor visa
Organic Grocer in Tuscany?
Are there any laws that prevent reserving two adjacent seats for one person for a flight with Ryanair?
Does a check-in agent have the right to ask me to open my bag?
Travel Insurance for my parents visiting the U.S
Flight booked in the UK delayed 24 hours in the US
Mobile internet in the Caucasus
Is a visa required for travel to Iceland if I have the EU Blue Card?
Indian citizen has UK visa, wants Schengen visa
Entering USA as a tourist without any plan
Traveling along the West Coast of the USA along U.S. 101 using public transportation
Etiquette for talking to others on public transport in Turkey
English in Hong Kong
Strep in Siem Reap, Cambodia
Flying to the Philipines from Saudi Arabia with several electronic devices
How do I purchase and book a round trip ticket for someone living in Ghana to come to U.S.?
Weather to expect first half of September, British Columbia,Canada
Should I book my train connections in advance in China?
Travelling from Portugal to Finland - is it recommended to get a passport?
Is there "all you can race" go-karting in New York City, USA?
Possibilities of getting the visas processed on time
Canadian visiting family in US while applying for jobs in order to get an interview
Gate pass at Atlanta Hartsfield
Where/how can I find a listing of prices for in-flight WiFi usage on Qatar Airways?
What can I do with small change from countries I am unlikely to return to?
US Citizen with UK resident visa - want to travel to Cuba
US Citizen visiting Canada with a pending passport
Will I need to buy a new mobile phone (some french phone) if I move to france and intend to use SIM card of that country?
Where can I get some work done in Salzburg, Austria? (WiFi + power outlet)
What does this road sign mean? (Germany; red circle and X on a blue background, with a right-pointing arrow.)
Should I book hostels in advance in Shanghai / HK in July?
Is a transit visa required for Ataturk Airport, Turkey (flying Islamabad to Olso)
After a 90-days stay at France within 180 days, can I still visit Croatia?
What is the best way to spend 8 hrs on Beijing Capital International Airport?
Dual citizen return to home country (South Africa) on expired passport
Leaving luggage in Barcelona at midnight
Zagreb - Belgrade train schedules
Do I need a "chip" card in the Czech Republic?
Fined €110 for Schengen overstay: impact on future visas?
What is the cheapest public transportation from the Madrid airport to downtown?
Entering the Schengen area 12 days before my visa expires
Can I check the "in-travel" status of my Oyster card?
Question whether we need transit visas for stopover in Istanbul with no exit from airport
Is there a website or resource that lists specific traffic rules or specific signs for each country?
Travel to Germany with a UK student visa
Retreat center for meditation near Frankfurt
Visiting Canada when in US on a B1 visa
Is it possible to get a Canadian visa without concrete plans?
Can I take an internal flight within the US on a UK passport with only four months' validity?
Dubai Airport : do I have to collect and recheck my luggage between airlines?
Can the Walnut Street Prison be accessed?
Date Limitation of Low Fares in Far East
Can I go to Venezuela from USA, using a Brazilian passport?
What do I need to enter Germany as an unaccompanied minor?
Dubai airport: what currency do taxi drivers accept going from T3 to T2
Flying on Easyjet with a recently broken arm - what paperwork (if any) is needed?
Exceed visa by a day Argentina (90 day tourist visa)
Can I apply for US visa while I am a visitor in Canada?
Changing travel to Australia dates after visa issuance
My Schengen visa expired on 28 June but the police has given me an extension till the 9 july
Transit visa to UK required if I already have valid business visa for UK
Successive UK Business visas' validity
Stopping at Southampton on FlyBe: does one stay on the aircraft or is security to be re-cleared?
Visa requirement for Indian living in the UK for travel to Serbia and Bulgaria
Is immigration and baggage checkin required in Chicago, if I am flying from Tampa to Chennai, India
Schengen 6-month visa. Can I use it again for a different purpose?
Does Thailand have islands like those in "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason"?
Taking a nap at Puy du Fou
How recent should my bank statement be when applying for a Schengen visa?
Didn't purchase an Expressway / vignette before driving on highways in Czech Republic. What can I expect?
Travel to England from Argentina: how much money for a 17 day visit?
Consequences for canceling a credit card before going on a flight bought with miles from that card
Differences between Si Amil Island and Mabul Island?
Pakistani national wishes to travel somewhere that does not require a visa
French requirements for breathalysers in cars
Visa requirements for Vietnam when flying with AirAsia
Can visitor open a bank account in Germany?
UK Standard Visitor Visa refusal due to lack of proof of employment and accommodation. What are my options?
How to go from Manado to Davao on a budget?
Can i miss the 2nd leg of the journey?
Applying for a second Singapore Tourist Visa within a short period
Trains between Riga and Tartu
Do I need to have a certain amount of money with me to travel in the US?
Backpack or bag for southeast asia
What are the main safety threats to be aware of in South Africa as a tourist?
How to Identify Trains in Austria and Switzerland?
Uk visa got refused due to unexplained deposits. How to re-apply?
How to add a child after booking a train ticket (for India)
Do you have to tip the delivery guy if you are already charged a delivery fee in Toronto?
What is the most efficient way of enjoying golf abroad in an EU country?
Finding social sports clubs in Berlin
Will the average tourist encounter problems on the street in Cape Town?
Is renting a car in South Africa to drive around the country a safe transport option?
Available options to transfer from Ataturk airport to Sultanahmet after midnight!
Is it okay for holiday-makers to enter the United Kingdom with a single ticket?
Phillippine passport with New Zealand tourist visa. Do I need transit visa in Australia en route New Zealand?
Is it safe to leave my luggage in a baggage deposit?
Exit stamp on passport when leaving US by bus
Re applying for UK visa
Taiwanese passport holder entering Croatia
Why do some countries require everyone entering to see a customs officer, and some don't?
How does Booking.com enforce cancellation fees when booking without a credit card?
Why do mobile roaming prices vary by the home country of your mobile phone, when a long way from home?
How much time should I allow if hitchhiking from Southeast Michigan to Boston, MA?
Schengen Visa country of first entry
Will I be covered under the UK Health system?
How can I identify a good beer garden in Munich (Germany)?
Why are there no courier services or box-rentals near airport security?
Arriving Heathrow airport terminal 2, departing terminal 3, but need lounge access in terminal 2
Transit Visa at Dubai
Schengen visa Travel
France visa for one day
What are the current rules for converting Chinese currency to US?
Valid Singaporean visa in an expired passport
Visa passport update
Is sleeping in tents allowed in Shipwreck Beach (Navagio) in Zante, Greece?
Assuming I have Irish car insurance, do I need to buy extra coverage when renting a car in Portugal?
What are these "stone walls" in the sea on Cyprus?
Left UK without passing through Immigration, why?
Couldn't attend booked appointment
London Tube Strike: What to do?
Invitation letter for a Schengen visa for Denmark
Nicknames for dogs in Peru
Long time transit in Schiphol - will I need to collect my bag?
Traveling to Costa Rica with my girlfriend (16&17) without an adult, parental consent forms?
Residence Permit, Leaving country well in time: Impact on future travel?
UK student visa, no sponsor, possible?
What can I do to make driving in the rain at night easier?
Can I use 2 passports?
Validity of Czech Republic visa when Indian passport is re-issued
Why has it become a formidable task to book an affordable hotel in Vancouver BC two weeks in advance?
UK visa requirement: Residence or citizenship?
Do I need a visa to go to Canada from America if I am Vietnamese have tourist visa of USA?
Change the address of stay after receiving Schengen visa
Import tax for used TV in Indian airports
In China airports, is passport needed on ticket?
Is there a website that lists last minute opportunities?
Which visa consulate I have to apply to get a Schengen Visa
Schengen Visa Refusal from the Spanish Consulate
Is it true you must not stop at Red lights in South Africa while driving?
How to book flights when travelling together with slightly different itineraries?
Where can I purchase a barbecue (webber) in Split, Croatia?
Hearing protection on the road in China
Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?
Which city in Austria is more modern: Graz or Linz?
Do UK citizens require a visa for Vietnam for tourist purposes?
Proof of onward travel in Japan?
What is the oldest train in the UK still operated regularly for a non-tourism purpose?
Why is a visa required for Australians visiting Mongolia?
If I have Greek Visa, can I use it to visit other Schengen countries after my arrival in Greece
Where to meet travel partner at JFK (Terminal 4 arrivals)
Travel to America with UK Passport with FCO or IPS on it
Travelling to Romania through Turkey with a Pakistani ordinary passport
Passport and visa requirement
With a passport missing two pages can I still apply for visas?
Are there free snorkeling sites in Cuba outside of Varadero and Cayos?
Minimum time to transfer between Incheon and Gimpo airports
scenic highways within 120 miles of Kingston NY?
Pay as you go in USA with Three network?
Can I fly with a gold bar?
Request different entry clearance officer
what do i use as zipcode in usa when ireland doesnt have zipcodes?
Best way to physically move monetary value around
What immigration and customs checks are performed for passengers leaving the U.S.?
How to Buy Schladerer Kirschwasser in Frankfurt, Germany?
US Customs check External hard disk
Do travelers entering South Africa from Zambia need a Yellow Fever Certificate?
Slightly illicit: felon traveling on a US passport; will I be refused entry to the UK?
Whole week camping on O'ahu (Hawaii) possible?
Indian residing in Tbilisi, Georgia visiting Turkey
Applying for a UK visitor visa in India after receiving a UK visa refusal in Saudi Arabia
Can I bring empty bullet shell casings (spent ammo) in checked luggage on an international flight?
Re-entering Canada after a trip to Europe with my visa sent for amendment
Travelling with medicines
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Luanda?
What is the best way to transport a large bike pack and two suitcases from Heathrow to Pinner?
Am I allowed to stay in Singapore when Student Pass expires?
Flying into Canada with an expired passport and a Green Card
Boarding denied as the final itinerary did not include the Schengen visa issuing country
How free nights are redeemed at hotels.com?
Direct transfer by taxi from Mashhad to Bajgiran
French Schengen visa
What's the fastest way of getting a visa for Australia after ETA is refused?
Schengen Visa Expires before the end of work permit (TWV)
Collecting hotels.com rewards points for a third-party booking
Different US states: strictness of immigration questioning
Obtaining a 2nd tourist visa for Russia after first expired
Padang Bai to Gili Trawangan by boat?
Gili Trawangan to Gili Air/Meno by boat?
Do airport agents accept firstname and lastname in wrong order?
Tourist spots on Munich airport terminal B
Expensive travel insurance due to my medical history
Transit Time two hours at Chicago
Transit Clarification
Are there shipping company offices like Shunfeng express in Beijing or Shanghai Pudong Airport?
What's the best way to exchange Euro to USD?
If I have a multiple-entry Schengen visa and need to stay for 2 days past its validity, will my existing visa be extended or will I get a new one?
Cheapest transport (other than walking) from ACY to touristy area in Atlantic City
What supporting documents do I need to bring on a trip to the US on a previously used B1/B2 visa?
How can we demonstrate a Swiss Visitor will go home? (appealing Visa refusal)
Hire a scooter near San Javier Airport, Spain?
Expired F1 visa
Transiting from the US through the UK on a Child Visitor visa
Need to catch an early morning taxi from central Paris to CDG airport!
Can I enter Poland with Italy Schengen visa without entering Italy?
Should I use an online broker to buy travel medical insurance or Should I buy from the insurance company website?
Iquitos or Puerto Maldonado, for jungle adventures in Peru?
UK Visit Visa refused and false allegations stated in the refusal letters. What are my options?
Traveling in Schengen area before going to the country that my type D visa is for
How long should one plan for visiting the Venice Biennale?
Good ways to find cheap stayovers?
Schengen Visa Application: what are some helpful tips for preparing?
Will my ticket bought through cheap tickets work at a Chinese airport?
Receiving a compensation from SNCF after missing ferry due to delayed train
Camping/tent facility in Prague
Is there anywhere to get a haircut at Miami International Airport?
Which language(s) is most useful for backpacking Africa?
Traveling to UK before visa is valid?
Buying and insuring a car in the US for a roadtrip
Can I pass through the airport security with a de-activated Bazooka?
Where can I find a cheap trek in Bhutan above 4000m?
UK Multiple entry visitor visa
US visitor visa question?
What museums and art galleries in Los Angeles are open after 5pm?
Where can I study Juche Idea in North Korea?
Re-entering UK on a 6-months, multiple entry Standard Visitor (tourist) visa
Mixed flight / bus search engine?
Can I enter the USA as a tourist if I have been approved for a visa but don't have a visa stamp?
Buying a flight ticket from a different country
Orthopedic medical tourism in Cuba?
Is a child bike seat allowed in flight?
Leave US to Schengen on day 180th without any trouble?
Great Himalayan National Park in August: how are the roads?
Would Netherlands refuse entry for a Schengen visa issued by the French embassy?
Schengen Visa Single or multiple entry
UK visa - bank statements in foreign language
Is it possible to avoid being sniffed by dogs at Heathrow airport and possibly other airports?
Immigration entry stamp on UK visitor visa
"Mudflat hiking" (wadlopen in Dutch) in the Frisian Islands, where and how?
Can an American get a UK Transit Visa on Arrival?
How much cash should I give my daughter for month long Japan trip?
How to go from Kars, Turkey to Georgia?
Schengen boarding/entry without visa for final destination (non-Schengen)
How can I change my FF number on Iberia/British Airways to American Airlines?
What is the daily fee for using a local SIM card in Cuba?
Late evening public transport in Nice
How to track my travels nicely?
Senggigi to Labuhan Lombok, how to?
Going on a cruise in 7 1/2 weeks, but my passport is expired, and I don't have a birth certificate with a seal. What are my options?
Where are the companies sailing from Lombok to Komodo?
Travel from France to Saint Louis, do I need to pick up my luggage when transiting in the US?
Which is the cheapest way to get to Isla Juventud in Cuba?
How long can I stay in New Zealand as an immigrant with a work and holiday visa?
Transit visa at istanbul airport
Is it possible to travel across Turkey from the northeast corner to the southwest corner in 5 days/
Baggage transfer international flight with missed connection and airline changed
Travel on a Schengen visa stating EEA family member without spouse?
Frequent Traveller to the UK Does Not Want to Fill Out Landing Cards, Be Interviewed
How should I tip for food in a UK pub? At the bar, or at my table?
Can you use a camera during take off and landing?
Obtaining insulin in California as a foreign tourist
Through checking bags on BA1 - Do you have to collect and re-check?
How long does it take for Priceline to process Last Minute ticket requests?
How to get from Antwerp to Middelburg by "unconventional" public transport?
Proving your financial stability if you are a freelancer
Given an itinerary receipt from a travel agent, how do I find out the fare conditions of the ticket?
Can I go out of LA airport during a layover without a visa?
Do I need a Japan visa?
Should I follow what was mentioned in the “duration of stay” or in the "validity of the visa"?
Can I get a schengen visa from Switzerland if I am to stay longer in France?
Can I get an appointment at a French consulate different than the one assigned to my state?
Can I visit UK a month before my visa expires?
I have British passport transit time from Sydney flight to London 8 hours 5 mins do I need transit visa?
Can I get a transit visa on arrival in Istanbul?
BNI and BRI cash machines, what are the differences?
Sape to Labuan Bajo, how to?
Can I change the return date on a round trip plane ticket?
Where can I drive motorcycles in Europe with the Chinese driving license (C1)?
Applying for UK Visitor visa for daughter's graduation
Why are Korean girls camera shy?
Where can I take a selfie with kangaroos in Australia?
UK and Schengen visa fund question from India
Resource to find regular flights between given cities
Renting a van out of Geneva airport
Is it unsafe to travel to Greece at this time?
How to stop UK mobile number being disconnected while abroad travelling for 6+ months?
Istanbul - Bosphorus at night
How to get from Poto Tano to Sape (Indonesia)?
Luggage and customs for international layover in Toronoto
Going to Greece first week in November; can I still see some islands?
Owl Cafe in Tokyo where English is spoken?
Non-seafood food options in Tokyo?
Renting a car in San Diego and driving it down the Baja Penninsula Mexico
How to procure a Schengen visa for a Thai boyfriend
Will my "online chip & pin" Visa card work at Swedish ticket machines?
Rent car in Kuala Lumpur, drop off in Singapore?
Hotel Bills not settled by the company
Re-entering Canada after minor contact with the police there
Poncho in Scotland
Which currency for play money?
Expired British passport and travel
Would Ryanair tolerate a 15.6" laptop case as a second hand luggage?
Are tourists or their staff at risk of bride kidnapping in the Kazakh parts of Mongolia?
Is it possible to play with Tigers in Thailand?
What is the general availability of rooms in Malta during the low season?
Does flying to Panama from the US reset the ESTA time counter?
Near Charlotte Airport, is there anywhere to learn about NC's aviation history during a stopover?
Where is the Capitol Corridor bus stop for the Moscone Center located?
Where in Asia can I meet tall people?
Final Destination address in Customs and Immigration form for F1 students
LAX transit between flights without transfer between terminals
How to get my passport back from the US Consulate?
Mataram to Labuhan Lombok, how to?
VWP status for stays longer than 90 days in Mexico
How to buy tickets for Canadian NHL games?
In Dubai, Can the hotel seize your passport and documents for being unable to pay your bill fully?
Will British Airways agents do due diligence before letting me board the plane?
When will I encounter UK border control
Heathrow change in terminal flight UK Border control check?
Airbnb alternative that doesn't require ID verification
Is 40 minutes enough time to transit in Helsinki airport?
Explanation for large inflows into bank account: UK visa for Indian Citizen
Is there a legal depth limit for scuba divers in Turkey?
Spelling mistake on my Air ticket
Can you transport foldable bikes in the train and bus in Belgium?
Is it easy to get an UberX from Central London to Heathrow Airport?
How to get from Antwerp to Breskens by bus (or other transport) but not train?
Reliable Mastercard ATMs in Antigua?
Use United Airlines travel certificate for another passenger?
My ESTA expired in 2014. Is it possible to upgrade it or do I have to apply for a new one?
London cycle hire without chip-and-pin
Russian traveling from Mexico to Russia via Europe; Which Schengen airports allow transit without Schengen visa?
Where can I attend a fight night club in Manhattan?
US to Canada by air - minors passport expired
Slovenia to Croatia with single-entry Schengen visa
In which countries can I find spiders as traditional dishes?
Is it safe to keep luggage in a car in London and nearby areas?
Where in Chengdu can we see Sanxingdui artifacts, besides the museum in Guanghan?
Transport from Berlin to Szczecin
First trip for minor: dealing with transits
ESTA visa marriage
Rideshare etiquette (Lyft, Uber, etc)
Labuhan Lombok to Poto Tano, how to?
Getting a prescription inhaler as a US citizen in the UK
How long should we wait for a UK Visitor Visa in New Delhi?
Is it possible to switch terminals at Charles de Gaulle?
Do I need to check out and check in my baggage again in transit airport?
Traveling to Italy, then France, then Spain. In what country should I apply for my Schengen visa?
Are camping fees in California per person or per spot?
Australian visa and criminal convictions
Is there a legal depth limit for scuba divers in Egypt?
Do Customs duties and VAT apply on jewellery and gifts even when imported into UK by US citizens?
Accommodation in Rancagua, Chile for less than 30 USD/night?
How can I buy advance tickets for Anne Frank House?
Does luggage need to be rechecked if your connection is in another country?
3 Days to drive from Las Vegas to Los Angeles
Extend maximum duration of stay for a multi-entry Chinese visa (Q2)
Traveling with a Dog from the USA to the UK
Labuan Bajo to Ruteng to Bajawa by motorcycle, possible?
Best food souvenirs from Beijing to bring to my Japanese friends?
United States National Radio Quiet Zone: Impact on travellers?
Do Indian citizens require a Bahamian visa?
Layover at Vienna for 6 hours - enough for some sightseeing?
Schengen visa for a one-week visit: Can I ask for a 90-day visa?
Mistake while registering to make an appointment
Convention d’accueil
Abu Dhabi: Transit time and US pre-clearance question
How can I sponsor my Kenyan friend to the UK?
Istanbul in 3 days; is there an Istanbul Pass?
Transit through Abu Dhabi on Etihad
UK Visit Visa hotel arrangement
Are flexible airline tickets ever worth it?
Visa waiver - traveling from USA to Mexico and back to USA
Canada to India via Germany on Expired Canadian Visa
Airport transit visa for Germany for holders of an EU temporary residence permit
Can I be in transit in Athens for 24 h without transit visa?
Can I travel days after my intended date of travel?
Visa-free flights for travelling to Bermuda for Indian citizen
Schengen Visa Multiple entry
Can I know in advance if I need to reserve a spot on BC Ferries?
Question about baggage claim on international flight
Transit in Toronto from US to Europe on Air Canada
Will a Vancouver Day Pass Work in Victoria?
Do I have to pay taxes when bringing over R$10k into Brazil?
Separate flights on same itinerary
Travelling to Schengen area with Type-D national Visa of Spain
Dual Citizenship but I only have one passport — how to use ESTA website?
Crossing Canadian to USA border with dried food
Indian transit visa for Filipino citizen
How should a family with young children apply for UK visas?
Euro to Kuna exchange in Germany or Croatia
Proving ties to your home country when applying for a Schengen visa as a non-employed visa national?
Cheapest way to get around in Tokyo
I need to buy a good quality bicycle in or near Amsterdam
How much cash should I take for wild camping the West Highland Way?
Will my AT&T iPhone 5 work in the UK?
Can I print my Spirit boarding pass at some kiosk at the airport, without having to pay $10?
Travel from USA to India with an expired H1B visa
Activities in Ardennes, is there a resource or website?
Entering Romania on a Bulgarian visa
The screen on my laptop I checked in has stopped working. Could I claim something?
Concert in Detroit on Devils night "October 30th", should I be worried?
Dual Citizen Lebanese - Russian Travelling to Thailand
Nauseous Anxiety Travel
Do I need a transit visa for layover in London
Are there any ferries from Europe to Egypt?
Is an OysterCard worth it for occasional 1-day visits from outside London?
What good is travel insurance?
How to confirm "confirmed onward flight that leaves on the day you arrive or before midnight on the day after you arrive"?
Height and weight issues for riding animals in Mongolia
Do taxi drivers in Rio give receipts?
How I can book LHR to TLV at the price shown by ITA Matrix?
Change of D.O.B in Indian Passport
US passport holder visiting France for short scientific visit
Should I take into account the transit time when booking with the same airline?
Meeting young people in Mongolia, especially outside UB
What is the purpose of the odd sticker in a new British passport?
Are there any direct international flights to Makhachkala, Russia (Makhachkala Uytash Airport) from anywhere?
Why did this particular Czech toilet have no paper?
If I miss the train, can I use the reservation ticket in general compartment of next train in India?
Can I acquire a second ESTA a month after the first ended for the purpose of transit?
Chinese visiting England, have Schengen visa
Amsterdam: day tickets from Sloterdijk to Centraal?
Restaurant in Paris decorated in kitchen utensils
Where can I buy authentic cheongsachorong (청사초롱) - traditional lanterns - in Seoul?
Do I need a visa to visit Bulgaria?
US citizen traveling to New Zealand via Australia
Turkish Airlines ticket bought on Expedia by another person. Would I have problems checking in?
How are laws different when in a Native American reservation (that matter to a tourist)
Strategies for finding short hiking trails near a driving route in the Pacific North West?
How far into DC should I drive before catching Metro
Application for Schengen visa when bank statement is not available
Are there any drinking-water fountains in Prague PRG airport?
Europe motorway "overtaking" and "passing" laws
Tourist Visa to Australia for Laos Passport holder living in the UK
Refusal of a visit visa to the UK
Cancelled UK visa on entry
Will staying in Northern Cyprus cause problems for later travel in the EU?
Trying to gather the right documents for my next application
What are "consolidator" fares in airline travel?
Travelling from Rome to Fano, Italy by train - Is bus from Ancona a better option?
Where is a good/interesting place to go outside of (but not too far) from Osaka? Looking for an overnight trip
Travel to Germany with a Finnish residence permit (Type B Student)
Tanzania Visa: In advance or at the airport?
Can I travel with a passport from a different country of nationality than the one declared when buying the plane tickets?
Changing from single entry to multiple entry visa
Visit UK like a tourist with C-Visit-business
Long term luggage storage
Bank statements, income tax return, Schengen visa
Malaria on Zanzibar
Travelling with expired Pakistani passport
Travelling to Greece with a refugee travel document while green card is still being processed
If you had only two full days to visit Venice Italy for the first time, what would you see and do?
Are there any department stores in Salzburg?
Spending few hours more than the “duration of stay”, that mentioned in the Schengen visa can make any problem?
Shortest route to Mariposa Grove's from Las Vegas
Nantes airport shuttle details
Frequent traveling to the US
Do stores at tourist-heavy sites in Nepal accept USD?
How to check the status of an application for a UK work visa for an Indian?
Is permit required in Rohtang Pass when coming from Keylong to Manali with your own motorbike?
What future consequences are possible from a Standard Visitor visa refusal?
Incomplete documentation for Indian applying for Business visitor visa for UK
Where can I get a proper hot chocolate in Firenze-Venezia-Trieste?
Refused UK Visit visa for lack of sufficient funds - What more can I do?
With a Tourist visa do I need any other visa to holiday in UK en route from USA to India?
My application was refused due to 'lack of evidence of funds', are there hidden requirements for UK visa applications?
Local transportation from/to ORD Chicago Airport?
Which TGV routes travel at 500+ km/hr?
Overnight at Schiphol airport or hotel needed?
Mentioning staying at the airport overnight, can I get my Schengen visa application refused?
Overnight land-based travel from Istanbul (Turkey) to Skopje (Macedonia)?
Can I take an electric fly swatter on board?
Inviting an unemployed friend to visit the USA on a tourist visa
Long-terrm parking which is possible to prolongate in Bay Area
Gili islands to Mataram
Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?
What's the fastest ferry to get from Italy to Albania?
How close can one get to Eldborg with public transportation?
Where to see seals in the wild in The Netherlands?
What transportation is available from Costa Rica to Nicaragua?
When flying into the US, where do I go through customs?
Are there tours to the UTA Flight 772 Memorial in Niger?
Airport transfer from Ciampino to Termini
Going to the city during long layover at Warsaw Chopin Airport
Rule of length of stay in UK with visa?
China: Limitations on frequency of applying for L tourist visa
Schengen visa for two consecutive trips with one day break?
Where in Russia can I pay to shoot an AK-47?
Can you leave and enter the US with a foreign passport?
The Leh Ladakh "ban of non-local vehicles" situation status?
How can I make flying with a wheelchair or crutches easier?
Taking 2 laptops and an iPad for travel, as a student, to South Korea from USA
How to book and use a GOL Brazil Airpass?
Are Euros accepted in Gothenburg, Sweden? Or is conversion to Krona possible?
UK visitor visa: My status will change between the application and the journey, what should I select?
Lighthouse open to public in or near Sydney?
Snorkeling spot in Nago (Okinawa) accessible without a boat
Is it a good idea to use liquid soap to wash dishes when travelling?
Can I get a temporary/pay-as-you-go EC card for use in Germany?
Will I be stopped at customs if I bring the shell of a cicada through US customs?
Is American Express accepted in Bangkok?
Renting a car - Slovakia
Denied immigration to the US, can I go back as a tourist?
Can anybody travel to Nepal with Indian visa?
Apply new Schengen Visa while hold an valid one
Salt Lake City, UT to Phoenix, AZ - Which route is less mountainous?
Where to get London rail maps in hardcopy
Passport number or DOB needed when flying from China to US?
Where can I find a ski touring guide book for the Patagonia region?
Can I take a car timing chain kit into a flight as checked luggage?
Can I refuse to answer stupid questions at immigration?
How early should I arrive to Heathrow before departure?
Airline policy when a passenger is refused entry in both departure and arrival countries
Visiting Paris while in Transit to Portugal
Carrying tea tree oil while traveling from London to India
Immigration check between Northern Ireland/Republic of Ireland and Great Britain
How do I find out how long a UK train should be, in advance online?
Flight Connection in Salt Lake City airport
Best way to travel from Copenhagen to Gothenburg and when to book the tickets?
Entering the UK with an expired EU passport and a valid non-EU passport
How much money can I bring to Russia
I have a passport stamp with the wrong date. What problems could this cause?
Under the VWP a visitor from USA can stay,6 months in any 12,when does the 12 months start?
Travel Plans To take along my wife to UK from Paris
British Airways airport desk & dual nationality
Is there any problem if I booked Multi Destinations ticket?
Charged checked baggages for connecting international flights
Whose job is to check if the passenger has a valid visa to the destination he is travelling to?
I have two passports/nationalities. How do I use them when I travel?
Compensation for cancelled flight - comparable means of transportation
When in doubt, can't you just show two passports?
Flight booking cancelled, schengen visa
How to get from Lyon to Château de Moidière
Visit Rome city while my 6 hours layover at Rome before leaving for Malta
Refused entry to Spain previously. Will this affect my Student visa application?
Is it possible to travel from North America to South America via train, excluding the Darién gap?
Does Turkey no longer offer visa on arrival to Australian passport holders?
How long does the tourist visa extension process take in Guangzhou, China?
Crossing border from Spain to Morocco - possible problems?
Does the FL1 train now go directly to Termini in Rome?
Staying in Cannes and want to get in Paris
U.S. Bank ATM cards and credit card acceptance in Russia 2015,
B1 visa to USA - can I travel for leisure purpose too?
Cheapest agent in Hong Kong for obtaining a visa for mainland China?
Is it common to pay for taxi in advance in the Balkan countries?
Are "tourist visa" and "visitor visa" two terms for the same thing?
Can I fly from Amsterdam to Frankfurt on Lufthansa with just a Residence Permit?
Can I carry a poker chip set to the USA on a student (F1) visa?
When renting a car, is it a problem when a signature differs between the passport and license?
I'm a Vietnamese citizen traveling to Taiwan with a valid US visa. Can I enter Taiwan visa-free if the US visa will expire during my stay?
Left the US by plane. Still have my US Visa Waiver (I-94 A)
Auckland to New delhi (India) with a stop at sydney for 72 hours- Australian visa required?
Travelling to Dublin via London
Transit Visa required for London while going to USA?
Can fly fishing rod (inside tube) be taken as carry-on on international flights?
Rental car insurance in Australia
Labuan Bajo to Lombok by bus & ferry
Will booking two single tickets onward and return instead of one return pose problems with immigration? Scehngen and UK
Can I get to Germany from Norway with a single entry Schengen visa while having a flight transit in UK?
Is a birth certificate accepted when entering the UK?
Collecting baggage in different countries through different airlines
How many sets of bank statemens do I need to submit when applying for Standard Visitor visas for a family?
Shipping personal electronics to Europe from US- import taxes?
Can a US citizen enter the Schengen area without a visa?
Schengen visa - worried about being refused
Navigating the layers of American hotel beds: where are you actually supposed to sleep?
UK Transit Visa from Pakistan
Get an international driving license in Indonesia
Does the cancellation of my wife's US visa at the point of entry affect mine?
Puerto Rico Atlanta Airport non-US traveler
Do I need a transit visa to pass through El Alto International Airport (LPB), La Paz, Bolivia?
Prepaid SIM card with data-only plan in Slovenia?
Why does no connection exist between Euston Square and Euston or Warren Street Underground Stations on the London Underground?
Do Emirates provides extra services when you have long layover in Dubai airport?
Can B1 Visa holder accompany another B1 Visa holder as dependent
Flying to a Schengen country different from the one that issued a D-type visa
Direct travel from Dublin to Reykjavik
How long will Milan un-used metro tickets last before expiring?
How do multiple "purses" work with DC metro Smatrip cards?
Selecting Different Airlines for planning a trip to Singapore and Bali
How to protect myself from multi-leg flight getting delayed?
Can I enter Chile just before my visa expires? Indian citizen
I've got a Germany 'visitor/business' visa with 12 days left after my trip.
Travel while waiting for new passport as a new US citizen
Is there a minimum number of days a Canadian must spend in Canada before returning to the US?
Foreign car insurance for Kosovo?
Matsushiro Underground Imperial Headquarters
Last-minute cruiseliners for europe
Is it possible to travel on the Immingham-Brevik ferry without bringing a motor vehicle?
Is it possible to skip some legs of a cruise?
3G/4G Internet access in Bangkok
Under what conditions can I take duty free liquids from outside the EU through EU airport security?
Amtrak Code-share with United Airlines
Does an Indian with UK residence require a visa to visit the Netherlands?
Can I reenter the UK on the visa-free regime?
Minimum connection time at Frankfurt Airport for an International to Schengen transit
Crossing back into Canada with alcohol already purchased in Canada?
Is it possible to obtain a Schengen visa that is valid for more than 2 years?
Do the Spanish domestic Trenhotel lines still operate?
Are 3h 58m enough time to transfer flights in Atlanta (from Colombia to Germany)?
Can I search for European train connections avoiding certain stations?
Schengen visa fee for training session visits for post-graduate students
Indian National - British Permanent Resident - Travelling With Son To Europe From UK - Visa Needed?
Travelling to US through Canada
Can I travel to the UK on different dates from those on my entry clearance?
In the context of air travel, what is the same vs different between the terms "transit" and "transfer"?
Should I be carrying my checked-in baggage while shifting flights be it domestic or international?
Is 1h layover at PHL enough to connect to the next flight?
White House tours on weekends?
Is it possible to do backpacking through Europe for 15 days with 1000USD?
Worry about oversized check in luggage
Security issues for a girl travelling solo around Europe
Air Asia and Air Asia X on same flight, what's the difference?
Do I need to manually take my luggage from one plane to the next?
Staying 15 days but moving around, do I need to register my Russian visa?
How many laptops can I take to UK?
International / domestic layover
What is the difference between regular tours vs congressionally scheduled ones of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing?
Obtaining a Library of Congress reader ID card as a souvenir
A stranger in US asks for a little of fuel at a gas station
Official ESTA application website and are the others scams?
Affordable yacht holiday around Cook Islands / Pacific Islands
Will I have to clear Customs, pick up my bag and recheck it when flying BFS-EWR-YVR?
Dubai Transit Twice - Visas
I have a stopover in Iceland with Iceland Air, do I have to collect and check back in my luggage?
Moving to Netherlands: would taking train with a lot of luggage possible?
How to find affordable extended-stay accommodation in Latin America
Re-applying for a UK visa after getting a refusal due to unexplained deposits
Using AA Aviator Awards
Food souvenir purchasable in dubai
What are my options for frequent travel between Barcelona and Mataró?
Hill-top villages to escape the heat south of Florence
Reapplying for a UK visa after refusal for financial reasons
Some question about select-pass from Eurail
Joining and getting miles for prior flights?
Reapplying for a UK Standard Visitor visa after a refusal
Getting from San Francisco (Union Square) to Oakland Airport by public transport
Can I travel to Europe and buy a SIM from a local carrier and use that in my Nokia Lumia 1520 phone?
Travelling with someone to the UK
Getting tax refund before departure from Singapore
How to get passport back from UK consulate while traveling to other countries?
Intercités de Nuit “Espace Privatif" with 2nd class Interrail?
US B1/B2 visa, renewed when entering country?
Easiest way to get to CDG from Paris with big luggage
South African Travel agent wants to see my passport - I live in the UK
I have two schengen visas
Should I put books in carry-on or checked luggage?
Abaya standards in Saudi Arabia
Is it illegal to enter the US on ESTA while a J-1 is pending?
Will my US motorcycle license translate via International Driving Permit in Vietnam and Philippines?
Indonesian applying for Schengen Visa in Hong Kong
Is visiting Ellis Island on Thanksgiving Day feasible?
Should tickets for Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum be purchased in advance?
Which airline flying out of Shanghai has the lowest cancellation fees?
Transit in Dubai with two separate tickets - can SpiceJet boarding passes be collected airside?
Affidavit for emergency travel document for Pakistan
Thessaloniki Airport to KTEL Halkidikis
Does renewing passports have an impact on the visa process, if previously I was refused?
Going from Paris City Center to Brussels City Center - Quickest and Cheapest Way?
Any free destinations for nature and flora in Western and Southwestern Ontario?
How to get a camping permit for Tenerife from Germany
For the Qatar Airways Doha-Dubai shuttle service, when does Dubai checkin close?
Short layover in Heathrow
Are 45 minutes enough for a layover in Munich Airport (from T2 to T1)?
Flying into London, overnight train to Edinburgh that evening, where to stow bags/shower?
I have a US A-2 visa. Can I go to the Canadian side of Niagara Falls?
Is there a map/list of all regional trains departing from Paris?
Does a Moldovan citizen require a visa to travel to India?
Documents presented in the airport
Is a permit required to camp at Bear Glacier in Seward, Alaska?
I am British citizen, my children hold a non-EU passport, Schengen visa to Spain was refused, what went wrong?
Schengen Visa extension Spain
Adventure Travel: Where should I go in India to experience staying in a forest?
General Visit visa enquire for Italy
Can an Egyptian visit Bahrain with a residence permit for Hungary?
Layover at San Francisco International Airport
Can I cross the US border by bus the first time with a newly-issued visa?
Locations for usable free WiFi in Dubai City Centre?
Can I check in and go through security at DTW the night before a flight?
72h visa-free transit in Shanghai when passing through the same transit point
Crossing from Sarnia to Port Huron, MI in a car without a passport
Transit through Heathrow airport
Norwegian Air Carry-On Dimension Tolerance
Which consulate will give me the longest Schengen visa?
Does Singapore Airlines offer free multi-day stopovers?
Is there somewhere in Sydney, Australia where I can exchange unusual foreign currencies?
Never got toll in the mail (NY)
What are Samoan roadside stands selling in white styrofoam cups?
Which ATMs offer no-fee cash withdrawals in Chile?
What is the etiquette around sex in hotel beds?
Understanding Greek road signs
How bad is the road work on I-80 between Iowa and Colorado?
Can I get a discount on my flight for not being overweight?
My flight has multiple layovers - is it risky to check a bag?
Options for Eurostar travel affected by strike?
Cross link of Hong Kong passports
Transit VISA for US from India via London
Portable Wifi Hotspot for Italy
UK student visitor visa refused, even though I am financed by a government scholarship
Is okay to bring an empty mason jar in your carry on?
I am usually delayed at the Canadian border. What can be done?
Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa
Check in via Lufthansa app
Places to see near the Detroit airport (DTW)
Visiting Romania and Bulgaria on a Schengen visa
Do bus stations have names in Latin letters in Tokyo
Schengen Visa Refusal: Does it make sense to appeal?
Do I need a visa to transit twice through Vietnam?
Firstname and Lastname confusion while ticket booking
Does one need to go to the Russian embassy (in Germany) to apply for the visa?
work visa to Qatar
Portugal - snorkeling and fishing
Is Oktoberfest in Munich a dog-friendly event?
Domestic-domestic at Manchester, UK: any security to clear?
Is there a website where I can buy wholesale travels?
Rent a surf board for one month in Bali
Anyone tried Singapore airlines Premium Economy class ? How is it different from economy class?
What would happen if a foreign national got in an accident driving my car?
Honeymoon destination options
Can an Indian national in F1 and B1/B2 visa travel to Mexico?
How to get to Hanover or Wolfsburg from Amsterdam
How can I find safety records for extreme sports in New Zealand?
Overstayed in the US by 4 months and was later refused a B2 visa. How do I increase the chances of succeeding on my next try?
I am a UK Citizen on a working holiday visa in New Zealand but want to go on holiday to Australia
Can I be sure of insurance coverage as a rideshare passenger?
Coming to stay in u.s.if you have proof of a place to stay do you still need proof of funds
Is there a bar at Incheon airport?
Is it easier for a westerner to obtain a Chinese tourist visa in Kazakhstan or Kyrgyzstan?
"Tropical beach" in continental Europe?
Schengen Visa Refusal: Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided
What will happen if I don't use my Schengen visa?
Can I park at JFK and use AirTrain if I am not flying?
Long layover at Copenhagen Airport (CPH)
Is it possible to get from France to England and from Denmark to Sweden human powered?
Souvenirs from the US and Canada
Can I enter Canada and return to the UK using different passports?
UK Immigration Control: Will henna/mehndi on my hands cause a problem?
Will I be refused a visa if I previously overstayed in a different country?
Online ticketing of National Express buses in UK
Documents to support a further application following the refusal of a Standard UK visa?
Do I need a visa to transit India?
Importing shells from a US beach into Japan
Application for UK Standard visa twice refused, what next?
Strategy while applying for a UK visa after a refusal
Bringing brand new iPad and tablet
I'm UK citizen, residing in Germany, does my non-EU wife need a visa to visit the UK?
Canadian Citizen, but can I leave Canada with a foreign passport?
Boxed bike on trains in Amsterdam & Brussels
Laptop on overhead bin vs. turbulence
Is it convenient to go from Latvia to Russia?
Mountain road between Batumi and Akhaltsikhe
How do I charge my MOBIB card to take a TEC bus?
What is the fastest way to go from Warsaw to Moscow via Lithuania and Latvia by bus/train?
Buying tickets for New York Yankees game
Where to stop on the trans-siberian railway?
Looking for a sunset spot in Porto, Portugal
Change non refundable ticket into a different ticket
Are there still any advantages to using an Oyster card for travel in London?
Can Schengen resident permit holders use the "EU" line at passport control?
Camping in Hakone (I bring my tent)
Schengen Visa Application: Academic Conference
Midnight public transport options from JFK to Marlton, New Jersey (greater Philadelphia area)
Air travel between Schengen countries and single-entry Schengen visas
UK visitor visa for GMC ID check refused
Access to lounge facilities at Istanbul airports?
Extra luggage drop-off in Dubai by Emirates during layover
Getting from Canada to Greenland without flying
Entry into U.S.A without stamped visa
At Schiphol is 55 minutes enough for a transfer to an EasyJet flight?
Wizz Air hand luggage size
Do car rental companies in Europe accept a driver's license with a change of name document?
UK business academic visitor visa for 4 months for GMC ID check refused.... what about going for only 4 days?
What does this pen notation in my UK entry stamp mean?
Pickup at Frankfurt Airport at Terminal 1 during construction work
How should I express the end of a period of time I'm allowed to stay in a country so as not to confuse it with visa expiration?
Flight Crew Timed Out after Diversion in USA - entitled to voucher?
Now that NGT has banned private vehicles from entering the Rohtang pass, what route should I take?
What is a Seaman's book, and can it really replace a passport?
Most reasonably priced way to get from Tokyo Narita to Shinjuku?
Is there a comprehensive map of the Shinjuku station in Tokyo?
I have a UK visitor visa starting on 30 Oct; will I need a DATV for an itinerary on 12 Sep?
Domestic connection times at Melbourne airport
US Boyfriend visiting me (UK citizen) for 6 weeks having just sold house
Is a travel insurance from World Nomads valid as health insurance for Schengen visa?
Can I travel to the UK for leisure holding a UK Business Visa?
Going to UK from US on Tier 4 visa, but going on holiday from UK to Sardinia first
UK Visitor Application with UK based sponsor: What type of visa to apply for?
How do tour companies book flights and hotels?
Florence - Do those "Authorised seller" signs at the stores selling leather goods mean anything?
Charger of laptop 110-240 V
Can I travel with my video game to Germany?
Visa needed for UK entry by non-EEA spouse of non-EU but EEA citizen?
Carrying a handgun in other countries with a US concealed carry permit
Schengen Visa Refusal: lack of evidence and high risk applicant
Meaning of asterisks and binary mask in the US visa
Where can I purchase UAE Dirham with good deal in Dubai?
Hotel Reservation for Germany
Why 1000 and 500 Indian rupee are not accepted in Nepal and Bhutan?
Is food free in Duronto sleeper?
Transferring at AMS from Delta to Easyjet
What “National Identification Number” to enter in an ESTA application, for a German?
Traveling to London from Paris as a U.S. Citizen
Luggage storage in Sault Ste. Marie
What's the best way to get from Dresden (Germany) to Krakow/Katowice (Poland)?
How do I rent canal boat in the UK?
Does an American citizen need an ESTA to leave the United States?
Could a person stay in the Schengen area for two consecutive 90 day periods with two different passports?
Carrying Bitcoin Internationally
Visa for Istanbul trip during layover
Can you carry drones (eg. DJI Phantom or Inspire) on a plane as a carry on?
Denied boarding in Amman for flight to USA via Frankfurt
Do UK visits visa call your workplace for verification?
Hong Kong airport transit hotel
Unfulfilled car rental reservation
Can I drive in the USA with a French drivers license?
Do I need a visa to transit between separate flights at Baku Airport Azerbaijan
Can I return to UK within 1-3 months on a 'tourist visa' after expiration of a 1-year academic visitors visa?
How and where to buy genuine claves in La Habana?
Does New York Pass entitle you to visit Ellis Island from NJ, USA?
Why booking and checking-in aren't merged into one single step?
Is a new ESTA needed for my next US connecting flight?
How long is it best to arrive at the airport before the flight?
How did security checks at airports change after September 11th, 2001?
How practical is it to take a Collectivo to Xel'Ha park?
For a round-the-world trip starting in October, east to west or west to east for climate?
What are the pros and cons of visiting the Iguazu Falls from the Argentinian side or Brazilian side only?
How to make an international emergency call?
Do any sources indicate additional risk for being a (South) Korean-American visiting North Korea?
Driving in Ireland and Northern Ireland
Updating ESTA details for second visit to USA
How long would it take to hike from Hamar to Lillehammer?
Are there any places to sleep in Helsinki Vantaa airport the night before an early flight?
Is it possible to pay with euros in Eastern Europe?
Food prices in Chile - particularly seafood
Credit cards in irish gas stations
How can I find the canonical validity map/area for a UK train PlusBus ticket?
Spontaneous B&B in Ireland
Do PINs added to chip-and-sign cards work at chip-and-PIN terminals?
Pre payed Euro Card for German Trip - Paying Taxis with it
Apps to call cabs/taxis in Germany for non-German speakers
What to take on a 9-Day Bahamas cruise (specifically undies)
Does the sufficiency of an ID-card for travelling abroad depend on the airline?
UK visa requirements for Algerian citizen in France on French tourist visa wanting to visit UK?
Traveling with dual citizenship (dutch and US) from US to Netherlands, and back
What are the minimum connection times at Jeddah airport?
Thailand transit visa for Pakistani citizen?
Have hotels been re-established in Kedarnath, India after the floods?
Do I have to carry my I-20 for travelling within the US?
Travelling to USA with a four hour layover between Narita and Haneda
Under what circumstances are hotel room upgrades given out?
Communicating in English or basic Portuguese in Brazil
Seaplane from Bali to Rinca?
How to maintain 6 months bank statements for UK visit visa?
How to show proof of employment when applying for a UK visa?
Schengen Visa Refusal: Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not reliable
What's the best way to get from São Paulo–Guarulhos International Airport to the city?
Why is the Dubai airport so busy?
Apps to walk me through Frankfurt Germany
What is the typical ratio of paid versus free miles in frequent flyer programs?
How to get to Tokyo downtown from Narita airport, with a bag, during rush hours?
Is the connection between Ueno station on Keisei line and Ginza line in Tokyo internal?
As a USA citizen/resident, can I apply for a Chinese visa while in a foreign country?
What are my cellular options in London
Travel by sea from Manila
Weather in Belgium at the end of October
Does Cathay Pacific allow using of mobile and tablets for international flights?
What mobile network in Indonesia has the best 3G coverage?
Where to buy a 4G Telkomsel sim card in Indonesia?
Visa processing speed: VFS vs Embassy
Deciphering Air Canada Fare Codes
Possibility to Travelling together on returning
Getting from Colombo international airport to Anuradhapura
Comfortable transfer from BVA to Paris center
Time for international-international transfer in Ataturk airport
Disposable Cellphone SIM Card for Germany
Customs in coach travel between France and UK
In Pennsylvania can you make a right-hand turn on a red arrow?
From Bali to Jakarta by bus and ferry how to?
Does airport immigration ask for boarding pass on arrival?
Tourist Kuwaiti visa requirements for a Bangladeshi citizen
Can Travel Agents get a better booking than say Expedia?
Which similar/confusable airport names are furthest apart?
Schengen visa - extention
How long are you supposed to stay out of Israel after your 3 month tourist visa has expired in order to get another tourist visa?
Connecting to domestic flight in Auckland (AKL), do I have to re-check-in my luggage?
Punctuality of trains and buses in Hungary
What mobile network in Vietnam has the best 3G coverage?
Freediving schools in Indonesia
Applying for a Schengen visa with a valid US student visa and an expired I-20 form
Minimum connection times at YUL, allowing for US pre-clearance
Proof for onward travel in Non-schengen countries of EU
Booking several flight tickets with a single payment/invoice
US VWP when going to Canada
Do I need a Hong Kong transit visa if I travel to India from USA via Hong Kong airport (Cathay Pacific)?
International flight/Narita Airport/Baggage Claim
Entering Thailand with a type O non-immigrant visa
Why are there ashtrays in the bathrooms on nonsmoking flights?
Do U.S. citizens need visa for short term stay in France?
Waiting in transit zone until Schengen visa is valid
I am an Indian passport holder studying on F1 visa in USA ,want to travel Dubai for ten days, how to get Visa?
Transit visa for Kenyan passport holder
How to change some details on the passport application AFTER it got submitted?
Are there any flights from London to Blackpool?
How do I book a family carriage on VR Finnish trains from Helsinki to Turku?
If I get a tourist visa to Israel prior to traveling can I still get denied entry to Israel?
Where to get data-only SIM in Japan
Peru to UK: need round trip ticket?
Exchanging South Korean Won for Turkish Lira
What mobile network has the best 4G coverage in Indonesia?
Can I travel to Australia with my UN traveling document?
Adapter for a Surface tablet in Europe
Waiver for 10 year ban
Which airlines provide on-board WiFi in Chinese airspace?
For which countries does tourist visa apply after the end of a long-stay visa in Schengen countries?
Plane ticket fees
Ocean view east of Edinburgh
What is the best US bank account to use for extended world travel
10 days in South Korea using an Australian Passport, whilst on a Chinese visa
What are the requirements for getting a Visa on Arrival for Iran?
Travel from Canada to Mexico without American Visa
Where can I find a map of the whole Japan railway system?
Is it possible to travel to China with a UAE stamp in passport?
How long does it take to get to Budapest airport (BUD) by bus?
Interpretation of the expiry date on a Schengen visa
How can I enter the US while visiting Canada?
Can I enter Canada with previous entry denial into another country?
Affordable stay options in / near SF in September 2015
Train travel from Belgrade to Munich
From Dusseldorf airport to Bochum Ruhr University by public transport
Are airlines allowed to move up the time of a flight?
Sending unaccompanied bags from Vietnam to Borneo
Can I fly with white powder in a transparent bag?
How to get schengen visa if already in UK
Will I get refund on a cancellation of ticket of tatkal when it's already confirmed, but berth is not allowed yet?
B-1 visa application and SSN from F-1 visa validity
10 pieces of checked luggage on a flight instead of a shipping service - crazy?
Traveling within the EU as a minor
Is it rude to tell the ice cream man in Istanbul not to mess with me?
Do my children need any kind of identification if we are flying inside the UK?
Are there any passenger trains from Sweden to Finland?
Schengen visa for a stateless person
Can I bring a beach sand to the US as a souvenir?
Are there any laws that prohibit trading on the airplane?
How do I make a reservation with The Fat Duck?
Power adapter for Europe - Type C or Type E/F?
Is one-hour layover at Munich Airport enough time?
Can we bring lavender wands from the US to the UK and back again?
Airlines with the most Surfboard friendly baggage policy & fees pricing?
Hong Kong dual nationality
Giving First Aid in the USA
Can I board a domestic flight in India if the name on the ticket is longer than the name in my ID card?
Can checked baggage on airplanes ever get wet?
When does Amtrak assign reserved seats?
Can I travel to Spain with Kosovo passport?
Belarus visa application
Should I cancel my Miami vacation?
What does "Leave to enter for six months" on a UK visitor visa mean?
Is it possible to visit the Vatican while wearing a Hijab?
Can a person in the USA fly with an expired driving license?
Is there something to prepare in advance if the country where I want to travel allows me visa-free entry?
Vietnam visa for UK citizen
How much does it cost to get a visitor visa on arrival in Qatar?
Schengen visa application rejected because my US visa stamp expires in December. What are my options?
Visa, when changing planes
How long does it take to travel by road from Buenos Aires to Rio De Janeiro?
Transportation from Frankfurt Hahn airport to Bochum
Can you stay past the reserved checkout date in a US hotel?
What are my options to access the Internet in Kuala Lumpur as a tourist?
Uber pricing and cancellation policy in NYC
Why are hotels in Paris too expensive?
Is it possible to ship my belongings including new items from China to my Hotel in the U.S. if I am not a U.S. citizen?
Buying a pre-paid SIM card in Kazakhstan (Almaty or Astana) with data
Using a Schengen type D visa for a short internship in a different country
Baby food in checked bags?
Do Brunei Darussalam passport holders require transit visa in Brussels?
I have a netherlands visa, can my port of entry be Madrid?
Revisit to Spain again and again during Schengen short term visa period
How much money I can take with me to the Philippines?
Can Syrian citizens transit the Schengen area without a visa?
Can I travel to Belarus or Ukraine with a valid Russian visa?
Can I use the lounge after the flight?
Traveling to India from Europe via london
Arriving in Dubai T1, where should I meet a friend flying into T3?
Is there a hotel aggregation site that can sort by TripAdvisor rating?
Any Airlines with Open ended tickets where Return can be determined later by design, or without a change fee?
Purchase Paris Visite "zones 1-3" to travel from CDG to Paris city center?
What are the penalties and bureaucratic hurdles when overstaying a tourist visa in Cambodia?
Is there an airline ticket like a bus pass with unlimited trips?
Why do US passport cards have such limited usage?
Am I allowed to put on my pyjamas during a long flight?
Is NEXUS clearly better than Global Entry or TSA Pre-Check for US citizens?
Can a Canadian citizen travel to Thailand (Visa-on-Arrival) if they have drug charges on their record?
If I enter the EU through Romania and then proceed to Greece, which visa should I get?
As a Muslim transiting Abu Dhabi on Etihad can I drink alcohol?
Can I pay my USCIS fee after I enter US?
Hotel confirmations for Schengen tourist visa to Italy. Some questions
Guatemalan car in the U.S
Luggage Transfer for International Transfer
Can a foreigner get a visa for China in Taiwan?
Where can I find go-go bars in Bangkok?
5 Hours (at least) to spend in BKK Suvarnabhumi or what else?
Food options in Bangkok
Safety in Bangkok
In countries with a "Keep right/left unless overtaking" rule: May I keep the left/right lane if driving at speed limit?
Children with a different surname to parent - UK citizen - UK passport control
Will it be a bad history when i apply for schengen again
How to fly with Ryanair as a non-EU citizen?
Can I search for a train ticket from A to C via B?
What practices can help me hitchhike safely?
Transiting from the US to the UK through Madrid - would I pass through border control in Spain?
Are British immigration officers permitted to require evidence of a relationship between passengers and their children?
Entered USA with esta, leaving to Canada for 2 days and come back
How can I cheaply travel from Brussels South Charleroi Airport to Bruges?
Why does Ryanair check non-EU passengers' visas on intra-Schengen and domestic flights?
Can one take an Italian rental car into Slovenia and Croatia?
Transit at Munich Airport
Can I take a big jar of Nutella in my cabin luggage on a European flight?
Should I open a US bank account for my study abroad?
Will getting a refund from an ESTA scam site cause me to be blacklisted from the US?
Are children's toy guns allowed on a British Airways flight as carry-on?
I work in the UK on a short-term visa and my wife/daughter are in the UK on a tourist visa. Can we apply for a Schengen visa together in the UK?
What facility was our bus blocked from observing in northern Iran?
From Milan to Alps
Can I get married and then still go visit to the USA on my same tourist visa I had before changing my maiden name and being married?
International connection at US airport with US re-entry issue
How much goods can I bring into South Africa without paying import duty?
Multiple entry Schengen visa: Documents required at Immigration/Border control during second visit
Spouse with Danish residence permit's proofs necessary to apply my tourist Schengen Visa?
September/October in the Alps
Attending two semesters in the US at different Universities without a two year stay back home
French Schengen visa refused in India - what to do?
Can I get a Visa for Nepal in its border with India?
Why do hostels require you to 'rent' bedding?
Travelling around Iceland in mid November
Will residents of New York State need an Enhanced Driver's License (EDL) to fly domestically in the US in 2016?
Traveling to Seoul, phone questions
Can I stay longer than what my Schengen visa states?
Transit visa to UAE for Costa Rican citizen
As a USA citizen, can I cross the USA-Canada land border with my Hungarian passport?
Is it necessary to book a ferry ticket in advance in September for Greece?
What forms of identification can I use if I don't have a credit / debit card on the Deutsche Bahn if passports aren't allowed?
International flight - Changing airport and airline in New york
Buying train ticket from Bucharest to Constanța online?
Hostel wants my Credit Card security code via email, is this legit?
Car camping on transatlantic ship
Can I visit the US for tourism on a previously unused B1/B2 visa?
ESTA overstay and future visits to the US
Transit visa for India-Germany-Amsterdam
Change of itinerary and applying for UK visa after getting Schengen visa
I am interested if I need to obtain tourist visa befora I start my journey to USA or it can be obtained at the airport with an EU passport?
Do I need to show proof I will be leaving UK when I enter (as an EU citizen)?
Thailand to St Martens (West Indies)
Is a marriage certificate necessary to accompany husband who will be on business visa?
Do immigration officers check if i'm working or studying or unemployed?
Is there some way to find the cheapest airline tickets for a lot of countries
Bringing snacks purchased in India into the EU
Luggage, connecting flights and customs question for USA
can i travel within Schengen area while im holding a D visa with single entry
London public transport: Is it possible to buy a paper ticket for a single journey?
Can I fly from US to Spain with 30 new watches in my luggage?
what is the most advanced flight search engine besides Azuon and Matrix?
What documents do I need to provide for a UK Visitor Visa?
Is there a way to travel to Bhutan without paying the minimum spend rates?
Apple Pay used in UK with a US credit card
Can I leave the Schengen area from another country other than the one I issued the visa from?
Returning to India from the US with two laptops
I am German citizen and my wife is non EU with german spouse residence permit. Does she need a visa for visiting UK?
Arriving at Frankfurt Hahn late at night, how do I get to the city?
I am an Indian Permanent Resident of the US. I've lost my passport in India. What are the steps to replace it?
Does being refused entry to Singapore mean I am now blacklisted?
Do U.S. Domestic Flights Allow Carrying Meat Inboard?
Can I be denied a tourist visa for UAE after being deported due to a fake employment visa?
How to get from Lviv (Lvov) to Krakow by train on the cheap?
Giving details to Airbnb host
Apps to find local events
Portugal - fishing by tourist
What is a "Truck Zone" in the United States?
Buying Travel Insurance Whilst Abroad (UK Citizen)
Nature trip in Germany
Is there a way to look up live delay information for Eurostars?
Do multiple trips to the USA need multiple visa waivers?
During long on-train delays, what (if anything) should EU long distance operators be doing?
What's with NYC hotel prices in late March?
Taking personal prescription drugs to London?
Is "lol.travel" a real travel/flight booking site?
Can I bring extra baggage in qatar airways?
How to avoid to get your clothes to disappear in Indonesian laundry services?
Pay now vs pay later at expedia.com
How can I check the current situation in Budapest train station?
How do I pay for a US parking ticket from the UK?
Is it ok to refuse housekeeping services at a hotel?
What is the hotel room card slot inside the room for?
Flight booking web sites
What counts as "in original packaging" when traveling with prescription drugs?
Travel within Schengen countries - passport control
How could the land departure be recorded when re-entering the United States?
What is the rationale for requiring White House tours be scheduled through a member of Congress?
What is the best way to change money in Moscow?
stayed 86 days in netherlands, 180 days is up can i go back
Is 2.5 hours layover at Melbourne airport enough to catch next international flight with different airlines
Cardboard boxes on AeroMexico
Is the Laos/China border at Boten/Mohan open 24 hours?
Where exactly is the night market in Jinghong, Xishuangbanna (China)?
How to transfer at Dubai between Terminals 2 and 3 with luggage?
Are you allowed to stay in London parks after closing time?
How to fly to multiple destinations and luggages?
Travelling to Macedonia with German National visa
Travel on US B1/B2 visa thru Amsterdam
Can a foreigner rent guns in a shooting range in metro-DC area?
I'm transiting from Kuwait to Bahrain by car. What are the conditions of getting a Saudi Arabian transit visa?
Is there somewhere I can work on a laptop in or near London Euston station?
Does an ESTA cover a self-employed UK citizen, contracted by an Australian company for US work?
Absolute latest time I should arrive at the airport to not miss my flight?
Dubrovnik, Croatia to Kotor, Montenegro on a Sunday
How to use public transport inside European cities (short visits)?
Maldives Visa On Arrival, full page or a regular size stamp?
Fingerprint Process in Poland
Polish Airports' fingerprint Process
Car rentals in Spain
Does Central Ontario contain any 'drive-through' national parks or wildlife areas?
Can Algonquin Park (in Northeastern Ontario) be explored by vehicle?
Contain the Georgian Triangle and Southwestern Ontario any 'drive-through' parks or wildlife areas?
length of stay with 90/180 rule
Fixing an opened TSA lock
Can I travel in UK before switching to a study visa?
Is it possible to skip the last destination of an international flight?
I'm Singaporean, my 90-day Schengen stay has expired. Can I transit via Zurich from Croatia to UK?
How can I ship luggage from Chennai to Madurai in India?
Visiting the US after overstaying as a minor 13 years ago?
What is the size limit of the accessory bag on KLM flights?
Airfare from London area to Washington DC in July - why the massive increase?
Arriving in UK before Tier 4 student visa becomes 'valid'
Tour to Fukushima closed area?
Is the Lao / Myanmar border slated to open soon for foreigners?
Can I take home made food in my luggage on flight?
*Urgent* American citizen studying in the UK. Flight leaves tomorrow, visa in processing and no biometrics?
Chania port to Chania city
Getting to Sembach, Germany from Frankfurt Airport
Attractions & stopping points for young kids when driving between Dubbo and Canberra
Seeing The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
Airplane Seats and overhead storage
re enter USA with B1/B2 visa
When boarding a full plane, how can I guarantee that I can keep my handheld baggage with me?
Can an Indian citizen traveling in the US on a tourist visa apply for an Australian visa?
Does the Yagmur Continental hotel in Dubai really exist?
Why does it cost significantly more for a trip from Nicaragua to NYC than vice versa?
What is the APCONRGFEE on my Dollar Rent a Car receipt?
Flying from Canada to Australia w/ Stop in US (Baggage claim question)
After the Evacuation - how do people get reunited with their carryon luggage?
Can I travel to Spain on Long Stay French Visa(Student) to attend International conference?
The UK consulate in Romania refuses to process emergency travel documents. What are my options?
Canadian visa agencies like canadianvisaexpert - are the legit or should I fill out the visa forms myself?
Can I get into Thailand if my outgoing flight is 3 months later?
Entering USA with F1 visa
What is the difference between type C and type SE plugs?
Staying exactly the number of allowed days in the visa. Problems?
Can I enter **FIRST** to a different schengen country from my d-type national visa
Taizé prayer in Bucharest: where?
Is it ok to change Eurail pass showed for getting Schengen visa?
Travel from Tanger MED to Tetouan
Can an Indian national with Schengen multiple visa visit Gibraltar?
UK visa for less than 24 hours of stay
Is there a difference in max alcohol allowed to take to US between personal use and marketing use?
Flying together but parting ways later on.
Looking for a good flight cost comparison site for flexible schedule
Extension of Schengen visa as a student
Scenic route from Switzerland to Calais
Can i carry two iphone 6s from hongkong to india?
What is the Tanger GR bus terminal destination?
Do I, Ghanaian, need a transit visa at Istanbul airport on Turkish Airlines for connecting to Singapore?
How to travel from Cedar Rapids to Chicago by bus?
Visa queries from an Indian planning a Machu Picchu, Peru vacation
If I have a multiple-entry Schengen visa, is it ok to exit Schengen area without visiting the visa-issuing country on the first visit?
Name change in reservation ticket
What did I do wrong in my interview for a US tourist visa? What can I do to avoid refusal in the future?
Electrical Components in Checked In luggage
Is it possible to get a multiple-entry visa for Cambodia before arrival?
Inexpensive vehicular guided tour of Sydney
Maximum amount of money allowed when immigrating into the U. S
Parking near the Maksimir Stadium - Zagreb
UK General Visitor Visa - Evidence to be provided regarding my last trip to Europe
Traveling Around Europe
Can I get a multi-entry Schengen visa if travelling to two different countries on two separate trips?
Buying/using Railcard (UK) from USA
Can Bulgarian residents enter the UK without a visa?
ESTA - Air or Land?
How to get to Resolute Bay from Toronto without going broke?
Does a "refused Schengen visa" application affect future Employment/Jobseeker visa applications?
Bus transportation from Renaissance Hotel in Johor Bahru
What's the cheapest way to get around from and to Mainland China, Taiwan, and Japan?
What happens if you are refused entry between two countries?
Does being granted a B1/B2 visa for the US and not going have any consequences?
If I'm on a Qantas 747-400, can I move seats after takeoff?
Train trip from Stockholm to Hamburg via Copenhagen next week (amid closures due to migrants/refugees)
How can I find places where I can store my bag in a city?
How can I find a local guide to take me safely up Mt Toubkal in Morocco?
Which currency should I carry to Australia from Bangladesh?
Can I buy a Graphics card in the US and bring it back to EU?
How much (roughly) would it be for a bus from Shanghai, China, to Hanoi, Vietnam?
Can I travel to the USA, in transit to a different country, without a flight back to my own country?
Do I need a transit visa at Heathrow airport while traveling from Toronto to Delhi
With a Danish train ticket, can you pause for a few hours when changing trains?
How to avoid getting a visa refusal when applying for a UK visitor visa?
Different baggage allowance on two legs of a flight (TAP/LOT)
How many bottles of perfume can I bring in to India when flying back from Dubai?
Do long-distance buses in Iceland typically permit getting off outside timetabled stops?
I weight 400 lbs and wondering if it is necessary to buy a second seat
Can I get a Qatar visa on arrival coming from India, I have UAE residence visa
Traveling to Canada via Turkey
How to become a member of the "Totally Insane Travel Society"?
A cosy café in central Paris that is open late at night?
Traveling to Dubai from Egypt with an expired Egyptian visa
Boarding & Internal Transfer facility conneting flight with 2 PNRin domestic flight
Does HK 7-Days Transit visa-free policy still exist?
Denied entry to the UK after having student visa refused a week earlier, what are my options now?
Does the boarding pass contain sensitive information after flight?
Cheapest transport from Akasaka to Narita Airport (2 pax)
Entering the UAE as a Filipino citizen resident in Taiwan: do I need any documents besides my tourist visa?
Can I strap a small bag to my backpack so that it still counts as one bag?
Is it possible to insist on having your ID checked at the police station, not in the street in Austria?
Vacation visa requirements to Jamaica
UK citizen Entering the UK on a one way ticket and US passport
Exporting Lava Stones from Tenerife within EU
Am I banned from entering the USA?
Coordinates of the Matsushima castle (松島城)?
Travel in Schengen zone with long term Visa expiry this month but residence permit valid till Mar 2016
Which cities should I visit in China to feel and live the three kingdoms era?
Which domestic flights depart from Sydney international terminal?
Can I travel to EU states with a Bulgarian Blue Card?
Received parking ticket in LA which I think is wrong. I don't live in US anymore. What to do?
How can I make a wedding toast in Spanish (1 sentence)?
What is meant by "Country of residence" in Australian Visa Application form?
South Korea vs. Japan. Which gets cold earlier in autumn?
Why are sleeper buses so rare in some parts of the world, yet common in others?
Air India delayed by 5 hours
Most convenient ticket option for a weekend in London via Gatwick
Travel in trains due to recent migrant crisis in Europe?
How can I rectify my passport error with the USA embassy?
Is it possible to hike the Carpathian Mountains as a 2 or 3 day trip staying in Poland?
Applying for a Kosovo tourist visa from India
Other agencies for passport
Where to find schedule for bus from Peniche to Baleal
Are trains from Narita Airport running on New Year's eve?
Christmas time in the Kansai area
Multiple Airbnb accounts for one stay
Proof of finance when entering the Ukraine as a German citizen
Using American's Admiral Lounge when I have a ticket from Gulf Air on an American-operated flight
Why aren't UK visa applicants given a chance to explain themselves before getting a refusal? And does one refusal affect other applications?
Flight information on past flights
US Quarter Dollar Coins of different states (4 sets)
Are websites promising to get refunds for delayed flights reliable?
Purchasing ticket for my dog
Is the US Passport Card beneficial as backup documentation?
Canada tourist visa online appication
I have two passports, one is where the visa stamp is and other has no visa stamp. What is the step to use it?
Crossing the Lao/Thai border at Ban Than - no border office?
Book flight without credit card
Flying to Frankfurt with a transit through Paris - is 90 minutes enough for a layover?
Is the amount of water going over Niagara Falls very different in September compared to summer?
What do the intra-Schengen border controls - reinstated in September 2015 - change?
Do I need a pre-paid hotel reservation to apply for a Schengen visa?
Buy analog photographic material in Kiev and Odessa
Leaving transit area at intermediate stop (Berlin to Kiev via Riga)
Do I need to label my luggage on the French TGV?
When are azaleas blooming in Sendai?
Dubai International Airport - Terminal 2 to Terminal 3?
Type of visa to apply to attend a conference in the UK
Things required for nice beach experience
Can I bring duty free liquids through LIM-CDG-LHR?
Elder person with hypertension flying first time. Anything we should know beforehand?
I have 6 days left on my 90 day Schengen. Will I meet with trouble entering Switzerland?
How to visit my mother in UK who is in a serious condition at hospital, from India
Raft trip down a river
Can I enter Paris with Spain visa?
UK General visa inquiry
Bubble Wrap/Zip Lock - Harry Potter Wands
Can I travel after visa's intended travel date?
What gift do girls prefer in Belarus?
Are airlines not liable for damages and losses to the contents of luggage?
How can I know English flight times from Manchester airport?
What countries issues E-visa to Nigerian national?
Can I enter the UK as a UK citizen and resident on an Australian passport?
First name and middle name printed the wrong way around on ticket!
What sort of power adapter do I need to use Norwegian electronics in UK
How can an Indian citizen travel to Trinidad and Tobago from India without needing a transit visa along the way?
Do "Magic Bars" exist outside of Japan?
Using Britrail Pass - reservations
Identifying reserved seats on British trains
Seat availability on DB ICE train Brussels - Cologne
How can I get my passport from the Brazilian consulate in Los Angeles after it issues my visa?
Travelling to Spain via London, Madrid or Barcelona
Access to Midosuji line platforms with luggage
90 days stay with tourist visa in USA
Will I be denied student visa?
UK Rail Season Ticket and Intermediate Stations
Can I travel when US visa extension is pending?
What is the most common transmission type for rental cars in Japan?
When buying flight with AAdvantage points do you still pay $ at the end?
What visa or documents are required for a visit to France as a Trinidadian?
Is it possible to camp in a tent in Finland
Amsterdam transit with Irish visa
Do Filipino citizens need a transit visa when traveling through Paris and Hong Kong to Manila?
Hotel asking cancellation fee
Chinese 72 hour transit visa rule: exact start time of period
Car ferries time distance
Need advice before applying for Schengen (Visit to friends and family or tourist)
Proof of funds for 3 month USA trip?
What does the first line in an Galileo itinerary mean?
Why do airplanes not use two regular 3.5mm jacks?
Can I renew my passport after giving the passport number to the airline?
Is there a limit to a total number of months a holder of UK multiple entry visitor visa can spend in UK per calendar year?
Is this document likely partly sufficient to obtain a USA medical visa?
What's the longest scheduled public bus ride in the world?
Do I need to claim and recheck baggage at each of two connections between US and UK?
Buying tickets (1 Single and 2 Return tickets) from London to Delhi
What is the name of the travel show that exposes how travelers are conned?
How to get baggage at the carousel skipping connecting flight
Schengen Refusal: unable to understand reason
How can I use flight alliance websites to book multipart flights?
In Japan, is English more likely to be understood and spoken by young people than old people?
Schengen 2 entry with for 10 days
Can I travel with Ryanair with a DSLR special bag as second hand luggage?
Is the Ikea Upptäcka bag accepted as cabin baggage on Ryanair flights?
Qatar Airways Eco Power Outlet A350
Allocation of shares of expenditure to dependants on Standard Visitor visa applications
Trying local Romanian cuisine in Bucharest
What counts as a bag and what counts as a vest?
Is there a direct train from Brussels Airport to Antwerpen-Centraal?
I plan to go US, Can I take my portable charge to the airplane? It is a EasyAcc 20000mAh power bank
"Do not board" message at the airport check-in?
Where near the Dead Sea can you most likely get to see a Hyrax?
Trying to find a specific restaurant in Jerusalem
Can I enter the US with a visa issued outside my home country?
Are there any restaurants in Tokyo that serve Sannakji?
Can I reach Liberty Island earlier than reserved time?
What can I do at Muscat airport for 8 hours?
Schengen visa - 90/180 rule
How often can I visit the USA on ESTA in one year?
When entering the EU, can one bag count for two people's duty free allowances?
Why did Singapore Airlines decide to discontinue the longest non-stop flight in the world?
Traveling without passport - just a Green Card - between US and UK?
Why is it uncommon to fill airliners from both ends?
At what time of day are advance bookings opened for the New York Federal Reserve
What is the best bus route to travel from Salzburg to Munich by public transportation regarding the refugee issue
Am I entitled to US Visa Waiver Program?
Hotels with outdoor swimming pools for winter
Flying Chennai to Auckland, do I need a transit visa in Melbourne?
Luggage in European trains: limitations and check-in
Do I need a passport travelling within Schengen through Kyiv?
Power Adapter for travel: Grounding
Schengen Visa for germany Refusal Reason #8. Should I Appeal or wait to reapply after 3 months
Culture Day in Osaka/Kyoto
Which hotels in Amsterdam have hot tubs in the rooms?
Japan: Hamanasu night express train service status
Which buses from London to Continental Europe take the ferry?
2 CharlieCards, 1 Wallet?
Bringing cash into the USA
Swimming in the Dead Sea
Tagetes flower in Ukraine
How to protect valuable objects in sleeping car from being stolen
Why animal drugs don't need permission at airports?
Uk visa Refusal
Schengen visa duration of stay
How to get a 10 Year UK Tourist Visa?
UK entry denied: how to go about ensuring access next time
What's the cheapest way to get from Melbourne's two airports to Southern Cross Station?
My old passport expired and was unused. As an Indian citizen, would I need it while applying for a visa to Japan in Taiwan?
What are the options to travel to Mecca or Jabal al-Nour as a non-Muslim?
Do I need a return flight for all airlines to go to Argentina?
China - 72 Hours Visa on Arrival rule
Is it possible to cross the Wagan border by car?
What is the bright light between Singapore and Tokyo?
Dual nationality and ESTA
Being separated from one's young children on a flight
U.S. connection from abroad
travel insurance only for missed or canceled flights
What do I need to do to move in with a friend and his family in another country?
Is it normal that a socket only gives electricity when the plug is plugged in one way?
How do I know when to use an adapter or a transformer? (Israel)
Can KLM Checked-in baggage be **not suitcase**?
Is it still possible to find mileage run flights and if so, how?
Should I be compensated by Air India for demoting me from business to economy from London to Delhi?
Solo traveller from UK to John F. Kennedy International Airport, NY
Help re protocol on landing at JFK?
How safe is Vesterbro, Copenhagen?
Can you take large umbrellas on a plane?
Can I take an extra piece of luggage to the USA?
Where can I rent a car in Toronto without a credit card?
No later than which week in October should autumn foliage be seen, in Ontario?
Moscow subway last train time
Is it normal for a Hotel to kick out a sick child?
Kruger vs Serengeti
Tourist visa to Costa Rica as a Filipino?
UK: Train vs. Car in 2015
Rules for wild swimming in France
Returning to UK from John F. Kennedy International Airport, NY
How to visit Edinburgh during a layover at Edinburgh Airport?
Is China going to be added to the list of countries eligible for working holidays in Australia as part of the upcoming visa changes?
What's the price of a Vietnamese tourist visa in Laos for an Australian national?
How to vet an overseas travel agency
Possible to acquire a Dutch passport with dutch grandparents?
finding flights with flexible origination points
I am 17 looking to travel within florida, what kind of places can I stay as an unaccompanied minor?
Can transit in Japan or korea
Tourist visa processing times at the Italian consulate in San Francisco
Belgium tourist visa refusal, is appealing worth it or not?
Can I buy airfare using one passport (visa required) and then use another (no visa required) to enter the country?
Indian holding EU residence permit. Can I visit Ireland?
A good way to go from Dresden to Warsaw?
Planning a trip to Niagara Falls on US side only (Amtrak)
How do I prove excessive quantity of goods are for my personal use?
Is a Cambodian visa on arrival available at the Chong Sa Ngam / Anlong Veng crossing from Thailand?
Getting refused entry and removed at Heathrow, X in passport
What's the status of this border crossing between Thailand and Cambodia?
Are there cycling-friendly cities in Southeast Asia (except Singapore)?
What is the easiest and cheapest way to transport skis and skiing equipment (helmet, glasses, winter jacket) from Slovakia to Turin, Italy?
US layover Petty Offense Exception for passenger with a criminal record
Visit the UK with an expired French identity card
How many laptops can I take from India to UK in flight?
Train or bus from Wroclaw to Warsaw?
How to get to Berlin Schönefeld airport at 5 in the morning by public transport?
With Capital One rewards credit cards: if I book on United, do I get PQM?
Can Reading buses short hop fares be paid by smart card?
Is there a resource that lists long trip bus companys operating by city, in Europe?
Is it convenient to change money in Zgorzelec (Poland)?
Walking from Santiago to Buenos Aires
Traveling to New Zealand for 2 weeks - Verizon Phone and what to do?
Can others in my party go through TSA PreCheck?
Can Samsung Galaxy S5 be used in South Korea?
Is it possible to check in an additional piece of luggage in Singapore on a layover?
Fast lane in the UK?
Where can I find details on the level of difficulty of ATV/4x4 trails in Ontario, Canada?
Originally travelled as a tourist on B1/B2 visa. Can I use it for business purposes?
UK student visitor refused, what to do next?
Heavy traffic in Taiwan during New Year's Day?
Travel with new passport and missing visa
Can I travel to Dublin, Republic of Ireland with UK Tier 2/Schengen visas with Indian Passport
Do I need a visa to transit in Dublin, when traveling from India to USA?
Is there a list of authorized airline companies that can fly in/to Europe?
Direct contact for oneworld
Consequences of withholding information for a UK visa
Will U.S. Customs at international airports be discreet when asking me about previous criminal charges?
Bus stops at Ottawa University
Schengen visa issued by Italy, can I visit the Netherlands?
Do the governments of United Kingdom and USA share immigration data?
Can I pay tips with credit card in Israel (just like in US)
Is it possible to check-in a small bag which is usually used as a cabin bags?
How can one get a flight receipt from Priceline?
How can I predict whether an LCD clock will "fade" over time?
Online booking confirmation
Regarding electronic item to carry
How to find jobs on a working holiday in Québec (Montréal) with mediocre French skills
Which currency to use in Patagonia?
Can I get NEXUS in California?
Booking a flight with a luggage limit via Adioso / Expedia
Receive packages from Amazon.de while in Germany for 3 weeks (Tourist)
How can I determine if it is possible to check luggage during a layover?
Luggages transfer in transit to a different airline
Standard Visitor visa validity
Do I need to buy a return ticket for my son coming here to Malaysia?
Cast iron pot in cabin luggage?
How to go from Vladivostok to Beijing by land?
Visiting my Girlfriend in the US for two months - what's the likelihood of a problem?
How do I pay for something via a konbini kiosk without actually being in Japan?
Donating unwanted foreign coins in Sydney
Bandipur national park opening dates?
In what situation we can see the aurora in Fairbanks?
Is there a way to get a visa appointment faster?
Croatia & Bosnia-Herzegovina Border between Split - Dubrovnik
Schengen Visa Annulment and Subsequent Removal
Advised to get a tourist visa after long trip to US but was denied. Can I get an ESTA, now?
Traveling to France with prescripton medications
Is it possible to change Russian Rubles to EUROs in Irkutsk?
Is it cheaper to book a hotel online or at the desk?
Code shared flights after BA / Aer Lingus merger
Brand New Box of Perfume never opened 3.4 oz
Leaving Russia with Schengen Visa
Can I get my first-time H-1B visa stamped in the US consulate in London?
Which Visa for Indian citizen in US travelling to Dubai en-route to India?
Visit visa for husband
Transfer from Khaosan Rd to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok
Once a visa got refused to one country, will it affect the visa to another country?
Eyewitness weather reports in India?
Visiting Yosemite in December - Will car rentals provide me with snow chains?
Belarus/Russia border and passport control
While there be any issue applying for a new passport before stamping?
How to get a visa for Qatar when holding a visa invitation letter?
Can I add relatives as references in Indian passport renewal form?
Do the Russian Railways offer discounts in November?
Is overstaying 90 day limit in USA by one day a problem?
Travel to UK and planning to take wife
Traveling in other Schengen countries with photo copy residence permit along with passport?
Can a baby travel with Grandparents from US to India?
When renting a car, how to get the exact chosen model and not the similar?
Ceramic knives and airport (or any other) security
How do I renew a visa to enter the US from Bolivia?
Are Russian cities other than Moscow and Petersburg expensive?
Visa was refused because I couldn't demonstrate that I am visiting my mother, can I reapply and what should I change?
How much time to give myself to change airlines on Changi Airport with and without baggage?
US tourist visa after being denied but with transit visa
I have forgotten my ID proof and I'm doing an Indian domestic flight. Can I still fly?
How much money would be ideal for 3.5 months in SE Asia?
Transiting in the UK, going to US with valid visa
What to do to get Visa before my travelling date?
Can visas be stamped in an old passport, provided that I have a new one?
Schengen Visa from Seattle?
Wallpaper picture location - Lake with mountains
Is this airliner-shaped lake real?
How far can I be from Britain and be in "British X"?
Will Wi-Fi passwords in Russia be in Cyrillic? How do I type them on a Latin keyboard?
US to India layover in London
Transit visa needed or not for Delhi Airport?
Can booking a flight or an hotel stay be more expensive during the weekend?
Do Italian citizens need a visa to enter Dubai?
what is the best way to go manali from gujrat?
Visa Category for tourist and work in the US
USA airport change, visa requirement
Travel time in Paris between Montparnasse and Paris St Michel
How to contact the Mexican Consulate in Boston?
Cheapest way to get from Germany to India and back with flexible dates
What does 'Pay for bed clothes' mean on the russian railways website?
Immigrating to UK, I have a layover in Dublin. Will that cause me problems?
Does Newark Terminal B have Automated Passport Control?
