sed command to replace a blank line with two lines of content
'Open .bash_profile' conflict on Ubuntu
Imagemagick -quality 85 doesn't work
I don't have a /dev/dsa yet I have audio!
Grub does not recognize password
Differences between sed on Mac OSX and other "standard" sed?
Zip contents of some subfolders but not others
How to properly prepare a server for power outages?
Can you specify a separate trap in a subshell created with ()?
How can I install MS Windows fonts on Fedora 15?
File descriptors & shell scripting
How to save a GNOME 3 session
Python library conflict with lower version
Is there a way to get the min, max, median, and average of a list of numbers in a single command?
Generating random noise for fun in /dev/snd/
Adding an unused partition to a linux filesystem
VMO Changes After Adding New RAM To AIX?
How can I detect when a monitor is plugged in or unplugged?
Setting up an access point
Fixing mime type on Ubuntu
How do I recursively grep through compressed archives?
How do I unset a background in gnome on the command line?
Kernel inotify watch limit reached
prevent XFCE from showing display settings on laptop lid close/open
How to reset all iptables settings?
Create a new file by removing the new line character at the end of file
Solution to get data from memory of a process
How to monitor traffic when SSH tunneling?
How to convert to HTML code?
Linux axel write error
dd if=/dev/random is 'randomly' bottlenecked with BIG time lags, but I have no idea why
Why does the file command say that ELF binaries are for Linux 2.6.9?
How to determine which process is creating a file?
Virtualbox, mounting guest directory on host computer
Is there a way to run 'screen' in read-only mode?
How do I run uTorrent?
Debugging shell scripts: Syntax checking without executing
LoggedFS configuration file syntax
Does optimizing for size reduce runtime memory usage as well as binary size?
Image (having text-and-numbers) to text-file matching [:alnum:] nicely with some Unix -tool?
Execute a specific command in a given directory without cd'ing to it?
Using sed to replace a line with many special characters?
Need for thread_info structure in Linux 2.6 Kernel
Find creator of resource in X
Building a home file server using Arch Linux
df says I have 20G more disk space used than du. Why?
Record screen in X
What are the virtues of multitasking with traditional job control vs Tmux/Screen?
Edit really big files with vi
Find server with small ping latency (my script, but can anyone write it in e.g.: Perl?)
Bash, curious about echo $variable
Problems with vuze plugins
Wipe last 1MB of a Hard drive
Packaging Google Chrome and Flash into a Linux Distro?
Overclocking software for Linux?
Do the parent directory's permissions matter when accessing a subdirectory?
Is the `ed` editor useful for any purpose besides emergencies and batch editing?
How to detect whether "find" found any matches?
sed one-liner to replace word-medial capitals
Can't access USB HDD
--remote-schema option for rdiff-backup
Should I be backing up my SSH host keys?
Is there a way to tell which file (script, specifically) executed a command?
How can I lock my own account from remote ssh login with password?
minimal install, still want gnome!
Set up network to share a printer connected to one particular machine on the network
Gifsicle on CentOS? x86_64
Set up password-less SSH tunneling from home computer behind NAT to inside computer behind gateway
How to select/delete until end of file in vim/gvim?
Delete the first n bytes of files
How to make bash history prefix-sensitive?
mon linux monitor install on centos - can't find glib.h although present
Esker ActiveX Plug-in for Firefox under Linux?
Make laptop to wake up by keyboard and mouse
"mkdir foo; svn mv * foo"
How to decide how much memory to allocate per core for MPI app GENE?
Will I be able to use old fashion interface in Gnome 3?
Setting up internal Bluetooth card on Linux 2.6.38
Installing Gentoo packages as an ordinary user (non-root)
How to check that perf events are enabled in Linux kernel, and how to install perf userland as non-root?
github ssh problem- permission denied(publickey)
Where can I download the hash of an OpenBSD release ISO?
Distrowatch mistake?
What are my choices when I want to convert DVD format to AVI under Linux?
What is the fastest Virtualization solution for Linux?
sending text input to a detached screen
What encryption to use for good performance?
mdadm raid1 and what chunksize (or blocksize) on 4k drives?
How to map ataX.0 identifiers in kern.log error messages to actual /dev/sdY devices?
howto inflate AND extract a .tar.bz2 using the 7-zip command line tool
Prevent claiming of novelty usb device by usbhid so I can control it with libusb?
Show top five CPU consuming processes with `ps`
What is this new /run filesystem?
Mounting a device — role of /dev, /media and /mnt, and the mount command
Is there a Linux tool for defragging NTFS partitions?
find not recursive when file at top
Can I make alt-tab window always appear on the primary screen in Gnome?
X problems on Fedora 15
pad a number with zeroes
sed, grep, or tr command that returns only Latin characters from a UTF-8 file
Configure postfix to send and receive to and from localhost
How can I break away from an SSH session that has crashed?
script does not behave properly when called by acpi and udev events
How can I encrypt a device with loop-aes under Linux?
The merits of a partitionless filesystem
Debian wake up from suspend password
Issues compiling Tanuki Java Service wrapper version 3.1.2 under armv5tel architecture
Can someone sniff NFS over internet?
Check that there was an error one-liner in script
How to show Nautilus toolbar and file tree sidebar?
What fonts are good for unicode glyphs
Searching for a sawfish config
How can I make a bootable usb flashdrive?
cfgmgr like command under Linux?
alpine failed to connect to smtp.gmail.com
VirtualBox guest hangs when starting vbox additions
VirtualBox guest hangs when: Starting Apparmor profiles
Search & remove text in files from a source file
Starting a service during startup
Fedora 15 - Limited RAM Access
Fedora 15 - Audio Configuration
What is kernel ip forwarding?
Questions on using command mount
returning strings corresponding to shell glob matching
How does rpm resolve library dependencies?
How can I automate sending mail using a script?
logical volume, logical disk, volume, partition, physical disk and filesystem
Gnome 3 notification doesn't appear While vlc is runnig
How to check that AES-NI is supported by my CPU?
How to change a *.tbz's +INSTALL file, and repack the package in FreeBSD, without installing the package
Indenting multiple files
How to remove the directory a symbolic link links to plus the symbolic link?
Using live-helper offline
X, Xorg and D-Bus: what is the difference?
Compiz - making sure windows do not overlap
Search and replace in multiple files based on condition
How to disable wifi autonegotiation on debian6.0
Search and replace text within multiple files
Making a duplicate of a path in Unix
real memory usage
Why do most linux distros default gnome?
Is it possible to execute a VIM script in a non-interactive mode?
Is it possible to set Gnome Terminal's title to "user@host" for whatever host I'm connected to?
gksudo not caching credentials
What is a good desktop *nix aside from Linux, *BSD, and OS X?
Extract only a specific file from a zipped archive to a given directory
How to know when and which user logged into the system under Mac OS X? Last is not enough!
GTK - Enable/set dark theme on a per-application basis
Bind unprivileged application to privileged port on Mac OS X
How to update boost of OpenSuse 11.4 to boost version 1.46?
Install virtual machine as non-root?
rsync an mpd playlist
GNU screen: move between regions
What is a better way to deal with server disconnects of sshfs mounts?
Vim - buffer names in the cmd line area
Puzzle: transferring files between two servers (ssh, ftp, http multipart...)
ignore hosts file in ZSH ssh/scp tab-complete
How do I find the window dimensions and position accurately including decorations?
SSH tunneling error: "channel 1: open failed: administratively prohibited: open failed"
Is there a pager that stops on form feeds?
List partition labels from the command line
Displaying stdout of a background process in specific location of the terminal
Directory with +x permission, parents without it. When would this be useful?
My alias parser works on the command line but not from a script
Strange Character in my Bash prompt?
Unable to make outbound SNMP connections when IPTables is enabled
Output progess of the scp/sftp command to both standard out and a file on linux server
Why does SCP hang on copying files larger than 1405 bytes?
scp without replacing existing files in the destination
How to find tty from which a particular cmd "scp" is executed
SCP from one server to another without password prompt
How do I copy all files and directories, except certain ones over ssh?
Cannot open shared object file when using D compiler
Apache won't start on Fedora 15
How do I remove a file I accidentally created named $file?
What are the ways to improve system stability and prevent data loss in conditions of frequent hard reboots and/or kernel panics?
Is /dev/random data a psuedo-random AES cypher, and where does the entropy come from?
Cut on both characters and field
Which live USB distribution offers selective persistence?
Do I need root (admin) permissions to run userspace 'perf' tool? (perf events are enabled in Linux kernel)
CutyCapt seems to ignore the Xvfb screen size parameters
zsh tab completion on empty line
Problems with apt-get upgrade on Debian (404 Not Found)
How to configure Xorg for a dynamic dual monitor setup
How to upgrade application to the latest version using yum in Fedora?
ethernet not found- load module into linux kernel?
IANA image format string from binary stream
Precedence of stdin and stdout redirection in Bash
bind's path to 'named.pid' looks a bit weird after a not-so-smooth package installation
Copy/Move whole folder but with certain extentions
In my Dell R310 server, i would like to install CentOS, but for RAID1 what special care i need?
Installed TigerVNC, can't connect?
find out the culprit process
How do you make RPROMPT in zsh update itself on every enter?
Get exit status of process that's piped to another
What is a cheap Citrix XenServer build?
VPN like solution for SSH Tunneling?
How to test the difference between using disk encryption or not?
Kdevelop project setup with symlinked files not seeing custom include paths
How to execute Zeo Decoder Viewer on Linux?
Easily Share a folder with a Windows computer in Fedora 15 (Gnome 3)?
Can I set a gnome keyboard shortcut to be a prefix key, like in emacs, tmux or screen?
deleting a 'file' under /proc or /dev
Difference between slow system calls and fast system calls
Aptitude: What is the filter for virtual packages that has been provided?
Can 'nix handle NTFS ADS data streams?
Moving tmux pane to window
postfix default alias used even when I have other aliases
Bash CD up until in certain folder
Which Grub to use for a custom portable boot image?
apt-get - autoremove wants to uninstall Gnome
How to restrict an SSH user to only allow SSH-tunneling?
Using xrandr freezes computer completely
How to create a "jailed" environment for an application under Linux?
Сan I configure FreeBSD to use DHCP or a static IP depending on the detected ssid?
NTP tool for showing deviance to a certain server
Understanding tcpdump output on a linux router 
ls -a not showing folder "system", but echo * shows it
Kernels of different distributions of Unix and of Linux
Use find to execute series of commands
Why is bash completion of a symlink different than a directory?
How do I tell I'm running in a chroot?
Find out that driver is installed properly
How to access network without NetworkManager in Fedora 15?
Excessive Samba messages in logs, how to mediate?
Seamless mode in XEN?
Is there a vim shortcut for <name of current file>?
Read/Write to a Serial Port Without Root?
List iptables rules as append command
Problems setting up TigerVNC and firewall
rm command returns a message [1] 12345 What does this mean?
How can I configure fair bandwidth sharing between cgroups?
Difference between POSIX, Single UNIX Specification, and Open Group Base Specifications?
Changing owner of NAS drive
List USB ports in linux
Classification of Linux distributions
fedora on the asus transformer?
How do I know that my CPU supports 64bit operating systems under Linux?
Telnet over Ethernet for Linux?
Are there any GUI's for Linux that doesn't use X11?
How to move the existing mount point from /usr/local to /usr in Ubuntu 11.04?
Documentation for vifm?
Chrooted SFTP with full access to SSH stopped working (Debian)
How to migrate between two keyrings in gnome-keyring
Sharing window between workspaces in Xmonad
Running MPlayer through a PHP script
Difference between block size and cluster size
How to set up tea-time in emacs to use native notification system in gnome
How can I install VLC 1.1.10 or 1.1.9 in CentOS 5.6 or CentOS 6.0?
With full data journaling, why does data appear in the directory immediately?
Fail to install perf on slackware 13.1
What is Dom0 and how can one use it?
Choosing virtual machine software on Linux
Why is Linux commonly used as operating system for supercomputers?
GRUB File Not Read Correctly
Increase font size in rxvt-unicode without editing ~/.Xdefaults
_path_files and compadd ignore-files parameter
Cloning a bootable USB stick to a different-sized stick
Quit VIM is slow, usually 2 seconds, it shows
Live Linux CD/DVD with Bittorrent client, Java, Flash, VLC?
Does truecrypt leave behind temporary files
How to resize an IMG file's partition info?
Wayland and full-screen apps
Changing default audio device in Pulseaudio
Red Hat and Windows 7 dual boot system
Vim keybinding to delete up to (but not including) the next period
Fetching email automatically then reading it locally
rxvt-unicode + mc - strange characters in root shell only
finding the absolute directory
Where are the Linux kernel parameters present in /proc/sys documented?
killall gives me `no process found ` but ps
Difference between Gentoo and Funtoo
Does mc (Midnight Commander) have favourites for directories?
Detect if an ELF binary was built with gprof instrumentation?
Why would someone choose FreeBSD over Linux?
Screen corruption after hibernate — Is there another way to refresh the X11 display?
Why would vim return non-zero exit code if I exit immediately after opening?
Find a string only in a specific file inside subdirectories
Network fail on FreeBSD: Ping to router fails, but router believes computer is connected
Git - remove deleted files
keepalive script for application daemons?
Is route add ... the best way of directing traffic through a vpn
How do I hide packages from appearing in apt system?
Prevent showing time stamp message when running "tar xzf"
Failure Writing a Multi-Session Audio/Data CD w/ cdrdao
Can an executable know where it is stored?
How to add another domain to my chrooted named server
How to limit resource usage to save CPU+RAM for a certain process?
Different access rights for different groups for a folder on Linux
raid 1/LVM at the level of directories (aka mknodding a directory)
Debian 6 - Disk partitioning too long
Is there any useful metadata inside shared objects, and if so, how do I extract it?
Limiting the Size of Apache HTTPD Memory Footprint
How to monitor or kill a process which has been started by cron?
Setting up a Gentoo Repository on a Debian Host
How to recover data from a bad SD card?
Fedora repository release cycle?
Where can I get Debian initial version ISOs?
Finding out with which parameters a program was started
When does UNIX "defrag"? (specifically Solaris)
Knoppix multiple desktops
How can I send SMS messages from my mobile/router? (Linux/Textmode)
The common practice to share file for all users on the same machine?
Which process/program create/write the file which I/O is redirected to?
Listing packages in Yum that depend on another installed package
How to make exported shell variables permanent?
Gnome3: How to add more search options
How can I set that only root + a given user can shut down my pc?
Are there any screen locking solutions for openbox?
How to check for hardware errors with software methods?
MP3 to Audio converter under Fedora
Status of adding Reiser4 to the Linux kernel
parsing process ID/names from /proc, thread IDs
Apt/Aptitude: how to filter packages that are impossible to install?
Looking for information on the FISH protocol
Running vim on a remote Linux machine "freezes" OS X SSH connection
How to get info about given webserver FAST?
Lightweight utility/program to run a command after a random delay
Computer logs out when resuming from sleep
Use convert to grab a specific page from a PDF file?
can I cd or use hot directory in shell link in mc?
General questions about OpenBSD source code and release dates
How to fetch and process mail in order to execute commands?
Retrieve countries timezones
Bash and Tab Auto-complete
How to use third party notification area with gnome shell
Tool to monitor in and out data network traffic w graphs and detailed stats
How to auto-restart squid on ubuntu!
How to run a .jar file? No main class found
How to generate random IP addresses
Measuring Python script bandwidth usage
Bash executes a different file from the one prompted, even when providing full path
Core files when the symbols are stripped
Mounting an ext3 fs with user privledges
Hostname to fully qualified doman name expansion
nacl crypto installation on arch
External hard drive fails to mount
How can I add a space automatically after every command I type in bash?
How to use find command with wildcard when current directory contains a match?
Removing control chars (including console codes / colours) from script output
NVIDIA installer can't find kernel source/build files (compiled from kernel.org)
How to jail a fastcgi server (or a web-proxied server)?
Faster delayed execution than 1 minute?
How to setup proxy authentication in the Debian shell?
DynDNS alternative for SSH?
How can I bind multiple tmux commands to one keystroke?
The zip format's external file attribute
Is the linux directory structure obsolete and obtuse?
ATA_PIIX Driver Source Code
script to use the output of a command (ls) and use it in another command
changing current working dir with a script
ls: how do I list directories sorted by timestamps of the files it contains
view stdout for another pts
Need command-line program to download all of http:// https:// scp:// ftp:// style links (on e.g. ubuntu)
Does Fedora play all movie formats out- of-the-box?
vi command for adding blank line?
What are the Implications of moving to Huge mem kernel on RHEL4
stop parallel processing for a cron triggered process
Run command when checking for new mail in mutt
Tutorial about key mapping in KSH in EMACS mode
Which GNU/Linux distribution for an old system from 1999?
How to map ALT key in .vimrc?
debug php script and output result and errors to a text file
How do I make a droplet/.app in platypus for my unix command?
Why isn't sed greedy in this simple case?
How to fix possibly wiped MBR after centOS install?
Sed regex - include original matching
How / where to get sources for kernel-2.6.36-gentoo-r4 in Gentoo Linux distribution?
Conky buffer too small?
Recursive chmod only folders or only files via script or nautilus menu?
How do I get QEMU to open without a BadWindow error after ssh'ing with X11 forwarding?
What is a command line alternative to top for finding current CPU utilization that isn't dependent on screen width?
fedora 15, oracle 11, python3: can't find or open libclntsh.so.11.1
vim editing/switching between multiple files efficiently in large directory structures
"Error: permission denied" error from Transmission Client
How to change profile to search current directory?
fedora 15, oracle 11: can't login using sqlplus
Process descendants
Which linux distro is good as a VPS in parallels?
What does this error mean when installing namecoin?
How do I compile Python 3.2 on NetBSD? Error code 127
Have to reinstall NVidia driver on every reboot
'who' has no output
How can I stop XScreenSaver from waking up on Mouse Input?
How to change ALL the postfixes of files in a single directory, single command
Is there a software like Nokia Ovi Suite for syncing Nokia symbian phones with GNU/Linux?
How to switch between workspaces in ubuntu
sed one-liner to delete everything between a pair of brackets?
Fail2ban block with IPtables doesn't work on Debian Lenny. [moved ssh port]
how do I wipe a server that I don't have physical access to?
Most efficient way to run 2 while loops
xrandr command not executed within shell command called from udev rule
In Arch Linux how can I find out which package to install that will contain file X?
problem with rsync. forgot the ending dot and can't find beackupfiles now
What is Unix now?
How to access shared locations on a windows machine from a linux machine via terminal?
grub-install from live CD
How to inject keystrokes via a shell script?
Rip an audio CD 1:1
How to reset a shell environment?
The way to use `/usr/bin/env sed -f ` in shebang?
How to recover my directory structure and files from a messed-up partition
Is it possible to record audio directly to a computer's optical drive?
Red Hat Kernel Upgrade problem
Duplicate entries in $PATH a problem?
EBtables not working
Turning off mailing in psad
Fedora 15 :Twitter on Google Chrome
mkdir based on input from other directories
Is there a way to push shell config information when SSHing to a host?
Debian VNC (Remote Desktop) only allowing first connection, then turns off
(audio) Files transferred to Motorola Milestone does not stay there
Can I install Mint to another hard drive without booting from it?
what am i missing ... why run a S/390 platform with Fedora desktop?
Why was the word "shell" used to descibe a command-line interface?
How to check if libfftw3_threads.so.3.2.4 shared library was compiled for pthreads or for OpenMP?
Isn't $HOME supposed to be the location of the user's home directory?
Getting "cpio: Bad magic" when trying to rpm install into a mounted Logical Volume
undelete files from local fileserver
iptables drop all incoming ICMP requests except from one IP
How to find out which interface am I using for connecting to the internet?
How to config Vino to let vncviewer show the hostname of server instead of "LibVNCServer "?
Heirloom-mailx and Saving to IMAP Folder with Spaces
How to set conkys window width?
Searching for string in files
How to record my full screen with audio?
Why can't I run this script?
CentOS: Alert all desktop users from command-line
Stable H323 Clients?
User can't touch -t
Fast incremental searching of files from shell
How do I start my service at boot-time?
Different Desktop for Different Users
NVIDIA card fan spins faster when not in use
Setup WLAN interface on Debian
Can rpm handle an install of another OS into another Logical Volume?
How can I update existing .crt file with new encrypted rsa .key file?
How to display my data (molecules)?
Overheating results in system shutdown
How to boot from iso with Grub2/Burg boot loader
Redirection of output from the terminal to a file in unix/linux
In UNIX, how to find the most commonly used commands in history of unix?
Replace all files with identical hash
umount: device is busy. Why?
What's the difference between sudo su - and sudo su --
Can I bypass crontab command by putting the file?
How can I give a very stripped down login for viewing logs?
Get line numbers for lines with empty fields
Debugging system-related application errors in Linux
Keyboard (mostly) doesn't work in Wine
I can create a file but I can't read from it
reading cifs share fails with permission denied - cifs samba directory permission denied
Why are libraries shipped separately instead of bundled with every program?
What are the advantages of swap on a raid-1 (mirror) device?
Grub2 Error Loading Kernel
iptables infographic
Why do Linux applications often put the language it was written with in the summary?
unresolved dependencies of bz* files for rpm make from source
Apache mail sending flowchart / workflow?
FIrefox/Thunderbird storage locations
only display df lines that have more fs usage than 80%
Not able to set password in ArchLinux
Terminal command (called not from SU) that would restrict process from writing to all directories but one?
Force wget to download only from HTTPS?
Qt application gray on OpenBox when launched from autostart.sh
Install mandriva in USB HDD
Monitoring the OpenSSH sFTP process?
Processing a text file with awk to conform to CSV flat file format
How to create a new user without his own FS but with access to write to only one folder of user that creates him?
Why does Firestarter say my firewall is active but ufw status shows it as inactive?
What jabber server for personal use?
How to avoid escape sequence attacks in terminals?
How do I create and use Restore Points in Arch Linux (or Linux in general)?
Script to "remount" a partition (umount then mount)
Changing Unix group for files
How to find every file that includes a given function?
Remotely access Linux box with no IP address
Why is my Fedora 14 install failing?
Trying to remove password echo in Redhat 5 when logging in
Window Manager for TV
getting error "Can't create transaction lock" with rpm
What does deb-src mean in the sources.list?
How to force ssh client to use only password auth?
How to print all printable ASCII chars in CLI?
How can I update my dynamic DNS under OpenWRT?
How Can I "CAM attack" a switch/router?
e2fsck progress bar?
Smitty like solution under Linux or BSD?
Do the file descriptors get lost when remounting a file system?
How to check if a file is corrupt or not?
Tab-completion for Mercurial in Bash?
Sort data on multiple columns
How can I limit wine's permissions?
Find scsi device ids under Linux?
What could be the bottleneck on this AIX machine?
Using wget, What is the right command to get gzipped version instead of the actual HTML
Is there any way to rsync absolute symlinks alone?
How can I build and install PL/R as a non-privileged user?
Mathematica makes no sound under Ubuntu 11.04
What determines whether an interrupt is IO-APIC-edge or IO-APIC-level?
Is there a correct way to list the subdirectories of the current directory?
How to limit P2P/torrent traffic on an OpenWrt 10.03 router?
dot file not sourced when running a command via ssh
Test FTP Username and Password
bash nested case syntax and ;; terminators
why isn't xargs parsing my input correctly?
How to refresh all bash shells using a command/script?
hack mac g4 powerbook firmware to boot Linux?
Problem installing markdown preview plugin for gedit on Linux Mint
ZSH tab completion: only complete files and not binaries
Good GNU/Emacs tutorial
File and directory naming conventions
Settings value in /sys/devices/platform/i8042/serio1/serio2/speed as no effect
Replacing the end of a few hundred files
Installing MySQL 5.5 on Mac OS 10.6
How can I fix a partition conflict?
Why does my system show only 3.2 GiB of RAM when I definitely have 4.0 GiB
Is '-9' a flag to kill command?
Traffic counter on openwrt?
Executing a shell command from PHP with shell_exec
Gedit opening an "Unsaved document" on opening files with mouse
How to pipe the result of 'date' command to 'mv' command
Xmonad: Float and resize windows to its "natural size"
Which device uses which driver under Linux?
Linux Distro and Media Server Software choice
Custom PAM modules and security considerations
First steps: installing a compatible Bluetooth card to my laptop?
Why can't list file/directory relative to .. from a symbolic link directory (No such file or directory)?
Two IP addresses assigned to the same machine?
How to remove identical lines in one file from another, using sed?
set LC_* but not LC_ALL
SSH cannot connect from Remote computer after a while
Script hangs after input to zenity
Centos/RHEL 5.5/5.6 supported SCSI adapters
Pointers in Learning Linux 0.01 Source code
Preemptive kernel and Physical Address Extension
Putty-like "Session Log" for gnome-terminal?
How to use find command to search for multiple extensions
Poor Man's GNU Parallel implemented in ksh?
How can I move tmux's status bar to the top?
General problem solving steps when print jobs hang in AIX?
Inconsistent field separator behaviour of space in awk
None of the dot-files is sourced when running bash via ssh, part II
How to update a content management installation by overwriting existing files via ssh and shell?
How to stop a daemon from starting up on boot-up in Debian
Run java classfile from terminal
Feh - strange behavior when loading backgrounds in Arch Linux
Passing pipeline value as parameter to xargs for use by eval echo
Parsing through log file and printing out regex backreferences
Writing basic systemd service files
Limit the max connections per IP using OpenWRT?
Find connections per ip on an OpenWRT router?
Local DNS rewrite from host to host for web requests
How to add a ssh user who only has permissions to access specific folder?
Recursively Gziping Files (and keep original files) & Gziping Text Input
newgrp and groups assigned via pam_group.so
How to install/default to the command line version of Emacs?
Audio frequency spectrum of a video at a given time
Matlab's Image acquisition toolbox doesn't recognize my webcam
How to remotely detect another machine's utorrent version with nmap?
PHP package won't install correctly
how to chown mounted device?
Why can't I get the exit values of a command in this bash script?
vim/emacs plugin to view recursive grep search search results?
SNMPD only system group available!
mknod permanent in archlinux
How to change user on SWAT page (or how to control Samba by nonprivileged user)
How to troubleshoot the old X applications working incorrectly on modern X servers?
How do I send HTML email using linux 'mail' command?
How to get this OUTPUT? perl/awk/sed? How?
Why am I getting a "Listing remote folder failed" error when I try to connect with SFTP?
Bash: run command2 if command1 fails
Fall-back for $VIM is invalid
Configuring screen, window problems
Several questions about file-system character encoding on linux
Which of the bigger distributions offers the latest updates?
Setting dual monitor with different resolutions using ati open source driver
Shift every mode by a constant factor of an audio signal
Drop into an editor from inside aspell
Is my SSH key paired with me as a human, or with my user account on one machine?
Program to filter lines by passing them to an external program?
How to install/use sshuttle on Fedora?
how to close all panes but the current pane in tmux
using environment variables in tmux.conf files
login and su internals
How to extend my wireless network with OpenWrt
real time backup if file changed?
Ubuntu vs. CentOS and Binary Compatibility
How do you verify a tar archive that is already written?
What is the difference between /etc and /usr/local/etc
Debian 6.0 and Intel "Sandy Bridge" (DH67CL) integrated video
What regular expression engine type does bash use?
Connecting to FTP sites via squid
Compiling Source Code Error
emacs can't open display
arch linux installation, "could not create filesystems"
Are there any advanced clipboard managers for Linux?
Why do I need to use newgrp or su (or logout and login again) to have new group memberships applied?
What happens the most, context switches or mode switches?
Run Ubuntu 10.04 LTS with Apache2 SSL with passphrase
Uncopyable 5GB file, BTRFS
Who's consuming my inotify resources?
indistinguishable active tab in gnome terminal
How do I reserve ports for my application?
rsyslog rule inconsistently applied
How to install CentOS 4.7?
Shift+delete vs rm -rf
Combine input from multiple files/pipes without clobbering lines or blocking?
How to move a file to /usr/local in Ubuntu?
FreeBSD: How to install Django with mod_wsgi?
Running 32 bit app on a 64 bit Linux machine
How to boot Debian into text mode without using GUI?
How come no core dump is create when an application has SUID set?
The best Linux Open-source wiki with native support for Windows (NTLM) authentication
Setenv error message
What does "sudo chown -R hadoop:hadoop hadoop" do?
Logrotate: "log does not need rotating" why?
Passing clicked links in rxvt to a script
Can I use logrotate to compress daily (date named) logs?
yum proxy http errors
port redirection with PF under OpenBSD
Debian package issue: files are installing into '/'
Any program like `sudo` to gain root by having two users enter a password?
Prevent GNU Screen from closing
Config setting for Linux kernel compilation
Curl and grep html text
Can I easily remount an external USB drive without unplugging it?
How to Optimize an IPTABLES script?
Can I find out which ssh key was used to access an account?
Choosing filesystem for a 16TB Raid
Adjusting Screen Size on Ubuntu Virtualbox
Ubuntu Drivers on Chromium OS?
Is there line numbering for nano?
VSFTPD link to a folder in root folder
Program behavior when kill -HUP is recieved?
What is the difference between 'su -' and 'su root'?
pure-ftpd permission denied on external usb drive
Should the mysql user have access to /var/lib/mysql?
Output compiler options from SSH
How can I call other shell script like a subroutine?
Linux process scheduling - Cap/Weight based?
emacs: recognising the shebang line
scp hardlocking my server (both ways)
Debian Squeeze not booting anymore
How do I get just the user-manual for Vim
I changed my hostname, why is my bash PS1 prompt unchanged
How to scp from server to server with different public keys?
Extract even-numbered and odd-numbered pages of a PDF into two separate PDFs
setup fetchmail/exim4 to download from gmail account and forward to another email address
How can I install Openfiler on Vmware ESX 4.1?
What can you do to a file without triggering the "Change" Timestamp?
Why doesn't cp have a progress bar like wget?
Splitting text files based on a regular expression
Which FreeBSD version or ISO for Dell R310?
How to mount a USB stick in FreeBSD?
How can i dump /tmp/files in CentOS to Dropbox using crontab?
How to secure CentOS and FreeBSD by disabling USB ports and VGA output on-site?
boot messages for wireless nic in Fedora 14
Wireless Connectivity and Fedora 15 Boot Up
How to detect if input is from argument, file or terminal
Turn NumLock on on startup?
How/why does this globbing expression work?
See the STDOUT redirect of a running process
Delete files recursively that DON'T match regexp
Copying many CDs to disk
Is Open LDAP meant to work with the passwd command for Linux?
Console tool to test internet bandwidth
Finding an earlier version to downgrade to
Why do I get a 'conformability error' when I attempt to convert water in GNU units?
Red hat linux command line character underscore problem
Getting tmux to copy a buffer to the clipboard
How to change default "reading" program?
fastest way of doing a tar.gz from a tree of directories?
Prevent a package from being installed?
Why Process CPU % Usage larger than Total CPU Time
Kernel Mode Setting vs. Framebuffer?
How to specify -? option with GNU getopt
browsers don't work(chrome err 137:name resolution failed), but everything is ok in gnome terminal
confirmed exit using trap
Recommendations for a wireless print server supported on Linux?
Linux project work
ncurses based menus
WD 'elements' disk spins down, disappears
Why do I have to run alsactl init each time I boot my system?
Routing Tables: What is the effect of the RTF_IFSCOPE flag?
Irfanview alternative
Get the number of files that match a pattern in a directory and delete the oldest one
How to set an xmodmap file for the session manager (or at least SLiM) because of a broken physical key
Installing Rubymine without sun-java6-jre
How can I install a 64bit Linux virtual machine on a 32bit Linux?
qemu no boot device found!
How do I make a multi-threaded app use all the cores on Ubuntu under VMWare?
129 MB used space shown in the SD card even after formatting it with mkfs.ext4
How do I get a URL over HTTP with netcat?
apt-get has unmet dependencies, but apt-get -f install doesn't solve problem
Finding the right display driver for arch installation on a virtual box on Lenovo edge13''
copy+paste between linux desktop and vmware player?
How to fake the source-port of a TCP packet?
Run mpirun and ssh-add remotely on the same session
How can I prevent Control+Alt+D from logging me out (of Gnome 2.22 on Debian 5)?
IO redirection and the head command
How can I get irssi-proxy to send me missed mentions when I connect?
Pass the background flag (&) through expect and ssh
Choppy animations in desktop using fglrx driver in openSUSE 11.4
How to prevent user from changing files using linux permission
Templating values for a bash script for apache conf files
which and find not working to locate ruby.exe path
Software (SciTe) runs differently when opened from Terminal Vs GUI
How to use keyboard instead of mouse middle-click for copy/paste?
How to dump a man page?
can't view images stored on mounted network drive on linux webserver
remove carriage return character from large binary file
iptables port-mirroring
Howto create a permanent client connection with netcat?
how to execute lines coming from a grep result?
Disable Address space layout randomization (ASLR) for my processes
Removing zombie process from the process table
Can I install Paint.Net on linux using mono?
Run ssh as a command of another ssh command
Mplayer in fullscreen in xmonad
How do I check busybox version (from busybox)?
Drudging through email logs
Why first set a variable and then export it instead of setting and exporting in one command?
How to find if hyperthreading is enabled on FreeBSD
Can I get infected in this case if I run a live cd?
Can gdb debug suid root programs?
Bonding wireless and 3g on Fedora 15
Preparing a Linux image in a virtual machine
What's the standard used by yum prompt "Is this ok [y/N]:"?
Difference between Linux Mint LXDE 11 RC(28 June) and Linux Mint 11 (released 28 May)
Time/Date grep for 15 mins
How to run streamripper and mplayer in a split-screen X terminal, via a single script
Upgrade to Mozilla Firefox 5.0 using terminal on CentOS?
How do I add a user in SVN?
How to protect my anonymity and authenticity in Irc?
How to convert dante.conf (socksify) to tsocks.conf?
Libre Office change printer language type from PDF to Postscript
How to launch a GTK program centered on the screen?
Create Ubuntu USB-Installer from Debian
Building from Source on CentOS 5 or newer
How to list files without directories, and filter by name (ls options)
How to set keyboard layout used to enter password on an encrypted filesystem?
Movie player for "apcs" format .mov video in Linux?
Pinguy 11.04 wireless not working
coreutils that are utf aware?
What tools do I need to intercept and change an incoming packet on a WP2-Personal wifi hub
What are the different debian package repos?
How do I hide/anonymise/defend a computer when on hostile networks?
Sum of grep results
Does (should) LC_COLLATE affect character ranges?
Finding MFLOPS using Linux 
Non-blocking bash command
How do I add Xft suppport to dwm?
How to process/pipe TCPDUMPs output in realtime
How do I insert a blank page into a PDF with ghostscript or pdftk?
What does the -e do in a bash shebang?
how to send email as well as display it out
installing centOS as second OS on laptop
Permanently remapping a key on Linux
grub-update in GRUB Legacy (0.97)
HP Laptop refused to boot Arch or Fedora CDs but boots Debian based fine
Bootable USB appearing as HDD not Removable Device
how to use nvidia vdpau decoding for mplayer video player in linux?
restricting pushes to selected Mercurial repositories using `ssh` forced commands and `hg-ssh`
Why do you need the "./" when executing programs in the current directory?
How can I assign the output of a command to a shell variable?
EXT4-fs (sdc): VFS: Can't find ext4 filesystem
Is it possible to redirect a logging output of the iptables' LOG chain into a separate log file?
Is it possible to add more modifiers?
Automatically rename files when they are placed in a specific directory
Virtual machine hangs when trying to login after being idle for some time
How does bash continue to work correctly when you move its working directory?
How to check if CONFIG_HIGH_RES_TIMERS enable?
How to redirect kernel messages having the unique id substring into separate log file (using `rsyslog`)?
Use ssh with a specific network interface
How can I test a kernel module in a mobile device?
Find file by a part of its content
How did they manage to drive a Unix computer before mice and copy & paste?
Ignorantly dd'd /dev/sda*
Asus USB N10 wireless adapter works on Ubuntu but not Fedora
Can I install "development-tools" offline? Or, how to make my CD the yum repository?
Is it possible to follow a command (run repeatedly)? as one would follow a file using tail -f?
freebsd make install openjdk6
What environment do I get with sudo?
How to make the display go to sleep when screen is locked?
Restoring the old 'lenny' Debian desktop
doing OpenLDAP config changes in RHEL 6
How can I tell cron to run a command every other day (odd/even)
description of linux kernel boot parameters 'real_root' and 'cdroot'
Linux configuration settings
ZSH: search history on up and down keys?
grepping a variable and adding 1 to it
Bash: double equals vs -eq
How can I get mod_perl running in Arch Linux?
In bash how can I change the color of my command prompt?
Resizing logical volume with no free extents but with free disk space
Are there any distributions with a working on-the-fly hybrid graphics switcher?
Running mame on Linux
How do I find the X window ID under the mouse pointer in bash?
How should I search for packages to install on CentOS 5.5?
How to switch between GPU's
Encountering this error /usr/bin/ld: final link failed: No space left on device
How to search text throughout entire file system?
"Clean" Filesystem Hierarchy
Sample a few lines from an strace printout
SED misbehaving with input file
Security support time for OpenBSD?
How to check if /proc/ is mounted
Suse filesystem turns read-only
How should I install Fedora or any other Linux in USB hard disk and configure booting?
Forbid a given user to use a given range of port
How can I create users with only remote ftp access on Linux server?
How to change bash console font to display UTF-8 characters
How secure is Ubuntu in Virtualbox on Windows host?
How to transfer Windows application to Ubuntu on Virtualbox?
Make mistakenly thinks rule succeeded because of 0-sized file generated by output redirect
Vim, context-sensitive comment/uncomment behavior
Colour problem when capturing a png of the top panel of the screen
How to make an Ubuntu time zone change stick?
What is the 'IFS'?
Linux (Debian) web server advice
How to transfer files from Windows to Ubuntu on Virtualbox?
Copy files from remote server to local, ignoring existing files (rsync not available)
sulog with openSUSE 11.2 (x86_64)
Virtual box machine, Created in windows run on linux?
How do I check how much free space left on a device to create a partition
Add <script> to the bottom of a html file?
How do I know which files will be included in a linux kernel before I build it?
How can I verify SSL certificates on the command line?
Installing drivers in ubuntu
Why might tmux only be capable of attaching once per shell session?
Simple LiveCD running only Xorg Server
Completely Backing Up Linux Installation
Debugging Java program for changing timezone configuration file on Ubuntu
Problem with $PATH and executable file
is there a way to set coloring for cd tab complete?
Which linux distro's package repositories are secure and which are not?
Use testdisk and gpart information to mount ext4 partition
How can I change what's displayed at a login shell?
How to control the page parameters (margins, brochurisation) of `man -t` PostScript output?
Cannot connect to printer hosted on a Belkin print server
RedHat Enterprise Edition Kernel Support
sed one-liner to delete word-medial spaces
Are there zero-width assertions in sed?
How do I get UUENCODE to work?
Should I care about unnecessary cats?
Is the command tr capable of translating characters into longer strings?
How to get dual booting to work when using burg and two hard drives?
Python 2.7 on CentOS 5
Xenomai and Ubuntu
Linksys wusb600n support on Debian-6
Using mplayer inside kvm/qemu
No space on device when removing a file under OpenSolaris
Using a LVM partition as a Virtualbox drive
Who's got the other end of this unix socketpair?
Open Group Base Specifications, Single UNIX Specification and POSIX
What is the significance of single and double quotes in environment variables?
What is a fragment size in an ext3 filesystem?
What is a socket?
Automated PAM module installation
calling functions within a function
How to check on which drives grub2 has actually installed an MBR?
Firmware for wireless card on Ubuntu/Debian?
How to signal the end of stdin input
What is the difference between 'sudo' and 'su -c'
General specification for command line interface
Uname gives unfamiliar timestamp for kernel
AES-NI not passed to guest in Virtualbox
Failed dependencies
Which sed version is not GNU sed 4.0?
Weird executabe behaviour
/etc/rc.d/postgres start vs rc.d postgres start
Usage of dash (-) in place of a filename
understand a sequence of redirections
What are core.mountd.######### files? OpenSolaris
redirection and pipeline
apt-get prompts for CDs when installing packages, how do I make it stop?
Keeping track of programs
Chroot debian squeeze for shell access
256 color in Linux console
Make top shows only server process
Copying a few lines from stdout to stderr - but only if stderr is different from stdout
Backing up hard links (rsync)?
How to check which GPU is active in Linux?
permission denied when executing a binary
OpenVPN on OpenWrt
How to set a static IP in Ubuntu
How can I limit downloaded file size in wget?
Powerful hardware, slow Ubuntu
Are there any issues using 2TB hard drives with 4k sectors
Can't Install build-essential on CentOS
How do I only copy files to a remote folder on another server that don't already exist in the folder... from the command line in linux?
How can you change the GNU screen status line based on hostname?
How do I use the Unix tar command with an implicit filepath?
ral0 malfunctioning
combine text files column-wise
Help with installation of ROOT, PATH variable is getting deleted
/etc/hosts in debian resets itself on reboot
Interruption of system calls when a signal is caught
Disable browser logging output to console
Pros and cons of software Parity-RAID (e.g. RAID5)
What is the proper way to set SELinux context in an RPM .spec?
Coreboot + QEMU Tutorial Request (Google has failed)
find first line beginning with <keyword> following <other-keyword>
How do I access a digital camera drive via usb after safely removing it?
How do I open a .bak file on Linux?
Run commands after unlocking X screen (KDE)
Debian and TI usb3410
Permanently disable malfunctioning USB ports in Linux
reading input in sed
Verify that /etc/passwd has correct number of fields on each line?
Ways to execute shell command as root?
Can't display from remote host when running X, but can when running xinit
How to get recordmydesktop to record application's audio on Debian/Squeeze?
Search commands in history with discontinuous keywords
How to refuse routes that are PUSHed by OpenVPN server?
How to resume multiple instances of Screen from command line with minimal steps?
Pluggin a bunch of USB hard drives into a Linux system?
Mutt: Automatically subscribe to IMAP mailboxes
How to install a database dump via Shell Script?
ACL mask does not work as expected
What Linux tool will tell me if all the mounted disks share roughly the same bandwidth?
performance on Linux system when daisy-chaining multiple USB hard-drives on USB hubs?
shopt -s nocaseglob is not working on Ubuntu
change interrupt smp_affinity
Language agnostic configuration file format
How to 'UnJustify!' text in GNU nano
Pipe diff file into patch?
How to create a list of all applications which were manually installed?
What is raw keyboard mode?
How can I run a command for a list of packages?
How to print from iPad to CUPS?
Extended attribute on symbolic link
Remove slashes/parent paths from filenames inside CSS and Javascript content
In-place substitution for lines matching some pattern in a given set of files
Why am I getting an AttributeError when I try to use Pyjamas desktop on Fedora 15?
rc.local - not all commands are executed
SSH on my local network - problem with login
How to disable screen saver and power management in linux by command line?
How to send non-local mail, with GMail(GApps) SMTP?
Is it safe to give out my SSH public key for work?
Bash: `-su: $*: unbound variable` with `set -u`
wget batch linux file
Why are the first 1024 ports restricted to the root user only?
awk: forcing a return status?
How can I delete all files in a folder that haven't been accessed in a certain amount of time?
Multiple 'Host *' in ssh_config?
How to find out what turned off the computer?
Is there a way to determine which process creates a file on osx 10.6.8
Fedora 15 i686 report only 2.6 GB RAM
resizable serial console window?
Shell script or command to Strip text and Binary files excerpts from large Log Files
Why does the "she-bang" begin with a "#!"?
Slow keyboard response in some Distros
What is the `less` command line option to page to the next file at the end of the current one?
Linux Kernel logical address space organisation
how to configure mutt as email client in Linux for a remote microsoft exchange server?
Auto mount cd or dvd on CLI based ubuntu server
Can I run a command with specific privileges on certain directories?
File descriptor limits are lost after a system reboot
A command used in another command
How can I use my TV as a second display over HDMI on Linux at its native resolution?
safely killing a background process
SSH Port Forward a local IRC server to my remote server
Command to monitor elapsed time in background?
Automount lookup failed. How to determine what is trying to access the file?
awk expand window to 500% for two numbers from column file
What do I install into a given install prefix
bash: cd to the most recently modified child directory
File permission execute only
Fedora, Android phone mounting?
Source (.) piped curl output
ssh hanging then time out
How can I get the size of a file in a bash script?
How do I reset ownership on /usr/bin/sudo on centOS?
Set runlevel at boot via hardware (analog) input, switch, etc.?
Prefix every argument with -o in BASH
Problem to launch java at Debian: "error while loading shared libraries: libjli.so"
Shell scripts Linux -> Solaris conversion guide
Copy files with renaming
How does prelink work
Redhat Network Service Restart
How can I make PuTTY compatible with Solaris?
How can I control bash's brace expansion to do the right thing (which zsh does automatically)?
White listing directories for GTK
Which Linux distro resembles HP-UX?
Oracle 11g database startup automation on Fedora 15
What is the best way to detect (from a script) whether software is installed?
Copy input to clipboard over SSH?
Why do 'man' pages have many extra lines?
What is the default shell for .sh in AIX?
.DELETE_ON_ERROR behavior with make and pipelines
Mandriva 2007 Cannot setup printer
Find out what processes are writing to hard drive
maximum of column with matching id
How to kill a stuck print job under AIX?
How to get file descriptor other than stdin stdout and stderr (to do something like $ program 1>file_1 3>file_2)?
How do I customize the bash prompt on centos?
How to install wireless driver in Fedora 15?
What to change to place text in the centre of the screen
Multiple dom0's on a single Xen host?
Where does top / gnome-system-monitor get its information about cpu usage?
ffmpeg could not open file.mpg
How to match group 1 in a regex followed by a 0 rather than matching group 10
How to optimize Arch linux boot time?
When a process will go to 'D' state?
Github adding a repository as a fork from an existing clone
Copy a line matching pattern to beside another matching pattern line using sed
diff a gzipped tarball against a directory?
How to share the internet connection?
PS/2 Keyboard & Mouse not working AFTER boot
Why is piped input okay to zenity, but <file malfunctions?
How to disable the beep sound system-wide
Error when installing Google Chrome on CentOS
Arch Linux with Xfce-Desktop no longer starts
Foreign characters won't display in SSH
How to assign an icon to a program in Openbox?
How to stop firewall from writting logs to /var/log/messages?
Why is clutter not working?
Can't open the initial console on ARM S3C2440 running utuLinux
Why is there a Debian backport of Linux kernel?
imagemagick creating one big image by piling up thousand of images of the same width?
What fedora 15 should I download?
Is 'some_program <some_file' faster than 'cat some_file | some_program'?
How to get Debian's volume control working with Pulse
BCM4312 802.11b/g under Fedora 14 - suddenly not working
Dropbox on OpenBSD
pulling strings out of mixed file of strings and binary
Hosts file on server with dynamic DNS?
ext4 overrides my commit=100 mount option with commit=0
Is there a way to control the delay before shutdown on low battery?
Play RTMP stream from command-line
append string where it belongs in sorted file
How to wget Youtube horrible URL
How to mount a USB drive
What does DISPLAY=:0.0 actually mean?
Fedora 15 doesn't automatically launch the browser when server starts up?
My laptop cannot adjust brightness
Good "progress bar" about md5sum checking progress?
What roles do DAC (file permissions), ACL and MAC (SELinux) play in Linux file security?
Alternatives to TrueCrypt in compliance with Fedora 15 guidelines
Directory is not opening with cd command
What does 'Invalid module format' mean?
making vim fold also hide newline after function
Only allow ssh/vpn on OpenWRT
Upgrading ffmpeg
Why does redirection (>) not work sometimes but appending (>>) does?
Importing CSV contacts into Evolution 3.0.2
Ubuntu x86 10.10 terminal
Why is VirtualBox Bridged networking slow
iscsi target to a folder of a mounted parition?
How to change tty login prompt?
How to script /etc/issue?
Fedora 15: something weird going on with yum
Permissions "problem" using SCP to copy to root owned folder from local
Open source tool similar to MetadataTouch or metadata assistant?
What is the maximum value of the Process ID?
How would I extract the user agent strings from a log file?
Set up GRUB 2 to boot FreeBSD using either Ubuntu tools or LiveUSB to find what partitions?
How to make a machine accessible from the LAN using its hostname
How to read NTFS drives in Linux (RHEL 6)?
sudo here-document / concatenation?
How to unpack, modify, rebuild and install a SRPM
Fun, tricky and hard questions for Unix/Linux Admin interview
Is there a way to determine machine hostname without touching "/etc/hosts"?
Missing /etc/default/grub in fedora15
Changing Redhat Network Settings From DHCP to STATIC IP Via Configuration Files
best practice to backup config files
Empty XFCE Applications menu
Make BASH's Tab Completion Fill In First Match?
In awk, how to print a range of fields with the original $0 delimiters intact?
openSUSE not starting up after failed update
root password changed automatically
Command-line way to download youtube video in multi-threaded
How to format a write protected pen drive in Linux?
Indent several lines with VIM?
Check if display is powered on in Linux 
sorting filenames numerically when they have non-numeric prefix
Installing Linux Mint 11 LXDE x64 on top of ubuntu-minimal
linux cron: want to backup a folder
regexp in ksh for extensions tgz, tar.tgz
Error opening file with Inkscape
is there anything like this web browser in the debian/ubuntu repositories?
How to get back sudo on Ubuntu?
How to send a prompt to a remote machine like the "you have mail", ie not using wall
How to make scp respect umask
Output exceeding terminal window height
How to make password-less login work
How to install libXaw8.so.8()(64bit)?
Duplicate a user, or at least the password
Understanding escape codes
Fetchmail move fetched mail to backup folder
Is it safe to chown on /usr/lib?
Using data read from a pipe instead than from a file in command options
Ls with spaces + variables
Permissions issue with git
How to hibernate a RHEL6 machine?
.inputrc TAB not behaving as expected
Arithmetic operations in regex
Do we need to chmod a shell script before it can be rsh
Standard and/or common directories on Unix/Linux OSes
How to set the resolution in text consoles (troubleshoot when any `vga=...` fails)
Can I create a new partition from the free space inside my reiserfs-formatted /home partition?
How to diff files ignoring comments (lines starting with #)?
How to preserve bookmarks when rearranging pages of a PDF file with tools like pdftk?
Text processing: convert text of table of content into djvu bookmark format?
How to change timezone to UTC without rebooting AIX
CronJob every 25 minutes
Multiple concurrent SSH sessions from different clients but with the same user/password
Check the Existence of a Network Interface Card Redhat
How to print only last column?
Add and edit bookmarks to pdf
"which" with a little "grep"-like solution?
Virtualization solutions under OpenBSD
FlashPlayer on OpenBSD?
HTML5 on OpenBSD?
Security of xhost (local) and sudo xauthority forwarding
Mounting multiple img files as single loop device
Clone whole partition or hard drive to a sparse file
If I close the laptop lid the next boot fails
How can I get a list of long running processes that match a particular pattern?
Make kernel detect garmin device
Shell and applications
How do you force Linux to detect a PS/2 device (e.g. mouse) on demand?
How do I make my USB Bluetooth dongle work? (Can't init device hci0: Connection timed out (110))
Process substitution and pipe
Why is there a '.d' in 'init.d'?
Multicast on local box
How to sort updates based on release date on debian testing?
Disable Keyboard & Mouse Temporarily
Prevent pane/window from closing when command completes - tmux
Is it possible to install the Linux kernel alone?
Paritioning Scheme: Arch Linux server & laptop
Need minimal linux distro, with install size less atmost 250 - 300 mb
When does the order of arguments matter?
Delete files based on year
can i modify an .rpm-based system to use .deb files, apt-get and debian/ubuntu repositories?
Running Linux virtual machine guest on Linux Host
Bash programing. The difference between double-clicking a program and running the program under console
Silent booting Linux from u-boot
How to make a process invisible to other users?
Biostar GF7050V-M7 working with linux?
Disable Keyboard & Mouse input on unix (under X)
Any LiveCD or LiveDVD Distro whith multi session burning onto LiveMedia
Pattern Matching Exclude Duplicate Characters
Open another file with split windows, and switch between them
How to determine which executable on my path will be run?
What is new in Kernel 3.0?
Performance difference between stdin and command line argument
Where has my `uniq` or `sort -u` line gone, with some unicode characters
Is there a tomcat 64 bit version
Sometimes I feel like a directory, some times I feel like a regular file
Linux source, where are sys_umount and sys_mount system calls?
sed script to insert line after the last matching line in a file
How to limit log file size using >>
Selinux is denying access to mysqld
Keep local copy of nfs mount on computer
Pixelization of KDE screen
How long is a TCP local socket address that has been bound unavailable after closing?
How to view and edit the code of a PDF file
Did I delete the whole debian root server?
libxml linker error
How to run regular programs as daemons/services
Chinese characters instead of Latin being written to file
Recover formatted ext3 partition
where is log file of Gnome 3?
GRUB error Fedora 15 when Dual Booting on MacBook Pro
How to set up properly zram and swap
Is there a command to list all open displays on a machine?
Weight-based block IO control for VMs
Why use `sudo yum install <pkgs>` when I can use `yum install <pkgs>`?
Launching application from terminal
Installing Flash Player for Safari in Ubuntu
How to grep recursive UNIX tree results along with each tree node?
Install downloaded packages with dependencies
A more readable ps
How can I prevent someone from gaining root access through the bootloader?
Use or convert .ttf font for console use in FreeBSD
Virtual box for centos PAE
Is there a way to get the effect of combining grep -v with grep -A?
Where to find this specific source (centos 2.6.18-53.el5PAE)
What are some alternatives to virtualbox
When is dd suitable for copying data? (or, when are read() and write() partial)
Debian unstable chroot security issues
Package repository for which Fedora version would be best match for RHEL / CentOS / Scientific Linux 6.0?
Is there a way to adjust the formatting of the date/time in the GNOME 3 login screen and desktop?
submitting form with cURL sometimes works, sometimes doesn't
What is signal 0 in a trap command?
Check for process already running in webfaction?
Renaming alsa controls
Can hd and od replace each other?
Setting up the firewall for amule on OpenBSD 4.7 gateway
Installing a .deb package in home directory
What languages are used to build Unix commands?
How to check who is logged in on the currently active virtual terminal?
Piping output from a segfaulting program
How to check if process already exists in python script?
Why does my mouse stop working a short time into my session?
In Xorg, why do I lose my text selection in one window when I select in another window?
Installing IE under linux Ubuntu 10.10
Can KWallet manage my ssh passwords?
Want a separate file to store mysql username, password, and database name
Kill process when it stops to produce further output
Sed not working as intended
How do I tell which GPG key an RPM package was signed with?
RPMs and patching
ln gives different results when run multiple times
In emacs, how can I pass an argument to a function in a keybinding defintion
Command-line cURL submit form from other files
Recursively Remove SVN files
Installing debian on existing ubuntu - will /home folder be removed?
Program to test CPU load and process priority
Console port problems on Fedora 15
Where should I look for error messages after a freeze-up and reboot in Linux?
How to escape < or > in a parameter in shell?
Why does root get Permission denied when accessing FUSE directory?
Print lines between (and excluding) two patterns
How to convert TXT to PDF?
How to get gnome-terminal in English?
What is a zombie process?
Apple Magic Trackpad resets settings after session
Using curses with Linux console
MEncoder install issue
dual boot solaris with ubuntu?
SysV init run levels
Moved bin and other folders! How to get them back?
Windows Boot Configuration Data (BCD) viewer for linux
CentOS on HyperV - eth0 not in ifconfig?
How to install StackApplet on Debian?
Creating a boot splash screen
Pipe Python Shell to source-highlight
Wine installation problems in CentOS
Awk : Range of PIDs
How to recover a corrupted "tar.gz" file
Scroll between tags in Awesome WM
Printing evaluated prompt placeholders to screen
decipher this Acer Aspire 4830TG ACPI code for Nvidia Optimus
Advanced usage/command of shell
Software for very simple editing of advanced .psd files
How to delete a file on remote machine via SSH by using a Shell Script?
Why does Ctrl+Arrow make my terminal switch to a strange mode?
Linux server monitoring software
Can I split /boot to a different partition on a single partition system?
How sudo/root-ness detection works
TP-Link WN321G USB wlan  in VirtualBox Ubuntu guest
Grub2 RAID /boot
Fedora 15 address collision on Compaq CQ41?
Copy/Backup all files except the most recent through scp
Is the crazy partition layout in Fedora 15 really nessesary?
X.org missing fonts
Get path of current script when executed through a symlink
Puppet problem with sysctl
Is it possible to compile a full Linux system with Intel's compiler instead of GCC?
`du -sh` reports different used size than `df -h`
Deleting Lines Containing a Specified String in Different Files
Does ssh-agent store my passphrase?
Difference between `info` and `pinfo`
Is there a vanilla kernel configuration?
Netdiscover packages for Fedora?
cryptsetup luksOpen only accepts password via ssh
Is there a web site to search in the file contents of default installations of different linux distributions?
How can I switch scim’s IMEs via command line?
Ocaml compilation error in AIX 6.1
What are the cons of using VirtualBox guest additions?
Meaning of patching binary files?
How to find a writable file owned by root?
Conditionally killing a process based on its output
Find out what device /dev/root represents in Linux?
How to safely pass variables to root-enabled scripts?
Unable to mount a second hard drive in Ubuntu Server
Vim markers and macros
What is the interaction of the rsync --size-only and --sparse options?
What's the difference between tar.gz and tar.Z?
Is there a maximum size to the bash history file?
What programs can I *not* install when I have a standard account?
Command-line way of send pinging
How to configure DUAL-WAN on a Linux/*BSD machine?
If I run ./configure, then make again, then will it ruin things if I want to run make a 2nd time?
How to rescan scsi bus devices?
How to chop the last "/script.sh" part from a string?
How to create UDF images and burn them to DVD or CDROM?
Equivalent of forward/back buttons for unix shell (when navigating directories)?
Where can I find out how to write a shell script that is as portable as possible?
wget recursive for only files that pass a regexp
Linux compatible motherboard
SWF to PDF conversion
Installer not booting on Intel Atom 64bit CPU
Hauppauge TV Tuner Card with Motorola STB and LIRC
Doing actions on a list from the shell
ACPI wakeup from keyboard/mouse via /proc/acpi/wakeup after suspend. How to find the correct device?
How does `find . -name *foo*` work?
Netbook Remix [EasyPeasy]: How to add a Mozilla Prism to Favorites
Utility to get binary representation from string?
`^M` at the end of each line of text files generated under Windows
What happens to the output of a process that has been disowned and lost its terminal?
Linux support for new Sony Vaio Z external graphics card?
urxvt transparent cursor
How to detect out-bound port from PID
Change date "July 29th, 2011" to "20110729"
opening multiple URLs from a text file as different tabs in Firefox/Chrome?
Default applications (GNOME 3)
How to know if a PDF file is compressed or not and to (un)compress it
A shell tool to "tablify" input data
How to stop xargs from badly merging output from multiple processes?
laptop running arch abruptly switches off when ripping video files
Italics in Emacs on a text terminal (rxvt-unicode)
Are there programs that work for Red Hat but not Ubuntu?
Move one file at a time based from specific number in the files
use iptables to allow incoming connections to some computer on port XYZ?
Rename beginning of file name using specific text in the file itself
file $(ls /usr/bin/* | grep zip) command gives me errors. What's wrong?
Using dircolors, how do I change the color of my subversion folders
CUPS remote printer entry is stopped locally
stdin/stdout names in BASH?
Mounting a network drive automatically when needed and unmount it again after some time with inactivity
Which processes should I NOT strace?
How can I set all subdirectories of a directory into $PATH?
Transparent local proxy to many proxies
Refer to a file under the same directory of a script found in $PATH
Specify the sector of manpage
Recommended fstab settings
Why does my shell script give the error: "declare: not found"?
e4rat in Fedora 15
Where has the trailing newline char gone from my command substitution?
How can I run a process in a terminal window and then hide that window?
Why do I get this error installing virtualbox-4.1 on Arch?
Choppy audio CD playback with mplayer
How do I extract all subjects of a cacertfile with the openssl command line?
How to modify a partitioning layout (which may involve converting a primary partition to an extended one)
Why does shell Command Substitution gobble up a trailing newline char?
Trust a self signed PEM certificate
How can I fsck a partition when the device reads as busy (but has been confirmed otherwise)?
Exception of inheritance of environment variables
Xorg increases cpu usage over time
What's the best way to install a system-wide certificate from a website?
How to wget website with same page and content names?
How can I build a custom distribution for running a simple web browser?
How can I find a file whose name includes a given string, such as "abcde"?
Problem changing the /home directory to another location
tee and grep at the same time (shell)?
Script to find files with a specific extension but NOT containing specific text
Computer terminal and virtual console
Recover files from corrupt DVD
How to list ALL directories according to their size? [without including the parent directory]
running script with ". " and with "source "
Do special characters in paths pose a problem when mounting network shares?
RAMFS seems slower than expected — what is the bottleneck?
How to bind "ß" to Meta-s?
Is there a keyboard shortcut to make a window occupy half the screen? 
Native and non-native support of thread/process programming in Linux?
Output sound by writing to /dev/dsp
How can I configure a set of computers to netboot?
Understand synopsis in manpage
How can I configure a reverse SSH connection to the connecting computer?
How can I switch between ttys without using screen?
How do I log into my Linux laptop if I have forgotten both the login and password?
What do I need to do in order to create a quickly-installable Debian distribution?
When was `relatime` made the default?
Live-CDs no longer boot as expected
How can I improve battery life in Fedora 15?
How can I simply adjust monitor color temperture in X?
netcat throughput low but iperf high
py3compile error - Unable to get the locale encoding
How can I find out which package installed a particular executable?
How to change vim auto-indent behavior?
The right way to wrap block of lines in custom text in vim
Splitting a large directory tree by file type
VPN with network manager (nm-applet) is not working
Cleancache vs zram?
Trying to install Vsphere ESX 4.0 on x86
barcode scanner input when running xorg and evdev
Using curly brackets (braces) to create folder structure with `mkdir -p`
How do I disable or change the caps lock key on my keyboard?
What OS should I install on old Sun Blade 1000 / Sun Blade 2000 workstations, and how should I do it?
creating simple command for sudo apt-get install?
Is `cal` broken? What happened in September 1752?
Can I allow a non-root user to log in when /etc/nologin exists?
Why can't gcc find libevent when building tmux from source?
What is the connection between a gedit bug and a Unix-&-Linux Q/A href?
What is the relationship between system calls, message passing, and interrupts?
Emacs not showing filename
How to configure CONFIG_DEFAULT_RELATIME to disable relatime
How can you trim mp3 files using `ffmpeg`?
mounting volume protected against user access
Setting /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches to clear cache
Is there any way to improve Putty on slow connections?
How does a shell (bash, for example) expand wildcard patterns?
Taking output of /dev/tty into a variable
What is the difference between `grep`, `egrep`, and `fgrep`?
How to find human-readable information about file types recognized by `file`?
Facing problem with Regex Inside Sed Command
Bash: keybinding/trap issue
Mysql / swap space full
Add carriage return to output of `tail` while using `grep`
dual-head with NVidia Quadro FX3450/4000 on Centos 6.2
How to tell when a computer is idle?
Is there a Linux distro compiled with clang/llvm?
Combine two commands in .bash_profile
Easy way to restore your MANPATH
How to recover saved (stored) emails after damage to KMail configuration?
Change character position with sed
Replace all occurrences of a character in a variable using korn script
What are software and hardware interrupts, and how are they processed?
How can I run `watch` as a background job?
Linux - LXC; deploying images with tiniest possible X11
Solaris service status and dependencies
Can mouse wheel scrolling work in a Screen session?
What is going wrong with this theme when running Eclipse?
mp3info fails to make MP3 data fields readable by Android
Linux Mint installer does not see fakeraid drive
How to get information about word, address size, address bus size, data bus size and instruction bus size?
Why doesn't vim ask for password when reopenning an encrypted file?
ACPI problem with recent kernels
Rewrite a Vim function to a one-line map
How to list files and folders that are not maintained by any DEB package
Linux + how to verify mirror configuration on linux red-hat
How do I kill all a user's processes using their UID
List only bind mounts
How can I create and grant a normal user with root privileges?
Convert a folder of images into a multi-page pdf file using command line tools?
Problem : how can I copy/paste this in vim?
dracut and separate /usr?
Why does sh say "not found" when it's definitely there?
If I connect a physical device, how can I ever know which device file belongs to it?
What are your best practices and future plans for deploying unixoid desktops?
Permanently switching to zsh in a script, without being root and without being asked for the password
How can I use two bash commands in -exec of find command?
What are the difference between man1, man2, man3... folders?
Can I get individual man pages for the bash builtin commands?
How do I configure ssh tunneling past a firewall?
CLI filesystem benchmark for random read/write with specified block size
In Linux, is "write" permission equivalent to "execute" for directories?
Is it possible to nest a 'find -exec' within another 'find -exec'?
Automounting not working correctly for CIFS shares; weird results
How can I convert a PEM key into a RSA key pair?
How do I move some but not all files from one directory to another?
Comprehensive /etc/auto.disks script for autofs that takes into consideration all mounted disks, including NTFS and FAT32?
Execute a script automatically through pbrun?
How to understand pipes
How can i view the contents of a tar.gz file (filenames + filesize)
Why the dot in find commands?
How to allocate more space alongside Windows
Rotating buffer type file logging utility
Is it safe to delete the quota.user file?
Where have I set my bash PATH?
How do I add ncmpcpp search results to the current playlist?
How to include local header files in linux kernel module
Is there any difference between e2fsck and e4fsck on CentOS / RHEL systems?
How to follow links in linux man pages?
Different formats of object files in Linux
What is the purpose of the lost+found folder in Linux and Unix?
Change /dev/sd* for USB Linux install?
Frequently used "ps" (process status) commands in linux?
Why does the Linux installation fail on this machine?
Permissions for Apache and FTPd users
What are "session leaders" in `ps`?
How are NTFS drives handled by Linux? Nothing is in fstab yet it's automounted. Nothing in mtab yet it's currently mounted
Bash history number not starting at 1?
Why can't I sed two [or more..] empty lines to one empty line?
Tell pkg-config to look *.pc files also in /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig, system-wide
If I have a netbook, is the output of xrandr relevant for buying a large external monitor?
Select code block in vim
Find FreeBSD ports that depend on another port
Unable to mount NTFS partition from user account
How to make grub work again after drive reassignment?
GID, current, primary, supplementary, effective and real group IDs?
Open emacs in a terminal when editing crontab
vim is too slow when saving files
Detect init system using the shell
Bash history: "ignoredups" and "erasedups" setting conflict with common history across sessions
Is it possible to capture all network traffic using tcpdump?
Most "effective" archive to convert to
Which user group can use the 'tap' net device?
Emacsclient docs mention emulating Gnuclient. What is the relationship?
How can I output "temporarily" to the shell, like zsh tab completion does?
How to read Word .doc files?
How to add a user to sudoers file?
How to recursively list all hidden files and directories?
SCP fails without error
Cron & Gnu Screen - Trouble with detached screen
Change screen "hardstatus" color dynamically 
How do I find the overlap of two strings in bash?
How to completely rebuild boot partition with grub as well?
How to repartition pendrive again?
Understanding /dev and its subdirs and files
How do I install LXDE and the X Window System on Debian Squeeze
Wireless troubles with Netgear WNA1100
How does /dev/fd relate to /proc/self/fd/?
file descriptor vs. file name
Why won't my X Server won't start as a regular user?
Running comprehensive speed tests on a drive
Why the value of VSIZE in top is different from the value of VSZ (Virtual set size) in ps?
Endless pulseaudio error logging: failed to acquire autospawn lock
Remember applications on logout from LXDE
Is there a way to kick kswapd and make it swap out pages?
Measuring time within a script
Powertop tunables: what does it do?
Is there an alternative to CUPS?
mode-specific emacs keybindings
How to change height and width of each page of a pdf
Correct permissions for /var/www/html?
I have an ATI Radeon HD 6300 series video card; what do I use, radeon or radeonhd driver?
sed: delete all occurrences of a string except  the first one
How to run my own program without specifying its path
How can I display file info of a man?
Buffer size for capturing packets in kernel space?
Regex : match 2nd and 3rd character
Submit "&" to Drupal 6 form using cURL?
Regex : how to verify that there are 13 greek letters with an odd number of consonants
Solaris equivalent for depth/prune?
How do I make "black&white" the default?
Regex : all greek letters with 5 unique letters (meaning that each letter only appears once)
Arg list too long error while using find
Read and process a string, char by char, yet allow user to simple line edit the input
How to count similar results in several columns in Libre Office Calc?
Screen brightness reverts to max after returning from `xset dpms` display suspend
Creating Directories: with Permissions
Linux user interface programming? (esp. for Python and Fortran)
Make a failed SSH forward a fatal error
Cannot rotate screen in Debian Squeeze
Xorg key clicks?
Need libca.so (Needed to install epics)
How can I "relink" a lot of broken symlinks?
Force X to use second video card so I can pass through first card to XEN VM?
Accidentally executed sudo rm /* on a remote server
How do you set an environment variable?
Efficiency of lots of inotify watches or stat calls
How to echo an escaped string
command line tool to set time zone
clear command in Konsole
Disable action keys
Keyboard input not displayed on the screen?
Is there a tool in linux that allows multi-line regex expressions?
Is there a way to install Arch Linux without any installation media?
What are the advantages of Btrfs for end users?
"This is a 32 bit computer, you can't use 64 bit software on it"
Converting a string from a file into a date
How I can get keycode and make multimedia keys usable?
Best practices for secure, separated virtualhost LAMP environment
Loss of disk access on external USB system/boot drive
Best way to use a shell with Cygwin in Windows 7
Uptime and who -b are showing different times when the system was last booted on Linux
Changes for py2cairo ebuild to activate xpyb in build
How to make it go back to the CLI after running cnetworkmanager?
Need small and light stand-alone one-file ftpd server
What is reliable, autoconnecting wifi manager?
How can I have a separate umask for directory or user?
GNU: Delayed jobs Queue
How To Install Virtualbox Guest Additions On CentOS via Command Line only
rename character "â" of directory name?
Atheros ethernet driver
Recursively rename files and directories
RHEL Time Changes Automatically
Change tracking in OpenOffice?
How can I have screen transmit an audible bell produced in a background window?
Bash Reuse Process Substitution File
How to find whether a software (which may *not* be in the PATH) is pre-installed or not?
How to sync multiple Palm PDA devices?
What does this process STAT indicates?
How to figure out the exact package name of a `.so` file, so that it can be installed through `zypper`?
Xen on openSUSE 11.4
How to maintain (top) row visible while scrolling?
compgen : ignoring case
'man' page is too narrow (not taking advantage of terminal size)
What GNU/Linux magazines, e-zines are available?
KVM guest machine graphics problem
How does the power button shut the computer down without root permission?
Is it possible to use Internet Connection Sharing with DHCP?
recursive statistics on file types in directory?
Why do we need to specify partition type in fdisk and later again in mkfs?
LVM2 partition alignment
How to feed the results of date command into grep to filter results of another command
Why does 'make' complain about a missing rule when I try to build a program from source?
Install libbz2 from source on CentOS
Installing Fedora from USB key
Install apache,php and mysql on CentOS VPS
What does fsck -p (preen) do on ext4?
Show message when cd into specific directory
How to know the number of messages received in a message queue at a point of time
Package managers Update versus Upgrade?
How can I permanently remove a web browser's SSL warning for HTTPS sites that fail to identify themselves correctly?
Searching for a string on multiple zip files
Where can I propose development ideas for Linux desktop?
How to analyze profile data from `perf record --a` (system-wide collection)?
Asking rsync to delete files on the receiving side that don't exist on the sending side, with exceptions on the receiving side
Syncing time with Windows Server Dual Booting systems
How to turn off the help menu in Lynx
Why does adding a non-VLANed interface to a bridge break the VLANed interfaces?
How to temporarily disable the Escape key in a Terminal?
Modifying a set of binary files
Low graphical mode, system hangout, no boot, no live CD boot
Why is my PATH not listed in my .bashrc file?
iPhone type login screen?
CentOS - Check partition information from command line
Ctrl+C does not work in gnome-terminal
did a " sudo go-wrx" on / ... oops, broken
On Solaris 7 Box trying to get X Record Extension Library to work using x11vnc
ssh tunneling a local display to another server
Rotate pdf pages: 90 degree for even pages and -90 degree for odd pages
How are directories implemented in Unix filesystems?
Why does Vim have different cursor positions for different modes?
Automatic Volume settings?
Alternatives for "lsof" command?
How to execute a script on gdm login automatically for all users?
Generating sets of files that fit on a given media size for tar -T
How to check if my wireless connection uses AES or TKIP from a terminal?
How to calculate percentages in LibreOffice Calc?
Handling an option-like filename in the shell
Should I disable hyperthreading when concerned about performance of single-threaded applications?
Using debuild to build shared libraries .deb
sendmail not sending to the cloud (local mail works)
How to check if NTPD updates machine's time successfully using shell?
How to disable the trash can in KDE
How do I configure mutt to display the date header in my local time zone in the pager?
Tar a folder without .git files?
Running proprietary software on Linux safely
Easily switching over to a dynamic window manager from KDE
Allow users to run only specific binaries with root permissions/privileges
Trouble installing MySQL from binaries
Some M4 macros don't seem to be defined
Can't see files on my cell phone
Access history of a file
How to recover a file just deleted
Postfix cannot find a MySQL shared library
Using vim to view the contents of a directory file
Configure dwm to automatically open applications
Share the clipboard between bash and X11
Getting started with Slackware as a web server
Are there any problems if I install an old version of a Linux distro?
Difference between cp -r and cp -R (copy command)
Command like `column -t` that instead keeps separators in output
How to search for a string only in textfiles? (recursively)
How to make a bitmap font for *nix environments?
Behavior of ping with partial packet loss on Ubuntu
Permissions of webserver's root directory
How to specify special characters in djvused bookmarks
Private Debian repository to serve selected packages to selected machines
Solaris swap allocation with mlocked shared memory
How to count the number of a specific character in each line?
What's the point in adding a new line to the end of a file?
"Permission denied, try again" while transferring files with scp
Change the number of the partition from sda1 to sda2
How does the "tail" command's "-f" parameter work?
Which to choose - BSD or Unix-style commands where available?
Best way to remove file extension from a string?
rsync pattern copy: dotfiles
How to convert VMDK to VDI/VHD
Run a simple http server locally on a non-80 port
How to construct a read-only compressed modular filesystem
Does GRUB consider partition order when looking for config files?
XenServer how can I shrink the virtual drive of XenServer domU?
Passing the "--float" option to OpenVPN client from  NetworkManager
Are there any better/safer methods to launch the OpenVPN client as a normal user?
How to resize a VirtualBox HDD image
How to apply changes of newly added user groups without needing to reboot?
Is there a way to run an ssh server on an Android device?
How to install KVM on CentOS 6
xterm colors are too bright
Where can I find a list of 'make' error codes?
How to obtain inverse behavior for `tail` and `head`?
Localhost .htaccess not working on Ubuntu
How to run a specific program as root without a password prompt?
Change the default font size for single account in KDE
Detecting SSH agent forwarding
Measuring disk I/O usage of a program
Measuring RAM usage of a program
List the files accessed by a program
LXC container network/routing issues
openSUSE 11.4 doesn't wake up from suspend to ram, sometimes doesn't logout
Vim Highlight only the characters, which produce comments
In emacs, is there a way to Hex edit/view a buffer without losing the undo info?
Answer yes in a bash script
Use `less` to view comma-aligned data
TWAIN API support on FreeBSD
How to pipe md5 hash result in shell
Slow down just one process to regulate CPU temperature
What is the proper sudoers syntax to add a user?
How can I print out information about a Wireless Access Point in range?
How to prevent my screens from dimming (going black) from the command line
Why is `while IFS= read` used so often, instead of `IFS=; while read..`?
Install php_http on Arch Linux
Can ssh return directory list?
How to stop python from looking for .py files
How to use a custom crypto algorithm in ipsec?
Problem while running "newgrp" command in script
When would you use an additional file descriptor?
Static routes in HP-UX
How to download specific files from some url path with wget
How to create a read-only snapshot in btrfs?
How to create a read-only snapshot in LVM, and then rollback to it after some work?
Linux "top" command: What are us, sy, ni, id, wa, hi, si and st (for CPU usage)?
How to fully sync local repository using Mercurial (bitbucket)
In `while IFS= read..`, why does IFS have no effect?
How to mount a device in Linux?
Linux device-mapper & ext4: what happens when the COW table fills up?
How to enable two finger scrolling without trackpad options?
Toggle going to sleep when laptop lid closes?
vim script: how to change "put =" to an append?
Why most unix don't have undelete function?
Can I have my own version control system?
Allow su without password for users in a particular Active Directory group when using pam_winbind
Don't lose the current command when up is pressed in a terminal
Why does iptables still block my samba?
Why do I only get 100mbit on my Asus GigaX1005?
KDE4 does not finish loading
rpm content compress
An equivalent to OS X's "open" in Cygwin?
How race conditions affect reads and writes (that happen at the same time)
Run Python Portio script as normal user without root access
How can I stream in webm format using gstreamer?
IRSSI: HilightWin is showing Joins/Parts/Quits
Tell if a folder/file is hidden in Mac OS X
How to unset the positional parameters?
Setting only of background or text color back to default
What does "video output" mean in media players?
Howto find my xorg.conf. Where is it?
Rename files with random characters from sha1sum. Will the names be unique?
Prevent tmux from starting up on SSH
Determine if the current user has write permission in a directory
Automatically run commands over SSH on many servers
How to use keyfiles,for ZFS whole disk encryption?
How to strip multiple spaces to one using sed?
How can I make ls show information about the directory specified only, not info about its sub-files or folder contents?
Why am I getting an InitDevice::CreateDevice error when I try to run "Pirates of the Caribbean" with Wine?
Recommended Resources To Get Started With Terminal-Only Linux Server?
How can I handle raw binary data in a bash pipe?
Receive Pop/IMAP email and then forward as encrypted to gmail
How can I quickly copy a GPT partition scheme from one hard drive to another?
Obtaining md5 during wget
In tcsh how can I prepend 'cd ' to the output of a pipe?
How to set keycodes manually in vim?
List all files containing a specific string
How to replace one char with another in all filenames of the current directories?
Fedora firewall with UPnP?
On AIX 6100-05-02-1034 how can I create custom umask for a specific directory?
Got a black screen while booting archlinux installation program
how to force flash player to use XV output for video streams?
Using Ctrl+B in less within tmux
How to kill a command started over SSH - the SSH connection lost
keyboard and mouse not working in QEMU
Recommended live distro with persistent USB storage and Compiz
Light, easy-to-use presentation software
Why is grep -o -w not giving me the expected output on Mac OS X?
Weird control-d behavior
equivalent to Ubuntu's apport-bug in Fedora or Mint?
Does Mint Linux have apport-bug for bug reporting?
why would typing Ctrl+c twice stop a running process in Linux?
Can I spoof the MAC address in Android?
Bash Script Argument Regex Group Conflict
How to remove LiveCD after installing OS on VirtualBox?
Organizing messy folder based on filetype
Use cgroup to limit the memory usage of virtualbox
Fork: Negative return value
bash multi line command with comments after the continuation character
Powertop strange results
Fastest way combine many files into one (tar czf is too slow)
Slow response time with Gnome shell in Virtualbox fullscreen mode
In synaptic, is there a way to always expand "Details" when installing a package?
How to setup linux server for headless use?
Return Carriage not working (Screen)
Why is vlc not syncing audio and video correctly?
What linux kernel is arch linux using?
list the timestamp of the files in "find" command
Missed get command of FTP
LVM tools on raw block copy
Getting a window's PID by clicking on it
Bash shell script to locate and remove substring within a filename
Listing only the files in a folder and inside its subfolders
Red Hat cannot boot after clone with dd
dialog or zenity?
RPM dependencies with localinstall
Plesk 10 migration failure
Change command-line "environment" to programs command
Looking for small distro (to be installed automatically, with g++ and javac)
Run getty on a serial port on startup on RHEL
CentOS server migration
Does window minimizing free memory usage?
How to use gnome-session-save from cron?
Fail to use "locate"
How do I get DVDs to play in Debian?
Is there a way to limit overall CPU consumption?
Can LVM snapshots be writable? (and used for temporary experiments)
How to create a snapshot in btrfs, and then rollback to it after some work?
libssl and libcrypto backward compatible?
How to know how long a process has been running?
How to colorize output of ls ?
ftp option to overwrite file if different size
Fresh Install of Ubuntu Grub rescue
Where can I find the Official File Hierarchy Standard for UNIX?
What happens to partition labels after removing a partition?
Boot-loader to boot to an encrypted partition
Is there a way to show previous messages in screen?
SSH tunnelling with multiple dynamic port forwardings
Dual head configuration with two touchscreens in Linux
Error installing xserver-xorg-video-* package from squeeze-backports in Debian Squeeze
mv filename .. (Where will the file go?)
Bash color output fails
Can't open transferred website from old server to new server
Why does the exclamation mark `!` sometimes upset bash?
can't connect to mysql as admin from outside
Tab autocompletion and history in tcsh
Left Ctrl key swapped with Fn key?
How to test if a function is defined in awk?
How to iterate over two sets of iterables in a shell script?
mv a file without breaking a symlink to that file
Backup or snaphot tool for ext4
GRUB won't boot, live CDs either
Dual boot install (Windows after Linux)
zmv for zsh: Dry runs and man pages
Is there any way I can obfuscate ".sh" shell script?
How can I switch to my USB headset automagically when it's plugged in?
Recovering from Sys Rq + r
filename with no spaces from two command lines
sudo to remember password for list of commands?
What is a command to find priority of process in Linux?
Using bash "double paren" arithmetic expansion, math fails with leading zero
variable concatenation not working?
Why won't Gedit save my file the first time I try?
Can less retain colored output?
plesk update fails
Why are capital letters included in a range of lower-case letters in an awk regex?
What is the "caller" command?
How do I get losetup -a to behave?
.zshrc and the configuration function
Trying to print up down arrow keys
Disable a user's login without disabling the account
What reasons would prevent a machine restart from proceeding?
How to pass lines from a file to a bash script, so that each line remains undivided, even if there are spaces?
How can I run a separate X session on a different physical display?
Move folder content up one level
How can I run tcpdump from a Python script without AppArmor complaining?
grep surrounding characters of a match
Alternative to `pkill` or `pgrep -f` on cygwin?
How to find the installation path for a software under linux?
Does AIX really beat Red Hat Enterprise Linux?
Routing in OpenVPN between a private network and a client
Type from right to left
ssh server: reasons for sudden "Connection closed by remote host"
Enable line breaks when assigning multi line outputs to var in bash
/etc/hosts file syntax. Is it possible to set one IP for a zone?
Is there an ARM repository for Arch Linux?
How to kill two or more processes with one kill command?
Converting DOS text files to Unix
Making the Spotify Linux client (for Debian) run on RHEL
lilo, install in target-mbr from another system
What does `export COLUMNS` do?
How do I replace certain text with the respective line number using sed?
Multitouch support on KDE
How to speed up my build
Access point (with hostapd) on the same interface as the network/gateway?
start process so that it can't spawn new ones
How can I diagnose and repair missing drive space?
Keyboard bindings from bash to zsh?
How do I remove "permission denied" printout statements from the find program?
If I SSH into a remote machine and my connection gets dropped, then is there a chance that the run I made will continue on?
Testing if a process is running via if and -z
How can I display syntax highlighting on a file?
How to use $? and test to check function?
How do I delete all lines with ".png" in a file?
Difference between help, info and man command
Directing Xorg input to selected application
Simple queuing system?
Keyboard Problem with Debian testing and gdm3
benchmark tools for linux
Using grep -v on multiple arguments
List available updates but do not install them
How to soft kill gui applications via terminal?
How can I make VIM a full fledged IDE
How to display line number while doing grep on a file
How to monitor incoming http requests
Disabling lid-closure sleep while on battery in Debian Squeeze
How to specify characters using hexadecimal codes in `grep`?
How to enable (format) a disk in SunOS then add it to a DiskGroup?
How to colorize text in emacs?
Understanding colors in zsh
Problem with calling program from the command line
How do I rebind M-/ in Emacs to M-- (dash)
Gnome3 defaults to fallback
Black Screen When Booting From .VDI Image
Why can't I call this program using its full path?
Why can I append to a file but not overwrite it?
Disabling (or removing) X from CrunchBang home server
advantages and disadvantages of manually un/mounting drives.
copy consumed output to stdout when stdout is redirected to a file
Is it possible to "fork" STDOUT to two different locations?
How to easily and securely share files on a linux system over the internet?
How to turn off xscreensaver automatically while watching Flash video?
Expanding variables in zsh
Cleanly reinstalling an application
How to "set" this home network mesh up
File damaged/lost during transfer?  Recovery possible?
How far can you go with rm -rf / as root
Ubuntu 11.04 wireless driver not detected
Difference between free -m and ps -euf
Installing FreeBSD from USB-Stick boots but later can't find the USB-Stick
Can a WM raise or lower windows?
how to make read only filesystem writable on busybox?
executing multiple greps in a single find command
Cannot get startX / Xorg to work on freeBSD 8.1
Using `pidof` with `sh -c`
Reverse ip lookup
Cannot pair my generic keyboard via automatic PIN
How can I create a unionfs-fuse mount that is readable by all?
How can I configure IP address from class E on Linux?
All about ssh ProxyCommand
Why are there so many files and folders within the folder of Tomboy?
How can I specify that curl (via command line) overwrites a file if it already exists?
How to filter IPv4 and IPv6 addresses?
How can I remove a specific line from a file only if there are other lines in the file?
How to turn microphone jack to headphones jack?
Text files with sections in common with a given file
ssh port forward to access my home machine from anywhere
Which Debian Architecture Should I Use? AMD Sempron 2500
Suddenly changing users
Which header defines the macro that specifies the machine architecture?
What is the Linux equivalent of Windows Startup?
How to remove duplicate lines in a large multi-GB textfile?
Scheduled task on reboot
setting up an IRC server on freebsd
Dynamically change desktop background from bash script
What should I do with a remote AIX machine if I accidentally "chmod 644"-ed the "/usr/bin/ksh"?
FreeBSD installed package location
How do I change the extension of multiple files?
Multiple Unix Sessions
How to change the compiler settings with AutoMake?
Delete files while excluding files using find
wget -c website's certificate verification
How does createrepo work. How does yum understand parse its files. A conceptual explanation
Use "grep" to match text in multiple files
Convert text to image in centos from bash
How to permanently remove obsolete icon from Ubuntu Xfce notification tray?
Open Sakura in home directory
Group information reported wrong for a specific user
Open Sakura in home directory
A distro with Ubuntu 11.04 and Gnome 3 installed by default
What is the safest hard drive format for archiving media storage data?
Getting PHP fatal errors in vTiger while logging from a normal users
ZSH: Globbing the first N files under a path in lexicographic order
Yum: How can I view variables like $releasever, $basearch & $YUM0?
What do the device files in /dev actually do?
Why can't sudo redirect stdout to /etc/file, but sudo 'nano' or 'cp' can?
Use different authentication methods for OpenSSH server depending on client IP
I killed sshd but it's still running?
In Openbox, is it possible to execute a command in a matching window, or open a new one if no match exists?
Seeking command-line example for adding images to MP3 files
A Live Linux Distro which is as small as possible (no X, no networking, bash)
Debian PPC on PowerMac G5 boots to blank screen
Debian: version numbers (now/then) and changelog for all upgradable packages
Using sed to edit lines in a file with a variable
How to run java process to be seen not as 'java...' in processes list?
How can I revert a package to a specific version on Gentoo?
How to awk the "df -Pm" command to get FS names that have more then 90% the FS usage?
Human-readable ls output under AIX?
expr - managing strings
How to modify the output of tcpdump to be human-readable?
Loop examples in bash
Displaying and updating a counter in bash
Why do newlines mess up my while condition?
How does tr '[a-z]' '[n-za-m]' work?
Installing Elementary OS on a MacBook Pro 13" Early 2011 (8,1)
How to make those old-school GUIs (like the debian/arch installer)
Rename mailboxes in mutt
ZSH: Stripping path, filename and extension from a list of files for piping a command
How is my domainname determined?
Vanishing permission on device file (RHEL 6.1)
Set some firewall ports to only accept local network connections?
SSH "sleeping" for a long time before connect?
What do these commands (`tar`) actually do? Is there a better way?
Compress a directory using tar/gz over SSH to local computer?
AIX ftpd - how to set umask for a given user?
Renaming files to have lower case extensions with 'rename'
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6: /boot/grub/menu.lst or /boot/grub/grub.conf?
Reporting Network and Vital Statistics and writing to db and image
Where can I find official POSIX and UNIX documentation?
Which Distro/Virtual Machine combination is fast and stable?
special character in filename (\#033OA)
Why can I still log in via SSH (PAM Auth) while `shutdown -k` is active?
Delete files in a directory which are also in another directory
Gnome-terminal slow to start from launcher, fast when started from terminal
Extract multiple .tar.gz files with a single tar call
recursively copy only images and preserve path
vim always shows help/documentation
Why are packets not moving forward?
Sort behaves strangely on case sensitive sorting
Streaming all local audio to Icecast Server
linux patches related to time measurement accuracy?
Is there a way to place a comment in a file which vim will process in order to set filetype?
Chkrootkit warning about infected port 600
Have to type out whole path in order to execute an application in OSX
Prevent unwanted buffers from opening
Setting vim filetype with modeline not working as expected
Security with Kernel IP Forwarding Enabled
Directory size calculation difference
How to remove/change the message displayed when opening a terminal?
Deploying code on a bunch of machines
Why is sorting files by access time not working?
How to use the date command to find out what date "monday week 40" will be?
Command to install linux headers fails
How to non-interactively configure the Linux kernel build?
What makes grep consider a file to be binary?
How to startup FreeBSD in console mode
Permission denied (even as root) on a mounted ISO image with Furius ISO Mount
How do I execute a command on a given string in each line of a file?
Is there any method to mount a block of memory as a filesystem in linux?
Does linux have Blackbox like mechanism when system crashed in embeded linux?
umount - device is busy
recursively change file permission but not directories?
Blacklisting Drivers
Get load average excluding niced processes
Aliases interpretation
Why does $((40-35)) turn into 5?
How would one  detect if external command exists in a script?
Timezone, Time setting in Linux using shellscript
ZSH: `ls *(.)` lists regular files only but `ls *(/)` does not list directories only
How to rip a DVD to a format like ogm/mkv
Emacs M-h selects paragraph + an extra line
Auto indent / format code for Vim?
Adding more Emacs-like bindings to ZSH's line editor (ZLE)
Can't get Hurricane Electric IPv6 tunnel to work on Fedora
Comparing text files on Emacs
Can I get full video capabilities in Arch Linux guest on Virtual Box?
Pulse Audio and Roaming Profiles on CentOS 6
smbpasswd failed for new Samba install on fresh Ubuntu 11.04
How to disable graphical shell?
Getting vim to be silent when using -s {scriptin}
How to replace a list of placeholders in a text file?
Fedora 15 screensaver won't wake up after about 10 hours
Convert gnu screen status line to tmux status line
Is a file manager in Linux a necessity or a luxury?
Splitting giant files into a specific number of lines
When running sudo make install environment variables are not passed
Why is iwconfig in /sbin?
Does -q definitely turn off wget output logging?
Emacs subshell (M-x shell) not autocompleting shell aliases
Security hurdles to enabling sources in repo
When is exFAT coming to Linux?
Unmet acroread dependencies preventing Synaptic install
How to convert binary installer into rpm?
Cannot forward when going through Welcome screen in fedora 15
How to enable cups-lpd / port 515?
merge that works at word granularity instead of line
iostat usage and output
Extracting queries from log file that do not include banned lines
convert images to pdf: How to make PDF Pages same size
Is it possible to run a webdav fuse client with no root access?
Multiple ACLs in Squid Proxy
Determine the USB port to which my Mobile is connected?
How to add newlines into variables in bash script
Package: git-1.7.6.1-1.el5.rf.i386 (rpmforge) Requires: libcurl.so.3
Managing and applying custom updates to multiple identical machines
How do I make a gnome window only available on some workspaces?
CentOS boot problem
Get rights for specific user on file/dir
Emacs ansi-term and term not working well when I ssh into a remote machine
Unable to connect to host via ssh
Improving my AWK skills
SSH tunnel to router periodically hangs. TCP problem?
How to update ubuntu repositories?
Installing Aqua interface on Darwin
Symbolic Link local .jpg file to .jpg file on the internet
User logged in by sftp does not show up in `w`
Where can I find a download of Darwin from Apple?
How do I change file associations from the command line?
Solaris ptree style tool for Linux
How to debug SSH port forwarding
What commands have -h human readable option, and how can I enable it by default w/env variable?
How do I associate the Windows key with GNOME menu in Fedora?
How to autofocus already joined channels in irssi with /join?
How to use cron + python to regularly adjust screen brightness?
Is there any way to prevent deletion of certain files from user owned directory?
How do I get most of my standard Linux utilities and commands on Android 3.1?
Where to store media files on a shared linux server
sudo without password - security?
UDP multicasting broken after kernel update
Replace symbolic link which linked to directory target
How to disable emacs here document completion
How can I change the permissions in /sys to alter the state of a LED/light using `udev`?
Backing up and restoring a system user account
dual-monitor bugs during resolution setting
Which Scheduling algorithm is used in Linux?
Switch off syslog on laptop?
Is there a different linux kernel for different architectures?
Why does activation of LVM partition with large snapshot take a long time?
Confused about PAM configuration stanza and the roles of the control-flag parameters
virtualenv type tool for apt-get?
Why does a bash here-string add a trailing newline char?
Actively developed text browser
Make sed ask for confirmation before each replacement?
Cron job not executing
Laptop does not power off after it has been suspended to ram
How can I use imagemagick's identify command in a script to tell if a JPEG file is invalid or corrupt?
Indirect return of all elements in an array
Is there a way to split a HTML file without losing all the formatting within each segment?
How to copy files from linux to windows using winscp from a folder which contains millions of files
Connecting to a machine which is behind a university gateway
How to "rpm -i" a package only when an older version does not exist?
How to make putty to not break my session after some time?
dpkg, apt, synaptic. aptitude: can user customizations cause conflicts?
apt-get equivalent of yum localinstall
Fedora 8 recently extreamly slow with frequent freeze ups
How can I send spoofed packets in Linux
Grubby fatal error in Linux kernel installation
What is the Linux distro ranking based on number of packages?
Is xfs_fsr safe to interrupt?
Disable loading of Touchpad
change entire directory tree to lower-case names
More sophisticated file command for deep inspection?
Debian Linux installation cannot play sound
Is there a linux distro that uses Jack audio server all the time?
Where to obtain Broadcom DW1530 wireless-n wlan half-mini driver?
How do you determine if AIX 5.3 has perl installed?
Is it fine to use tail -f on large log files
How do you display xterm colors with putty/bash?
Does mkswap check that a partition is a swap partition before formatting it?
How do I pass a list of files to grep
Remind syntax combining a weekly event with a time range
Setting up diskless workstation for multiple clients
What does this error mean: "igmp[1435]: setsockopt IP_MSFILTER"?
Compare an old file and new file, but ignore lines which only exist in new file?
How can I log all activity in a terminal window?
How can I test if a program is running from within a script
Is MSN chat encrypted or not? If not how can I make it encrypted?
Should I be using 'sudo' in scripts that I write?
shorthand for feeding contents of multiple files to the stdin of a script
deciphering unix statement
How do I modify the search index in Ubuntu 11.04?
Execute and renice a process in one command
Home key not working in terminal
Dual Screen with res wider than 1680px in Fedora 14
Where to put swap space, at beginning or end and other swap questions
Is crontab multithread?
terminal transparency, Imagemagick, and X11 root window problem
Wicd cannot detect wireless networks on Debian 6 testing, Xfce, fresh install
How to hinder root from running a script
list header files used by a project compiled with gcc along with hierarchy
Are there any GPG checks in OpenBSD when installing an application?
Replace string with contents of a file using sed
Mounting Windows share on startup without storing password in plain text
What's the cleanest way to schedule autoexec.bat like command in Linux?
How to register application in KDE?
How can I reconfigure my Ubuntu PC's 2.6.37.6 kernel to shrink it to 950 KB or less?
How can I use cron to display messages on the screen via notify-send
New SL6 system: No hostname?
Quoting in a function results in error
Prevent a subdirectory from getting deleted / enforce a directory structure
rpc.statd running on system not using NFS
How can I make a script in /etc/init.d start at boot?
Removing redirection operator does not change output. Why?
Is there a simple linux command that will tell me what my display manager is?
"unix:10.0" in DISPLAY variable
How to make Firefox open mailto: links with mutt in terminal
NFS mount to a subdirectory of already mounted directory
CentOS 6 "Default" Installation Options
What does :p[rint] do in vim?
Windows Managers vs Login Managers Vs Display Managers Vs Desktop Environment
Recovering Ubuntu
Make cd automatically ls
View stdout/stderr of systemd service
Change the order of displayed fields of arbitrary command output
Truncate long lines in emacs from command line argument
How to install Scala?
Dropbox doesn't connect properly on boot
Possible to extract title and pagenum of each page in a pdf file
How do I grep without leading whitespaces?
Linux recommendation for old laptop
Is ext2 suitable for daily use on a desktop or laptop?
How to check if the system is ready for mounting NTFS by user?
DTrace to trap any chmod applied to certain files
Killing multiple GNU screen sessions with the same name
What is the most compatible Linux distribution for MacBook Pro?
Open-source computer algebra systems for linux
Select between given characters in vim
syntax_highlight <source_file> | lpr
How to enter Erlang Mode in Emacs?
gnome-keyring-daemon couldn't allocate secure memory
How do I recover/kill an SSH session after losing connection?
OpenSolaris vs. Debian for Xen Hypervisor VM server
Pretty print mails from mutt?
How to use /dev/fb0 as a console from userspace, or output text to it
How do I do a ls and then sort the results by date created?
Difference between 2>&1 > output.log and 2>&1 | tee output.log
Install Ubuntu's font in other OSes?
iptables rule to allow access to internet
Upgrading curl in Centos 5.6
How to find which Process is causing High CPU usage
What is sport and dport?
TinyCore Linux & RVM
What is the Linux equivalent to C:\Program Files?
How to disable line wrap in a terminal?
Repo source for firmware-linux-nonfree?
The difference between deb versus deb-src in sources.list
Newly installed Debian install is not recognized
Are free shell accounts safe?
Debian Testing or Debian Sid?
Is there a way to combine a file with crontab?
Dired+ on dark color themes
How to determine what filesystem a directory exists on?
Access memory via a flat file in Linux
static ip to a freebsd server
Issues with Vim while using ZSH
reformatting output with aligned columns
What is not shell specific?
How to check if a file is tab-delimited and has 8 columns?
Scripting window behavior in KDE to depend on monitor being used
Stream error logs
How to disable the Forward/Back buttons on my mouse
wc -L reports a line-length of 8 for a tab-char. bug or feature?
How to include data files (pictures, text files, ...) in a debian package
Is there a way to write a script to do ftp login so I don't have to type things over and over again?
Unix read -p command causes bash error, how do I fix it?
Invert colors of the active window
Mutt: how to safely store password?
SED: insert text after the last line?
How can I prepend a tag to the beginning of several files?
Possible to extract title and pagenum of each page in a djvu file
How to make BT keyboard available at login and OS selection screens
Linux Mint Change Screen Resolution
Extract several pages from a djvu file
Has my Debian installation disabled hibernate in Windows 7, on my dual booting machine?
Should I put application into /usr/local or /usr/local/share?
Is there any web browser that uses keybinding apart from uzbl?
How to set up the DOMAIN_HOME environment variable in SUSE Linux
Increase Space of /usr directory in Cent OS
curious soft raid 5 setting inconsistency
List files larger than {size} sorted by date
How do I install the latest version of Chromium in Debian Squeeze?
Invert colours on Dual-Screen / Dual-Monitor setup?
Files uploaded as root to the web server can't be overwritten by web application
rtorrent: Can't connect to trackers on CentOS 5.6
How to change from csh to bash as default shell
Why should the ECN on your machine be disabled?
Can ping but can't do ssh
How to prepend a license header recursively for all .h and .cpp files in a directory
Improve the font rendering in Fedora
Clone ownership and permissions from another file?
Cannot execute binary file
eth0 is proxy-arping, but /proc/sys/net/ipv4/conf/eth0/proxy_arp is 0
How to put Mysql path in bash profile on MacBook Pro 10.6.8
Why do hard links exist?
On startup, highlight tags and display tags in a preview window
How do use the define_webjump in conkeror
why for loop doesn't raise "argument too long" error?
How to manipulate awk variable NF in zsh?
Behavior of mmap'd memory on memory pressure
Using grep to read a paragraph on Solaris
Knowing Privilege rights on a file in Linux
ActiveX under Linux
Using `select` command to print a menu in Bash
Improved MySQL interface
No installation option with livecd
Lock a byobu session with password?
How to see who is logged on to many workstations?
Asking rsync to transfer files without connecting to the remote rsync server?
Can I use 2 WANs on DD-WRT?
Substitute text with sed and keep part of the original text
Managing disk space on servers
Testing LS_COLORS in zsh
How can I tell if the pipe buffer is full?
Using syslog from a kernel module
ssh, start a specific shell, and run a command on the remote machine?
Load my .profile for bash in Emacs terminal buffer? (multi-term mode)
What does it mean that a distro is "based on" another distro?
Comparing files and their properties
How to stop Bash appending history
What is pageant for Linux? Saving SSH private key passwords
Note-taking and outlining using Vi: On startup, highlight tags and display tags in a preview window
Does OpenSSH_5.9p1 support Chrooted SSH?
How do you make a cross-process locking in Linux (C/C++)?
Linux client that can communicate with NetMeeting
Detect bad USB cable
Automated incremental backups to an external drive
Multiple installed versions of git - centos
How do you protect a plain text credentials file with the username and password?
Is it possible to export env variable via Upstart?
SAMBA Share - Keep user from deleting a file
How can I resolve a hostname to an IP address in a Bash script?
Need to find a cronjob
How to run a specified codeblock with getopts when no options or arguments are supplied?
'Cannot open display' on restored GNU screen session
How do you get NOPASSWD sudo option to work in Fedora 15?
How can I make a public variable in Linux that all users would see?
Customizing bash shell: Bold/color the command
In a regular expression, which characters need escaping?
What is the difference between these two sudoers lines?
How to turn off all event notification under CentOS 6/GNOME?
Under AIX, how can I get the full path of a program bound to a port?
How do I install BleachBit under OpenBSD?
Default fedora 15 install, how do you get a network drive to mount after login?
Where is the best location for finding information on /yum?
What do I need to change to have a fully transparent panel?
Migrating from Ubuntu to Debian
Which stream does Bash write its prompt to?
InitDevice::CreateDevice problems with wine
Where can I find a list of all yum repositories?
Debian preseed.cfg/automatic install setup not detecting hard disks
Does mount always require root privileges?
Can't connect remotely to server running redhat (ec2)
Converting a line from a firewall on OpenBSD 4.9 to OpenBSD 4.7
What is the best CentOS 6 repo list for LAMP stacks?
Is there a way to make GNOME Panel backgrounds stretch vertically, rather than repeat?
Can libvirt check if virtual machine is fully booted? Can another tool?
emacs, How to copy region, and leave it highlighted?
How good is the support for NUT-based UPSs against APC?
Is there a linux equivalent of the Mac OS X command "textutil"?
Is there a way to set the size of the history list in bash to more than 5000 lines?
"Short read block" error trying to boot RHEL
What happens in each step of the Linux kernel-building process?
Is ArchBang just Arch Linux + Openbox?
Free way to get financial data as Bloomberg terminal
Script to prepend the files path to a file recursively
Is there a way to determine what services use  a specific syslog facility on RHEL?
Tmux not scaling to fill the window
How can I use environment variables in my shebang?
Finding out what Linux I'm running
Did `sudo init 6` cause my file system to be corrupted?
Does Printing a PDF to PDF degrade its quality?
Timer interrupts count in `/proc/interrupts` is updated very slowly and is very small
Recommended reverse firewall applications for linux?
Resize LV's in a LUKS encrypted VG - Ubuntu 11.04
Where to get Kate color schemes?
Inserting text at the beginning of a file with sed via the terminal in Linux
Number of words from a file with the Linux shell
How to use a Proxy when using Privoxy?
Problem with mouse scroll under one user
Are there any virtualization solutions for OpenBSD that aren't from ports?
How to run a cronjob in my regular environment?
SELinux stops Google Chrome from executing
Where should I put a script that needs to execute once when the user logs in graphically?
How can I find the number of files on a filesystem?
Fuduntu not recognized by GRUB
How can I queue processes?
Difference between "make install" and "sudo make install"
how to export zh_CN.utf8 in Arch liveCD environment?
How to ensure FTPeS uses a secure connection?
How to create a multiboot USB for installs
How should I determine the current network utilization?
Lines 1,2,3,4,...,n-1, n to lines n,n-1, ...,4,3,2,1
Which is the best KDE-based distribution?
How do I handle switches in a shell script?
How do I list all installed programs?
How do I set an unlimited size to the history file for tcsh?
Recovering from setting root's shell to a bad file
Showing GNU screen session name and window title in shell prompt
Where does /etc/profile file in Debian come from?
"Symbolic link not allowed or link target not accessible" / Apache on CentOS 6
Allocate file at a specific offset in ext3/4
Allow www-data to execute a a script
On touching a new file why is mtime and ctime older than atime?
Install Slackware on a USB Pendrive
Private vlan concept (rfc 5517)
Are there any audited webbrowsers in OpenBSD?
Are there any keepassx like solutions for OpenBSD?
sharing or synchronizing history between Zsh and Bash
Where to get 32-bit Oracle-XE 11g binaries?
Unable to type some special characters in vi on a debian
Does character 'ä' in usernames cause bugs in linux systems?
How to speed up X over SSH on a slow network connection?
Diff similar lines
How can I test whether connection to the given host/port is established in Bash?
How should I add users non-interactively?
Can I use the same binary on Linux, *BSD and Illumos?
How do I add a postinst file to my debian package?
Flash fullscreen on secondary (bigger) screen doesn't work
Linux on a tegra tablet for programming
How can I grep the results of FIND using -EXEC and still output to a file?
Gnome Update Manager stays at 100 % system load
How can I easily copy one user's profile to another's in GNOME?
add new syslog facility
Unable to boot custom kernel
How to get my USB key to auto mount
Grant permissions using rysnc
Tips for making software updates automatic in OpenSuse (zypper)
Cleanly swap all occurences of two strings using sed
Using iscan (GIMP plugin) from the command line
Don't require root to add printers
GNOME: Use WinKey (Super_L) as a main menu toggle
How to show lines after each grep match until other specific match?
Do CUPS clients need to have drivers installed locally?
CalDAV command line client?
About GNOME .gconf, .gnome2 etc. directories in $HOME
How to use command line to change volume?
Matlab R2010a over ssh -X displays empty windows
How can I reset all the bind keys in my Bash?
Output traffic on different interfaces based on destination port
How to use command line to change brightness and color?
Convert .bdf/.pcf font to .psf(u) for using as consolefont?
How to determine why a machine is running slowly?
NFS to clients with different uid:s than on the server, where the client uid:s shall not show up in the server
If I dd a CDROM, then I always get the exact copy of the CDROM?
How to determine if file is just a permutation of another one?
Execute command on shared account login
Find files without a number
Unatended script execution in ubuntu terminal
Why doesn't "rm *" work when there are files that begin with a hyphen?
How does this bash function work?
Unable to do paswordless ssh even after following standard procedure
Package bash-completion missing from Yum in CentOS
What is the proper way of sharing the /usr subdirectory?
Will Docky run on gnome 3 with gnome shell?
What are pseudo terminals (pty/tty)?
Error handling in shell script
Minimize need for sudo
Install ffmpeg 0.7.1-5 from debian package
Detecting monitor on boot time?
AIX synchronize directory
How do I deploy Firefox Bookmarks for all users in the network?
How to pass a string parameter on bash function?
How to search for a word in entire content of a directory in linux
DEC ANSI command sequence questions; cursor movement
Sed: Replace N first occurrences of a character
Interrupt sequence CTRL+C does not work for user
Backup a Windows PC to a Linux Machine
How can I "cache" a variable in Bash?
Jump to specific character in a line in VI
Adding a TeX macro to the beginning of a file using sed (why doesn't my method work?)
How to run a GUI program as a different user (Debian)?
How to undelete/restore the deleted files in ubuntu linux
Why is 'df' hanging?
"sys/ioctl.h" header in linux
What does . match?
How do you save a complex regex for multiple reuse in sed?
How can I redirect matching lines to a file, and non-matching lines to a different file?
Equivalent to "copies=2" feature of ZFS in Linux with LVM
Can I execute a python statement from a terminal?
What special characters does grep parse by default?
How can I verify that a PGP key is imported into RPM?
LUKS encryption for tape media?
Fedora location of /usr/share/v86d/initramfs
How to generate a lot of (blank) images files?
How to give permission of a folder to a specific user in LINUX/UNIX?
Change the red border between windows in xmonad
self-recovering ssh tunnel over non-100% connection
PATH environment variable in linux
Execute vs Read bit. How do directory permissions in Linux work?
Low-level serial configuration?
Terminate Root Processes
GNU "install" -d flag -- how's it work?
Vim multiple windows / hide
VIM: show all lines edited in session
Slackware boot error after fresh install
Difference between pts and tty
Drop Process Privileges
How to stop warnings from being treated as errors in JHBuild
How to replace the original value of variable in HTML tag
Getting disk i/o statistics for single process in Linux
How do I add an entry to my crontab?
How to start the cron daemon
ssh Connection refused: how to troubleshoot?
Use the system Compose database in Gtk applications
Alias a command to run in the background
Yum Cannot Retrieve Repository CentOS 6
Start a service on HPUX at boot
Open running KVM in separate session
start mysql server at boot for debian
X -config Leaves a Blank Screen
Which application should I blame for compulsively creating a directory again and again?
grub2 Windows doesn't boot anymore
Download only recently modified files with wget over FTP
Is the file table in the filesystem or in memory?
live bootable tiny distro for burn-in testing of LCDs?
How do I leave a message for another (local) user?
How do I cause a watchdog reset of my embedded Linux device
What is a "watchdog reset"?
Lost files copied to a USB ZIP drive on Ubuntu
What processes are started during linux boot and how to disable them?
Output "Hollywood-hacker-scene" from a shell
Testing intranet network
Is there a distribution that offers frequent updates to software packages, but stability and consistency in system packages?
+x permission for files in directory
How to capture from instensive pro in Ubuntu, Fedora, CentOS using HDMI interface?
Gnome stop grabbing my emacs keys
Problem when installing “ia32-libs”
Wrapping socket connections
setting Cygwin's $HOME to Windows profile directory
Slackware, installing Flash and Chrome
Execute bash scripts on entering a directory
How can I search/browse in some process's memory?
Can I automate tar's multi-volume-feature?
Implementation of eSTREAM ciphers available?
How to trace that what had "chmod 640"'ed the "/etc/passwd" file?
Non printing characters
Difference in file listing for SSH and SFTP
Linux kernel 2.6.38 compilation error
Measuring internet link downtime
Print shell arguments in reverse order
Proper way to join multi-volume tarballs?
copying device nodes
A command to check file access permission for another user
Split is not available?
Postfix doesn't send mail, complaining about "Host or domain name not found"
Linux Mint won't run virtualbox
IPTables and transparent proxies
Changing file extensions
Increasing kernel memory size
Unable to capture program exit
Moonlight in Debian
How can we limit the impact of ssh probes?
How to disable SSLv2 in OpenSSH?
Asking curl to skip missing files
How do I build custom Ubuntu CD's automatically?
Padding a number in a filename to a fixed length
Running the wizard again after a new system installation
Audio stopped working in Xine in Debian
How to list prerequisites externally in GNU Make?
Get Position of RAID Hard Drives
I am failing to send mail to a Gmail address using Postfix
How can I prevent Apt-Get from autoremoving packages?
Rosewill RC-212 and Fedora 15
Are there a way to block a program from starting during certain times?
Can't get DBUS data for automatic statuschange of pidgin
Which linux is the most "free"?
How to substitute awk argument?
apt: reinstall older version of a package without altering dependent packages
How can I install Texas Instrument's dvsdk?
Sharing files with NFS and Unix Permissions
Concatenate two screen sessions
How do I limit the number of files printed by ls?
Is there a way to determine what's inhibiting the screensaver?
When executable files aren't
How can I pass module parameters for bonding driver when compiled into kernel 2.4?
Resolving Debian wireless issue
What is the maximum memory a 64bit process can consume?
linux mint 11 64 bit Citrix Client
Copy files in different subdirectories that excludes a string
Optimizing c++ compiliation for a specific machine
Source code of netstat
Mastering apt-get
Using nginx for nagios instead of Apache
Window manager and desktop environment for touchscreens
How to create a PCM wav with mplayer?
Solaris - get a list of the commands run at startup/boot?
Saving tab completion possibilities to a file
How can I automatically run a script inside screen if the script is not in $PATH
Alternatives to XDialog
Configure wireless network from the command line
Automatically kill process if its runtime exceeds some predetermined value
Get CPU utilization stats from C program
How to know which compiler is used to compile Python programs?
Is there ever a reason to use `cat` when you've got `less`?
How do you omit "./" when running scripts on current directory
How do I email root?
vixie-cron.x86_64 doesn't seem to execute jobs on crontab
Printing file content with grep
How do I install multiple java command-line programs?
How to check disk usage in ftp?
How do I fix the to address when forwarding with mail/exim?
Difference between ctime 1 and ctime +1 in find command
Can I use Unix to load-balance two Linux servers?
/dev/sda2 has gone 49710 days without being checked, check forced
How to run a program on boot up?
How do I set a user environment variable? (permanently, not session)
Shell programming, avoiding tempfiles
Will I break debian etch if I install python-support 0.7.1 to it?
How does traceroute resolve names?
configure postfix to accept mail from two WANs
Is there a command-line email client and auto-download attachment to a file?
How to disable root account on openSUSE?
Files copied to flashdrive only on unmount
BluRay Burner High I/O Wait State with UDF; Optimization Possible?
"tar: unrecognized option --warning" during 'apt-get install'
Virtual hosting a tomcat webapp in Apache on RHEL 5.0
Show only hidden files (dot files) in ls alias
Internet SSH Server Security Considerations
Can't explain "crash" entries in output of the 'last' command
How to restrict internet access for a particular user on the lan using iptables in Linux
Understanding quotes in a bash conditional instruction
How do I find out what action or command or script is assigned to a hardware button?
Generate time as expression of 1/1000ths of the day
How to restore a Duplicity backup from Amazon S3 on Debian?
permission error with php/nginx and not using www-data
Error creating an alias for the find command
Is there a way to sum up the size of files listed?
How to use Emacs to run Matlab programs?
how will I make interactive login
Using nohup at /etc/init.d/service
No sound on Ubuntu 11.04
How to find path where jdk installed?
Scientific-Linux: which version has bigger support date?
amixer - How to change recording channel?
How can I exclude files by default with rsync?
What is the native Gnome equivalent for Kile?
How to check password with Linux?
clear(1) after detach in GNU screen
Where is udev getting the ID for iSCSI devices?
Padding day / time values to ensure 3 digit length
Move Web Directory to Raid Array
Lxpanel sometimes freezes
What is the best method to get GNOME 2 in Arch Linux?
How do I highlight a search result in tmux?
Find out global zone Name once you logged into a NON global zone
Running a bash script from a zsh shell
Why don't my arrow keys work in sh?
Locking the screen via CLI?
vi - how to add specific characters at the end of line
How to make less show the previous lines when searching?
Renumbering windows in tmux
Piping for loop output prevents local variable modification
Rsyncing multiple files with white spaces in the names
What’s the difference between a “raw” and a “cooked” device driver?
Use Linux to backup a MSWindows network?
recursive 'ls' giving absolute filenames
How to send input to a C program using a shell script
Grep 'OR' regex problem
Why does curl fail while using this export?
Dynamic search and replace in Ksh
root shell isn't using --color=auto
Omitting results containing '//' from grep searches
Definition of word in ZLE (zsh)
Script or tool for maintenance (archive/remove old files, clean temporal files, etc…) on Unix/Linux
What's so special about directories whose names begin with a dot?
To-do's after installing Scientific-Linux 6.1 for Desktop purposes
How to delete part of a path in an interactive shell?
lsof for a specific process?
How to add a timestamp to each line of a logfile?
How can I determine the fs type of my current working directory?
NFS Shared Folders - Is it transitive?
grep - recognize carriage return as new line
tail -f equivalent
Running a pbk file in Linux
How can nfs service in the kernel be disabled?
No panels in Ubuntu? libcanberra-tk cannot open shared object file
Can someone explain what hunzip is for?
What do the three values mean on network monitoring tools
perl regex replacing globally when global not selected
Having a bash script run at startup and display the results when I log in
Save sessions to file in xmonad
How to "grep -v" private/broadcast IPv4 addresses?
How to find out total memory resource usage with ps?
How to make tree output only directories?
Skype connects to the internet but all my web browsers can't on Fedora 15
Make some virtual MAC address
Filetype not detected
When you type "ls -a", what is the significance of "." and ".."?
Repeatably generate a read error for testing?
Single dashes `-` for single-character options, but double dashes `--` for words?
How to exit login screen and start commandline while at login screen
Mount permissions always blocked
System programming: How to gather info?
Why `.` is displayed by `ls`?
How can I create a direct 8khz audio pipe in Ubuntu?
On Gentoo how do I find list of packages installed after some specific date?
Ignore escape characters when printing string in shell script
On Gentoo is there a way to find a list of installed packages which doesn't have other packages depended on them?
On Gentoo, how do I rebuild all packages depended on some other package?
Problem after ati driver installation
What does “trace trap” mean when reported by zsh?
Windows 7/Ubuntu 11 dual boot plus VM?
Grub MD5 Crypt algorithm
Custom kernel: fails to load firmware when module built-in
My .xsession and .xinitrc files are not executing
Reduce the space around in-line formulas in LibreOffice
Return value of a process and comparison of the number
Install a GUI (KDE) on a centos 5.3
Utility to buffer an unbounded amount of data in a pipeline?
SSH output isn't line buffered?
Bash: test whether original script was run with `-x`
Last failed command in bash
Inderect references aka value of a value in awk
regarding shared memory behaviour
Standard key/value datastore for unix
linux diff tools: create list of modified files
Pretty tail -f for log files
FLAC correctness using MD5 placed in STREAMINFO
How to correct a weird bash prompt on a Debian (Squeeze) server?
Where do I find messages regarding last failed Linux boot?
How to get list of computers similar to what is shown under "Network" in Windows
Difference between SNAT and Masquerade
Display output to console while grep is used
How to do "netcat" relays properly so that I have more control?
What does this awk script do
List symlinks in current directory?
How to group grep results?
UTF8 math symbols & keyboard layout / input
Permission Advice for Webserver
Ubuntu installed from mini-ISO under VirtualBox doesn't boot
Randomly logging out
Prevent yum from checking for updates when a new package is going to be installed
How to keep overwriting the contents of a file instead of appending to it
How to call a generic function without importing its file?
Distinguishing a regular file from a symlink
Mail send to my domain ends up in local inbox instead of exchange server
How can I test whether a block device is read-only from /sys or /proc?
How to see the iTunes shared library from Linux Banshee?
How to limit ftp access to multiple places for one user
Vim remembering settings of edited files
Increasing the size limit for /var/cache/apt/archives
Vim syntax highlight certain lines
Screen content showing for a few seconds before screensaver starts (Fedora 14)
vim - don't highlight search term after a search & replace?
How can I debug a problem with my network connection?
Warnings about read-only filesystems while installing a solaris package
deny any writing to given app and its children
creating vim plugins
Fritz WLAN USB stick - Xlib/Xfree86 dev packages for installing Wine
Correct locking in shell scripts?
How do i run a process in a specific directory?
Is there a way to tell logrotate to ignore open files?
send html using mailx
How to send stderr to stdout with a pipe to another command?
Using "&&" is not effective for cURL submit form (don't execute second line if first line fails)
Open message with given message-id from command line in mutt
How to install Ubuntu 11.04 after installing OpenSolaris.2009.06 without causing any problems?
Copying linux install from non-RAID/x86 to RAID/x86-64
XFCE or pure X11 commands, toggle compositing immediately without restarting X
Init Script initializing daemonized process, but won't return [ok]
Finding duplicate files
XML text file with `^@` characters in it?
How to exclude numeric directories with rsync?
Change behaviour of numpad to dpad in GNOME 3
Piping PS output into a Text file
How to execute script on logging out?
What exactly does rmdir -p do?
Ctrl+a+d exiting terminal?
Launch process as another user/group (in init.d script)
Difference between > and | with /dev/tty
Move to next capital letter
Who is doing the job: ffmpeg or the shell?
How to trace file locks (per directory)
What do the brackets around processes mean?
How to get full path of original file of a soft symbolic link?
Will VMX cpu flags increase the speed of virtual machine software , like VirtualBox?
How to enable auto login in TTY while getting softwares like tmux work?
HP-UX SZ limit for ps?
Success/fail tests for cURL (don't execute second line if first line fails)
Emacs indentation using Tabs
How to watch rss feed for new entries from bash script?
Determine time of last suspend(-to-ram)
mpirun fails to recognize program in $PATH
Set niceness to piped command
ssh into folder
How to remove obsoleted logs with logrotate?
Evalute passed in variable in bash
ls command operating differently depending on recipient
Conflict between my prompt definition and cat in zsh
Running md5sum on a file's contents
"which" equivalent for shared libraries
ifconfig shows an IP out of the lan range
Does mutt support saving to an mbox?
grep directory names, filenames, and contents all at once?
How to make Nautilus search useful outside of /home?
skill on your own session
How can I generate CMYK images via the command line under Linux?
find -exec on zsh: echo works as expected, print doesn't
Bash prompt keeps disappearing
Generic RPM that can install on any os - error: RPM is for a different operating system
Create a temporary file from a stdout redirect or pipe
su user fails with "grep: /var/cpanel/users/user: Permission denied"
debian: Remove or reinstall package in a very bad inconsistent state
Linux ls to show only filename date and size
When do environment variables get set in tcsh?
Endlessly stuck in SSH login loop?
Can't login into webmin on a VPS
xargs with stdin/stdout redirection
Convert pdf to jpg keeping the same name; resize & create thumbs then rename?
Debian Squeeze does not add OTF Fonts
Is it possible to kill another user's program? How?
Where can I find Aptana error logs?
Is there a way to execute a native binary from a pipe?
How to set the default gcc version for only one user?
Why does cd // work?
How to configure permissions to allow gedit, apache, and an IDE play together?
How to use the -t option of Unix command look
How to use regex as field separator in awk?
How to create an unprivileged user in CentOS?
Rename Multiple files and add date before the files
Bring hidden Gnome 3 notifications back
How to create an ad-hoc connection?
touch all folders in a directory
how to have find on a directory with a changing pattern?
Formatting secondary hard drive that has windows on it
How to deal with a pre-packaged program not adhering to the Rule of Silence?
socat reliable file transfer over TCP
Can't see the free disk space of the drive
Automatic internet connection on startup in OpenBSD?
Pinguy OS 11.04 WiFi and Wired Networking is not working
controlling a process from a different session
Spaces as line breaks from inline for loop command
What does this Linux kernel trace mean?
How do I invoke this most basic usage of csplit?
Replace a substring of filenames in a directory
GNU texinfo directory search method?
Failure to recover grub2 after installing arch-linux
Linux Mint 11 won't connect to Windows 7 Wireless Ad Hoc
no default repositories in yum
Popularity contest for Fedora and friends?
Error with if [ -n $diffCurr ]: Too many arguments
How to preserve special characters highlighting when converting to HTML?
"invoke-rc.d: initscript cups, action "start" failed." while configure cups
How to let `sort | uniq -c` separate the number of occurrences by a tab character?
Rsync ssh include & exclude
Find links and their positions in a PDF
Bash: How do you view text that has been "scrolled up too far" in the terminal?
Framebuffer on OpenBSD?
Simple command that switches between two host files
Firefox not working past opening
Which root paths should reside on fast media?
Force VPN using IPtables?
How to install synergy on RHEL5?
Where are NetworkManager's WiFi settings stored?
Why Samba needs the VFS module?
What is the need of the struct thread_info in locating struct task_struct?
Ubuntu 11.04 and large external drives
export script function
Letting NFS through a FreeBSD PF firewall
How do ${0##*/} and ${0%/*} work?
Worrisome HD related messages after power outage
make a linux "from scratch" using package manager?
Why are hard links to directories not allowed in UNIX/Linux?
How do I set different directories for different domains on CentOS 5.5 server?
Using Linux cgroups to balance CPU performance
Make iotop show only the most disk-intensive item
minimal TCP MSS in Linux
Linux Kernel 3.x new versioning scheme
List files that occur lexically after/greater than a given prefix (or, run database upgrade scripts in a proper order)
Show lines matching a pattern and the 4 lines before each
Find a user's writable files and directories
why new pid is smaller than the old ones?
Getting size with du of files only
Need to install MySQL Client libaries but RPM not installing them
How to fix character encoding in bash (arch linux)
Check version of RPM package available in upstream repo if I have a custom one installed
How to use tshark to do this task
How do I install dvd-slideshow on Centos 5?
Which device is using this logical volume?
Why can't I have a folder and a file with the same name?
Installing a unix application?
Is there an easy way to list the number of unique values in a column in LibreOffice calc?
What is the proper way to automate SSH/local command?
What are appropriate execution permissions for ~/bin?
"supervisory" software for school rooms
cURL on Linux not compiled, although installed
Script to check for read only filesystem
Why can't I change permission on a symlink on Mac?
Yum stopped working after upgrading it
What is the recommended filesystem to use when reaching sizes of 50TB?
Is it possible to detach a process started from one ssh session using another ssh session?
Fix Fn-keys for keyboard illumination
Installing yum on CentOS 5
Xrandr not saving setting
Detach a daemon using sudo?
Directory/files owned by a non-existent user
Copy file to xclip and paste to Firefox
How can I get to a terminal or virtual console when Ctrl-Alt-F2 fails?
How to pull a file from a server using scp?
How can I log who creates a directory?
How to view only special content of a log file?
How can I force less to stop buffering its input line by line?
Simulate Windows Media Player media sharing
Upstart - when a given event occurs, in what order are the jobs run?
what is 'nogroup' group's purpose
How to write a column of consecutive integers in Vim over existing text?
What is a good example of a bash script to study in order to learn good coding conventions?
Change cursor shape (or color) to indicate vi mode in bash
Switch between two installs of one program
What does pressing Alt+Shift+3 do in Terminal?
Running a command when a CD/DVD/BD inserted
What was the paid only period in history of SuSE?
Comments in argument lists?
Variable assignment in .bash_profile has no effect
How to connect to a serial port as simple as using SSH?
How to let `named` (bind9) forward certain domains to a different nameserver?
XEmacs: load all files in /home/barry/.emacs_barry
List all RPM packages installed from repo "X"
Override the window title for an arbitrary window in KDE and set a custom window title
Disk Scheduler in Linux
Installing NetworkManager without internet connection
How to fix tab completion so it doesn't hide entries?
Offline documentation of an RPM spec file or how to retrieve an example
Write access without read access
X Session / xdmx, keybindings lost
Split video file into pieces with ffmpeg
Check a bash variable against a file
Block editing *live* in Emacs or Vim
route traffic to github through specific network interface
How to get 3 minutes future date?
How to replace all the tabs in each file in a file system branch with 2 spaces each?
How to bulk convert all the file in a file system branch between Unix and Windows line break format?
How to proceed solving ppp connection problems?
Solaris Command to Stop Listening on a Port
How to temporarily switch from ssh to my local shell?
How can I get my external IP address in a shell script?
How can I move a process into the background and also silence its output?
Extract middle section of lines of a text file?
Remove shutdown/reboot options from logout window
How to code shell script with command line arguments like -la
What does a "< <(...)" redirection mean?
CPU locked at lowest frequency, cpufreqd says it won't manage it?
Graphical login without a keyboard
mount: wrong fs type, bad option, bad superblock on /dev/sdb on CentOS 6.0
Samson Meteor Mic under Linux/ALSA
Can I pass files between commands?
Why is '.' a hard link in Unix?
regex find and replace 0x0D, 0x0A characters
Shell script for moving oldest files?
What is the effect of deleting utility manufacturer partitions?
Can't get directory listing of folder I have permissions to
How to launch a set of program inside tmux or gnome-terminal within a script?
Why does unlink(1) support only one file?
How to manually insert a repository in source.list?
Things to consider when buying a desktop to use dual screens in linux
Xubuntu and gtk apps problem
How to do a `tail -f` of log rotated files?
What does \b mean in a grep pattern?
Open file found with 'find' command
How to uninstall nginx (installed from source)?
OpenBSD NFS server with Linux NFS clients -- file size limit?
Executable symbolic link results in "command not found"
Lightweight feature-rich alternatives to OpenOffice and LibreOffice
Fedora 15: Linux 2.6.40 + tg3 = pain
Completely restart Bash
PCI configuration registers problem
How to conditionally do something if a command succeeded or failed
Where do I change my shell?
Is there MD5 (or similar) to a folder? How to verify if two folders are equal?
How synchronize two disks (or folders) using symbolic (or hard) links (like rsync)?
Vi mode in other console programs
What does ^> mean in a grep pattern?
Finding files by their owner and file permissions
How to exclude directories with blanks via locate's PRUNEPATHS?
convert - unrecoverable error when pdf to jpg
How to run an app in a framebuffer?
Embeded video in PDF
How to give regular users the write privilege to an external drive?
Call man in bash shell for command under cursor
Dashes in printf
Two interfaces, two addresses, two gateways?
nsswitch cache and nscd
find top 10 latest modified files
Mail reader that displays any mbox file or Maildir
mount ramfs as user
Throughput test setup with two local Ethernet interfaces
How to recover a shell after a disconnection
How do I check if a distribution is Fedora-based?
Run in root shell from within a user bash script
Can I use GAIM (Pidgin) to telnet (for MOOs, MUSHes, MUDs, etc) like TF?
Can I "export" functions in bash?
Counting files in leaves of directory tree
"Live" Processor hang under Ubuntu 11.10, how to diagnose/fix?
Screen: Resuming most recent screen? Making selection easier?
How can I create a empty file whose name begins with a dash?
What are the benefits of running Gnome 3 + awesome compared with awesome alone?
How to list files and directories with directories first
How to make apt-get accept new config files in an unattended install of debian from Repo
How to maximize the use of computer performance Core i7
pmount - omit rules in fstab
Relative line offsets in awk (/pattern/+1 or /pattern/-1)
Accidentally included special characters in username when adding user
How to uncompress zlib data in UNIX?
Managed code programming languages in Linux
tar with relative paths
Why is kworker consuming so many resources on Linux 3.0.0-12-server?
pass 1 environment variable using sudo
How to switch X windows from the command-line?
Force thunderbird to open the attachment with associated app
Error updating all ArchLinux packages with -Syu
Creating a local in-house testing web server
What's the best way to determine the working directory for UNIX process using 'ps'?
case-insensitive search of duplicate file-names
For a same unix or linux user, different sets of environment variables
How can I view 10-bit H264 (hi10p) videos in GStreamer video players like Totem?
Is there a more modern or more popular version of evms2?
Do sleeping processes get the same CPU time?
Install Gvim after vim
Where is a good place to put applications that come pre-compiled?
How do use awk along with a command to show the process ID with the 'ps' command
Can a home directory have both .cshrc and .bashrc files?
Hosting Git Repositories as per GitHub
How to re-enable the caps lock key?
How to log if an environment variable is unset?
How to set IP address automatically in Arch Linux?
How can I upgrade a package recursively in Arch Linux?
Reference material about device management
Refresh aliases and functions after defining new aliases and functions?
How can I fix "cannot find a valid baseurl for repo" errors on CentOS?
Where do executables look for shared objects at runtime?
Does a process invoking oom-killer kill itself?
SCP works, but SSH doesn't (over wifi)
Match regex in ksh
Seem to be having a problem with RealVNC with centos can't input username
xfs disk usage is 15-30% bigger than the files
Is there any way to play these videos in Linux?
Arrays and loops in zsh
How to refresh a window by terminal? Or how to simulate `F5`?
Mount and automount and security problems
Download specific files with FTP?
How do I copy and paste text that's in a weird window (pictured here)?
wget - Mirroring a full website with requisites on different hosts
How can I move a directory onto an existing directory?
Limits of SSH multiplexing
Symlink to part of the file?
Combine unallocated space using KDE partition manager?
path_helper and zsh
How to switch HP printer from CDROM mode to Printer/Scanner mode
simple command to strip header and footer from a file
process works without ampersand but doesn't work with ampersand
How to limit the number of lines a command's output has available in bash?
How to really security a linux-mint-desktop?
rpc.statd and avahi-daemon listening on all networks?
How do I dereference links when extracting from a tar file?
Debian 6.0 system with 2.6.39 kernel dropping packets, sandy bridge hardware
Slow performance when copying files to and from USB devices
OpenVPN bridge. Can't access machines on local network
Fragmentation and ext4
How to make nohup not create any output files and so not eat all space?
Java could not get the TGT from cache in Linux client
Is there file format for checksums?
Where are Proxy Settings Stored?
Starting syslog-ng
How can I get bash to exit on backtick failure in a similar way to pipefail?
Mount a Windows network drive
Why must swap partition be nested when created as an extended partition?
grep and brackets in text
How do I set Keyboard and profile preferences when connecting to Solaris via SSH?
Start and stop multiple executable for easy debugging
How to write a script that effectively determines distro name?
How long will Debian be supporting Gnome 2?
Combination of ls, xargs and zcat leads to duplicate file name suffixes?
Do I need a desktop to run a GUI?
what level of the network stack does tcpdump get its info from?
How can I check what version of the VI editor I have?
Sticky bit vs setgid for facilitating shared write access
How can I check if swap is active from the command line?
HPLIP spitting out raw data when I attempt to print
How to exclude a list of full directory paths in find command on Solaris
Suspend/resume single process to/from disk
yum groupinstall "Development Libraries"
Install r5u87x on FreeBSD
How to read a hexdump byte by byte in bash or awk?
Changing my default primary GID for every login session
Differences between man pages
Reading the man pages in my system with hyperlinks on a browser
Fedora, CentOS, Ubuntu Linux all are open source linux, but what about when i want to make my own brand from that?
Can't run certain fullscreen applications
How to limit a process to one CPU core in Linux?
How to install packages to a custom location in centos6
What is the "eval" command in bash?
How to convert hex chars to normal chars?
How to re-enable hibernate in Kubuntu 11.10?
Broken link/launch behaviour on Kubuntu 11.10 desktop after rekonq uninstalled
Process list: /bin/sh -e /proc/self/fd/11
How to report number of files in all subdirectories?
How can I reliably "hold" a package in Debian?
Cannot adjust brightness via Fn key
ESC key causes a small delay in terminal due to its Alt+ behavior
Copy just permissions and ownership from one tar file to another
How can I find all ascii files under one directory that have the word shirt in them? Starting from root
Run a command for a specified time and then abort if time exceeds
Can I safely remove /var/cache?
How does one enable different backgrounds for each viewport screen in linux?
How to run gVim in a single instance
Newlines in filenames
Manipulating X key and pointer grabs on the command line
How do I show all files in a directory except those that have a certain extension AND display them in multiple columns?
Why does the column command not align columns properly?
How to change  the interpret of a variable in `zsh`?
Increment number in bash variable string
How to send variable to an inline shell-script?
ubuntu like lightdm in arch linux
gawk join two TSV by columns (a'la sql join)
/etc/shadow date of last password change—UTC or local time?
Can I use a third-party repository intended for an older version of Ubuntu?
How come my rtl8188cus device cannot connect?
Why are network interfaces not in /dev like other devices?
Switch VI to use backspace key instead of Control+H for backspace?
Problem with maximizing windows on extended desktop (2 monitors)
Change Linux boot logo
How can I tell if no_root_squash is enabled from an NFS client without mounting the share?
Building paths robustly
How to reattach USB thing after safely ejecting?
Audio file as an audio input device
How to add a custom timezone clock to an XFCE panel?
How to use bash control a keyboard
Switching runlevel when moving /var to another partition
How check which user plug in device
For loops in zsh and bash
There is no bash indicator prompt after a forked process terminates
Bash script doesn't TEE output to subdirectory
What is the difference between /proc/self/stack and output from pstack?
History-search in zsh working only for commands?
How to keep a line from being remembered in the history?
How do I re-encode a mixed encoded text file
Hard links vs. Soft links: When would you want to use one over the other?
What is metadata, and how does it aid in the "fsck" process?
Install Puppy Linux or "Damn Small Linux" on Pogoplug (~NSLU2) possible
How do I hibernate my PC when I press the power button
How is FireFox running on a virtual machine that has no display?
Embedded linux LCD not calibrated
Trying to set date on a Linux based machine from another machine
Location of user passwords in FreeBSD
Pipes vs process substitution
How can I find out the estimated power use of my desktop computer?
How to check, which limit was exceeded? (Process terminated because of ulimit. )
Syntax error comparing floats with bc
Where does postfix store email?
How does one open a new window from the shell with a specific size and position?
What unix certifications are available? Are there any self-taught?
Read first line of a command's output. Command connects me to a remote terminal
How to ssh to remote server using a private key?
How do I install Samba on Red Hat Linux?
diff where lines are mostly the same but out of order?
Piping into less and editing: "cannot edit standard input" error. Workarounds?
Can the background of the log-in screen of linux mint 11 change?
How can the log-in screen sound of linux mint 11 be changed?
How to change the flag pictures XFCE Keyboard Layouts applet uses for its indication?
How to remove Notepad from the applications list?
What is the recommended way of start and supervise daemons on Arch Linux?
How can I set Conkeror as my default brower?
How can I remove Orphan Packages in Fedora?
mount freebsd slice partition under linux
Simple wrapper scripts spawning 100s of bash processes
How to open a file in the last closed position in VI
Speakers make popping sound when on battery power. What should I do?
Concatenating columns horizontally. Printing only rows that intersect on 1st column
Wrapping a command that includes single and double quotes for another command
Enable num-lock as default in Linux
How can I embed subtitles into videos with ffmpeg?
Strip trailing whitespace from files
Reinstall or repair Network-manager-gnome in Ubuntu lucid lynx 10.04.3 LTS offline
Why doesn't the following work?: while true; do "$my_command"; sleep 1; done
Why am I getting 'Name collision between ...' errors and how can I fix them?
Command line to return to the GUI after Ctrl-Alt-F1?
What ghc package does cabal-install need?
How to stop a bunch of processes on unix fast?
How would I sort these directory names numerically?
How can I list the top IO consuming files?
What exactly is a "home directory"?
How does the Unix "fsck" differ from the Windows "chkdsk"?
How do I change the path used by the Gnome Command Line applet?
show gateway IP address when performing ifconfig command
Where to find the error messages of Postfix
Concatenate multiple strings with spaces in them?
How can I set VIM's default encoding to UTF-8?
ksh cannot cp from location with space in it?
How can I use man without less?
Why FreeBsd is using man word for various functions?
How to enable nagios user created by yum to use check_by_ssh
Is there a command which will force Linux to flush cache of one file on an NFS share?
Command for swap info in HPUX itanium and HPUX PARISC?
Every time I restart my computer I need to restart Bluetooth service, how can I fix this?
Why am I getting a Non-existent class error in PHP on Fedora?
Can I use tail with a file both as input and destination?
vim regex not need \ to escape
Why would cvs check in a diff instead of a file?
How to alter PATH within a shell script?
Authenticating with x11vnc: what's the difference between -auth and -rfbauth?
What does the syntax of these echo commands mean?
Why is Unix still used if Linux is based off of it, and Linux is free?
Which order does find command use to print out
Command to get cpu cores in LINUX IA64
Gnome 3 gnome-control-center empty
Measuring CPU and Memory per user to distribute "cost" of a server
Set a network range in the no_proxy environment variable
Burning a directory structure from a stdin pipe
What are the current differences between tuxonice and µswsusp?
grep caret appears to have no effect
how to create debian package to install files to /home/user
How to easily install and uninstall unix packages
Is it possible to simulate installation of Debian packages, and still marking them as installed?
Octave package installation: "couldn't create installation directory"
Fedora 15 doesn't find wireless connection
How can I list subversion's runtime configuration options?
how to join different specific lines of a file from within vi
VIM: Create a function to generate several lines of buffer
Non-blocking buffered named pipe?
How can I make custom key bindings work even while SSH-ed into another machine?
Function to evaluate variables in BASH
What is the X desktop start up process / program hierarchy?
Download using wget to a different directory than current directory
How to run Abinit via MPI?
Debian - Stripped down Automated Install Disc
How to configure a catch-all CNAME on Ubuntu Linux using BIND 9
How to limit the disk space for any user?
Linux "rpl" command doesn't replace text
VLC surround to stereo problem
Display Non-Zero Return Status in PS1
Live-migration of a SLES9 DomU?
Wireless networking with CentOS
Cat with Headers and Line Numbers?
KVM: network partially lost for the host, guests are fine
Can I use a Logitech M505 wireless mouse with Fedora?
Understanding Linux executable formats and software distribution packages
How do I proceed further when my reports of a improper functioning of a gnome component has not met with answers on the respective mailing list
Arch Linux doesn't connect to a wireless network
Why is sudo telling me my password is wrong?
Insert a new line after every N lines?
How to boot xenomai on ubuntu 10.04?
GNU/Hurd vs. GNU/Linux
Timer in bash script not accurate when using it with longer times
What audited server programs are shipped in a default OpenBSD install?
What is the "Bootable flag" option when installing a distro?
Are there any "scp -p" just like "cp -p"
How to remotely turn "up" sounds?
Get current Virtual Desktop - number/name/tag/id?
installing column unix utility on windows
Allowed and safe characters for ZFS filesystem in FreeBSD
Bash Sudo Command Not Found
How do I recursively delete directories with wildcard?
How to apply updates on OpenBSD, NetBSD, and FreeBSD?
How do real and effective user IDs work?
What does the syntax on this shell command with extglob mean?
How to install light-weight vim and to be able to efficiently load files into one instance vim?
SSH Public key comment separator
Where does my web server serve files from?
Check and fix all files from Debian packages.
Uppercase input turns on periodically
How to recursively synchronize file timestamps across servers?
How to set parameter i486 on glibc compiling process of x86_64 system?
How to find out that someone is using a Keylogger on the machine I am using?
How to write in directory out of home?
Any cd shortcut to switch an intermediate directory in current path?
chcon: can't apply partial context to unlabeled file while installing nagios with SELinux
How to delete the second column from this input?
Gentoo Gnome 3.2 Wireless "Connecting..."
How to deny rdesktop access to others?
Two commands, one pipeline
Is there an in-memory compressed swap facility (like Compcache) for FreeBSD?
Why are most Linux programs written in C?
(G)VIM uses a different $PATH than my system
how to disallow user to change process group
How to open a GNOME 3 window from console?
rpm --upgrade not upgrading?
Mount a Rackspace drive in Linux
How do I stop gnome's disk-utility from spamming me with disk error messages until my X session freezes?
Bash string replace multiple chars with one
Monit won't execute commands
How to create a new partition in Ubuntu
Can shell variable name include a hyphen or dash (-)?
How to shut down or reboot a machine? [on different OSes]
Why does mkdir not have the -p flag set by default to allow for nested directory creation?
LoJack protection and recovery for Unix/GNU/Linux running systems?
How to use the SVN CLI effectively
Why isn't there a truly unified package manager for Linux?
Changing user and group ID system wide (including file system attributes)?
How to start nvidia x server settings from command line?
How to bypass flash version check in linux firefox and use Gnash
I want my Ubuntu 9.04/9.10 back, is there any current similar distro?
Using --exclude with the du command
How to update Debian kernel to latest in backports
What is a subshell (in the context of the documentation of make)?
Access a linux machine from a windows machine
What filesystem has best support for shrinking?
Remote control an Ubuntu machine from a Windows machine
Permissions for making some some (but not all) files visible directly under a directory
Can lvm2 volumes based on device names like sda, sdb etc be mounted if their names change?
is it possible to recover a raid 5 array by using usb enclosures?
Convert a .xlsx (MS Excel) file to .csv on command line with semicolon separated fields
Writing to /tmp is failing - returning error 22
CentOS 5.5 SSH with Key for non ROOT user
What are the significant differences between different shells?
libusb_init() returns -99
When does `ls -s` print "0"
How do I extract with tar to a different directory?
What linux is best suited for people new to computers?
I need to transfer a very large folder over FTP, without creating a file first
Are there any Linux Distro that features a Tiling Window Manager as main WM?
How can I trigger a script when a certain port becomes available for requests?
Is the sticky bit not used in current file systems
Is it possible to log in in a host with an user created for programs like apache or postgreSQL?
Checking how many colors my terminal emulator supports
Changing terminal emulators
How to Re-Create Missing Vim Directory?
How can I monitor the load of a php script on a server?
How to change a file type icon in XFCE (Thunar)?
How to Display Hidden Characters While Typing?
Printing the current date/time with sub-second precision
Why is the Sun NFS (Network File System) the choice of filesystem for many distributed filesystems out there?
What's the difference between udev and hald?
Run a Command and then Parameter Substitution in one line
nginx ./configure can't find openssl
VirtualBox disk performance?
Reduce LVM /tmp size to 10G and add everything to / root dir
REISUB (Alt+SysRq+key) doesn't work on Slackware13.37_64, KDE
How to configure Tcl on Linux From Scratch?
What is the routing behaviour when two or more default routes?
How to get a clean environment in a ksh shell?
How to put some keyboard layout aside from layout switching ring?
.bashrc doesn't get executed
Making a simple PHP script process text in a pipe
Red Hat Error Class Code: 49 When Attempting To Install Package
Is there a way to increase the 20 multicast group limit per socket?
How can I tell what version of Linux I'm using?
convert djvu to pdf
Mount NTFS Partition on Startup in Ubuntu
xrandr configuration
Adding files to a cell phone connected via USB
How do I track all the most recent file changes on my UNIX system?
What is the easiest way for me to take a video of what I'm doing on a Linux desktop?
How to enable TCP connection in Debian Squeeze?
Trying customize Fedora rescue image - how do I go about this?
How to use 7z to archive all the files and directories (including hidden ones) in a directory?
How to configure a Frame Relay in Unix/Linux?
Encrypt files using gpg (and them symetric encrypting the key) - is it a normal thing to do in the *nix world?
Troubles installing php with MySQL support
Program to upgrade configuration files
Move with possible rename
Using mdadm --examine to write mdadm.conf
Linux Centos 5.5 yum update command is not working
Stream Media Content from Linux to PS3
Kernel 3.0.0-1 and NVIDIA driver boot problems
Call 'ps' as a normal user in Linux
Run script in a non interactive shell?
How do I change permissions on a directory without losing setgid?
Wikilink to a symbolic link in ikiwiki
How to pipe the list of commands displayed by of "tab complete"?
"Cannot run C compiled programs" error when installing PDO PHP module
Should I end my text/script files with a newline?
FreeBSD based routers
Getting input from a USB device listed with lsusb
Forcing 'yes' to new update license agreements?
GNU/Linux, IO performance problems
Can sshd restrict client tunnel endpoints to localhost?
unable to open X server
How to check that a user/password is expired in AIX?
What is the fastest way to install GCC on Wind River 3.02?
Editing the *bookmark list* buffer on Emacs
How to pkill by "command name"?
How can I right-justify variable length output?
How to insert a first column to many files + how to convert unix time to normal time
Ignoring files that find cannnot search or open?
"Permission denied" when starting binary despite "rwx" priviledge
SSH "command not found" for Zsh
Minix: Kernel Panic when booting from the Live CD
Installing Unity on Debian
Permanently changing the ownership (or group) of LVM volume
"Digest verification failed" when updating system
How do I exit a script in a conditional statement?
Why is redirecting STDERR to /dev/null done this way?
Delete matching file from every subfolder of current dir
Find a string (like grep -q) within only a section of a file
Oracle Linux 6.1 guest on Virtualbox 4.1 can't connect to network
How can I direct input from two keypads to two respective terminals on one computer?
create md5 hash from a recursive file listing when some paths have spaces
Installing a Linux distribution on Apple TV 2
How to decrease the size of a logical volume/fs aix?
How to set up backspace to go up instead of back in Thunar?
Does elementary OS use the standard AppIndicators?
Why does a user get prompted for password under AIX?
How to close (kill) ssh ControlMaster connections manually
`Pacman` rollback or fixing a disappeared KDE taskbar?
Creating a GIF animation from PNG files
How to undo an unrar?
Booting a file system image from a HDD using GRUB2 with persistence
Strange terminal behavior: 'j' key not working in urxvt
How to run a command when a directory's contents are updated?
Global keyboard shortcut (inittab?)
Regex & Sed/Perl: Match word that ISN'T preceded by another word
Faster alternative to ArchiveMount?
How to calculate values in a shell script?
Is oops of kernel tainted by staging device less likely to be investigated?
To list out duplicate filenames in a listing?
Stripped down Kernel for a Laptop
How can I boot the PC-BSD live DVD-ISO IMAGE directly via GRUB2?
epiphany plugin for password storage
Forcing a fullscreen game to run windowed?
GPU accelerated transcoding
Linux distribution for a netbook with 7-inch display with 800×480 screen resolution
Using sed once to search/replace different strings
"Linux kernel source code directory" requested in Cisco VPN client install
Arch Linux PowerPC installation guide for absolute beginners
How can you change ident, which shows up as ident@hostname.com on ircll?
Get client hostnames from DHCP
Find out if a session is running under `su`
Cannot connect to Samba shares after reinstall
Writing a shell script to take output of an executable and perform some calculation
Wrapper program that sets signal handler
Returning only the portion of a line after a matching pattern
Is there a way to see the permissions of all the intermediate directories of a path..?
Multiline PS1 prompt
What kind of installation should I choose from CentOS to have it as dom0 xen host?
How can I rename a lot of files using a regex?
"cd //" and "cd /" what is the difference?
crontab "0/15" minutes + "11-15" hour field: when does that end?
How to list all running X applications?
How to configure Linux to use DHCP or static IP depending on presence/absence of DHCP server?
Convert pdf file to epub
List mount points owner and group
What is the general format of keyname for key bindings in "inputrc" file?
Remove empty directory trees (removing as many directories as possible but no files)
Are two files hardlinked?
Return only the portion of a line after a matching pattern
How can different file descriptors point to the same file in open file table?
Avoiding "BASH-isms" in shell scripts
Start up ssh connection on startup
Linux distribution geared towards developers
Does OS X have its own line format?
Connect to Internet using Network Manager in a script or program
What can I use that is small, has linux, an ethernet port, and a hard drive?
How do you format a USB stick after it is being labled "unrecognised" by Ubuntu?
macchanger: Too many open files in system
Fast switching between external and internal screen
Do memory-backed filesystems (like sysfs and procfs) have superblock and inode table?
How to get the complete and exact list of mounted filesystems in Linux?
How does Linux keep track of filesystems?
Portable way to find inode number
Bash - Continuous String Manipulation
How to get netmask from bash?
Detecting multihomed machine
How to get dmidecode information without root privileges?
Debian GNOME 2.30, desktop does not respond anymore
Why are incoming packets on a TAP interface seen with tcpdump but not with iptables?
Bind locally installed library
Can't login as root even after resetting the password
How to find processor speed on Linux w/throttling
Open up many files in panes at once
Using regular expressions with cp
Command line friendly spreadsheets
How to specify the inbox for fetchmail?
Adding 2 lines in text file stanza
Reading lines from a file with bash: for vs. while
Get top-level directory from makefile variable
Enabling multicast communication between 2 AIX JVM processes
Arch Linux cannot boot
Meta key does not open "Activities" menu in Gnome 3
Attach to different windows in session
What good are the signs '-' (minus) in any Linux/UNIX commands?
How to search folder with only x set (execution) permission
How I can know the IP address of other users logged at the same remote machine?
Gnome 3 notification not working after switching back from XFCE 4
What do first column in /proc/mounts really mean in Linux?
Converting relative path to absolute path without symbolic link
What is `#override` in .Xresources?
Meaning of different tokens in a font config string
Replacing XML entity values with positive lookaround
How to redefine kde4 keyboard shortcuts
How can I trap a program that returns 139 (segmentation fault) in bash?
How can I downgrade a glibc version?
sudo -u username -s "cmd arg" returns command not found
How can I test the current carrier state for an ethernet adapter in Linux?
Why is exim4 listening on port 25?
Command line linux alternative for Windirstat/SpaceMonger?
How to zoom into a Java app under KDE4?
Where to install local software that runs before /usr is available?
How can I turn off "middle mouse button paste" functionality in all programs?
Access a variable by name in udev?
Piping STDERR vs. STDOUT
Why do some applications use ~/.config/appname for their config data while others use ~/.appname?
Remotely control an xorg session
Can a service script put inside init.d be called at startup and shutdown?
Is there a way to get the Public DNS address of an instance?
Is it possible to add some sort of hook to wget to pre-process HTML returned?
How can I pipe input from one SSH session to another? Using fifo?
Why won't my Linux install boot?
How to show and modify user info in Ubuntu server?
Unix History: return code octal?
Using update-rc.d
Why can't I echo the password to fetchmail?
why xfce4 always replace a new files in .config/xfce4/panel/?
Bash vi mode configuration to default to command mode
How to cd into the named directory if command not found?
recvfrom() doesn't get any request from any remote client
Fastest hashing method under OpenWRT?
What is a "recursive DNS query"?
Keep screen ratio while maximizing mplayer
Setting execution right to whole directory - is it good or bad idea?
How to store Vim tabstop settings in the file?
rewrite existing file so that it gets replaced by new version atomically, only once fully written
Finding Linux distribution with proper hardware driver support
Why do I immediately get a "Permission Denied" error on login, even with root?
How can I find a Ubuntu package to use with Amazon EC2?
Linux Mint: drives' map changing at reboot brings fstab error
Unable to login to linux machine
cp launched from code results in cannot stat '/tmp/somedir' works in shell
How do I connect to a new wifi on the command line?
Shift-arrow not working in emacs within tmux
How do I upgrade to the newest Firefox via YaST in OpenSuSE 11.x?
How can I change the behavior of hotkeys in xmonad if the program is running?
How to put Network places and My computer icon on Fluxbox desktop
Terminal autocomplete: cycle through suggestions
add "check if fetchmail is running" to this script
How can I alter my Xorg config file to fix the screen distortion I am experiencing?
adjust zfs settings on freebsd 9
Debian 6 Squeeze - installing build-essentials - gcc / g++
Doing nmap on a network
Get file created/creation time?
Unpacking kernel-source rpm off-system (OpenSuse)?
Transfer large files without hogging the bandwidth (is there a BITS equivalent for Linux?)
Installing php-cgi under Ubuntu for Cherokee web server
Installing Freebsd as guest OS on kvm without using VNC
How to install openssh in Crux Linux
Atheros ar8151 driver for kernel 3.x (fedora 16)
Generate lists of page numbers for 2-up duplex printing: 2,3,… and 1,4,…
AltGr keys don't work with Ubuntu in VirtualBox
Mount printers at /dev/usb and still use CUPS
chmod - change permissions on a file
How to modify linux console prompt line ( for a while )
Installing centos and freebsd with serial console
How can I tell a running process to disregard SIGHUP?
Will a users password expire if I set the "maxexpired" to "-1"? [maxage not 0] - AIX
Why doesn't the list command work in mail?
Invert boolean variable
Switching from Debian 6 Squeeze stable to testing version
Compiling kernel modules in Arch Linux
How to list available app commands in terminal
How to print the longest line in a file?
Mouting a kvm qemu disk image with multiple partitions
How can I change the default action of C-a in screen to just a backtick `?
Recovering NTFS drive with safecopy
Why does linux scan my cdrom on boot?
Is using xargs faster than not using it?
Backing NTFS in linux
Most common encoding for strings in C++ in Linux (and Unix?)
How to set CST timezone w/o daylight period?
What are the dangers with using "--assume-yes" with apt-get?
Mencoder with same quality output
Is it possible for grub2 to detect some specific CPU features and choose a proper kernel to boot?
How to use a value returned by a script in grep filter?
Unix (Ubuntu Server): $PYTHONPATH resets to blank when I reboot
./configure, how to provide a different executable during the checking phase
Power off USB storage device/port to avoid power consumption
How do I stop a find from descending into found directories?
Why is `--human-readable` needed and not default?
pattern search and display the last occuring pattern?
Enable Compiz Fusion at startup kde
Is there a way to give emacs the KDE look and feel?
"INIT: version 2.86 reloading" - cause and fix?
join files with numbered index
.bashrc overwritten but still sourced -- how can it be recovered?
Mounting ufs partition with read/write permissions on ubuntu 10.04
Controlling users' default printer as an administrator
What's the difference between config fonts in /etc/fonts/conf.d and gnome-tweak-tool?
create a debian installer with custom kernel
How to filter wvdial/pppd terminal output
How can I start the python SimpleHTTPServer on port 80?
Why do you need sudo for "sudo su root"?
How to turn off smooth scrolling in KDE4
find command with -execdir not reading flags?
Changing gnome terminal transparency with a command in Ubuntu?
Is there a command that outputs a line-numbered file starting the numbering at a specific line?
Backup Manager and Cron : CentOs and Ubuntu 11.10
Replace complex string in several files
How to completely disable swap?
Quickly calculate date differences
Generate resource usage report
What's the best way to join files again after splitting them?
Looking for an efficient way to display PDFs
Running Python script via cron with sudo?
Revoke directory access for a particular user in Solaris
Why is echo ignoring my quote characters?
rc_status always returns "failed"
Linux distributions for ARM processors
Network file sharing with freebsd server
nohup vs. Screen
How do I disable automatic display search?
Best way to back up a system in its entirety?
chmod -R 644 ~/Documents
What filesystems can be shrunk online in 2011?
What does a mirrorlog do in LVM mirroring?
Dependencies between shared libraries in the same Debian packages
Choose at GRUB menu whether NVidia driver should be used
Gnome Activity Journal stalls
Can applications like VirtualBox run at startup without any users logging in ubuntu?
How to listen to all ports (UDP and TCP) or make them all appear open in Debian
How to find a file in the filesystem from the command line?
Confusing use of && and || operators
Privoxy: blocking twitter, facebook and google outside of their domainslr
My touchpad malfunctions after running for a while
Remove messages from qmail queue without stopping qmail
Centos directory server / 389 directory server - any differences?
Finding files containing certain strings under a directory
How to generate Module.symvers?
Is it possible to install a custom Linux on an Android phone?
Choosing a filesystem for a shared disk (not a cluster filesystem like GFS)
How to clean up my desktop?
Execution of possibly harmful program on Linux
How to determine bitness of hardware and OS?
How to remove Apache from CentOS while keeping php 5.3
How to compare to floating point number in a shell script
Returning a portion of a line matching a pattern
Where is the "About Gnome" dialog in gnome-shell?
Significant difference in speed between fsck using ext3 and ext4 on Debian Squeeze
Automounting USB sticks on Debian
How can I launch gnome-terminal with unique titles for multiple tabs?
Why does adding a colon break this grep pattern?
How to execute consecutive commands from history?
GNOME / GTK app installed from source runs with default theme
Restart USB (ehci) in Fedora 14
Partitioning and installing Voyage Linux
What are the main differences between BSD- and linux-based operating systems?
what is the difference between "/sbin/nologin" and "/bin/false"?
Why does this variable have no value even though it is set in .bashrc?
Rename All Files with a Certain Name
Disable/modify middle-click-to-paste in X11/Xorg
Writing usb on FreeBSD to access on windows
Apache redirecting when it shouldn't
VirtualBox host-only network suddenly stopped working , no interface available inside
VPN and gateway problems
How to timestamp a transcripted talk?
A question about permissions of hierarchical directories
Looking for X terminal with correct window resize handling
How to write any Unicode Key without Pre-programmed key for it in kbd?
How to manually manage grub.cfg for Grub2?
Javascript Adobe Reader problem in some linux distributions
On which unix distributions is Python installed as part of the default install?
What is a good X application I can use to test the X server on Solaris?
Changing linked library for a given executable (CentOs 6)
Connect to LDAP with cn=config in Debian Squeeze
printf white space character in bash script
NTPDate runs three times at boot resulting in incorrect date
Can we now find boost 1.48.0 on yum in Fedora 16?
On Unix how do I get the output from the diff command to look like a man page? Where I can press 'b' or 'f' to read further or back?
CentOS 6 installs libmysqlclient.so.16 and friends without me asking
Globbing with brackets and variables in zsh
Provide parameters to scp with xargs
gcc: -pthread: No such file or directory
How to fix bash looking for a program in the wrong dir (Issues setting up NPM on Ubuntu 11.10)
How does this sed command work?
I am trying to install Google Chrome on Linux Mint 7
Create recovery medium from Windows 7 recovery partition
How to change focus in X-window by terminal
Is Debian stable a rolling release?
Ubuntu 11.04 Startup Applicatation vs /etc/init.d
Narrow characters
tar files only, no directories
Asus G53S keyboard backlight
Search string in many files on HP-UX
Remove copyright symbol
How do I install g++ on RHEL6?
Vim shared copy register
New files and folders created, automatically inherit same permissions as parent folder
How to use localhost in browser instead of localhost:10088?
How do I echo a command and include line returns?
Where do background jobs go?
How to download all images whose size>100kb in a webpage?
Replacing identical NIC cards creates eth1 instead of using eth0 in Ubuntu
Epson Stylus CX5600: Can't print
sv_SE.UTF-8 Problems with Bash and VIM in iTerm2
Multidigit ranges of files in lexicographical order in zsh
Why doesn't text piped into an echo get outputted?
Create alias to change directory and list contents
How do I check the network speed right now?
Name resolution doesn't work, but nslookup does
gnome-shell-extension-dock doesn't work in Fedora 16
how to make firefox read stdin
moc command not found?
How can I install hulahop
An efficient filter for .sql files with just "INSERT INTO"
apt-get : no installation candidate for libxul-dev
Why does Ubuntu recommend download the 32-bit version?
Configure permissions
Script to monitor folder for new files?
When is xargs needed?
Asking rsync to create *any* necessary directories
Can't mount remote file system with sshfs
Modify list of devices mounted at boot on Linux
Custom hotkeys in dwm
Upgrading Ubuntu to a newer version while keeping important files and settings
kde install destroys gnome desktop
Moving from Ubuntu 32bit: Mint 64bit or Mint 32bit?
Why does my USB wireless network adapter disconnect every few seconds?
Why not just use standard streams instead of using filenames?
How do I get LibreOffice to run on Ubuntu 11.10?
How to enable safeguards for CPU temperature
Is vnstat reporting accurate?
How to use regrex with AWK for string replacement in this example?
Arch Linux 64bit Android ADB?
What is the lowest level I can see my system running?
How to log whatever I enter in terminal to file
Remove accidentally extracted files
Mount Freecom Classic SL Network Drive (NDAS) in Ubuntu 11.10
Make errors when compiling hulahop
How to copy someone's else folders from public.me.com with a wget-like tool?
Why does Eclipse think I'm typing "ctrl+a" when I'm only typing "a"?
Checking the type of NAT
Change the number of generated /dev/tty devices
Why do backgrounded processes sometimes stop spontaneously?
Wireless rtl8187 freezes intermittently
How does nickel-browser in Jolicloud launch apps, behind the scenes?
Send Email without any settings fast?
Program does not terminate when called from udev
Custom live distro - ways to detect it is running inside virtual machine (or prevent running in VM altogether)
What is this .gtkrc file?
Thunar using no thumbnailers except built in fonts and images
Delete zsh auto completion suggestion
How do I close a terminal without saving the history?
How can I update the OUI list used for Netdiscover?
ssh via multiple hosts
How to perform a sed in-place substitution that only creates backups of files that were changed?
Capturing area of the screen without a Desktop Environment?
UDP NAT Punching
redhat oauth.so missing
How to map a complex multi-key combination into a shortcut to execute a process, in X (across WMs etc)?
TCL vs. DSL vs. TTY vs. Feather - How to choose one over another?
How to get transient highlighting to work from an elisp script?
Gtk theme won't apply in Fluxbox
How can I make bash more readable?
No gnome-power-manager command but it is installed on Arch
Restart does not shutdown first on Debian Squeeze
Fastest way to determine if two sorted lists contain unique elements
Signing/Checksumming the kernel to prevent/detect manipulation
Fetching user input while running in the background
Arch Linux makepkg for AUR now always fails on finding dependencies
Submitting bug reports for Arch Linux
xrandr doesn't detect monitor on hdmi port
FreeBSD 8.2 STABLE installation failing on VirtualBox
How to use regex with AWK for string replacement?
cURL/wget - SSLv3, TLS handshake, CERT hangs
Find to list all files with date pattern to tar them together
Appending checksum information to file
Ubuntu Server Continuously "goes to sleep"
How can I learn some advanced logrotate techniques?
How to print certain columns by name?
Russian timezone is not up-to-date
How to find out if PWD contains spaces or non-English letters?
How do I use the OpenDNS servers for wlan0 in Aptosid?
Will my programs installed in Ubuntu be usable by another distro in a dual-boot set-up?
Will switching from Gnome to LXDE improve battery life?
Why is this ALSA configuration file preventing aplay and arecord from listing PCM devices?
VirtualBox appliance import locks up system
rsync gives "chown <...> failed: Invalid argument (22)" with nfs share
getting file name from the input path to the file in shell scripts
Netbeans has no display on my computer
How can I wrap text at a certain column size?
Mount points in a chroot
Is it possible assigning an separate LAN IP to service/daemon?
What does this iptables entry mean?
Emacs' file extension recognition
Solaris zone removal and transformation
How do I save changed files?
How can I get the most bang for my buck with the "diff" command?
How can I know which IRQ is responsible of high CPU usage
Ubuntu - My /var/wiki folder has gone missing. Is this a Linux issue?
Populate PS1 asynchronously
Is there a legend some place that describes all of these color-coded values at the bottom of byobu?
change sftp to ftp
Is there a way to make tail -F beep?
Is there a command to list the compressed file sizes for files within a .zip file?
Error while loading shared libraries
Only use mtime comparison with rsync?
Is there a log of past threads that are now closed?
Avoid pause during dm-raid initialization
advance strategy to interrupt a linux application that has "hung" and made X desktop unresponsive
Why am I getting btx halted trying to install FreeBSD?
centos locale utf-8
Increasing Screen Size/Resolution on a VirtualBox Instance of Centos
How to get the timezone of a FTP server?
Rogue Java process brings my computer to a halt
Difference between alias in zsh and alias in bash
Managing multiple configurations (/etc) - With a VCS?
How can I tell when a file was modified?
How do you set the path in a non-shell environment (KDE)?
Postfix: save every outgoing mail in files
Why isn't there a djvu2text?
ttyUSB0 permission changes after restart
Emacs Hexl to read device files?
Why does 'for anytext; do' loop four times?
What is the max number of x-clients?
Trouble understanding the Debian bug reporting system
No output to log from tee when starting mplayer as an arg to gnome-terminal
no root shell freely available sudoers policies
Trouble getting awk output in for loop
Clean up concatenated XML files
How to search and replace multiple needles by one word via one expression?
Writing to stdout except for output redirection C
Why can't vim find syntax.vim on my fresh Ubuntu installation?
Using rsync + cron to sync a machine behind a firewall with my dropbox
Create target directory when extracting tarball
connect() blocked for 3 seconds after a lot of success connect()
Log analysis software
256 colour prompt in Zsh
How should I configure grub for booting linux kernel from a USB hard drive?
watch command alias expansion
Gnome shows workspace before showing the login screen
Empty typescript file with the script command
How to preserve bash history in multiple terminal windows
Simple shell script needed to move database files
Prevent Midnight Commander opening files on mouse click?
Debian squeeze post-installation automount problem, USB port confused for /dev/cdrom0
Download recursively with wget
Running a bash script as a less privileged user with upstart
How to implement a rotation scheme with rsync
How can I count the number of lines of a file with common tools?
Problem at boot-time: "Loading user-defined modules [FAIL]"
working with filenames in a different encoding over ssh
Why does Unix store timestamps in a signed integer?
How do I add a logon GUI to Backtrack 5 R1 with GNOME?
Boot device /dev/sda1 does not exist on Debian in QEmu
How to play RTSP stream under Linux for the BOSCH AutoDome Junior HD IVA camera?
Is it possible to have X parse a per-user configuration file?
I wiped my /etc/yum.repos.d
Turn off buffering in pipe
What are my options for integrating audacity into shell scripts?
Install FFMPEG on RHEL/CentOS
Make changes to /sys persistent between boots
Enter process running in background/bring to foreground
Only one CPU core is active on Fedora 16
Cannot install Debian on QEmu-arm
CentOS doesn't know what the internet is
Running any kind of login script when sh is linked to bash
How to create a bootable USB stick with Debian Squeeze
Is there a difference between Linux and Unix?
Where can I find configuration file for uw-imapd on debian?
Linux based tools for multiple TV channels (cable TV) digitization
Xvfb does not release memory
How can I match the page break character in a regular expression?
Restricting memory area for linux kernel
installed `default-jdk` but there is no `javac`
How much strip(1)-ing is okay for kernel modules?
How to reinstall /bin/sh
What does : ${param:=value} mean?
huge .sujournal file on FreeBSD
What's the next step in troubleshooting this wireless connection failure?
Can I prevent a file from being created?
Can I copy a MySQL database by copying the files? What do the files contain exactly?
Why does initramfs mount the root filesystem read-only
dump out some tables of the database
Kernel can not boot after upgrade on Fedora OS 15
Can't access Apache log folder
NMAP probing VirtualBox Client
Does Android really use the same kernel as Linux?
What does Arch Linux offer?
reference problem in using sed
Maze screensaver on old Unix computers
Bash is not fully functional for a new user
Faster graphics in KVM guest
How to set an alias for a specific file or directory?
How to share files between Linux and Windows?
LVM2 can not wake up suspended logical volume
What happens when I close() a file descriptor?
Looking for a Java class in a set of JARs with find, unzip, grep
What are dyld_shared_cache_xxx files and how do I extract object files from them?
Is Grub installed to all the MBR of a RAID array by default by the Debian Installer?
Linux 2.6.32, busybox, Identify physical SD device
Crash and exit code 721035
Delete lines beginning with #
How to save the results from ls to a command?
No, I don't want persistent net rules
How to follow (a la "tail -f") a binary file from the beginning?
Is creating a sparse image using dd appropriate for backup/restore from a RAID?
What's the name of the top-level directory
How to cut the output to only gather the filename and get-parameter?
Updating tar.gz daily only with changed files
mv on a glob pattern does not work without sudo
Grep alias - line numbers unless it's in a pipeline
Making udev ignore certain devices during boot
Error with grub2 installation on Backtrack 5
What does this [number] beginning many lines during the Linux boot screen represent?
When using awk /pattern/ { print "text"} /patern/ {print ""} is there an ELSE pattern?
Suggestion for an ISO image indexer and manager?
Installing gcc on rhel 6.1
Copy file over existing SSH session?
Retrieve URL content and follow redirects
What is the purpose of `/etc/group-`
Provide user name when using vim with scp
Making applications persist when closed (like on Mac OS X) on Linux
iptrace for linux: how can I trace full packet contents?
Fedora 16 install does not fully shutdown
How long has GNU kill(1) accepted a name argument?
How can I log in my laptop with public key authentication?
creating a sequence of numbers, one per line in a file
killing a process on a remote machine when the machine is stuck
How do mouse events work in linux?
Why is (free_space + used_space) != total_size in df?
How to add home directory path to be discovered by Unix which command?
Windows Recovery from Grub messed up my computer?
how to find out the ip of an ssh HostName
Wireless indicator light flashing for activity on laptop keyboard
Is there more, less, or equal overhead for elisp, as for a bash script, to call awk, ps, etc?
cron every X exact meaning
Labeling/Aliasing multiple network addresses
Is it possible (and a good idea) to do `pw lock root` on FreeBSD?
cyrus impad and recursive 'INBOX' directories
After screen Reattaching, previous bash broken
screen : automatic creating or reattaching sessions in different configurations
Efficient in-place header removing for large files using sed?
How to automatically record all your terminal sessions with script utility
Add additional processing in an automake build for one object
shell commands to check & create dir
automatic proxy selecting depending on target
Getting data section with maximum element
Is it possible to stop emacs from down translating my key chords?
What would cause file-roller Gtk-CRITICAL errors?
Linux : Alternative of install_name_tool of MAC in CentOS
How to treat a file as a single line with grep to apply a regexp search pattern?
MySql: LOAD DATA INFILE
Creating a Linux distribution that only runs one application
How to get the version of my nvidia driver?
How to close X Server, to avoid errors while updating nVidia driver?
How to execute this particular shell command from Python?
How universal is the -L (dereference symlink) switch of the 'ls' command?
How to install non-outdated nvidia drivers using apt-get?
Bash - file, arrays and output
Why a long delay after command not found?
How to access X display from a cron job when using gdm3?
Can't dualboot Fedora
How do I prevent a script from terminating when the shell exits?
Grep a directory and return list with line numbers
Insert after a second pattern in sed
"svn update" doesn't show my updated files
How to set domain name in Crunchbang GNU/Linux?
Why do some packages use 'make install' while other use 'sudo make install'
If ^a^b replaces "a" once in the last command, what do I use to replace all occurrences of "a"?
Avoid a trailing slash in bash when completing a directory name (like zsh)
How store in a variable a file list that includes the backslash when needed?
where should I put the sudo in this command?
volcopy for Linux?
Linking issues with libjpeg
Faster alternatives to lsof
'mysql' user and group creation, ownership settings
Pasting from clipboard to vi-enabled zsh or bash shell
NetworkManager on Fedora 15 can't find frequently used wireless network
How to reinstall apt on Debian?
Detecting headphone connection/disconnection in Linux
Restart MySQL server
Logged on via ssh-key, can I reset my account password?
Best Distro For Artificial Intelligence Research?
Error dropping database in MySQL 5.1 on Ubuntu
Is there a way to beep when tail -F stops to fetch new results?
Is Pidgin integrated with Gnome Shell?
Gracenote database
Syncing two computers with unison and ssh
How to make a src.rpm unpack the source to whatever directory I want?
tunneling FON traffic via Tor
Implementing rollback in bash
USB keyboard won't work with usbhid driver
List ports tunnelled on OpenSSH server
Track daily directory changes (and email them)
Debian Wheezy netinstall can't configure DHCP
Grep: how to add an "OR" condition?
Debian + Nginx/Unicorn permissions
Compressed filesystem inside a file in Linux
Different ways of using expr command
How to find HDs associated with a mount point
Auto-update on Scientific-linux 6.1 64bit
Skype missing GPG key
source .bashrc command doesn't work
Can today Linux/X/Mesa/whatever versions use OpenGL with nVidia GeForce 4 Go 420?
Transferring access privileges from root to regular user
Detecting computer models , e.g the vendor
Some keyboard shortcuts do not work in Compiz
vim horizontal line count
Auto correct path when running a command from history?
clear tmpfs in my case
How can I know if IP Multicast is enabled
What and how is the encoding of a raw (headerless) audio file?
dealing with un-executable commands inside a shell-script
I want to use a bluetooth keyboard during initram
Can't Install/Update packages on newly installed CentOS
Output of which command used for input to cd
Screen cuts off beginning of long command when accessed through bash history
Why does the following osd_cat script fail?
Defining a TV on a laptop as a separate xorg screen
How can I pipe output to another process, but retain the error state of the first process?
configuration for my wireless connection
What does this hard disk error message mean: “Current Pending Sector Count …”?
Awesome symbols and characters in a bash prompt
How do I "fix" Flash?
Lock file from being edited or deleted
Webcam on Angström
How can I run a specific command for each find result?
Can I fix bad blocks on my hard disk with a single command?
How can I create a terminal window with one tab per long-running script that I can individually kill with ctrl-C and restart?
How to output string completions to stdout?
brace expansion other commands besides mkdir?
Restricting access to files on an external drive
Is it dangerous to use Fedora 14 until 2012.01.01?
Is there a third-party application that can communicate over Skype's network?
Wireless WAP Roaming on Ubuntu Server
How to check if there are no parameters provided to a command?
Parallelizing a for loop
How to produce a file encoded in Mac OS Roman
Password expiry in Samba v3.0
Removing a directory hangs
Reduce eclipse tab size with GTK theming
Vim unnamed register + or *
How to install Linux on the Lego Mindstorms NXT
How to put a command's result into a variable?
Is there any disadvantage in using SSHFS instead of SSH alone?
Configuring OpenSuSE's xinetd
Image viewer for multiple images
stop Xserver in Xubuntu 11
Ubuntu 11.10 with gnome shell - suspend wake up sound
Zram does not start at start-up
Parallelizing a for loop with very large number of iterations
How to install exactly the same packages on another computer in openSUSE?
At the root level (/) directory, why is that .. refers to itself?
How do I prevent ssh remote login from breaking dbus?
How to Cygwin Xwin -query an Ubuntu 11.10 Xserver?
What are the .Trash-500 and .Trash-1000 directories?
Hotmail Folders
Is there a root password on OS X and Ubuntu?
How do you add a package (or a mirror?) if the .rpm you're looking for isn't available in your VM build of CentOS?
Skype doesn't work with webcam A4Tech PK-130MG
How can I access my work computer via SSH (Teamviewer works)?
Automount external storage as user readable and writable in Debian XFCE?
Installing OpenGL in fedora 14
What are suitable distros for the Asus EEE PC 701 4G?
How do I know if my microphone is mute or unmute when I have more than one microphone?
What do all the pictures on the front of the "Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook" represent?
FreeBSD vs Damn Small Linux for a Really Old Machine?
How to correctly add a path to PATH?
What are all the items on the cover of the "Linux Administration Handbook"?
Is there a unix command line tool that can analyze font files?
Why do different terminals have different values for keys in the .inputrc file?
How do I downgrade my nVidia Driver in openSUSE 12.1?
How are parentheses interpreted at the command line?
Turn off notifications under Scientific-linux 6.1
Is it a bad idea to disable portreserve?
Is there a way to stop having to write 'sudo' for every little thing in Linux?
Scientific Linux install ISO hashes?
What to do after a kernel panic on AIX?
ratpoison keyboard shortcut conflicts
/etc/crontab what does "test -x" stand for
Crontab not triggered
Searching in many files
Rename directory inside of a tar archive
What was superuser password set?
Is there a backup tool that recognized renamed/moved files/directories?
How do I permanently mount a separate partition as folder in a separate home partition?
Allow Windows file share through a Linux Firewall
Spoofed MAC address ignored by wpa_supplicant?
How to connect two computers via internet with ssh?
How to assign USB driver to device
Are multiple @daily crontab entries processed in order, serially?
Understanding sudoers:
Open GNOME session remotely through SSH
How to set global environment variables at boot through a script, and have them available for an application that runs before login?
Second field in /etc/shadow
Outputting to the screen on an ARM Mini2440. Currently just has a login prompt
Creating a public document directory for a normal user
How to create a bounded queue for shell tasks?
Nautilus, mount ISO file with right-click menu
sshd_config MaxSessions parameter
Setting CPU frequency guidelines
How to split stdout to go to several output files?
Do I need hardware support for KVM for virtio paravirtualisation
XAUTHORITY environment variable set repeatedly on every login
How to make front audio jack work again after waking up from suspend?
What is the need for rsync server in daemon mode
Juniper SRX210, how to make DHCP to Static IP?
How do I enable locate and queue the database to be built?
Set executable heap
Discovering EMC PowerPath LUNs and creating partitions on Solaris
App which can execute arbitrary code on different events
How to split each page of a djvu file?
Battery monitor for LXDE in Arch Linux
Atheros AR9285, Linux and 802.1n (oh and a linksys E3000)
Why does Unix time start at 1970-01-01?
Compare two files
LinuxMint, unable to set swap partitions to equal priority
Fix 'Enter passphrase for key: '
If you SSH into another computer, how to access other X displays?
What starts the login prompt in RHEL?
Finding out *what* is synchronizing two Linux servers
Why does Stackoverflow in Iceweasel cause high CPU usage for Xorg?
How can I "cat" a file and remove commented lines?
ISO file readonly?
Extract pitch information from audio file
Keyboard layout bug in login window after screen lock
How to quickly store and access often used commands?
tabs when using 'screen'
What is the kernel doing when I bring a TUN/TAP interface up
Software for navigating a network diagram
Debugging Syntax error: "}" unexpected (expecting "fi")
Minimal gui for Eclipse Indigo on Ubuntu
New Mail Arrived notification Kmail + Jovie Speech customizing
What is the best distro for Toshiba Satellite L10-205 (old hardware) used mostly for development?
Loading speedstep_centrino kernel module
How to start VNC server on start-up in Ubuntu 10.04
Make Software raid of kernel use dedicated core of cpu
How do I make sure grub is only installed once?
How to rewrite all subdomains except one
auto accepting rsa key in bash script
How can I use sed to replace a multi-line string?
File permissions issue with webserver and ftp server
How does one get rid of screen flickering
Broken PATH in CentOS 5.x
Missing entries from messages file
Why doesn't 'which ruby' output anything?
No sound with Mint 12 and Realtek ALC892
Why does my one instance of VLC have many processes?
How does setting the Setuid bit affect shell scripts that run on boot of the system, before any login has occurred?
Colored FIND output?
How to run tcptraceroute utility on UNIX machine?
List of modified files of the past 24 hours
Why my $PATH is not inherited by the invoked bash?
Setting up X server on Centos6 minimal
Remote support software Linux to windows, like teamviewer
Create a partition from a directory
Filter out HTTP GET request within wireshark?
Suppress duplicate messages in rsyslog?
On Debian in fluxbox, GtkPod has no write permission, but does in GNOME
How to get environment variables to persist across login?
How can I use one network port for VPN and the other for everything else?
How to see free disk space on SunOS?
Mail vs. mail what is the difference
Preventing `passwd` for asking for the local password
How to fix "number of errors while writing to disk(or) multi-zone error rate"?
Specific command sequence with sudo and file permissions
Emacs: Deleting a line without sending it to the kill ring
Vim: mouse support lost after using netrw in xterm
(How) can I create a tmpfs as a regular (non-root) user?
ssh prompts for password despite .ssh/authorized_keys
Cross mounting nfs shares on linux servers
Where is Netbeans installed on Ubuntu?
Fedora 16 using systemd kernel boot parameters to change 'runlevel'
Accidental deletion of /lib directory in Fedora 15
How can I copy all users .bash_history files into my home directory?
Use command line to download file which is accessible only in a given session
Why is apache2 showing up a defunct in the process list?
Calendaring daemon
How to avoid "make" redoing a library
How to create a SSH tunnel over 2 servers?
Adding rules to my mail server
How to setup DHCPD on two interfaces (Angstrom)
colorizing ls output based on filename
How do I get (only) the http status of a site in a shell script?
Stuck between these two books?
Possible to convert a linux installation to .VDI or ISO format?
What are the books about creating own *nix OS?
Access the last file (alphabetically) in a directory
What tool(s) should I use to test my hardware for errors?
Questions about nmap
bash find xargs grep only single occurence
Build a "live USB stick" image without actually using a stick
How can I create a new keyboard layout for KDE 4?
Renaming files in lexicographical order with a numerical pattern that increases sequentially with fixed padding
How to delete duplicates of files in directory and subdirs?
How to auto type password for SCP or SFTP to automate it?
Recursive search doesn't work for grep on solaris
Can ping any hosts but localhost. What's wrong?
MDADM - how to reassemble RAID-5 (reporting device or resource busy)
Deny external SSH access to a user
Can't install lsb-core on Ubuntu Server 11.10
GNU screen color and pine
When patching what's the difference between arguments -p0 and -p1?
Grub installed by Scientific Linux does not boot Windows
How to add methods to rush (Ruby shell)?
Wait for process to finish before going to the next line in shell script
Making shortcuts cross desktop environment, possible?
What's the last number in this ip address?
Safely use SD cards when power can go out at any time
Linux distribution that still ships with KDE3?
Screen margin for compiz?
Resize a Physical Volume, resize2fs won't work with it
Send task to background in an "if"
How to hide shell process information when starting background process?
In terminal, I can search to end of log faster than the data gets there
Update phpmyadmin manually when installed as an package
Can I run several TKL appliances on one server box (eg, HP Microserver)?
Can you switch between windows within an application in Openbox?
How to create QtCurve theme KDE
Write all tmux scrollback to a file
FPATH in zsh: functions and site-functions
Changing the default shell without chsh or administrator privileges
Is there a yum or apt-get like system on Solaris?
Output the changes to a log file
Strange error with ccsm (fedora 16) 32 - bit
put tab before every output line on AIX/ksh
Alt+Tab on Fluxbox
How to create reverse-lookup file for BIND that points to some networks?
python == python2 OR python == python3 ? How to package, distribute python py2k scripts?
How do I correct a directory incorrectly copied into itself?
How to delete line with echo?
What command line tools are available for testing Web Service?
Purpose of hard link and soft link
Have Thunar remember file ordering for folders
How can I match this text in awk, printing line numbers for matches?
How can I increase the number of inodes in an ext4 filesystem?
How to read from two input files using while loop
How can I regenerate the default '/etc/' config files?
How do I set a user's default .bashrc file?
Salvaging a "broken" hard drive
Set alignment of numeric columns when columnating data
Patching a file (in this case dwm) and failed hunks
Tab spacing in VIM
How to run a C program as a daemon?
Can separate unix accounts share a username but have separate passwords?
Why doesn't my iptables rule work?
Ubuntu 11.10 SFTP chroot jail problem
How to install Netbackup software in solaris?
How to make new KVM with existing hard drive
full access to remote computer without remote static IP
Can I use `apt-get` to upgrade to the latest version of Nagios?
Why use `chmod 644` instead of `chmod u=rw,go=r,...`?
How to invoke root privileges from my custom app?
How can I paste (overwriting) with vim?
How can I network these two computers using eth1394/firewire-net, automagically?
What is word splitting? Why is it important in shell programming?
Can I change root's email address or forward it to an external address?
How can I track who SSH'es into my linux machine?
How can I change a user's default group in Linux?
How to check if a shell is login/interactive/batch
Will process ids be recycled? What if you reach the maximal id?
Linux distribution with 'yum' package manager
How to split window vertically in GNU Screen?
How to move window in GNU Screen
Grub and boot loader
FreeBSD CPU frequency scaling on AMD Sempron 2100
BSD Books - Best books for OpenBSD and FreeBSD
Refresh env variables after editing bashrc file
Difference between 'man ls' and 'ls --help'?
Passing values through pipes
How to change TFTP root Directory
What's the difference between these two dd commands?
What are the main differences between Unix and Linux kernels today?
How can I communicate with a Unix domain socket via the shell on Debian Squeeze?
GRUB splashimage
Flash drive not working on a particular RHEL machine
Print odd-numbered lines, print even-numbered lines
autocomplete filenames using compgen
Prepending a timestamp to each line of output from a command
GIT push only commits older than x months
apache ldap authentication taking far too long
Install pdflatex via SSH on Amazon EC2 instance
How to set a new password from bash?
NVidia, Compiz and Desktop Effect Problem
Force GNU screen to reflow to current terminal width on reattach?
How does this vim command work `:g/#/+1t.`
How to make festival evaulate its own scheme expressions from the command line, so as to change voices as needed?
Readable comments on separate lines in a multi-line bash command with pipelines?
Solaris 10 : Remove trailing blank lines from multiple files
RHEL6 LUKS with TPM support?
printing issue: single page on PC is printing across multiple pages
How to fix bad mirroring on AIX?
Shell script to merge properties file (sed/awk/comm/diff) for rpm upgrade
Is there an easy way to not log a specific sshd event?
Set Kernel Root to Same Partition as Boot
Generate a list of files from a file containing a series of globbing patterns
postfix queue file write error only when sending emails from smartphone
Adding shortcuts to docky on Gnome 3
Can't control brightness on HP Pav dv6t running Fedora 16
Reading two files into an IFS while loop -- Is there a way to get a zero diff result in this case?
Understanding IFS
Fluxbox Sytem Tray adding more and more whitespace
Using sed to convert newlines into spaces
Pipe zsh auto completion list to file or less
What is "mail", and how is it navigated?
Hardware code(s) from "sensors" command
How do I get svlogd to write data more often within a runit job
Missing IPsec package in Solaris 10
"Bookmarks" for bash
How to silently get an empty string from a glob pattern with no matches
Allowing access to single folder in centos
Follow a pipe using less?
Redirecting output when I execute "bash -c ..." from a C program
Can't make a copy of /var/lib/mysql/ibdata1
How can I find all files that do NOT contain a text string?
How can I use Skype with lxc?
Mounting USB drive that is not recognized
Abbreviated current directory in shell prompt?
Using cygwin and rsync -- "password file must not be other-accessible"
block device usage and several mount points
Does majordomo support 'no mail delivery subscription'?
How to make dot matrix printer print every line of 'tail -f'
file missing from Desktop screen but can be seen using "ls" under the Desktop directory
POSIX and Bash, sh shorthand, for compound if statement
Using rsync in a cronjob when a password is needed
How to know if a Linux command can read from STDIN?
Why did using xargs fail in this case?
grep searchstring /etc/crontab strange behavior in BASH script
LMDE does not boot directly after install, but boots from cd option "boot from local hard drive"
Buying a Linux Machine
Limit process resource consumption in CentOS 5 (2.6.18 kernel)
Proxy or VPN behind the router
How to limit number off ssh login attempts per time interval
lsof and listening ports
Applying an IO redirection&audio device example in Fedora
Is there a way to disable wget from getting files from parent directories to given depth?
How to fix this error? make: *** [obj/local/armeabi/libgstaudioflinger.so] Error 1
File open in tabs automatically
Configure applications to ask for a user:pass behind a proxy
How does linux work with symbolic links?
Calling a script on each line of a file
Controlling what files to display
Difference between "define-key global-map" and "global-set-key" in Emacs
Toshiba Drive Sleeping - SDPARM
Some really insane values in sys part of process' timing
how to set what route would be added when bringing interface up 
Case-preserving search and replace in vim?
Executables show with character * next to their name in output of ls
How do I install the nagios NRPE plugin on CentOS 5 using yum?
How to "manually fix this package" (aptitude error)?
How do I convert a ssh-keygen public key into a format that openssl PEM_read_bio_RSA_PUBKEY() function will consume?
file descriptors and /dev/fd
Should I install 32 or 64 bit?
Using sftp to Transfer a Directory?
How to speed up X over fast connection ? (especially over ssh)
How to manipulate a CSV file with sed or awk?
Disabling caps lock by setxkbmap makes it Shift key in Emacs
How to get free memory on AIX?
Check whether network cable is plugged in without bringing interface up
evaluate multiple patterns from program output and write into pattern specific files
How to create and edit a text file from the bash shell
SVN checkout under a different user name
Keyboard repeat without pressing a key
How do I clear the Gnome terminal history?
Can I change the default mail recipient on cron jobs?
Any (text based) plotting tools in unix toolbox?
suphp directory not owned by user
I bought a game from Ubuntu Software Centre, How do I download it for Linux Mint?
What's the difference between the drivers r8169 and r8168?
Testing equivalence for exit status
Unable to boot VM: Error 13: Invalid or Unsupported Executable Format
Encrypting file only with SSH -priv-key?
Which *nix distro is most lightweight for running virtual machines?
Displaying seconds as days/hours/mins/seconds?
wrapper command for sshd_config?
How to name a file in the deepest level of a directory tree
Software for visually building regular expressions?
Script to SCP files works manually but not through cron
How do I recursively shred an entire directory tree?
Give permission to view files
Hard drives goes missing until reboot - what can be the cause?
Describe in detail the boot process of a Linux system
Please explain Solaris boot sequence in detail
How do I run Gnome 3 sound control from KDE?
System often freezes without warning
What does a kernel source tree contain? Is this related to Linux kernel headers?
"Safe mode" on Linux?
How to start an application on a different workspace?
How to edit authorized_keys?
#!/bin/bash - no such file or directory
Giving some users only SSH and shell access with limited resource usage
su - username -c "./script.sh" -> no such file or directory
x-shockwave-flash in Linux
X11 Forwarding Problem Netscape
CentOS yum repository bad Header V4 RSA/SHA1 signature
Music Server for WLAN-Speakers
Fixing a broken X initialization
How do I get this Bash-script to work?
How to start AbiWord with full screen?
Upgrade to Debian testing shows only white noise
How can I receive top-like CPU statistics from the shell?
I am the only person with access to my machine. Any reasons to enable group/other permissions on files and directories?
Finding the ID of a process and killing it
Banshee Won't Update (Linux Mint 12)
Is there any gnome-shell mixer icon relying on alsa and not pulseaudio?
Where do open file handles go when they die?
How to install kernel on debian with no internet connection
Filter --help command?
How to take and restore backup with an LTO tape drive in RedHat?
Why are there Firefox 3.6 in the Linux repositories
Suggestions for IRC Server
Is FreeBSD license easier than Ubuntu/Fedora/CentOS/ArchLinux when it comes to GPL + Close source + Sell?
Comparing directories in Emacs
ZSH: Recursive globbing with .directories
Where can I find Mandrake 7.0 ISO?
Acer Aspire S3 or Asus Zenbook Ultrabook for running Linux (Ubuntu / Debian)
Script to change current directory (cd, pwd)
Fail to tunnel between two Solaris 10
How to configure SVN/SSH with SSH on non standard port?
RTL8191SE wireless card not working in Debian Squeeze
How does "rm" on a NTFS filesystem differs from Windows' own implementation?
Xmonad is not changing layouts
Kernel module for Cisco VPN client doesn't compile under ubuntu 10.04 LTS?
A reliable and free way to use Linux on Windows, multiprocessor and x86_64
Disable scroll lock
How to install LuaJIT on FreeBSD without using Gmake?
How to avoid a useless use of cat when parsing a file?
Book on how Linux works from an administrator's point of view?
How to check if VT-X is enabled in BIOS?
Avoid issues with Fedora and Windows by installing on separate hard drives?
Vim :s replace first N < g occurrences on a line
Problems with a Read-Only Root Filesystem
What are the differences between the major Linux distributions?
How to plot the output of a command
gVim opening a tab pushes status line out of window
wait for autossh connection to complete
Brute force access to a Firebird database?
-bash: command: command not found
Why does FreeBSD use the GPL-licensed GCC?
D-Link DI-624 H/W ver. D: Flashing OpenWrt
Is there any way to get control over a terminal by ssh with no (screen)
I can't start nfs in SLES 11
ICMP destination unreachable
Is it possible to get the error message from previous command which failed when the conditional command runs using ||
ssh + nohup does not work
How do I troubleshoot this boot issue?
Linux executable sandboxing?
Zsh autocomplete ls command with directories only
Application receives SIGKILL on system shutdown, why not SIGTERM?
Troubleshooting `$ wget -A.pdf -r site.com`
How to gather DNS A record requests?
Duplicating a hard disk
Uppercase S in permissions of a folder
Is the `\` character escaping or becoming part of my ssh key password
Is it possible to create a bootable usb from a partition?
What file system is my file on?
How to build a monitoring system with an infra cam?
How to configure OpenVPN to only listen on given interface?
How to get a process uptime under different OS?
How to turn off screen under Linux/BSD?
How to create /dev/null?
How to disable requesting AAAA records when I have no IPv6 address?
How to use scriptreplay?
Is it a script or is it a binary?
iptables rule for limiting bandwidth in given time
How can I run a cron command with existing environmental variables?
How to change metadata on an installed rpm
Why does this script show all files in the directory and not just PDF files?
How to restore accidentaly removed file of FreeBSD base system?
How do I have Linux boot with a rootfs in RAM?
Why can I copy files to, but not create files in, this directory?
Why doesn't an orphan process receive signals?
Get pid of long running command executed via at
Expand regex on multiple lines in Vim
display sco unix 5.0.6 samba usage
Is CentOS exactly the same as RHEL?
SD card reader on Linux: SPI or SD protocol underneath
Iptables GEOIP not working under Debian Squeeze
Diff the output of two `awk` commands
Why does "$i | sed" not work?
How can I move firewall settings from one Debian Squeeze web server to another?
What don't I need to backup?
Why were tables built into ipchains?
Choosing a device name under /dev from the kernel command line
Why can't a normal user `chown` a file?
Convert a typescript file to a list of commands (history)
Update Linux Path permanently
Resize a very tiny xcf image without blurring or dithering it
Zip everything in current directory
Can I share a folder inside my home directory with another user?
System menu and desktop right click don't appear in Gnome3
gnome 3 system sounds not working
ldconfig issue with non-standard lib directory in CentOS
is setting a 0 permission on a directory an effective way to protect its contents?
How do I reverse a for loop?
grep seems to ignore --include
my linux can't see atrix 4g's second sd card device
conditional expression and expansion
Script to count files matching a pattern in subdirectories
config fstab file for a diefferent partition root directories
Bash options and interactive shells
How to make SSH tunnel as daemon?
Vim shortcuts in insert mode
 ide and pci bus commands
How to use wildcards (*) when copying with scp?
Can sources.list only be updated by hand?
How to discover a new line using a for loop?
How can I access a remote Linux VM behind a firewall?
What does ` (backquote/backtick) mean in commands?
History of apropos command
How to align a column in a text file
How to use SCSUDO to run scripts with positional parameters?
Mount a filesystem read-only, and redirect writes to RAM?
Middle click with two-finger tap on touchpad
Which GNU/Linux distributions have good screen magnifier software, either freely available, or preinstalled?
How to send the email which is sleeping in my queue list?
How can I know when a cron job was killed or it crashed?
Default settings for VirtualBox machines?
Is it possible to control window management in Gnome Shell using D-Bus?
Setting readline variables in the shell
How to demux audio and know what type it is?
What happens when you background a function which calls another function?
Tab and complete
How is the Linux kernel stack organised for ARM architecture?
Set Default/Global Gnome Preferences (Gnome 3)
Running xen inside VirtualBox, possible?
Setting system/hardware clock under Debian
What's the best way to count the number of files in a directory?
Setting up Apache 2 Local Development Environment & Permissions
Last command in ksh
Installing OpenVPN to replace Cisco VPN because Cisco will not work with the kernel I am on or downgrade instead?
Create / Edit files in specific folder using different user / group
How to change or create Lvm partition in Centos after install OS in shell
WebGUI for Virtualization?
Building an offline installer Debian CD
How to search in PDF files recursively?
How to fully lock the GNOME-panel?
View Files from mirrored RAID outside the device
How to log the output of a daemon application?
Strange directory name, shown with a backslash
Any way for Unix to ignore lpoptions and let Java do it's job?
How to access user's fpath as opposed to system's fpath with a script?
Is there any X windows system, which is HTML, CSS, Javascript? Such as Web Browser?
Create bootable ubuntu usb for mac, or any pc
pulseaudio suddenly stopped working?
Why do Linux and OSX require no driver to connect to an Android device?
FreeBSD: Stable branch back to release
How can I completely reinstall mysql?
What scopes can shell variables have?
Unix alias with parameters
Changing permissions
Raid5, what could happen? Partition corruption, now what do I do?
Unable to build pygobject with jhbuild
How to create a sudo user that cannot delete me?
Alert when a process exits
Lightweight virtualization on Linux with user isolation
What are some options for lightweight distros, specifically for virtulization?
How can I edit multiple files in VIM?
How can I keep control+d from disconnecting my session?
How should I set up additional EBS storage on an Amazon EC2 instance?
Why do we need to use visudo instead of directly modifying the sudoers file?
CUPS printing of pdf files
What does the "(8)" in fsck(8) mean?
ZFS adding new device to RAIDZ
Cannot execute binaries in Ubuntu : file not found
Where should I place a downloaded tarball?
Half of my software is gone; any way to recover?
Delta rpms and presto with yum
routing wget --recursive to stdout (as in -O -) rather than a file
Why is the following command killing a system?
Device node LVM
How to setup trap in bash functions?
Enabling system management privileges for non-local users - How the heck does `polkit` work, anyways?
How to configure GRUB to load Windows 7 Install in UEFI mode
How does SSH connection survive a network restart?
How to do block selection in `screen`
Impossible to log out from OpenSuSE's KDE menu
Simple feed aggregation server
Why is my X11 app's save dialogue suddenly defaulting to "Recently Saved" in Places sidebar?
Cleaning log files under linux
Are there plans to get ATI stream SDK working properly on BSD?
How to troubleshoot a computer freeze from liveCD?
How to keep LiveCD settings?
Listing a hardrive partition by blocks using LBA
Good practice to use same SSH keypair on multiple machines?
Making sense of auth log
Why do some commands 'hang' the terminal until they've finished?
How to output only given chars?
lintian and script-not-executable
Power broker safe shell or full shell script
MSSQL database server on UNIX
In Bash, why is PROMPT_COMMAND set to something invisible?
What are the minimum requirements to run a graphical application?
How to Select Tutorial Chapters in Uemacs
Remap bash vi keys?
Send a command to a running tmux session (like screen -X)
How can I generate a DEB from an installed package?
Is there a difference between setting an environment variable to the empty string and unsetting it?
.ssh/config way to specify pseudo-tty allocation and command execution
Why does the 'w' command show phantom logged in users?
Who creates /etc/{group,gshadow,passwd,shadow}-?
What Linux distro is good for music and well supported?
Dell XPS 15 runs hot on linux
Why use a pts for xterm or anything
Multiple Command List After Shell Conditionals, &&, ||. Shell Script, Dash
Difference between the terminal file and the terminal screen
Why does $TERM var equal linux with virtual terminals
Any way to restart a Linux machine via SSH if the root filesystem is not working?
how to focus different `regions`(Ctrl-a S) via mouse-click in `screen`?
Sysrq keeps taking screen shots
How to dualboot Win7 and Chrome-OS on Netbook
Delete everything except a few extensions
Does replacing Windows with Fedora still work in Windows 7 or do I need to do Dual Boot?
How to install caffeine on fedora16?
Backup, without having to reinstall 3rd party programs?
BCM2046 Bluetooth on new 8,3 MacBook Pro
How to disable Application Menu in XFCE?
Restore /etc/ configuration files from the default
What is the KDE equivalent of a Nautilus script?
Bluetooth auto-connect not going through
Reinstall versions of software not found in repositories
How to rename a gnu screen session
"No package <package name> available."?
permission and user/group of a program executed through a script
SSH authentication: either SSH keys or one time password
Advantages/Disadvantages of installing GRUB on a software RAID?
Running python script from terminal without .py extension
/usr partition filled up, need to make it larger or mount it somewhere else
How to limit a search to the current line
What's a NM thread?
Customize the way stderr is appended to a file
Why are backports called backports?
ReFS but for Linux
pager program like less, able to repeat top N lines
Winscp giving error for delete, move etc
How to install Empathy on CentOS 6.0?
Is there any handy command line tool to manage Cron jobs?
Can't resolve CentOS 6.2 server by name from OS X
debian not accepting administrative password
Debian PowerBook G4 WiFi Driver
/proc/cpuinfo "cache" category: L1, L2 or total?
How to make "notify-send" work from daemon application
Is there a shortcut in bash to delete the last segment of a path?
udev weirdness: /dev/hda1 mounted but file not present
Does Fedora's firewall use iptables?
Routing tables and default routes
After installing oh-my-zsh: ... /.zshrc:source:34: no such file or directory ... /.oh-my-zsh/oh-my-zsh.sh
i3 and XFCE: how to get rid of the Desktop container, float windows and shutdown the machine?
Evolution keeps disappearing?
Recording audio output
UFW Limit does not appear to work
ProvisioningError installing Samba
manpages for my kindle?
Install virtualenv on Fedora 16
Ignore a specific ip for fail2ban
Memory reporting issues
How do I choose specific files in a different directory using bash?
Copying protected files between servers in one line?
If I see a process running using ps, how can I find the executable?
Match one part of a regular expression in a Kwrite find-and-replace regex
Access PgSQL executables from anywhere
What's the motivation behind kfreebsd
how to apply this patch
Browser-based front-end to linux
Getting OpenGL to work under Ubuntu
Why isn't my environment variable visible from the command line?
Why bash time is more precise then GNU time?
Dual monitors on dual video cards on Ubuntu
Prompt user on Linux security denial
What causes swap files to be created?
Is it possible to configure ctrl-w (delete word)?
How do I get the difference between two timestamps?
Configure fstab for a bootable usb
How to change the default web page in Linux Mint 12
Blocking outgoing connects with iptables
Command Line Linux Distro for i386 and 128MB RAM
Show output on another "screen" and return to normal when done
AIX won't stop creating random .nfsXXXX files
the usage of < /dev/null & in the command line
Best method for testing android kernel
Checking for the existence of files against a list
System crashes during boot while mounting /lib/init/rw
Problematic booting process
NAS box mounted via CIFS - problem with permissions
xfce swap command and control keys
How to port printer settings between different distributions?
How can I make C-m1 emulate a right click?
sixteen digit colour code?
Monitoring progress/liveness of background jobs
Expanding text format in VI
Java process, swap (/proc Solaris10) memory highly utilized
Will Linux become UNIX, instead of just UNIX Like?
shell howto: save multiple binary data files (jpg) to one file with some additional data and separate again
How can I install programming tools in the root directory so that they can be used by non-admin users?
How to overcome libc resolver limitation of maximum 3 nameservers?
Making Chrome open md/markdown file instead of downloading them
Cannot Connect Using SSH: UseDNS terminating
Ignore or catch division by zero
Fedora 16 ssh over the internet/home network. Same computer ok
Capture user input while doing other things
really basic bootstrap logger - (preferably syslog, cascade to http/raw)
Testing if a port was forwarded correctly in Ubuntu
How do I create a structured list of all the files and directories under a particular directory (recursively)?
Mini ultra light linux boot on a USB key
Disable screen outputting "[screen is terminating]"
Backup seLinux system running strict
What's wrong with this sed command?
Count in real time the output lines from another output command
Convergence with Firefox 3.6?
Vim: VimRepress and Wordpress.com - how to insert code snippets?
How can I adjust this short shell script to fit my needs?
gnome-tweak-tool
Root filesystem nearly full - should I be worried?
display login window as list of users
Why does find:s -or fail when I add a -print0 at the end?
change colour depth
Bash completion for `unset` command
Will symlinks be maintained if the target's path remains the same but everything is transferred to a new disk?
Bad Resolution - Missing, corrupt after suspend, x121e Mint 11 - Bad EDID?
Fedora 16 won't boot
Running GIMP properly?
BCM4312 802.11b/g and Scientific-linux
How to debug a suspend problem?
How does one add an application to the LXDE Panel?
DHCPv6 prefix delegation server for linux?
Create a Bootable (UEFI GRUB) USB for Ubuntu & Windows 7 Install
Problem in installing Google voice and video plugin for Gmail
uemacs 4.0.15 strange key bindings
How to create a tar.gz file from a folder excluding a folder
not able to create xorg.conf file
Can I resize the root partition without uninstalling and reinstalling Linux (or losing data)?
Change Startx Default on Slackware?
Crontab job not emailing on failure
Clang/LLVM Install Within Slackware?
Set Gnome terminal's default charset to utf8
Unable to access linux/skbuff.h
After yum update is it a good idea to restart the server?
System call invokation methods in new kernel
Capturing device logs between specific time
Interpreting tiobench results
How do I find out a server's drive mappings for raw devices?
Find files with certain extensions
Is there a tool to get the lines in one file that are not in another?
Using grep to match only a match group in a regular expression?
Automatic cleanup of Bash history
Some keys are invalid on emacs when using German keyboard
trouble with irssi and cifs
System hanging when it runs out of memory
How to get someone interested in using Linux
Run script on screen lock/unlock
How to upload tcpdumps in realtime to FTP?
using "-vvv" with "-w FILENAME" with tcpdump makes better output?
How can I install Ubuntu messaging menu on Mint?
How to limit network bandwidth?
FreeBSD kernel nat or natd?
Auto connect to a wireless network (Ångström Linux)
What are the key differences between $ENV_VAR and `env_var`?
Adding custom DNS server for pppd client connection?
How can I run a daemon with custom parameters
script to scan ip range and return results in a certain format
nmap script needed to output text into csv format
What is the file-naming convention for regular text files?
How to grant a "no-root-user" rights to start/stop/restart mysql server on suse machine?
use awk to replace parentheses?
What do mkfs.xfs and modprobe do when mounting an Amazon EBS instance?
Disable detection of certain hardware?
Record Minecraft with recordmydesktop on Linux Mint 12 64bit
Wheezy locales problem - gnome-control-center region crashes with segfault
How To Install The GNOME 2 Fork 'Mate' Desktop (or similar)  On Fedora linux?
What's the default boot parameter for CentOS 6.2?
Why don't all Mint 12 applications show up in my cairo-dock menu?
Extract IP address from a string
How to kill a daemon with its name gracefully?
IP rule for IPv6
Can I filter how often cron emails me?
what does "serial=${serial##*.}" do?
How to get root inside of vi?
How to put a tunnel in a tunnel?
Manually assign a value when inet_ntoa does return an ip address
Copying a file that is written at the same time
Editor for markdown tables
Autocomplete of filename in directory
python-pam not working... How to dig for the error?
Fix error in mp3 file
Why does only one network adapter ever get DHCP IP address?
Problem with executing Firefox version 9.0.1
Problem with meta key on Emacs
lighttpd fastcgi with python and php on the same virtual host
Shortcut for fast recursive removal
restart fuse after editing fuse.conf
Looking for a way to improve synaptic/touchpad palm detection
sudo no password breaks other sudo -u uses
Are there any fresh versions of Firefox for Scientific-Linux [or RHEL] available offically?
How do I temporary change my keyboard layout on Debian? (no X)
run script asynchronously / in a different process
strace for library calls
How to recover a file from a tcpdump?
How is Ubuntu based on Debian?
Distribution recommendation for USB flash disks
Emacs auto encryption and gpg
Using real time kernel headers to compile userspace code vs default headers
Directory diff in bash script
Is there a way to completely disable outbound opportunistic TLS support in SendMail?
Is there a way to demux a h264 video stream from an flv (h264, aac)?
Why does btrfs allow to create a raid1 with mismatched drives?
Poor random read SSD performance on Linux
Immutable bit on AIX?
Access times for different partitions on same hard disk
What's the difference between "s" and "S" in ls -la?
How to block the Google Analytics Script using Privoxy
nm-applet not showing until NetworkManager restart in GNOME 3
Linux from scratch's bash problem: $() syntax error
cifs write errors in cron job
How to read SMS stored on a SIM card?
How to make a folder request root password to view execute?
What is this Bash line supposed to mean?
How to use expandos in backtick shell command
Tool to compare 2 excel sheets in linux
How can same fd in different processes point to the same file?
Is there a way to find out if a network outage occurred from logs?
play quicktime from browser
How to identify if there is some power saving setting that powered down a processor in Linux
What is meant with terminating a process normally?
Compiling driver for RNX-MiniN2 on kernel 3.X
tar cvf or tar -cvf ?
Script that unpacks a initrd, allows editing of the preseed.cfg and the packs it to cpio and gzip again
Why Unix is sometimes referred as UN*X or *nix?
Shutting down from X without a desktop environment
Prevent GRUB from showing up by default?
What editor can be used to provide highlighting for Mallard project files?
How can I install the `ll` command on Mac OS X?
Screen status bar to display current directory for zsh/bash shell
Use configuration file for ftp with auto login enabled upon initial connection 
how to mount this disk?
How to make a variable symlink ? (or something similar)
Does Grub2 support putting /boot on a RAID5 partition?
How to change the colour of embedded terminal in linux mint 12 to be able to use `ls` and `byobu`?
Is it the process that cleans itself on termination or the kernel?
Sending cron output to email?
How do I force the user to become root
Escaping argument in bash script?
Unset Read Only Variables
How to clean a home directory to install from scratch a previously installed distro?
Run a dbus program in crontab , how to know about the SESSION id?
lsof - age of file
Command-line tool to search docx files
Nautilus Global Settings
System freezes when browsing internet
Linux support for RTP-MIDI?
When importing a key during a yum installation, where is that key stored?
What's the difference between `/usr/share/emacs/site-lisp/` directory and `/usr/share/emacs23/site-lisp/` directory?
How can I convert tab delimited data to comma delimited data?
How can I get recentf-mode to work with emacs server/client?
“No PostgreSQL user name specified” - possible concurrency issues?
Is it possible to obtain the current name of the xterm window?
gnome-dictionary no-window option does not work
How can I send stdout to multiple commands?
How do you install Grub2 on a USB stick?
How to get alt+right mouse to resize windows again!
TUI interfaces not displaying correctly
convert pdf to image [jpeg|png]
Add a user to the system *only if it doesn't exist*
sandbox tcpdump under OpenBSD?
/etc/fstab is mounting rw filesystem as read-only
How can I use ms-dos style wildcards with ls and mv?
suid-root doesn't have effect
Chrooted drivers
How to run custom scripts upon USB device plug-in?
How can I find what is interfering with CTRL+F?
How to read the local DNS cache contents?
Is there a way to sync only one partition?
How to find application's path from command line?
Should OpenVPN point to point tunnels be on different ports?
'convert' taking a long time to create a PNG thumbnail
Where can I find a reference to the format of the comment field (field 5) of the /etc/passwd file?
Redmine install on CentOS
Redirect traffic through vpn on an as needed basis
When you try to terminate a process for good, which option for "kill" should you use?
Is it possible to preload glibc?
Difference between Solaris and OpenSolaris?
How do I install user theme extension in Gnome in Fedora 16?
Access to the files beyond Wine's virtual disks
What commands should be run when retiring a remotely hosted server?
Can Qt SDK be used for development on any Linux distro?
How does X map from kernel key scan codes to a keysym?
Simplest way to password protect a directory and its contents without having to create new files?
Sound volume control does not work in Ubuntu
Custom bash completion with directories and a fixed set
How to automatically start and shut down VirtualBox machines?
How to redirect user to Android Market in Apache?
How to hide commands typed in a Linux shell?
How to verify if tmux is properly installed on Mac OSX
Veritas Volume Manager on OpenSolaris
What port range will ipfw nat use for aliasing?
Testing C++ code with bash commands
kernel panic error after recompilation
How to detect and stop user from deleting particular file on Linux?
How to check 'mdadm' RAIDs while running?
Installing to a PCIE sata card
WiFI access in BackTrack 5 R1
DLNA server on Linux
Graphical Keyboard-driven Email Client
What's the closest thing to a server version of Fedora?
Sparse files/file holes and unexpected block size
Ubuntu 10.04 can't boot, kernel panic
Altering the default boot option on CentOS
Is an SSH connection faster if I lower the RSA key size?
Execute command through SSH
Is there any *real* reason to use BackTrack?
How to recover a 'lost' screen session?
How to limit available virtual memory per process
What's the connection between "/etc/init.d" and "/etc/rcX.d" directories in Linux?
DRBD8 and GFS on CentOS5
`test` and `[` - different binaries, any difference?
Creating A Bootable Backup Copy Of System Drive
Servers running from chrooted Ubuntu on HP TouchPad?
Would it be wise to put a Linux OS on a Mac?
iSCSI and runaway log file
Low battery freezes laptop
Accidently created a file called -X, how can I delete it?
Alias Loop in csh
What causes delay in my keystrokes on OSX's Terminal application?
Can't insert rt2800usb module: Invalid argument
Among "ps" command output fields, %CPU isn't the actual CPU usage of the process?
Why does mapping <esc> cause arrow keys to fail in vim?
.sh file cannot be executed without explicitly calling sh
Is there a way to tell the system to keep a folder to reside in memory?
Fastest way to port scan. NMAP?
How do I install software on Fedora 13?
Inserting a nat solution into a network while it's not the gateway
What does the 'i8042.nomux=1' kernel option do during booting of Ubuntu?
Error Loading Shared Libraries when Installing Redhat Directory Server
bash: Use a variable to store stderr|stdout redirection
Why is bash standard on Linux?
SIP Server Installation in Linux
What is the most high-performance Linux filesystem for storing a lot of small files (HDD, not SSD)?
How to save email sorted by date?
Changing the UID of files in /proc
How to remove last part of a path in bash?
How can I selectively copy files from one directory to another directory?
file block size - difference between stat and ls
What is the syntax of a complex condition in shell?
Unable to use USB through DD-WRT on a Buffalo WZR-HP-G300NH2
Checking & Installing files in yum
Prompt for sudo password and programmatically elevate privilege in bash script?
Some keys on keyboard map to numbers instead
How can I reduce a video's size with ffmpeg?
Web access through a remote proxy accessed over SSH
What is the best way to find directories that exactly match a string irrespective of the path?
How to totally fork a shell command that is using redirection
How do I write a test for system login?
How does the Linux kernel decide how much bandwidth to allocate to Isochronous USB endpoints?
emacs syntax highlighting fails on my SSH client
Issue with WINCH signal - what am I overlooking?
'find'  across directories named .../dirnameXX/... with XX variable
Why is my bash prompt getting bugged when I browse the history?
Compiling and installing a kernel.org kernel to a custom volume on disk
Directories with binary files in Linux
100.0%sy with poor disk performance
GNU emacs vs. XEmacs
G722 in gstreamer is not available or its need to be activated? How do i do that?
Count distinct values of a field in a file
Mint Linux Wireless Issues
iptables to block https websites
Changing background color of gedit's whitespace highlighting
List elements with spaces in zsh
Batch renaming files with pattern
Why the unix bin directory named in that way?
list the difference and overlap between two plain data set
How to parse the file from end in awk
lstat64 fails on existing directory
changing the names of network interfaces, debian wheezy
SSH HTTP Tunnelling
How to understand the filesystem concepts used by encfs?
Why does the 'bin' user need a login shell?
Apt-get autocompletion
changing the order of items in a list
Open source duplicate image finder for Linux?
How do I tell what version of Gentoo & Linux is running?
Bash script that can test for a particular lib
killing processes automatically
sed inline editing fails for multiple sed statements
Is `Tru64 UNIX` open source?
Can I trace a dash script without modifying its source code?
Bash: Merge foldername from variable with filename
7zip context menu appears twice
How to start plasma-desktop from SSH-console on desktop session?
How to delete the oldest directory in a given directory?
What DNS servers am I using?
Is using cookies from a web-browser a sane rationale for desktop application development?
How do I run a script n times at same time and how do I simulate a semaphore?
Sharing private keys across machines
Permissions for a submission script
zsh autocomplete directory
Linux 3D graphic libraries
Is it possible to make scp fail when you do a local copy?
Why are there no -dev packages in Arch Linux?
How to XZ a directory with TAR using maximum compression?
How can I delete a file which filename has non-printing characters
How to uninstall java from sco openserver 5.0.6?
What is bash's meta key?
how can a makefile detect whether a command is available in the local machine?
On deep-created  directories 
remote X server display not working
Where to find descriptions of Ubuntu's packages (e.g. zlib1g, build-essential)?
bash function to find a directory recursively
Prelink warning in output of rpm -Va
Multiple root options in Linux command line
How to enable an federated storage engine in the Debian MySQL package?
Static route in Centos 6
How to display TSV (csv) in console, when empty cells are missed by: `column -t -s $'\t' `
The volume "boot" has only 0 byte disk space remaining
Extracting bigrams with sed
How can I keep track of what's using the most CPU?
How to find every symbolic link on a server?
Regaining usage of volume control media keys after removing pulseaudio
Can't access internet after connecting to L2TP IPsec VPN
How to find the htpasswd file created for SVN over Apache?
How to create a custom dynamic DNS solution?
Using umask to set group permissions
Xorg: multiple keyboards, one configuration
How to install aMSN on Scientific Linux?
Bash alias arguments
How do I display the name of my audio card driver from the command line in Lubuntu 11.10?
Filezilla: GnuTLS error when using FTPES
Is this task freeze related to ReiserFS (v3)? (or: is ReiserFS getting so old that it should be actively replaced?)
How to partition 22TB disk?
Transparent proxy with squid 3.1 on RHEL 6
Why can't I run programs on another partition in Linux?
Running cron script with lynx fails to work
How to build a gateway from my Linux OS
Obtain .avi file info from command line
Installing .package file in Arch Linux
Subtracting Binary files
What's the origin of rc, rc.d, share, proc in Linux?
Safe way to pass password for >1 programs in bash
Backed an ipod up with dd, how to retrieve all tracks in one go with gnupod?
How to keep track of changes in /etc/
dav2fs caching problem on Debian Squeeze
"Malformed patch" error while applying the diff to wget source with patch  
How to read environment variables of a process
Unmounting HTC device takes forever
How to mount an IronKey in OpenBSD?
Where in "/" should extra permanent disks be mounted?
How to replicate (fork) the current terminal
How do you detach the 2nd screen from within another screen?
Multiple VPN connetions, routing based on country
What video cards for a Desktop computer compatible with Linux can support Dual Monitors?
How to install CentOS 6 via USB mass storage device?
Why is it recommended to create a group and user for some applications?
What do the kernel options in braces mean?
How to find out how many cores (including emulated via HT and such) are avaliable to user?
Impossible pmap results
Meaning of "* */1 * * *" cron entry?
ZIP password finders for Linux?
How to check why sound over HDMI doesn't work
Linux Mint Settings Changed Automatically
Creating SSH Terminal Wrapper
automount nfs: autofs timeout settings for unreliable servers - how to avoid hangup?
Creating symbolic links to applications in Mac OS X
critical section for linux
Prevent init daemon echoing on TTY
Copy first n files in a different directory
Execute a command for each entry in a file
Why is my EC2 server's time off by ~10 seconds every day?
Can I move a directory with open files?
Gnome 3 on FreeBSD 9
Remapping Ctrl-l in bash
xscreensaver: How do I run a script on unlock?
Ubuntu machine with RNDIS tethered phone can not receive packets from internet
Git hangs indefinitely when trying to push --all to GitHub
Making Bootable USB, problems copying /proc
Revert commits and commit them to a branch?
How to list files that were changed in a certain range of time?
How can I get the address of my local machine?
sshfs always asking for password in fstab?
How to create an FS under SunOS?
Mounting Remote Filesystem over SSH as a Different User
Undo bg; Undo putting a process into the background?
Linux Mint system settings locked
How do I know that FXP is enabled or not? (AIX FTPD)
How to search and replace text in all php-files in a directory and it's subdirectories
auto create groups directories on user logging in
How to prevent user applications from knowing about network failure?
Unable to follow steps for building application in Linux Os?
Install Chromium OS without USB Disk
How to enable force feedback in kernel 2.6.34 - 64 bit?
List currently running cron tab and stop it
Hiding User from Last Command
Killing other user processes
Fedora15/Gnome3 - Exit elevated priviliges mode
Sharing code between dpkg scripts
rename multiple files with rename command?
PostgreSQL on FreeBSD - 'Kerberos 5 authentication not supported'
Moving average on a log file with awk or other unix utilities?
What happens when Redhat says: "no more RHEL clones!"
Wrapping long cells in a tsv to keep them in same column
Why does top report the incorrect CPU usage?
Is Linux really malware safe? Or people just don't bother creating them for Linux?
Merging two internet connections from two network interfaces in order to obtain double speed
Fedora 16 - Iptables installed, but no iptables service available
How to detect when a shell is owned by a remote SSH session?
How to find out which X11 driver system is using?
How to configure mounted FTP connection
Want to sort files by update date including sub-directories
How is Fedora 16 with proprietary software?
Why does reading from two connected pty's cause an infinite loop?
How to use Quicken Home Inventory on Linux (or Windows 7)
How to do routing
How to run 32-bit applications on 64-bit Slackware?
tcpdump: "packets captured" vs "packets received by filter"
Measuring last-level cache misses through PAPI on AMD machine running Ubuntu Linux
How to recover a utility. (Accidentally Deleted /usr/bin/php file)
KDE: how do I make applications present on all activities by default
Emacs ediff not scrolling buffers equally
not able to install jabber with emacs
How do you copy the public key to a ssh-server?
Is my default remote shell a trouble maker?
Scrolling on very long files (1M+ lines) on Emacs
How to install Oracle on Arch Linux?
Is it possible to run ssh-copy-id on port other than 22?
Most straightforward way of getting a raw, unparsed HTTPS response
man xargs says standard input is delimited by blanks; but is it?
Finding out what is spinning up harddrive
What slows down my ssh login?
Add wildcard entries to the KDE proxy settings?
citrix not working in Arch Linux - libraries error
What are the proper tools to setup a remote compilation and running (something like ideone)?
How to connect through sftp to a non-standard port on Midnight Commander?
How can I find out how many lines a text file contains without viewing it?
How to get user-level access to modifier keypresses in console app?
console vim in screen session: remap Ctrl-Shift-Left, Ctrl-Shift-Right to not delete lines
Vim NERDTree re-size vsplit
Faking rsnapshot initial backup
Displaying week's number in certain format using ncal or cal
Kernel Panic - Can't find root filesystem / error mounting /dev/root
Compiling the kernel with default configurations
Shell: how to go to the beginning of line when you are inside a screen?
How to create an initrd image on OpenSuSE linux?
How to monitor only the last n lines of a log file?
Upgrade swig 2.0 or newer 
Why index files?
Adobe Air version > 2.6 port
How to detect and delete lines containing ˆ@
Keep running a script via ssh
Difficulty with mobile broadband device being recognized (registered as CD ROM)
FreeNAS versus a regular (CentOS/Ubuntu) linux server?
Firefox 3.6 end of life when?
Is there any way to have console (rogue) mode programs take over only part of the terminal screen?
How to make svn look for if there is an update once a minute and if there is call some script?
OS choice for High Performance Computing
UDEV rule when USB flash drive is unplugged
Disable bash tab completion
Giving a custom script root permissions
Transform an array into arguments of a command?
Updating /boot/grub/menu.lst on OpenSuSe 11.3
Precautions to be taken while make oldconfig
Delete whitespace for a  set of lines in Vim editor
Number of X screens corresponding to number of "Screen" sections in xorg.conf file for multi-monitor configuration
Convert a lot of .tif files using imagemagick's mogrify command
Group member cannot write even with write permission
Can't su root after editing PAM confiugration on Rackspace Linux box
Linux Router Load Benchmark
pdksh missing from RHEL 6 and CentOS 6?
Capturing new output after deleting the output file
How to fix zramswap error?
How can I tunnel traffic for a NATted host to another server?
Bash globbing of multi-part argument
How to early configure Linux kernel to reboot on panic?
How do I remove a user from a group?
How can I set up logrotate to rotate logs hourly?
Difference between gawk vs. awk
ulimit: difference between hard and soft limits
How can I execute `date` inside of a cron tab job?
How to create a VirtualBox HDD?
Run entire OS from flash drive
How does one remove items from the menu plugin on LXPanel?
Running Plasmoid under NOTKDE (e.g. Fluxbox) - Plasma/DeviceNotifier
virtual network interface for ShrewSoft VPN Client
Is a symbolic/soft link similar to a shortcut/alias on a desktop?
Using apt or aptitude to get version information about an uninstalled package?
How do I 'unbook' a pdf
Decrypt several password-pdf-protected files
Why is it better to use "#!/usr/bin/env NAME" instead of "#!/path/to/NAME" as my shebang?
Interactive tree command
Moving Fedora to another computer
Grep huge number of patterns from huge file
How do I find installed packages that have no install candidate?
How do I shut down a system through a ConsoleKit DBus message as user?
Every time I run Azureus it wants to restart because of an upgrade
Installation on debian 5 32-bit without being a root
Downloading DeviantArt : Favourites, Groups, Gallery... 
Is there any user space SDIO driver in Linux?
Block a package from being uninstalled in APT
List (recursive) dependencies of the installed packages in APT
Is CTRL+C incorrect to use to return to command line?
List installed meta packages in APT
What does GNOME do with multimedia keys?
XDG user directories
Continue shell commands once connected to SSH
In vim, how to map "command-right" and "command-left" to beginning of line and end of line on mac?
Strange behaviour in recursive copy
Move /usr to SSD
How can I convert a .cue / .bin ( with cdr tracks) image into a single .iso file?
libstdc++.so.3 => not found on CloudLinux, no SuperUser permissions, seemingly in chroot.
Issues of using sort and comm
Nginx Configuration - Cache headers on certain paths
How do I redefine a bash function in terms of old definition?
How can I manage jobs after I disconnect from my tty/ssh session?
Does sort support sorting a file in-place, like `sed --in-place`?
Linux distro that supports touchpads and acpi on Macbook Pros
Trouble booting CentOS
External screen shaking with Fedora
How to install Ubuntu from a USB key using syslinux?
Make all SELinux contexts permanent
Randomly draw a certain number of lines from a data file
Make daemon start up with Linux
FreeBSD 9 and Windows 7 Dual Boot
How can I use GNOME's keyboard settings in Fluxbox?
How to properly collect an array of lines in zsh
Do BSD and SunOS have multithreaded architectures?
force copying a corrupted home directory
Automatic security updates on Debian squeeze server
Overwrote Windows with Linux, how can I recover data?
Using word wrap with mc
FreeBSD 9 Sound Driver
Logging ALL stderr output of crontab to file
portsentry and IPTables on constant reboot, but not sure why
Trailing slashes on symbolic links to directories
modprobe: Module ext4 not found. WARNING: no dependencies for kernel module 'ext4' found
Reset a PCI Device in Linux
How to average time commands?
ssh tunnel on ssh tunnel between Windows and two Linux machines
Latest Debian wheezy/testing ISOs defaulting to KDE?
Remap Caps_Lock to Control in Solaris
Conditional search and replace on a line in vim?
Font size issues with Emacs in linum-mode
How can I write to the second line of a file from the command line?
.bash_profile not sourced when running su
Set up a portable development environment
OpenBox autostart in OpenSUSE?
Export a m3u playlist to a directory in order they appear in the playlist
how does time command work
How to open cups in debian squeeze to all clients
How do I disable the left-(meta|windows) key binding in gnome-shell
What does sdptool do in this script?
cp does not copy new files of source location (files created after firing cp command)
Formatting hdd to ext3 fails?
How to make a system lock when the USB pendrive with authentication key is removed?
Unity: Stop Dock Repopulation at Restart
How to directly read keyboard input in real-time?
Changing the disk scheduler on the fly
Unprettyfied SSL error message?
Search and replace next n words in vi
Installing software as user
Input a list of files & directories to be copied with ditto
How can I do a "copy if changed" operation?
Shell Script mktemp, what's the best method to create temporary named pipe?
Getopts option processing, Is it possible to add a non hyphenated [FILE]?
Command to measure TLB misses on LINUX?
Extract part of the first line of a file
Can I set font face by file comments in Emacs?
Converting multiple image files from JPEG to PDF format
Can I access Nth line number of standard output?
Is it true that the first version of Linux was based on parts of Unix?
Two prefix commands for tmux?
How to transfer files over bluetooth?
Wrong Opera Icon in Gnome Shell
bash force copy over same file
Linux equivalent of Cisco's "begin" command
Upgrading to linux kernel 3.0.1 but my ethernet card is still not found?
How can I use `find` and sort the results by mtime?
Unable to delete file, even when running as root
Delete range of lines above pattern with sed (or awk)
How to get vim to work with tmux properly?
How do I know if my ssh tunnel is created successfully?
Why SSH is asking for my private key password each time
Comparison of raw block devices
Graphics in TTY
How do I resolve samba share to IP address or host name
Detecting whether a server is loaded
I've just deleted my /usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols directory and restarted, how come I can still type?
What do you use to manage your shell history?
Set default application for particular file types in nautilus
Source of LXDE panel menu available application categories and items?
What is the main problem someone migrating from bash to zsh should face?
__modver_version_show undefined error during make
Get lines with maximum values in the column using awk, uniq and sort
Are Linux utilities smart when running piped commands?
unzip a file from another folder
Need to access port on LAN through IPTABLES firewall on static IP interface
How can I use the same IP from the Internet and intranet?
Find: combine -depth with -prune to feed cpio
How can I tell whether a build is Debian-based?
Origin of the word cron?
shell symbol for the just previously typed item?
How to install Vinux on a mac?
Copy/Paste with keyboard in rxvt
Is there a convenient way to wrap a bash command list into rlwrap?
Why are my two virtual machines getting the same IP address?
Align a hex text file at 9 bytes each line
Java problem - nearly looks like a virus?
FreeBSD zfs create gpt
How do I find the relevant command for something in linux?
How to get a list of installed external kernel modules?
Why does this shell snippet to check if hosts are up using netcat stop prematurely?
How do I start the fan manually in Linux?
How to truncate the second column from a dot (.)?
Back up particular package and its dependencies
IM client which can turn off notification in a specific conversation window?
Xubuntu Oneiric won't start XFCE
Are there any disadvantages against using qsub to run tasks all the time?
Index names of all the files in a plain text file
Emacs: How to insert 'λ' instead of 'lambda' in Scheme mode?
how to re-enable input on a serial console
Logging outgoing connections as they happen
Is there an open source tool to measure cpu performance?
What's the syntax for selecting a range of lines in Vim?
How can I check which terminal definitions are available?
Why is pcmanfm such a headache when it comes to mounting filesystems?
How can I list all user names on Solaris 10?
skype not found on Oneiric 64, but it is right there
Not enough space on / to install new kernel update
how to resize horizontally a screen region
Getting more details in ALSA volume
Pop-up event reminders in Korganizer, when synchronizing with Google Calendar
Fix or alternative for mktemp in OS X
Copy image from command-line to clipboard
File manager which is able to filter using regular expressions
Is it normal that a restart is required to mount USB after a kernel upgrade?
Move qcow2 image to physical hard drive
How to change login screen in CrunchBang?
How to grep a text recursively on BusyBox 1.0?
Which window manager has Python bindings?
Linux boot loaders supporting full disk encryption?
What's the quickest way to add text to a file from the command line?
How do I get "top" command to wrap its output?
Update manager updated without prompting for a password
How to add/replace only modified/updated files recursively for some 2 folders?
How to check if I can log in to server via ssh?
Change xscreensaver lock option command
WD MyBook 3TB - Gparted failed & HDD partitions recovery?
ssh root@localhost error; hacking this box
Is crontab related to server performance?
Compiling a distribution unspecific kernel on two different distributions
"test -n && echo not empty" prints "not empty". Is that expected behaviour?
How much does the Linux kernel change in one year?
Are there any setuid/setguid bits in OpenBSD?
How to enable reverse search in zsh?
How to "get" a HTTPS website running?
What are the difficulties in importing features of Android, like Unity3D Player, to Linux in general?
How to remove duplicate lines inside a text file?
Restrict local website to selected users
How can I low-level format flash memory in Linux?
How can I make environment variables "exported" in a shell script stick around?
How do I set the user of php-fpm to be php-user instead of www-data?
sync files recursively between two folders where files are less than 24 hours old
Debian based system, only one gui program, nothing else
Should I use http or ftp links in apt sources.list
How to identify the wireless network card on my laptop?
Command Line Tool for monitoring Java Heap
SysBench highlighting abysmal disk write performance on white box vs Tier1 server
zsh - fully expand binary path on <tab>
What is Bash's string{ending1,ending2} construct called and what is the equivalent in zsh?
Basic job control: stop a job, add a job onto the stack, and `fg`
python regex equivalent of kwrite [ ]+ and [0-9]+
How to set custom default size for new XFCE terminal windows?
nohup sends eof (or some other data) info my app when running recursively. How to make it stop or not send at all?
How to make `find` output full absolute file names?
"No such file or directory" when I clearly see the file listed with correct permissions
firefox process dies after ssh log out on remote machine
Can a Linux install be moved from one computer to another?
How do I disable udevd in systemd?
How do I cp the folder, not just the folder content?
Preventing binary planting attacks in Linux
Bind specific usb out
Mount device with r/w access to specific user
Calling script from bash has problem with arguments
tmux disable confirmation prompt on kill-window
pure-ftpd floods /var/log/messages
strange logs in /var/log/messages
Can I configure my Linux system for more aggressive file system caching?
Default GNOME cursors package?
How to create a Emacs file that looks/feels likes the Emacs start up page?
cp vs. cat to copy a file
Windows 8 style window manager for Linux
How to create a DEB file manually?
Prepend x/ to line where x is a variable on each line
Running programs over ssh
Postfix: Forward/Reroute mails with unknown recipients
crossplatformui error in Mint 11
Will the Firewall GUI in CentOS overwrite changes implemented by IPTABLES manual edits?
What is in the output of "getent ahosts"?
Running a script every time a new kernel is installed
How do I partition a USB drive so that it's bootable and has a Windows-compatible data storage partition?
lower bound for download speed in wget
Why does Linux show both more and less memory than I physically have installed?
Finding the IP address of an ssh connection made in the past
Find my computer on a LAN network
Replace one line with STDIN in a Makefile
How can I move the entire OS to a different server?
Is it possible to use a router with dd-wrt/openWrt/etc as a radar detector?
How to permamently disable SELinux?
Why is my initial ramdisk so big?
extracting certain info from output
Where is the struct task_struct definition in the 2.6.30.5 Linux Kernel?
Running an application with alternate/modified system time
No sound in USB headphones using fedora 16
How can I retain the console input in mplayer when reading from stdin?
FreeBSD zfs timeout errors
!fmt for current line only
How to get the pid of the last executed command in shell script?
Difficulty making a regular expression to find at least 2 occurrences of a character in a file
Object oriented Unix shell with at least LINQ capabilities?
Copying large tree from one machine to another, maintaining ownership
Advanced logrotate on huge number of files when single instance of logrotate cannot keep up
Manipulating and saving multiple files
Make screenshots of Ti-calculator screen
In vim, search backwards for matching braces/parens
Is there a way to completely get rid of notifications in KDE 4.6?
Execute remote commands, completely detaching from the ssh connection
Is there a way to control the mouse wheel resolution in Debian?
Bluetooth was working but just stopped?
how to ping & use specific network card
Removing generic kernel updates from aptitude post custom kernel install
Determining longest time taken in boot process
What can make passing init=/path/to/program to the kernel not start program as init?
How to add additional Gnome-Shell and Unity workspace navigation shortcuts
I need kernel headers for 2.6.21.5
check patterns that don't exist in sqlite
Determining if GPU switching works?
libfaketime and Mac OS, LD_PRELOAD
Strange behavior in $(dirname `readlink -f $0`)
Virtual machines on different X servers
How to solve "/usr/bin/ld: cannot -lodbcinst" problem during FreeTDS installation
Advantages of using set -o vi
Is there a way to speed up boot time by loading things into RAM immediately?
What is the difference between vi and vim?
how to use "Unusable" sectors outside defined partition boundaries
What does `:-` mean in a shell script
Doing simple math on the command line using bash functions: $1 divided by $2 (using bc perhaps)
Maintain 100 instances of a program running
IPC: Shared memory killed process notification
Disable Hardware acceleration on Gnome 3 or fix VNC
What is the difference between /tmp and /var/tmp?
How to set up file permissions/ownership for FTP/Apache/PHP on CentOS
Limit window size when maximizing in Xfce
vncserver refuses to start
What is the formula to determine how much memory a socket consumes under Linux?
xargs grep suggestion
How to setup port redirection after a ssh connection has been opened?
Vi for Cygwin syntax
Having xwin start by default on system boot
Is there a config file for telnet that's similar to .ssh/config?
Undefined reference to symbol 'acs_map' when running makeconfig
What's the difference between a screen being attached and detached?
mv file without write permission to the source file
Is there an equivalent to Arch Linux's NETCFG for Debian?
With Synaptics "clickpad," AreaBottomEdge prevents right-clicking
Is it possible to execute scripts in BIND based on lookup
Software installation with GUI package installer using sudo permission
vsftpd does not list content of a directory
Autodetect modem in Linux?
24 hour crash course in ZFS... some final questions
How to check and block processes connecting to internet directly?
How do I add a local user to a box that uses LDAP authenticaiton?
changing default shell to /bin/bash of at job scheduler like in CRON
Per Socket network Buffer queues utilization
What's the {} in find /path/ -exec command '{}' do?
Black screen at boot with Mint and Ubuntu live CDs
Why does Linux heat up my computer?
Why do we need a firewall if no programs are running on your ports?
Trying to update php on CentOS 5.7
I messed up my zshrc on a remote server and now I can't run any commands!
git grep colors differ from grep custom colors
Apache server doesn't start when mod_sm.so is loaded
Any relatively new binary distro causes kernel panics
Setting headers using the /bin/mail command
Can't start mysqld
What's the difference between 'no caching page mode present' and 'assuming drive cache. write through.'
Execute command for x seconds?
How to develop a small linux distro?
mount error "is not a block device"
How to create a book signature from text?
Highlight Files in X and get some function executed, how?
Match neither regex
How to make Firefox 9 read stdin?
How to do dosbox autoexecutable like dosemu on Opensuse
script; if status is this do that if not do something else
antispam techniques in postfix on linux
Gtk2 Themes under Gentoo's Gnome 3
Using Image Magick Convert to Change Channel Depth?
gvim -p limit of opened tabs?
GRUB2 and EFI - File not found?
Configuring Touchpad/Trackball for X
What is the point of ls -f (or, why is this hanging?)
EFI boot to Linux on a MacBook Pro
How do I create web pages in my home directory and have the web server serve them in my web browser?
Block Internet Access for 1 User
find -exec in bash script with variable expansion
Parsing XML from a shell script
Efficient way of comparing in awk
find with multiple -exec options; redirecting &>/dev/null for one exec command sends process to background
How can you move (or copy) all files of a certain type to a directory in Unix?
Why do I have to stop/restart cups in redhat linux in order to use a custom filter?
Look at the tar log contents without extracting them
Is /sbin/sulogin safe?
Is there any way to get an HTML page rendered through Chrome/Chromium from a console?
What settings can I use to maximize FFMpeg performance?
Radeon HD 6570 Display Problem
After re-compiling the kernel, my grub stop after the bios
Krunner equivalent in XFCE?
Reloading the $PATH from the GUI terminal
How can I source the bashrc file every time I 'clear'
How to shutdown with consolekit without sysvinit (but with systemd)
What's the difference between /etc/rc.d/rc*.d and /etc/rc*.d
Need good ideas about improving any Linux service
Running a command on the remote host with interactive SSH (conditionally)
How to improve this backup script?
What do different BSDs have in common?
Distro for a startup?
Is there a tool to visualize a filesystem allocation map on Linux?
configure.ac: not using gettext
In zsh how can I list all the environment variables?
Getting new server. How do I move everything over?
Is there a way to assign a shortcut key to nautilus' right click context menu?
What's a good example of piping commands together?
How to move to last character of the file in vim?
Arch Linux: problem in the installation process
qemu: how to access host via sftp
Linux /proc/sys/kernel: where are the files sysrq-sticky, sysrq-key, and sysrq-timer?
Can I command 7z to skip compression (but not inclusion) of specific files while compressing a directory with its subs?
Too many open files in system in FreeBSD 9
How do you wrap executable commands so that they work in an alias or function?
In Mac OS X Snow Leopard, how can one file's permissions be matched to another?
Create new linux account as a user without root access
Protect application files in from access by the same user
rpmbuild error: Symlink points to BuildRoot
Difference between vmlinuz-2.6.32-34-generic and vmlinuz-2.6.32-34-generic-pae
Trying to run oprofile on ubuntu kernel but cannot find vmlinux file
Why FOSS 3d performs so badly, compared to proprietary
Arch Linux makepkg failed on compressing package
awk separate columns of 3
Copy and paste a file/directory from command line
Since Android has malware, does it mean no Unix is immune from malware?
How does Bash path completion work with sudo?
Hardening debian?
Software raid + separate partitions?
Filesystems other than UDF and ISO9660 on CDs, DVDs, and Blu-ray
Fast X for LXC guest on localhost?
How can I be sure that my server is not virtualised?
How to list console and kernel fonts?
De-obfuscate a picture with statistical information?
Fast distro which only allows a USB boot?
pendrive distro
Launchpad equivalent for Debian
Dragging and resizing floating windows in xmonad without the  modkey
Dual booting Scientific Linux 6 and 64 bit Windows 7
application to see the cpu architecture in a figure
Share memory between a virtual machine and the host
What user should apache and PHP be running as? What permissions should /var/www files have?
Shrink a Linux guest .vdi in VirtualBox?
Is it possible to make seek() operations on a named pipe return successful?
GNOME 3 Ctrl+Alt+D (show desktop)
setting up yum in stripped down linux
format / rewrite old ide flash module
passing passwords to a script
How to escape quotes in shell?
# of reads/writes for LVM vs. "regular" partitioning?
How do I get started with linux?
GRUB on MBR of Windows-only internal drive, with distros on external drive
How to install LibreOffice on Scientific Linux 6.1?
Unable to use scp on Solaris
Setting nice and ionice for rsync via xinetd
How to install drivers on Linux
How do I set default brightness after boot?
In Bash, when to alias, when to script, and when to write a function?
Does using epub2pdf pose a potential security risk? Is there an alternative?
Hosts file modification not used
Can I copy text from one file by shell?
getrusage system call: what is "maximum resident set size"
Where do I download Vine Linux for PowerPC?
Simultaneously move long list files to new location
Terminal does not source .zshrc with custom colors for ls and cd command
tar + rsync + untar. Any speed benefit over just rsync?
Linux user's guide to windows?
How to access the data stored in guest operating system(i.e Virtual machine) from Host system
Setting up a 3 monitor display?
bash script works with in debug only
Does rsync verify files copied between two local drives?
nVidia proprietary driver
is stack-smashing protection on on Debian?
Unix dictionary add-on for Mac OS "Dictionary" app?
What is the significance of the "1" in ls(1)?
Cancelling execution of daemons during boot
Windows shell Escape key (delete whole line) equivalent in Bash
Can vmlinux be used instead of uImage?
Can you perform system calls from OSX Terminal?
Allowing user access to mailman python files from root?
Unkillable apache2 processes
What is "blocking" in reference to file I/O?
No font in emacs on CentOS
Why does the gzip version of files produce a different md5 checksum
Invert results for "for in * do"-loops
Where does the -i option in sed store the lines matching a regex?
Problem in secure copying (scp) filenames with spaces
"ss" command in iproute package; why query slab table for timewait sockets?
What's the best way to copy files from an ext3 file system to a NTFS and maintain the ownership and permissions?
Is Ubuntu 12.04 likely to be more stable compared to Debian testing?
Text to movie from commandline
"echo 1 > /sys/block/sdX/device/delete" on all disks except predetermined list
SSH not terminated after exit when there is X Forward program
Unable to boot the operating system
Bluetooth card all of a sudden disappears?
Scroll % in Vim cmd line?
Is it possible to use split to make character chunks out of Chinese unicode bytes?
php mail not working in rhel server?
How can you move (or copy) all files to a directory with the same filename prefix?
Is there any way to control the light value of the Apple logo on a MacBook?
Problem with mount namespaces under Fedora
Odd Inode/Ram cache drops happening in CentOS
How to log all domains accessed?
grep *stringA*[number]
Is there a file search engine like "Everything" in Linux?
How can I add invisible watermark to images on commandline?
Shell Script for logging into a ssh server
MySQL socket and PHP (and other languages)
How to find all the links to a directory
Move to the beginning of a line in screen
How to write makefile for bulk processing?
Cloned VirtualBox CentOS disk is unbootable after cloning in GParted
Invalid configuration `x86_64': machine `x86_64' not recognized
How to create indexes in a pdf?
Mysterious write IO
Locating mail users and setup for RT
System freezing on Fedora 15 - graphics issue?
Graphical issues in vim
sysctl parameter for correct ARP response
Failed to get access to the Internet after disabling networkmanager on ArchLinux
Linux: Kill process based on arguments
OpenLDAP Centos 6
Kernel Panic - not syncing: VFS: Unable to mount root fs after new kernel compile
find usage with -L
SSH connection does not work while browsers do
Frustrating issue where neither cron nor su -c runs my job (permissions?)
Why is the default process creation mechanism fork?
Is there a Homebrew-equivalent for limited access user accounts in Linux?
Show files from the last 2 days on a mounted ntfs system?
Lightweight isolated linux environment
Is there a more elegant way to count words and assign that count to variables?
How to find Nautilus wastebasket in the file system
Unable to mount usb drive, but computer sees that it's there.. PNY (MIPS Lemote)
Spell check comments in vim
Printing from Linux guest with Windows host
Why isn't the ls command listing huge filesizes?
200ms latency between TCP send and tcpdump only with large messages
Quick directory navigation in the bash shell
Icon not showing in applications on OSX
Why doesn't uname -a return a useful identifier
Port Mirroring using iptables - copy all traffic among nginx on :80 and Apache on :8080
Process priority and cpu speed
How to enable crash reports/core dumps/stack trace logging globally?
Make vim / curl recognize https:// links
Can't get to desktop
Adding paths to PATH using a multi-line syntax
What should I do before dual-booting Windows 7 and Debian on EFI?
iptables, how to redirect port from loopback?
Did all of the Requests for Comments directly affect the design of Unix networks?
Why is my C++ program killed by OS
How to cat a file for a certain number of seconds?
How can I run Yast with X and ssh?
"Operation not supported" for setfacl inside a python script
How do I get GrindEQ (Latex plugin for Word) to work with Word in Wine?
"Grep breaks, causing the boot process to hang forever"
In bash, feed output of one command line-by-line into another command
If I'm logged in as root, how do I restart mysql or apache with options?
I would like to grep all files except some file types?
Trouble booting server from GRUB prompt
How to start tailing a file that has not been yet created 
How to expand tabs based on content?
Why doesn't Alpine's viewer command work within GNU screen and how can I fix it?
command for counting number of active cron jobs in crontabs
removing or clearing stack of popd/pushd paths
Permission Denied when downloading Drupal
find exclude directory
How to download an entire directory from a webserver?
On what occasion will inode change?
Booting the already installed Windows from the VirtualBox installed in Ubuntu
Create iso image of ext3 type
How to sort (by whatever key) BibTex entries in `.bib` file?
Moving through history of commands on command line?
Enable .Net 4 Mono on OpenSuse
Fonts of some applications get confused
Fedora 16 Yakuake keybinding failure ( retracts but will not dropdown )
Error in R: Unable to open connection to X11
Why doesn't my new cygwin .bashrc interactive check work?
Is it possible to show the contents of a directory without changing into it?
Can SSH passwords be sniffed out over Wi-Fi?
Avoid reformatting bullet lists with formatoptions+=a
Metaphor for the concept of shell?
Bash syntax highlighting of subshells
Gentoo on VM setting IP Manually
Denied permission to change ownership
ping -c1, wait for all responses from broadcast
ssh "-f" don't give back hand in bash when listening to stdout/stderr
grep: Trailing backslash
Where can I look for backup script?
Need shell script to transform a CSV into Apache httpd format
Is there a tool to display WiFi information in console?
Is there a GUI tool to show an archive information with ratio visualization?
permission denied when redirecting sudo sed output
How to change the primary display of dual screen Fedora 16?
How do I redirect command output to a file?
Backing up chroots for host reinstall
what is meant by connecting STDOUT and STDIN?
Script to create files in a template
eldoc mode makes emacs use 100% cpu
Connect 2 laptops together in dualhead mode?
samba security share && user
How to setup default browser?
How to find out which file is currently written by a process
Automatically hide Linux Mint notification bar after timeout
How to keep track of installed software
Wake-on-LAN with BusyBox?
apache2 Invalid command 'SSLEngine'
install firefox in ubuntu-server edition
What is the optimum swap size on Linux for a heavily threaded program?
What is wrong with my .bashrc PS1 line?
How do I prevent tmux from wrapping around when searching?
Which file system to choose for small sized files?
Problem Installing .ttf with FontConfig, in userdir for user account, running RHEL
Set default font size in Emacs 23.4?
grep equivalent of the kwrite regex [A-Z][A-Z]+
How can I remove GRUB2 entries in Fedora 16?
How does forking affect a process's memory layout?
How can I pass a command line argument into a shell script?
Cannot control brightness with Fedora 14 on Compaq CQ42
$2 (field reference) in awk BEGIN is not working
Embedded device: How to do raw reads and write to flash (emmc/movinand) bypassing file system cache
What's wrong with this csh file?
Remove watermarks from pdf file
AUR and pacman GUI frontend for Arch
Where are temporary files used for installation stored?
How and where to install a headers only library?
Finding the best working driver for a video card
Install apache2-mod-mono-2.10
Why don't I see the XAMPP page on Linux Mint?
Fedora 16 desktop missing workspaces, Applications and Desktop menus at top of window
GNU Screen and Emacs
How can I make my home Linux most closely resemble the Linux used at my school?
How do I build Lynx with SSL on Mac OS X?
SIOCSIFNETMASK: Invalid argument using OpenVPN on Ubuntu
Is linux.org still maintaining their OS? Who's using it?
Extracting a regex matched with 'sed' without printing the surrounding characters
Is there a command line tool for image manipulation?
Mint 12: I can't open synaptic package manager
What is wget idiom for curl -o?
Is there a tool to view a torrent file?
Is there a WinSpy++ like tool for Linux/X/GTK/QT?
Using files that have spaces in their name in pipes
Can Bumblee really help with Optimus Laptops?
routing between two private networks (NICs)
is it possible to send a control sequence to a terminal emulator using the keyboard
How do I filter a glob in zsh
Linux mint 12: change default editor and terminal
VIM - how to minimize tabindent on hilighted text
Confusion about sed and '>'
How to extract annotations from PDF files?
How to delete the line after a search pattern, globally with vi?
How to extend an ext3 partition over LVM inside a file (virtual machine)?
How to display lines 2-4 after each grep result?
transfer permissions user -> group/other
How/Why does cat write a bootable ISO to a device
Is it possible to find out the hosts in the known_hosts file?
Can I send auditd logs to another computer?
Proper way to use shebang for bash
How to create a cron which finds/kills/clears old puppet runs?
What causes localhost 404 requests to go to http://origin.domain.com
FreeBSD is not Unix. But its Unix-Like Unix. Where is then the main Unix to read the source code?
/etc/rc*: Why does this command stop NFS services from starting at boot?
Remapping keys in vim's "directory view"
Problems with tight vnc on Suse 11 enterprise x86_x64
Storing Abbreviations in Vim
RVM install issues on a local user account
Two differently-versioned binary Debian packages from one source
How to swap columns in such a file?
Are there foreign language Terminal command sets?
Linux friendly TV tuner/receiver
Are Linux kernel threads really kernel processes?
Mint 12: synaptic package manager error
PPPoE reports network is down
/etc/resolv.conf changes during reboot
mtp-detect doesn't detect my Sony Ericsson phone
SSH: I have a *.pem private key. How to create a SSH connection using it?
How can I easily determine which pseudo-terminal device a terminal emulator has been assigned?
I want to set up a basic cron job that sends an email
Ctrl + c will not kill process
Translating user id when creating image
Bash $PROMPT_COMMAND messing up scroll history display
Two pipes to one command
Cross-platform (Linux, BSD, Solaris) way to check if pid exists
what is the benefit of --squeeze-repeats in tr command
Why is bash extended-globbing variable substitution acting at the byte level?
Is it possible to mount a gzip compressed dd image on the fly?
Slow boot on Fedora 16: why and how to improve?
Have working headphone controller under Linux?
Can GRUB font size be customised?
What purpose does the colon builtin serve?
using here script I/O redirection with su command
ulimit PICKLE: "Operation not permitted" and "Command not found"
How/why can Firefox packages work on all Linuxes?
Options for .hidden files?
What happens if you add a vlan-device to an interface that already is a vlan device?
How to generate a year-quarter date from the command line?
How to make the terminal display user@machine in bold letters?
What should a Linux Server Admin know about Solaris and AIX
Are there any editline configuration files available to make it act more like readline?
Command line friendly virtual machine
How to check that ssh login was successful in a script?
Can I search bash history across all users on a server?
How do I search for Linux distro build tools?
What is an appropriate naming structure for storing application packages?
LiveCD for LFS 7.0
SELinux outbound access to other sites with restrictions
Insert selected filename while copying in Midnight Commander
How can I use command line telnet client to open a raw connection - like PuTTY?
Crontab Change location
Doubt on the value of PS1 environment variable
How to run grep on a single column?
Which linux distro is based on Arch, runs LXDE and out of the box ready to use?
How to stage part of hunk with added newline at EOF?
File extensions for unix shell scripts
Bring down and delete bridge interface that's up
Files with no .sh extension not considered for autocompletion in zsh
Extract files from FreeBSD ISOs - how to know locations?
find files which have a higher permission than xxx
How to search for files by size and extension ?
Bash: Use an alias in a variable
Tool for measuring entropy quality?
Setting LS_COLORS and in a GNU Screen
Can I use pxelinux to boot from an ISOs over the network?
What is the .gitignore pattern equivalent of the regex (Big|Small)(State|City)-[0-9]*\.csv
Does brand/hardware limit the distributions that are safe to run?
I can't login to Crunchbang Linux
Set Variable Environment Variables in bash (or other)
What does the noeol indicator at the bottom of a vim edit session mean?
"Permission denied" trying to get a file using TFTP
What to do when a Linux desktop freezes?
How do I use curl to download content from sourceforge?
How do I attach a terminal to a detached process?
Key-binding to open a terminal running python in ratpoison
Prioritise X applications with focus
How to fix mistake in grub.cfg from LiveCD?
Where does Firefox 10 look for plugins?
National characters in manpages
History of WINE
Differentiate between Galaxy Nexus and Galaxy Tab in UDEV rule?
Given a .gif, return the color components as X11-style hexadecimal specifiers (or equivalents)
Mac G5 - Nvidia GeForce 5200 FX settings
Why are background jobs started by my shell living longer than the parent shell and controlling terminals?
Selecting latest files and grouping by name
Creating Windows self-extracting executables that can auto-run a script
Concatenate specific files into one single file
Ubuntu 11.10 Server: create user, home directory, sudo privileges: command line only
SD card corrupt and stuck at 32MB, any way to fix it?
pfsense long ping to google
What do these commands mean?
Ctrl+F2 no longer opens the app launcher in Gnome 2
How to uninstall java on Linux Mint 12
How do get unix sort to sort in same order as Java (by unicode value)
How to bind emacs abort to key
Automatically update MPD database upon external storage insertion
Installing Arch Linux with UEFI Boot and GPT Layout
Why is kernel-default 114MB on SUSE Studio?
separate a file into several small files according to columns
Uninstalling default VBoxGuestAdditions on Debian
smbclient alternative for large files
Time synchronization in XFCE 4.8
Real Time Local File Sync
Script to show number of files (by file type) in a directory?
How to stop a program running as daemon
vim: replace all character till end of line
How to remotely control a CentOS 5.4 install
Can an eCryptfs Home Directory Be Backed Up Remotely
getting wifi up and running in Arch Linux on Mac Mini 3,1
Disable festival from 'noticing' abbreviations, by editing .festivalrc
Directory/file naming conventions when storing media collection on Linux
How to add a newline to the end of a file?
How to change file permissions for newly generated files in largefiles directory of Mercurial?
Configurable tab-bar, or rich-featured terminal emulator
Monitor what is being sent to /dev/null?
Which arch linux should I download?
merging files and getting column values based on id field
Remap CapsLock to Escape and Control System Wide
why does htop meter show >90% while table is 0.0%?
Will tar -cvzf packed.tar.gz mydir take hidden files into account?
Make group permissions same as user permissions
Stop broken NFS mounts from locking a directory?
Where is the official udev source and other dev information?
FTP server - directories
Egrep: contains and does not contain
Issue with mv command in a script
Why isn't /etc/rc.local executed when I log in?
How can I Forward a subDomain to a specific port?
How are the GPG usage flags defined in the key details listing?
Does CentOS fall into System V family? How is it considered to be while comparing with Unix System V family?
How can I get a static C compiler?
how to make XTerm never use bold characters?
stdout , stderr and logging using the script command
What is `^M` and how do I get rid of it?
How do I easily update list of md5sums?
How to mount an image file without root permission?
How can I monitor if anybody (any process) access is certain file
selective stdout , stderr and logging using the script command
Apache cannot fork: cannot allocate memory
Autocompletion for Makefile rules in tcsh
grep and escaping a dollar sign
Virtual unix command-line environment on the iPad
archlinux cannot boot after replace module init with kmod
Getting KDE applications to recognize Forward/Back mouse buttons
What's the meaning of the slash in crontab?
How to have CoreAudio from Mac to Linux/Unix?
Search for values in 2 columns from CSV
How do I create a local copy of a complete website section from OSX using curl?
tar command generates error in shell script
Checking if PATH contains $HOME/mydir and adding it if not (all in a script)
slitaz cooking grub2 loopback
Why did SDF switch from NetBSD to Linux?
CUPS - install once, use another printer (of the same model) without re-configuring problem
Writing Linux Kernel module for non-MSDOS disk labels/partition tables
How can I send data to the STDIN of a background process?
Linux Mint 12: DVD version vs CD version
QT applications does support Unicode
Replace yum with apt
ZSH takes two tabs to complete filenames
Is highmem relevant in 64 bit Linux? If not, why?
How do I create a local copy of a complete website section from OSX using wget?
Does find support OR in its regexes?
Why logs show a different ssh connection port # than the one specified?
Can someone clarify: 'case ":$PATH:" in' in script?
Can't use my USB wireless adapter D-link (DWA-131) to work Backtrack5 R1 VMware
Why is bash's prompt variable called PS1?
Problem with bash script executed from website
How to apply the same awk action to different files?
Gnome 3: Show all applications of all workspaces?
i686 versus i486 kernel on an Intel Core i3
What does the following kernel message mean?
Top says 100% CPU used, but 50% of cores idle?
How to fairly share bandwidth between IPs with tc?
Confusion about low frame rate with Nvidia GeForge, but hardware rendering seems to work?
using read inside if clause - bash
xmodmap configuration to emulate Mac special key layout?
Using regex inside if clause in bash
Set variables in ZSH precmd and reference them in the prompt
pwd not being set correctly in zsh prompt
Developing software on linux
Why aren't the Fedora GPG keys signed?
How do I get pacman to use my custom PKGBUILDs when updating?
How to find bash in a portable way
How can I determine the connection method used by a MySQL client?
Calling a script in ~/.profile stops my logging in
Autentification on SSH connection in OneLine
Getting a working chroot environment to boot with Grub2
How to Expand LVM2 Partition in Fedora Linux
How to force 1920x1080 resolution - Fedora 16, VMPlayer, 9800GTX
Find command: how to ignore case?
using parallel to process unique input files to unique output files
Move /var/www/ to /srv/www/ on Fedora 16
How to output file & ignoring lines that start with "?"?
Find all lines in a file with a certain character at a certain position
Testing if a variable is empty in a shell script
Simple command line HTTP server
What is this sed command doing?
how can I give a normal user write access to a network interface?
Backing up to DVD
Admin user not showing directory path in console prompt, only $
Renaming files from bash in linux
Set volume from terminal
Why does parameter expansion with spaces without quotes work inside double brackets "[[" but not inside single brackets "["?
How to find the header file where a c function is defined?
Slim exit as username ends in black screen
Apple keyboard in openbox
Dereference concatenated variable name
Shell script executing in the terminal but not from shell script file
UDEV assign ATTRS{variable} to ENV{variable}
Installing GCC 4.5 on Fedora 16
Timescales of any task in linux kernel?
How do I configure syslinux to boot immediately
User Kernel split in 64bit Linux
MAC OS X lion mac address spoofing problem
Why does a=0; let a++ return exit code 1?
Installing flash player for Firefox
Creating a variable with sed in ksh
What's the meaning of output of lsattr
terminal emulator which auto closes after execution but stays open if there was an error during execution
inserting a token while parsing a file - bash
Number of backslashes needed for escaping regex backslash on the command-line
Execute Script automatically at shutdown on Fedora 15/16
Conflict between `pushd .` and `cd -`
Per process firewall?
egrep command which shows all the authors and subjects of mails contained in a directory
16 Colors in ZShell
Does /var keep growing in size?
Restore /etc/hosts on SuSE
regex wanted to exclude a string
Pass command line arguments to bash script
How do I stop Apache from running as root?
How to log user in to Gnome Desktop from remote ssh terminal?
Shell programming temp=$1 vs temp=1
Bash: Filter invalid commands from history, specifically passwords
how to set the sftp -s subsystem option in a configuration file
Is 32bit still preferable to 64bit?
using SSH to connect to remote CentOS 5.6 server where Firefox running on server is very slow
In bash shell, how to insert the previous line inside the current line?
FreeBSD + ZFS + Encryption? Alternatives? Suggestions?
How set environment variable based on whether a GUI is available?
Apply astyle on commited files using SVN hooks
Keep global variables values piping through functions
Are there command line tool(s) to convert video to WebM format in Debian Squeeze?
What does the vm.swappiness parameter really control?
Which are best repo for Cent OS 5.7?
How to Increase Screen Resolution in Linux Mint. (Parallels and iMac)
Why doesn't tar ask before overwriting existing files?
Is there a way to lock command line?
Permanently Storing a command in bash history
Ubuntu Server - Access webserver from other LAN computer, setting up SSH or FTP, closing ports?
Any better alternative to chroot  on an OpenVZ VPS?
Escaping of meta characters in basic/extended posix regex strings in grep
How to identify the program that uses most bandwidth?
How to specify timeout for tab completion in zsh?
Disabling Web camera
Securing a Debian installation for general home usage
How to limit application memory usage?
Grep for a string with list of files as source
How can I read CD-Text information from CDs
Which driver for USB enclosure should I install?
Howto reduce skype video outgoing traffic?
What is the fastest way to write all sectors on a drive?
Can I get the backup option of cp and mv to work with directories?
Destroying KVM first try virtual machine
LDAP on openSUSE
Diff command. Basic explanation
Extract files from FreeBSD 9 ISO
zsh: excluding files from a pattern
Set and Shopt - Why Two?
How do I extract all .htaccess files from a tarball?
Awk: check for length of field
Remove notifications icon or make notifications fade after a while
How to debug system freeze?
Plotting in gnuplot
Is "Disk failure is imminent" causing the errors I am experiencing?
What are the different ways that a message can be displayed to a bash shell after a user logs in?
How to easily maintain the latest versions of Apache/ MySQL/ PHP on CentOS 6.2?
How do I fix btrfs?
CentOS 5.5 network problem
Does LVM increase the risk of data loss?
Getting a short wifi password to work on Linux Mint
Is there a way to have a web browser while no KDE or GNOME is installed?
changing pattern of a text file
Excluding some of the commands from being getting stored in bash history
PXE boot with NFS: /sbin/init: No such file or directory
Securely Deleting A File In Ram
Will formatting my drive TRIM my SSD?
Case-insensitive file system for production server?
Change default path for when I SSH in to CentOS server?
removing linux kernels
How does the kernel "give up" control to distribution-specific initialization?
How to iterate a command over a set of files?
What is the python equivalent of grep -v?
How are Flash Videos played?
Grep: search and replace full line
What are the effects, if any, of scheduler priorities and policies for threads in an uncontended cpuset?
Why do I get a different RSA fingerprint when multihopping using ProxyCommand
How can I open a new terminal in the same directory of the last used one from a window manager keybind?
Hanging at "Running Transaction Test" when trying to install php-soap
Making the transition to multiple hard drives with dual boot
How to calculate in linux number of file inside nested directories?
FreeBSD 9.0 with GNOME 3
How can I observe memory bandwidth?
NFS keeps randomly crashing, breaks mount on other clients
What does this python2 error mean, and what should I do about it?
Terminal and Vim
Is there a tool to map ecryptfs plaintext and encrypted filenames?
How to mass change password attributes in AIX uname -rv=3 5 for all users but root
Debian: How to delay configuration when installing/upgrading?
Mathematical connection between SZ RSS and VSZ in ps o/p?
Where to find the source file of function pause(void) and sigsuspend(set)
gnome 3 hibernate option
How to perform an action only on the first line?
Linux: LUKS and multiple hard drives
Variable name from command output
How to launch an application with default "terminal emulator" on Ubuntu?
How to bypass GNOME Terminal when sending keyboard input?
How can I search for and highlight multiple strings in VIM?
How to get the filename if particular regexp is present in the file in Perl
Changing user in a script?
AIX multihomed multicast
Why can't I copy my DVD with dd?
ls to show only directory/filename and size
GPG key pair generation: What do the plus and minus signs mean?
Removing all spaces, tabs, newlines, etc from a variable?
When do you need 'nohup' if you're already forking using '&'?
Tools to dump entries from arbitrary sets of log files between 2 dates
How to get subshell's PID in Korn Shell (equivalent of $BASHPID)
What is the best way to restraint/secure a workstation?
Insert a multiline string into another string
grep for words of no more than a certain length
Debian: Upgraded to php 5.3 and lost phpcli, php-pear, etc
Fedora 16 dependency hell
Permissions UMASK for New Directories
Is the sum of all PIDs "utime" the total system utime?
Auto running bash script on login
Testing ext3 filesystem on embedded device
Is there a way to remap the AltGr key to Ctrl with setxkbmap?
Can I set how long ssh-agent keeps keys in memory? 
How to update kernel without reboot? (ksplice alternative)
Sorting columns from two files with awk
Split a file by line and have control over resulting files extension
terminal logging doesn't complete when I close the terminal
How to create backup from symbolic links?
System files with strict permissions
Making an ext3 filesystem image without mkfs.ext3
How do I format c while installing Ubuntu?
How can Solaris sub-partitions be accessed in FreeBSD?
Finding a number of occurrences of a certain character in tcsh
How to start the keyring daemon after a gnome-shell crash?
Why do I need gimptools to build makedev?
How to show the percentage progress of script execution in Unix?
Fedora 15 Gnome Shell Pauses on certain wireless networks
pxe boot: problems with /etc/resolv.conf
Installing FreeBSD without removable media from CentOS 6
Sony runs which operating system? Oracle Linux or Crestron Extron or Minix or OS X?
tmpfs and vm.swappiness
grep piping into sed, replacing inline; but I want sed to print the filename and changed line. Is it possible?
The receiving of returns by Nagios from script through NRPE
Excluding a file in bash loop
Background script run at login interrupted when I run tmux in terminal
Firefox not rendering some pages well
How can I list subdirectories recursively?
ACPI conflicts with ACPI region SMRG
do not allow a directory to be deleted but make new files in it?
Setting GTK2 theme for root
Volume manager tries to mount device while reformatting in gparted
Deleting viruses from USB
Verbose shutdown messages
ncmpc - spaces in search query
How to skip (omit) a specific port in nmap
Exporting environment variable
How extend linux partition with?(after success to extend : fail to boot computer)
Can Linux support a "Ralink corp. RT2800 802.11n PCI" (maybe a RT2860STA?) in an Asus EEE 901 netbook
Recover deleted file that is currently being written to
Which Linux file systems for USB sticks?
How to power off USB stick or MMC card under linux?
I want to upgrade to Debian Squeeze, but what are some pre-caution procedures that I should take?
User's executed commands log file
How to stop a windows virus run in Wine from infecting executables?
A shell script for joining two files
Extracting text from a text file in bash
Ubuntu Server, set terminal font to a custom ttf font?
Count number of lines in files then compare which has more (BASH)
history list in bash always truncated to 5000 lines at new login
Why `which tmux` and `sudo which tmux` return 2 different values?
Xvfb or Firefox throwing errors & gratuitously logging
I cannot install "unifdef" on CentOS 6
Installing glibc 2.3 for mysql server
What other distributions provide the option to install inside Windows?
Using tar on a file with an @ (at symbol)
A minimal POSIX conformant operating system
On a dual head system, how can I force the placement of a window to a certain desktop?
How can I block a range of IP addresses with an Amazon EC2 instance?
Can you use grub to boot a RW partition file stored on a FAT32 HDD?
Is S25mdadm start script priority correct?
Shell script to check server state
When would an initrd be necessary?
How to remove gnome-games package without removing other packages?
What is the maximum allowed filename (and folder) size with eCryptfs?
Why is my file system mounted as read-only?
"Drag'n'Drop-Execute" functionality in KDE
Execute string result from shell script as a set of shell commands
SNMP Trap on Unix
How to understand the result returned by "nm" command
Tools that list the prototypes in .so library
delayed write in operating file system
Getting info about a Virtual file system
Converting a history to a script?
Restrict bandwidth with DD-WRT
How to have a secure Pidgin install?
Install printer in openSUSE 12.1?
Can't switch to console using my own compiled kernel
How can I view the list of packages that were "suggested" by apt?
Change tab size of "cat" command
How to migrate from CentOS to RHEL?
Can I do ssh and do for loop and touch files in a single shot?
How to register Nginx as a service, after installing Passenger?
How can I automatically chown a file to the user who made the modification?
Why doesn't my laptop fan ever spin down?
tar --exclude doesn't exclude. Why?
xsel < /tmp/xselection not working in script
Generating a slideshow under linux
Ssh keeps asking for passphrase several times
Mounting multiple devices at a single mount point on Linux
Is swap an anachronism?
azap from LinuxTV dvb-apps strange signal behavior with Hauppauge WinTV-HVR 950Q
Compiling a kernel module with some options
Reading virtual memory
Running a full foreach command
linux launch script /etc/init with a specific user
SFTP server on RHEL6 disconnects on ls
Which virtual terminal is a given X process running on?
Disable tab autocompletion in interactive mode
Adding a populated existing disk device to a QEMU raw image
pixelview bt878 card not being recognized
Is unix good with many users/groups?
Tar overwrites read only files
Display X applications on an Android system
Best way to swap filenames
dir-color failure in html and css files in several terminals
GNU/Linux: how to detect hard disk mappings?
Linux Operating system-NOT A KERNEL CHANGE
Physical Terminal (DEC VT220) issues with ZSH
What characters do I need to escape when using sed in a sh script?
How to insert the content of a file into another file before a pattern (marker)?
How to enable wifi using keyboard (Dell Inspiron 14r) in suse Linux 11.4
Copying an HDD to a larger one by dd
Xterm with Solarized only showing dark background without font colors
fdisk hangs on "Syncing disk" when resizing a raw QEMU image
How do I begin with building a Linux system from scratch?
Eclipse error on opening: Linux Mint 12
Use `dd` to cut file end part
need portable crontab host-checking/failover logic across Linux & Cygwin
Multi-machine tool in the spirit of moreutils' `parallel`?
Allow non-root process to access all home directories without compromising security?
Faster awk script to get the substring / string we wanted
Gzip decompress on file with other extension?
Use sed to fix broken newlines
Schedule halt using ConsoleKit and Dbus
Why can't I boot off my Debian update CD?
Pacman could not find gnome-system-tools ArchLinux
Where did scp put these files?
Where are internet connection logs stored in Mint12 x64 and how to analyze them
Shell script doesn't paint last line of stdout to screen without user input
Would installing linux ease my Mac OS problems?
How to plot many linegraphs on one page with gnuplot
user disappeared during update error
php web program running a shell script?
Multiple ssh sessions in single command
How do I equally balance tmux(1) split panes?
Git-SVN Not Allowing Me to Authenticate
Why does dd from /dev/random give different file sizes?
Thinkpad disable TrackPoint
Invert colors in whole PDF (convertion)
vmstat IO stats: why the high bo during a download?
remove trailing zeros in awk not working. syntax error
Real time system info script using ncurses and dialog
Have Bash script wait for status message before continuing
Graceful way to kill process
"Swap file xxx already exists" when editing apache configuration file in vim?
process files in a directory as they appear
How to split the output and store it in an array?
Wireless not showing a network in the scan results
Disabling mouse-wheel window-shading in XFce?
Remote SSH login not working
How to check if a pipe is empty and run a command on the data if it isn't?
Is it safe to remove a script file from within that script?
Got an error while upgrading CentOS
Linux script or program to shorten filenames
TLS over unix pipe
using xargs to grep multiple patterns
Reliable External Wifi adapter for Backtrack
Is it possible to write portable service scripts to control a daemon?
getting an old logitech webcam to work in Linux
How to check progress when cloning a disk using `dd`?
Is "temp" a reserved system name?
High load average, low CPU usage - why?
List all the matched files starting from an index
solaris + vxprint + mirror for rootvol & rootdisk7vol not exist
Using sed to get rid of characters < > ,
Reverse two finger scroll direction with BCM5974?
Memory profiling the linux kernel on an embedded device
curl --resolve appears to do nothing
du reports surprising total size for same data
How to grep on source code without catching comments
Uninstall the Encrypted LVM function to remove the prompted password entry during Ubuntu Boot
Create release version using tar
ALSA dummy device - how to configure?
Debian squeeze (stable) broken packages after installing something from wheezy (testing)
How can I run byobu from xterm at starting?
Show established samba mounts
wicd - no connection after boot, have to restart manually?
Opensuse 11.4 very slow on 8 GB RAM i5 processor
Check if filename exist from inline command
Automated SSH Login
why there are six getty processes running on my desktop?
What is the purpose of -e in sed command?
Compiling for old versions of Debian
Multipath device name doesn't display correctly
Fedora now tries to connect to wireless at boot?
MySQL table is repeatedly crashing
Calling xrandr via SSH
Creating Cron Task to kill stalled/failed runs in a system
"Only root can mount" error - but I am root
Bash scripting and large files (bug): input with the read builtin from a redirection gives unexpected result
Mount drive from redhat to a windows share with CIFS
How can I unset non standard vim options?
Why change the owner of a symbolic link in linux?
Screen blinks when unauthorized action is attempted
Where do I master the most useful linux commands for programmers?
How to find the IP address of a KVM Virtual Machine, that I can SSH into it?
How can we rename a file with semi-colon as part of the filename?
How to change user with authentication inside shell script
How does load average work with modern CPU's?
How to make a symbolic link to /usr/bin/vim but with start-up parameters?
How to add mimetype bindings?
Multiple SSH private keys, possible?
root account expired
Run sudo as another non-root user and save in this user's home directory
Can I redirect logfiles to syslog?
SSH Bash Jail Session
Configure autocomplete for the first argument, leave the others alone
Buffer overrun on Fedora 16 serial
Why is this make file not working?
Load module from the boot menu
Does GNOME 3 support desktop zoom?
fstab not mounting a disk on boot
splitting the array and send the values to hashset in awk
How do I determine the number of RAM slots in use?
Nano editor - display not updating with PuTTY
How to define and load your own shell function in zsh
Columns of Virtual Desktops in Openbox
how can I rename multiple files by inserting a character?
Linux kernel for Nintendo Wii
Running Debian i386 binary on Debian armel via qemu
how to avoid ssh asking permission?
IPv6 NDP timer problem
how can I rename multiple files by removing a character or string?
Recovering ext4 superblocks
How can one force a re-scan of an SDIO bus from Linux user space?
Remove duplicated Java packages
Can I make Tmux tell Vim when its pane loses focus?
403 forbidden issue - .htaccess
make grep output without trailing newline
How to move files into newly created directory on condition in shell/perl
How to install windows 7 after fedora 16
What is the meaning of /etc (as acronym)
Bluetooth pairing hangs up the system in debian
Install newer version of application in $HOME without root access and linking to installed app
Toggle border with key combination in xmonad
How to make an ext4 file writable on mounting by a user (not root)
small Linux host for virtual box
To pass a parameter with sed
How to enable autocompletion for remote paths when using scp?
Can't use exclamation mark (!) in bash?
Jailbreaking HDTV
Chromium does not honor Fontconfig fallbacks? Can I set it for that? Or manually specify?
Is there any "non live" distribution of Linux that can be run from a USB drive, AND allow access to files from Windows?
Steps to secure your server?
Preventing LyX from getting a SIGHUP and closing when the terminal window is closed
What does this output from xev mean?
How do I attach my LVM RAID's to a new Ubuntu install?
ls outputs multiple columns even if piped to grep with grml's zsh config
Dynamically update completion list in zsh
-d shell script doesn't work
Is it possible to define where the .bash_profile is located on the bash command line?
Trying to install gearman on CentOS, and ./configure cannot find event.h even though libevent is installed
HDD Testing En Masse
is it possible to lock a user into a give directory tree in bash?
Debian dhcpd "No subnet declaration for eth0"
Copying files based on a condition
Getting information about a process' memory usage from /proc/pid/smaps
How to Suppress messages generated by an application being sent to my terminal window?
Bash: repeat last N commands
firefox launch failed: X11 connection rejected because of wrong authentication
gcc can't link to pthread?
add command to /etc/init.d/rc.local file that's missing
How to print from remote over SSH to local LAN printer?
Preventing ChromeOS from blanking the screen when working on a different tty
How to force Gnome's WM (metacity) to open a program window on a specific monitor?
Change directory with -d in shell script
Launching Gentoo from external hard drive
What log files to include when reporting a bug report for my wlan card?
problems installing lcov on Debian 6
In Gnome, how do I decide whether to accept a PackageKit software source?
Font encoding in Terminal
Command to list in real time all the actions of a process
What live distro can automatically accept usb tethering from android phone?
Grub not installing properly with two seperate discs
Locked out of Linux Mint
why we should use create and copytruncate together?
Checking if HyperThreading is enabled or not?
How to use wget or other tool to download a file, for which the link is hidden(activates on-click only)
How to easily set up multiple accounts in mutt?
Can I use divert as an alternative to ipfw fwd?
Any other Linux application similar to Greyhole?
Compiling a C program that defines a function getline by GCC
Is there a tmux equivalent of "screen -D -R"
Create a volume group from a logical volume instead of a physical volume
How to schedule something run once using anacron?
Alternative to watch which support colors
Is there a way to find files containing only non-printing characters?
How to copy only matching files, preserving subdirectories
Where can I download the /usr/dict/ packages?
Fedora 15: em1 recently dissapeared and hostapd no longer serves internet to wirelessly connected devices
Installing Redmine on openSUSE
Single set of keyboard shortcuts for copy/paste/cut across all X11 applications
Should LVM partitions be used in virtual machine images?
Check which network block devices are in use
Is there a JVM daemon?
Setting up a cronjob as a file
Writing command synopsis in standard man format
Manage papers offline on a linux system
How to make X less sensitive when right clicking?
What distribution for light weight server?
Reinstall Debian
Storing commands in files
setxkbmap for macbook pro (US)
Is there a way to integrate the unix "man pages" into OSX's Dictionary app?
What shells were used on early unix systems?
`free`: output format
Rsyslog log rotation using output channels
What is the max partition supported in linux?
Hamachi for Web Surfing
Using an already established SSH channel
What's wrong with this xargs command?
Can I use FAT partition for /home?
How do I output a count of all files with “tty” in the filename in the Linux directory that holds files on system devices
byobu configuration menu is missing options
How to use grep/ack with files in arbitrary encoding?
Debian VPS, no loop devices present, modprobe fails
What is the real-world use of the bg command?
How are loaded SSH keys referenced by name?
Unable to delete file, even as root
Fixing broken packages in a Debian testing distribution
Why does SELinux allow me to read this file?
No framebuffer device: how to enable it?
How to capture the address an application contacts?
Proper management of ld.so.conf and shared libraries
Setting up a mail server to simply be able to see emails sent
dircolors "missing second token"
How can I list all files in a Linux directory that holds basic commands and shells used by root and other users using a full path?
Local area network without using the IP protocol in Linux
Extracting a file attachment from an email message and saving it to a file?
How can I update to a newer version of Git using apt-get?
Python set up on mac
How to show full names on desktop in XFCE?
How to disable clicking in Seagate ST3000DM001?
Port Mirroring in Fedora?
What happened to my ext3 partition
How can I populate a file with random data?
Find files with same name but different content?
Diff several files, true if all not equal
How to measure an operation's duration in terminal, not in code
Why does awk do full buffering when reading from a pipe
Is the process of backing-up a database and sending the generated CSV to a remote server easier on Windows or Linux?
/run in Debian Squeeze
Running VLC from a cronjob: How to get a DBUS connection?
Problems with CMake in CentOS 6
How to make titlebars in XFCE bigger?
zlib support for PIL won't work
Backup Ubuntu as an installer
Is there a way to identify which process turns into Zombie process
Where to supply authentication details to the Network Proxy (Central Proxy) on Fedora?
How to interpret an octal or hex dump of a binary file?
Which AIX command's output is this?
Toggle touchpad in HP ProBook 4530s
What are the reasons Slackware still refuses to include PAM?
Installing git "sudo: apt-get: command not found"
change owner of a file and it's parent directories
Finding text between two specific characters or strings
How to make changes to /etc/profile take effect
Why is my /home separate from /?
Can I have conditional statements, based on server, in .htaccess file?
How to write a file at various offsets to a filesystem partition with dd command
Why are directories created with permissions 2070 and files with 060 in a directory with setgid bit?
Is there a shell utility for printing the contents of a plist? Preferably for a jailbroken iOS device?
Can I force notify-send to appear on a different monitor?
passing file as a parameter with sed and loop
Make rows into column with awk or sed
Add consecutive numbers succintly and elegantly to index lines
Path is there, but cannot call one program without specifying path
What is the best way to learn SELinux?
How different is Elvis from Vim?
Is there a way to download pure Unix?
Rename a lot of files with all types of characters, with POSIX portability
What's the difference between pasting with middle mouse button, and Shift+Ins?
CPU governor settings
How to specify command line options for XAMPP for Mac?
any way to un-disown / re-attach an interactive process to the tty?
Bash script error trying to find directory of script itself: unexpected end of file
Why does awk print on non-null strings and positive numbers
How do I fix the error 403 I am getting with XAMPP while I am using mod_userdir?
How to find which machines are idle on a cluster of many nodes
Querying the current time of a city from terminal
install using YUM without root permissions
How do you bypass or skip the intro message when starting screen?
How to auto-start a service (apache2) with Linux Mint
How can I alias to `!!` (last command)?
"ls -lh" reports total size less than sum of individual sizes
How could running strace be fixing my OpenGL issue?
Connecting various process attributes reported by top, ps, /proc/pid/statm, /proc/pid/status, /proc/pid/smaps
Lightdm won't start automatically on boot
Why jobs aren't killed at logout when executed with "> /dev/null 2>&1 &"?
How close is cdebconf able to serve as a drop-in replacement for debconf?
How can I print a conditional header BEFORE stdout, if there is any output on stdout
startx error when setting up X server on archlinux
Terminal resizes itself
Cryptic Bash Crash
lpstat and localization under Mac OS X
How to find VM OS installation media file in the Proxmox Web Interface?
listing all hardware details on Linux
how to get out from the command iostat on unix?
Change gid of a specific group
Wait for ethernet cable plug-in/plug-out event under Linux?
Vim - Cursorline turns on after saving a remote file
List of Recently Modified Files
Error when I want to create a user on FreeBSD
Tmux border split in rxvt
Kernel socket structure and TCP_DIAG
Bash read command and stdin redirection
counting the number of occurences in a file of data list
dynamic display of a running process?
tmux on startup and ssh-agent forwarding issue
Is there anything in unix crontab to determine this should be executed in PST/CST standard time?
What is the difference between a Console, Shell, Terminal, Terminal emulator, Terminal multiplexer, and a Window manager?
Why do I keep destroying my text files?
phpmyadmin 403 error
How to execute one command on all files within a folder
How to check for empty passwords?
New user can't login in Linux Mint
Is it safe to close shell just by clicking "X" or using "ctrl+d"?
missing pieces of certain letters in text in Linux Mint
only one workspace
why does grep -A n give more lines than n?
List files sorted numerically
Sending some input into a process, then resuming input from command line
Sed: replacing digits
How to replace icons in Linux Mint?
Insufficient privileges in NetworkManager with xmonad
Write inside a socket open by another process in Linux
Passing SSH options to git-clone
How do you configure numpad keys using XKB?
How to use Deskjet 2050 J510 scanner on Scientific Linux 6.1?
How to turn off all screensaver/display power saving methods under Scientific Linux 6.1?
Opening a file with space from Ruby
What ~/.config refers to and how to put files there?
Are .bz2 files inside /var/lib/pengine safe to delete?
Chown and the risk of corrupting the backup disk
How do I setup two or more IPv6 address on one NIC in FreeBSD?
logrotate doesn't work for munin after last update on OpenSUSE 11.4
How to write a bash script, that logs onto an other machine to do stuff?
To sync /var or not?
How does a script/program executes in unix?
Character classes: construct my own
Mouse clicks stop working after random time, using Awesome WM + Gnome
Flash drive in OpenBSD: "specified device does not match mounted device"
How to disable DHCP (static IP)?
zsh Interpret/ignore commands beginning with '#' as comments
How to copy qemu raw images?
How to track file change
Backports on Debian not working
gzip - redirection or piping?
How does tcp-keepalive work in ssh?
msmtp alternative that understands /etc/aliases
find a file within a tar.gz archive
The best way to expand glob pattern?
Kill backgrounded SSH when shell exits
Bulk rename files with numbering
Convert linux sysuptime to well format date
ffmpeg: error while loading shared libraries: libtheoraenc.so.1
What is the tool that allows me to specify arbitrary directories using **
Enabling Numeric Keypad
How do I make all current and future files in a directory readable by a certain group/user?
Configure bash globbing
What is the appropriate value of vm.swappiness when using zram?
Debian Squeeze: Left mouse click stops working
Why does the /boot partition get updated when I install software
NVidia driver for the 3.2.9 kernel
How can I change which file manager dropbox opens with by default?
How to clear the last -10 info?
What's the easiest way to find out relevant video card/driver information
Are there any full featured pdf readers that integrate comment function?
switching from user to root and revers (FreeBSD)
Is it possible to change the order of a glob?
Alias in .bashrc doesn't seem to accept an argument
Vim - Bind a key to a bash command
Problem with vim when logged in as root
Usb tethering with linux and htc desire s other than rndis_host
How to compile my own linux kernel?
How do I disable a keyboard shortcut in gnome-shell?
Writing a Kernel from scratch
How to update menu of info directory node?
Static IPv4 & IPv6 configuration on CentOS 6.2
Software raid checksumming slow
KVM and swap problem
Exit Google Chrome from terminal
What happened to the GLP OpenGL extension?
Use cookies in curl to set language
How can I limit the bandwidth used by a process?
What does this egrep command do?
How to salvage an unreadable usb flash drive
Cannot access GRUB after deleting Win 8
If Mac OS X is UNIX, why is it that it is not open sourced and the license is proprietary?
How to assign value of variable with regex (bash)?
Why "man CMD" shows nothing?
jpg to pdf without data loss
Tell fs to free space from deleted files NOW
Recommendation on filesystem for embedded device - RAM or USB
How to disable Switch User option from Fedora 15
Routing private network to internet via 2 gateways
shell script  to execute in root mode
Rebinding/disabling CTRL+ALT+F# Virtual Terminal/Console Switching
Where do I find Mandriva netinstall?
Why does tailing an output log sometimes give partial lines?
How to script a database migration using SSH?
What's faster, dd 1.5TB or rsync 500GB?
mptscsih: ioc0: task abort: SUCCESS (rv=2002) causes 30 seconds freezing
How can I limit the output speed of stdout?
Migrating the KDE configuration files
Sapphire HD 4870 GDDR 512 drivers for Ubuntu
Automatically opening kwallet while logging in to KDE
How often is PSS value updated for a given process in /proc/pid/smaps
How is /proc/self implemented in Linux?
Playing mkv files
Why was '~' chosen to represent the home directory?
Can a script be executable but not readable?
Getting Linux computer integrated with Windows domain
Is there a way to view a list of timestamp history of a document/file via terminal/command line?
Listing specific lines in listed files
Subtle WM without a numpad
How do I hide login information passed to command line programs from appearing in the process list?
Pacman Full system upgrade ask for replacing packages
Shortcut key for scrolling inside a terminal
Is it possible to use a lamp server for serving files from a nas?
How to kill a ghost process? AIX 6.1
How to create Maildir directory with enough permissions for Postfix?
Pen Drive Not detected in Linux
How do I record disk performance on slow hardware and then replay it to faster hardware and benchmark it?
Alternative for `sleep seconds` that takes system load into account?
Complete files from a different directory in bash
Does Android SDK work in Solaris?
How to print Unicode glyph names for input string?
pipe Windows windows to Xserver on my linux host
Replacing sshfs with ssh
How can I find broken symlinks
Installing new Operating System such as FreeBSD with PXE boot?
I/O statistics per user
Are there 2 ways to set awk vars via command line?
Should I use LILO or GRUB or other?
How to get top 5 most ram intensive applications from Bash?
Outgoing firewall application similar to Little Snitch for Mac
Can I pipe stdout on one server to stdin on another server?
VNC send Ctrl+Alt+F1-F6 to server
Command that highlights regex in text?
Install an app made for SUSE Enterprise 11 on openSUSE 11.4
Chmod u-x isn't changing anything and I have no idea why
Unix/Linux command syntax
Linux sort last column
What is in fsck section in fstab?
Color of the fonts in my remote terminal screen when using VI in linux
How to divide a list of values by a number in command line?
Force change of a user's cwd as root
How to install & run collectd on Solaris 10 x86
How to configure DNS on Fedora 16?
What is the best book every Unix or Linux user should read?
Mouse pad error after new Linux kernel install
Skype gtk style not working on debian squeeze 64
Leave remote command running storing output
How to install rastertoezpl on Pardus?
Sorting the output of "find"?
How to configure SELinux to print date and time in each entry in audit log?
Why does the "du" command count in 4KB steps?
no network on domU in network-bridge configuration for Xen-4.0
How to create a user with limited RAM usage?
Slow system after running a KDE GUI application from a Debian Squeeze chroot
How can I pass output of one command as an argument to another
Which Gentoo should I download?
Stitch two JPEGs together into a PDF
OpenSUSE can only boot into Failsafe mode
How to quit Menu Item mode in the info command page
Is there a way of deleting duplicates more refined than fdupes -rdN?
Using a named pipe as ffmpeg/avconv's input for streaming
How to create initrd.img from initrd.lz
vsftpd filezilla timout error
~ is $HOME, but sometimes?
How to use comma as tmux's prefix
Linux crashing my DD-WRT router
How to start process as a specific user on boot
zsh wants to correct vim to .vim
How to make progress dialog for Bash in XFCE?
Console based torrent client supporting magnet link?
How to add a torrent to a running rtorrent download?
What is the best rtorrent.rc config for seeding?
File in Ubuntu equivalent to /etc/inittab file in RedHat
Help fix corrupt GRUB
How can I tell if sshd is running with ClientAliveInterval > 0?
Clicking on Gtk apps menu bar kills mouse
GUI not working in Ubuntu 11.04 after removing some packages
Problem with pam_mount and sshfs
Auto-login to internet script
What is the buffers column in the output from free?
Do VirtualBox or VMWare use the Intel VT-d feature?
XeTeX problem on Debian-based distro
Change default applications used by gnome-open, exo-open, xdg-open, gvfs-open and kde-open
top output: cpu usage > 100%
Arch + LXDE + lxdm -> INIT: Id "x" respawning too fast: Disabled for 5 minutes
VirtualBox Hangs when installing freebsd 9.0
automate gnuplot plotting with bash
proper way to overwrite debian kernel modules
How to deliberately fragment a file
How can I get the netmask from an IP address?
Resuming screen with UTF8 enabled breaks character input
Can I configure things to open new windows on the left screen?
Disabling or changing console switching keys
Why does Linux allow ‘init=/bin/bash’?
how to deal with keyboard-greedy apps
How do you properly fork a Linux distro?
What should I teach in my Linux class?
How do I restart apache as non-root (using a git-hook)?
Non-distro specific, linux tweaking, hacking and learning support IRC
Saving files on lost focus in Vim
What program will save a fillable PDF?
Adding a user who can only execute scripts remotely
Looking for "Camera Mouse" for Linux
Linux kernel headers' organization
How to disable shutdown so that an important process cannot be interrupted?
">/dev/null 2>&1" in `if` statement
My laptop is not able to recover from suspend and hibernate
Why dialog doesn't support emacs shell on Debian?
Are there disadvantages in SSH tunneling?
What determines the path where the system searches for a file?
Installing Epson Stylus SX115 printer on Archlinux
Shell Prompt Customization?
Trying to Open a Port using CentOS
Ctrl+Alt+F8 meaning
Cannot set up screen panning in Ubuntu with xRandR which states that it cannot find the modes
Can I create a man page for a script?
How to print keypresses in .inputrc format?
How to remove an empty directory (btrfs filesystem)?
How to change mixing of channels by pulse audio / alsa
Is it a good idea to run freenas 8 (inside virtualbox) on a lamp server?
How to print keyboard shortcuts in human-readable form?
Configuring multiple static IP addresses for a disk image
Puppy frugal install Harddisk Grub Problem
xdg-open ignores my application definitions
Script to let the user cancel a shell logout
How to rename multiple files by removing the extension?
Utility for sending HTML mail with attachments to a long list of emails?
Incomplete factory update makes btrfs filesystem unusable?
Centos 6.2 static IP: only getting IPV6 address and need IPV4
Linux sort second last column
How to set up FreeBSD for my region?
Install MultiUpload Extension in MediaWiki
Does "persistence" slow down boot and shutdown on a USB linux?
tail program output to file in Linux
Deploy libs in hard-coded dir
Terminal change keys
How to make unused dependencies clean with yum?
Launch a GTK3 aplication without customized gtk settings?
Pause music while screen is locked
How to generate Zipf-like samples, by using scripting language
Add in `whois` servers
pacman could not find database
sort every field numerically, varying field counts
resolv.conf + PXE server + kickstart files
Can the nouveau Xorg driver be used for a multihead workstation?
Is there a better way to unlock a file than move and copy?
Increasing serial baud rate within Ubuntu under VirtualBox
Compiling and running linux test project
How to tell what type of filesystem you're on?
How do i get screen to execute/load .zprofile when starting a new window?
Running piped bash script in background
Configure a bridged Ethernet adapter in a VirtualBox guest running Scientific Linux
Which shell should I learn for FreeBSD and Debian?
Shell script output incorrectly splitting while being passed as an argument to script
Is there a command line spell to drop a column in a CSV-file?
Postgres 9.0 linux command to windows command conversion
Is the Solaris libc based on the GNU libc?
C++ compile in Arch Linux with no g++ package in repositories
Join, filling in missing key values
Clearing DNS Cache in Linux
How to disable password prompting for automatic updates on Red Hat
dm-crypt and LUKS password rotation
Which Linux distribution is suitable for serverside development and somewhat easy to use?
Is there a difference between sudo su - root and sudo -u root -H /bin/bash?
What is the difference between root and chroot?
Cheap thin client setup with Puppy linux?
What is the difference between : and true?
Recursively replace string in files
Automount cdrom when accessed via NFS
How does GNOME Shell Extensions work?
64-bit Linux doesn't recognize my RAM between 3 and 32 GB
How to properly unplug/plug removable LVM2 device?
Strange problem with synchronized clipboards
Bash Script Detects Key Down At Boot
How to configurate ganglia-monitor on a single debian machine?
Swap alt and windows key except when using an external keyboard
Is it possible to run ganglias gmetad and ganglia-monitor not demonized on debian?
Is there a command to see where a disk is mounted?
Recovery of data on raid5+lvm reiserfs partition, after raid5 problems
merge txt files with similar name
rpm and deb fileformat are blocked by my ISP. How to install software?
Using vim/gvim as editor for Thunderbird
Escape sequences in output of script called from ncurses application
How to check if `wget` supports a certain feature programmatically?
What is the smallest LVM2 logical volume unit?
Get input from editor (vim/nano/emacs/textmate?)
Is it possible to reference the most recently modified file in a command line argument?
iPod Nano 6G on Linux
Deduplication on partition level
CIFS vs SAMBA, What are the differences
is it possible to send the remote connector ip via netcat?
Partitioning for Web Servers
How to find out the file offset of an opened file?
How does one properly use the nautilus & command in a graphical SSH into debian 6.0.4?
Qemu terminating on signal x from pid xxxx
SSH, FTP, HTTP stopped working
Adding files to initrd makes linux not be able to read it
SSH asking for passphrase on public key with no passphrase set
LVM2: lvcreate -L - What does 's', 'S' suffix stand for?
Run expect inside a bash script as another user
playing a sound/notification in finch over ssh on my local machine
To what does the byte sequence in this kerneloops (syslogd@hostname) message refer?
Mount ubuntu one or similar web storage services without their clients
Backup of LVM2 logical volume
Is it possible to download a file locally when I've already ssh'ed into a remote computer?
rsync with absolute paths and excluding subpaths
Starting backintime at disk plug
Grep_color on mac
A tool that helps me to be sensible on permissions?
Correctly determining memory usage in Linux
Redirecting/grep'ing an existing shell's STDOUT
How does << work and what is it called?
How can ubuntu/truecrypt be configured so users can mount volumes if-and-only-if they have proper permissions on the mount-point?
Self contained VirtualBox VM
Move a logical volume from one volume group to another
permission reporting on sudoers
Is it possible to enable execution of files from a cifs mount in bash?
VMWare daemon doesn't startup when system starts
sort at jobs chronologically
Exploring RAM contents
How do I change the font size when using lp on Linux?
Are unix[-like] programs capable of determing where their output is going?
Can someone recommend a Linux Distro for purposes of just running a DNS?
How to link a folder to create a shortcut
Tuxcut -software in ubuntu
Trying to set JAVA_HOME in ~/.bashrc
Terminal Character Encoding Issue BitchX
What is the concept of Drives in Unix Systems?
Basic OS for Wireless Transmitting & Receiving
Finding Stalled or Failed Updates on System
Viewing .doc and .docx documents with MathType equations on Linux
How are you organizing your $HOME?
Is there an application to find similar documents?
diff - output line-numbers
HP-UX 9: Backup filesystem using tar
Build an Affordable Linux Tablet
Poor network performance from KVM virtual machine
Best practice when installing programs in FreeBSD?
Can an interupt be processed by software, without hardware support?
What is syscall-template.S?
No wireless in Archlinux Gnome3
LVM2: Obtaining lv and vg names from path (volume group name and logical volume name)
How to merge text of alphabetic lines with the numeric lines in shell?
How to restore a Fat32 filesystem under Linux
Fedora session / process startup issues
Good ways to host or distribute my patch for the Linux Kernel Mailing List
Script that checks and saves text to file
Low Cost, 2 Ethernet Ports & Runs Linux
Can I connect to Windows machine from Linux shell?
Mumble doesn't bind to network address on boot, needs to be restarted (doesn't properly wait for network?)
Add character to beginning and end of column
What is wrong with this "find all vim swap files and remove them with a confirmation" command?
How do I set up alpine to read local Unix generated mail
List of script( location)s that get run automatically, and when?
iptables on tor exit node
Configurations needed to be done post GCC compilation and installation
Running script before shutdown seemingly not working
How to change Firefox language?
Multiple subnets on multiple virtual interfaces with one physical interface
Way to determine where certain global parameter is configured
bash script with network request in pure lsb environment
UNIX move file name with sysdate
Decreasing hard drive sync time with Unison
Do I have duplicate packages?
Run a vim macro from inside a bash script
How can I check mnt location?
How much RAM can an application allocate on 64-bit x86 Linux systems?
Why can't I create a directory by full relative path argument?
Partitioning a 2tb drive
How to change Firefox icon shown on panel and menus?
Monit daemon interval setting...global or service-level?
Are the SSH manual pages wrong?
Iptables - modprobe: FATAL - Fail2ban random restarts
ldconfig not finding libprotobuf.so
How to enable `sudo` with custom functions?
How to configure the terminal so that a mouse click will move the cursor to the current mouse position
How to replace a symbolic link with a copy of a file it links to?
How to replace a symbolic link with an equivalent hard link?
Is it possible to have a screen macro for this?
How can I make the backspace key delete one character backwards in tcsh?
How can I copy/paste data to and from the Windows clipboard to an OpenSuse clipboard using VNC?
Libreoffice Writer, how to get read-only a document part
Some of the users login screen do not display colors
Centos apache virtual hosts definition
How big should the rootfs partition should be on Arch Linux?
Arch: Is "SigLevel = Never" the only convenient way?
How to troubleshoot a network adapter on an AIX 4.3.3 machine
script for logging all the stats for a particular process
Partitioning Ubuntu and Windows 7 once and for all
simple script rotating table
How can I pipe a path to pushd?
Is it possible to transfer files in a date range via FTP
Preventing program from using internet
How can I act on the results of the "locate" command?
Process Migration Scripting
What is the difference between a symlink and binding with fstab?
Can not use mail command
Reading passwords without showing on screen in Bash Scripts
iptable rule to redirect only https handshake?
Why did adding the Debian testing repository create so many package dependencies?
Is xinetd still the best method to let non root daemons listen on privileged ports?
Which Linux distro supports GNOME 3 by default?
Get process list with logical intersection of selectors?
Fast and Small C++ https proxy
Any other distro offer like Ubuntu Software Centre?
Setting up a minimal apt-get environment
Is there a faster alternative to pkg-config?
boot_archive file in solaris
Need explanation on Resident Set Size/Virtual Size
Kill all process of users in Ubuntu?
Print word that doesn't contain character
How do I add network or user source connection data to history entries?
Change default title bar icon
In Debian based systems, how do we purge configuration files of packages that have already been uninstalled?
Install new most recent python package in ubuntu?
Linux Mint 12 two finger scrolling
Linux Mint - Gnome Shell with dual monitor switch main screen
How to re-adjust content while resizing gnome-terminal?
Looking for resources: like C doc for reading files and their attributes? (On Linux)
Disk filename corruption
Are bsdutils, coreutils, and busybox all necessary in a Debian install?
Testing Scripts
Why does installing python-minimal package also grab the python package on Debian?
root can only login with bash restricted mode
Attach multiple times to a single screen session
How do I identify which Linux distro is running?
Installing openjdk-7-jdk does not update java (which is still version 1.6)
Accessing bash [internal] brace expansion iteration number/variable
Why 2 linux machine behave differently with command of the same syntax?
Why does sftp hide the log from stdout?
BackTrack 5 gui won't load after Installation
using logrorate with a complex logging directory
How to insert a line into text document right before line containing some text in bash?
Replace using VIM, reuse part of the search pattern
Set a callback for when a certain process is spawned
Removing supend and hibernate privileges
readline: unix-word-rubout, but backwards, is it possible?
using watch with ssh
Creating one-time cgroup
how to forbid a command without a permission
Centos Crontab not responding
How to search all subdirectories and their subdirectories for the occurence of a word using grep?
on puppy linux, how to manage power settings
Script using CURL to add information to site every month
Does "226 Transfer complete" guarantee the consistency between local and remote files when using ftp?
snmp/snmptrap support of ipv6
Replace variable read from a text file (so they can be interpreted)
How to combine two grep statements and display their results together?
AltGr key combinations through Qtnx 
Does epoll give available bytes to read or write, and threshold feature?
Generate a key (number?) based on part of the machine's hardware components
Turn a bash and php script into a distributable rpm
Command line audio - piping for simultaneous playback and recording
Cannot access to localhost with 127.0.0.1
How to configure mailx to support Gmail?
Linux I/O shared memory access
Replace whole line in a file from command-line
Enabling Compiz Viewport Switcher key bindings
init.exe: Caught segmentation fault, core dumped - what is the source of this error
Typescript -terminal recording into video?
Convert OGV video to GIF animation?
Is there a clipboard on non-GUI Ubuntu / Linux systems? Can I synchronize it with my local (OS X) clipboard?
How to create a snapshot of a physical disk?
Java on FreeBSD
QEMU-KVM and internal DHCP server
Quickly find which file(s) belongs to a specific inode number
Can't start X window because reporting can't find a valid framebuffer device
Use AWK add new line if match exists
Can conky float over maximized windows?
Run a sh file on machine boot up
UID mapping with rsync
Some applications cover my top bar in dwm
Eye-FI SD Card not working with inbuilt card reader
How do you extract a single folder from a large tar.gz archive?
Find all postgresql and mysql databases on a system
Host unreachable and I do not get why
Combining Awk with Curl
CentOS Apache virtual hosts sites-available type structure
Run xterm with login shell or not?
ls taking long time in small directory
In Emacs, editing C, sort-fields not working, or stating sole completion. Why?
What is the fastest way to view images from the terminal?
How should I start X after ssh'ing into a remote box?
Recompile Apache22 with threading seamlessly?
su vs sudo -s vs sudo -i vs sudo bash
How do I restore default owner of files in /var/ directory?
FTP over SSL in AIX (UNIX)
Headless Debian Server + Windows Clients + X11 Forwarding
Search for file permisions other than 755
ZSH %m prompt escape not working as documented under Debian Linux
Stuck at "Attached SCSI removable disk" trying to install Linux Mint
How can I force a bash loop to end if it runs x times in x seconds?
Creating recursively sorted RAR archive
Adding an ip to a routing table
How to define 'tab' delimiter with 'cut' in BASH?
Cannot execute command at GNU screen startup
Home key acting strange in bash (tty and X) on long input strings
Is there a way to lock terminal's title?
/sys/class/drm directory structure
Compiling software with the same options as a previous install
curl several files and save output in one file
Am I in the right direction for a linux os?
Lost window title bars and everything after selecting bad window theme in Linux Mint
How can I manage puppet.conf with Puppet?
Script that uses MySQL query to automatically remove output
Why is there a type for process ids (pid_t), but not for file descriptors (fd)?
How to handle custom debian packages version numbers?
How do I change the icon size and padding in the Gnome 3 upper panel on Linux Mint 12?
PXE boot chaining to hardcoded TFTP server?
Regular expressions with ExpectJ
confusing about PSS in /proc/pid/maps
Four tasks in parallel... how do I do that?
Activating Audio System in Arch Linux
Mutt: can I define my own rules for quoted message detection?
Installation Error: Kernel Panic - not syncing
Black screen when installing Fedora 16
Installing afpfs-ng from source
Is my USB hard disk dead?
How to make a mirror of Linux Mint package repository with debmirror?
VM benchmark tools?
Building a custom xbmc distro with ubuntu
My Firefox shortens names of the files I download
Does `make install` overwrite files?
Mouse cursor 'frame rate' is slow, but only when logged into my main account
NAND flash memory wear & virtual memory page swap
how to perform git push using crontab
Why does ls sorting ignore non-alphanumeric characters?
Free Matlab equivalent for Linux
how to specify the forwarding port when using multiple tsocks services?
Battery management - are there differences between distros?
Editing a file without overwrite permission
ZSH host name completion behaviour change?
How to check if an application is running with a bash script
Linker errors when compiling against glib...?
Can't Get Synaptics Touchpad Disabled
IPTABLES to block all outgoing connections except selected networks
ext4 used space (not -m option, not deleted files)
dag.repo overwritten
Is it possible to run vlc as root?
Making Fluxbox look pretty
What is a good X terminal not from a major window environment?
Eject USB drives / eject command
Light GUI user interfaces
Swap two columns in a CSV using SED
Cannot enter a forward slash character when logging in via ssh
How to direct bash network request through a socket5 proxy?
What is an effective method for installing up-to-date software on an out-dated production machine?
Can we use the exe files in RedHat 6 as we do in UBUNTU
Why does this awk command not play as well with find as sed does?
Linux on Lenovo Z575 - no display after installation
"nl80211: 'nl80211' generic netlink not found" when starting hostapd
How to perform grep on FTP?
openSUSE 12.1 x64: VNC presents "nobody's X11 desktop"
Longest common substring using grep
How to invoke root privileges from a password prompt of "Software Update" window?
Is there a drawback when using a chroot in high performance computing?
How can I create a file with multiple lines from the command-line?
Is this possible to customize auth.log about which key was used?
cron, every minute ram issues
Recursively search folder but exclude svn subfolder
What is a distro-agnostic way determine the OS install date?
How can I delete lines that has an empty first column?
FreeBSD source and how to build
What is the difference between $var and "$var"?
Can I list only specific subdirectories?
Manually setting environment variables for Metasploit
How are files laid out in ext2/ext3/ext4?
Ethernet Sniffing Embeded Device
Erasing HDD , re-write only headers , is that safe?
How can I activate the current session in ConsoleKit?
Start and monitor process with CRON
filesystem image mounted with lofiadm looks smaller than expected
How can I autostart GDM on Fedora 15?
Cross LFS - PPC - Error while compiling
How can I pass strings with single quotes to grep?
ls in glorious 256 colours
Why does (GNU?) parallel fail silently, and how do I fix it?
How do I convert a MKV file to H.264/AVC with a resolution of 640x360 using FFMPEG?
How to run Dropbox daemon in background?
Pushdown Terminal Output
How can I debug Apache, not starting upon boot
How can I write to dmesg from command line?
Debian: No internet connection on reboot
Why are these aliases failing?
installing radeon card under debian
Linux program running on Ubuntu machine but not on Unix webserver
second keyboard to run commands
How to know who accessed a file or if a file has 'access' monitor in linux
Search and replace with sed
Perform test of aes-ni and aes module in linux kernel
"tail -f | iconv -fsjis" does not output anything
How would I direct local(127.0.0.1) MySQL traffic to an external SQL server?
How do I prevent a program from playing sound?
360 degree scrolling with Apple Magic Mouse in Linux?
How to insert tab character in "dialog"?
what is inode for, in FreeBSD or Solaris
Where can PATH to Thunderbird be set in Ubuntu 10.04
Wait for Linux Mint 13 or install Linux Mint Debian version?
What's the currently recommended way to install node.js on Debian?
Accidentally deleted the partitions on my boot disk. The system is still running. How can I recover?
line count on all the PHP scripts within my webroot with wc
How to manually uninstall urllib, urllib2, requests python packages?
Using more command
How to limit all tcp traffic to the network interface the session was initiated on?
Gedit: syntax highlighting of echoing self-closing XHTML tags in JavaScript in PHP
Restoring an open file
Giving PHP permission to write to files and folders
Adding two default gateways in Debian interfaces file
stderr redirection not working in csh
Using Awk To Parse Individual Lines
PGP words of an RSA fingerprint
Opening files from Ubuntu server over ssh from Mac Terminal
How can I check the condition of an SD card?
Is it possible to customise the prompt to show the if there are any background jobs?
Using VIM, how do I remap directional keys from right hand to left hand?
What is the easiest way to execute text from tail at the command line?
Create multisession ISO image to burn on a remote CD
/etc/fedora-release shows wrong release
Running a command at startup
Most unix-like filesystem that can be mounted under windows and Mac OS X
ATI gamma correction, fglrx_xgamma not installed
GParted is Frozen
Encode with ffmpeg using avi to mp4
How can I save the Xterm configuration I set at runtime?
pull out a file named to ~
How to pkill from a script?
Can I mount NTFS flash drive on linux
How can I copy a folder structure from one server to another keeping the same owner and permissions?
Linux find and remove all symlinks relating to a directory
File size :size of content and what is seen different
How to change the prompt in Linux?
Why is zone.tab missing so many time zones?
Quick way to include a directory path when calling mv?
Cannot find config option "CONFIG_CRASH_DUMP" for kdump
How to diagnose a problem using a core dump?
Indent the middle of multiple lines
Why escape trivial characters in shell script?
lshw and lscpu disagree on caches - which is right?
remove oldest files
personal document management system
Recommended location of node.js applications in linux filesystem?
CentOS: Sharing WLAN for internet access
Variable substitution into a sed script
Is it possible to determine what is inside Debian package without installing it?
Calibrate LCD display in laptop?
Problem with find and variables
Change column width in an emacs Ibuffer on the fly
How do I get the MD5 sum of a directory's contents as one sum?
How to meet required dependencies in order to install expect pecl extension on Mac OS X?
Moving Data From Old System to New System via NFS Mount
Linux Boost compilation
What's the difference of dmesg output and /var/log/messages?
Video Conversion Tool in Debian 6?
Removing a long string from php files - using grep and sed?
What happened to my desktop?
Find files starting with ~$ (MicroSoft Word Temp files)
varnish configtest
Domain resolve problem with stock Debian
Why does octave give different results for 9 ^ 1/2 and 9 ^ 0.5?
Salvage files from ext3 filesystem with physical errors
Is there a way to monitor the temperature of CPU using lm_sensors?
What's the best strategy to catch mystery process?
Utility to easily extract archives
Remove many many many files from a folder
How do I install hgview on Ubuntu?
No sound with fresh Kubuntu install
See server desktop in tightVNC
Ffmpeg problems on centOS 5.8 64 bit
Awesome: keyboard layout switch
Out of range error on monitor after installing video card drivers
Creating an HTTPS tunnel
FreeBSD on ARM architecture?
Will yum remove mysql-server delete my databases?
autoconf save ./configure command line to config.h
Setting gnome themes inside xfce
How can you mirror the stdout of one terminal to another one?
SSH tunnel: "channel x: will not send data after close"
grant permission in linux
Renaming a bunch of files but keeping the number part
How to make tmux count windows starting from 1 instead of 0?
How does this shell command work?
How can we change root password?
How to disable tmpfs on /media in openSUSE?
How to log to file and to console
wired connection not working under Ubuntu 10.04
Restore from wastebasket shortcut?
Verify if a system has DVD burners?
creating custom mount point in / for a file system
Specifying outgoing interface for SSH tunnel
Dynamically changing the proxy server for all outgoing traffic
Is there parallel wget? Something like fping but only for downloading?
XFS vs Ext4 vs Others - which file system is stable, reliable, for long run such as 24/7 case
How to switch "/" back to writable mode without reboot?
How to use a password as an external variable in shell?
Photoshop CS5 in Fedora 15
rsync giving "Directory has vanished" when there are multiple (existing) source directories
UDF and fstab (no UUID)
Filesystem for Gentoo root?
How to act on output from a failed command
Broadcom wireless card in with Fedora 16
Shell script to detect PDFs with non-ASCII contents
How can I get this java command to act on each file found by a find command?
command like wc but with tee behaviour
List of available fonts with samples
mdadm raid0 with disks of different size?
How can I configure /etc/hosts file to point to apache web server?
USB 3G Modem for embedded Linux?
Joli OS on ARM devices
Can I configure XFCE terminal the way to open all the new terminals as tabs of one window?
Memory Stick Partially Corrupt 
How can I change 'change' date of file?
Tiny font on Fedora 16
Notification out of screen
Substituting the first occurrence of a pattern in a line, for all the lines in a file with sed
Windows host shares doesn't get mount when I boot into Linux guest in vmware?
Errors when loading terminal
arping equivalent for IPv6
can we know the password for the other users if we have root access?
caching a master passphrase on a linux server
ssh: "Error reading response length from authentication socket"
Linux - get shared memory values from Perl script
Zsh — more intelligent autocorrection
proper permissions under HTTP root with Apache2 + FastCGI + Suexec
Mint 12, workspaces and two screens
Thunar file manager: Sort by column keyboard shortcut?
Linux Home Firewall
Why does boot fail with my custom kernel at the mknod step?
How to expire a password? (For inital account creation)
Bash globbing hidden files
What's the "Unix way" for a CLI app to report no arguments specified?
Bringing up an interface does not add default gateway to the routing table in Ubuntu
Gnome Terminal won't autocomplete
How can I delete a hidden folder?
How to configure sudoers to allow running sudo command under other group and user name?
How do I set up a .emacs initialization file?
Finding the current speaker volume (signal strength)
hunspell: add word to dictionary from command line
listen to two IPs for hosting 2 websites with SSL
Emacs + whitespace: ignoring 'normal' spaces
Fedora list all packages not in a "clean" install
User associated with a socket
Find alternative for Debian 5 to work with big files
vimrc mapping line numbers
How to resize ext3 image files
Why read works if stdin is redirected to fd4?
Extend the scrollable content of gnu-screen?
Vim visual mode to system clipboard?
*ix based Morphing software?
How do you prevent user from opening a program?
Understanding output of ps -ef on linux
Using Putty/plink to scp to a named pipe
32 bit appplication on 64 bit linux not working
sed substitution matches too many inputs
Actkbd as service with systemd
List of available command options?
Is there a way to undo the 'cpp' command in terminal?
Why the inode value of shadow file changes?
No networking for Centos under VirtualBox
How to list all unique ip address currently connected to a specific port?
POSIX conformance: NetBSD 5.1 <sys/time.h> gettimeofday declaration
What are the benefits of the new teaming driver?
Execute a command on multiple hosts, but only print command if it is successful?
Change $TERMINFO in bashrc script
unable to install rpm packages in gnome3 (openSUSE 12.1)
How to know reason of a process going to sleep state and wake it up?
Editing Adobe PageMaker (.pmd) files in debian
pdf viewer for command line only
How to see output of a running program over ssh
Pacman Full system upgrade failure
Download list of files if they don't already exist
Logfiles for non terminating processes
How to stop bash replacing commands in history with asterisks ? (‘*’)
Why using rpm if there's yum?
How to run programs with arguments like 'arg=val' (e.g. dd) in rc shell (Linux version ported from Plan9 OS)?
How to set umask for a system-user?
How to see complete list of processes in top
repeat twice each couple of strings in a for cycle
loop to paste specific files in different directories
How to skip file in sed if it contains regex?
HDCP Software Implementation
Why are my drives referred to as '(hda0,msdos5)' etc in grub instead of (hda0,5), (hda0,sda5) etc that you usually see?
CentOS eth0 not starting
Force to use specific DNS provider at network
D-Link Wireless N 150 USB Adapter on Ubuntu
In which log should I check for udev errors?
Vim interface on web browser input fields?
How to crop a particular part of a YouTube video clip?
Can I read and write to the same file in Linux without overwriting it?
How to grab the audio channel from an MP4 video file into a separate audio file?
Canon iP3600 under Scientific Linux
How can I configure OpenBox session for opening files by mime type?
Can I build a linux distro with libc instead of glibc
About the command and the number in the man
How do I prevent programs from sniffing keystrokes to su/gksu?
Remapping Caps Lock with xmodmap doesn't work
sourcing a file inside a script
Meanings of the columns in "last" command
How do I install Ubuntu from Suse?
Why do some characters show as squares in Chrome?
The TIME field in ps -ef
Remove a directory level from a website URL
CLI & Markup language
How can I resolve a stale nfs handle?
Functional shell scripting
How to update MOTD regularly?
How to print the next crontab tasks to be executed?
Strange errors when using ffmpeg in a loop
Scan for Network attached devices
Why does the setxkbmap compose key mess with other keys?
How to set separate global/user keyboard settings in LXDE?
How can I identify processes that use network facilities, and can they be killed?
symbolic link to a directory and relative path
Using the apt package manager refuse an update for a specific package
Custom title in PDF files when using ps2pdf
Memory Management: Faulting virtual addresses
Information about the 1630/master app
How to add boot parameters in arch linux
Fedora Failed to get D-Bus connection
Mutt silently failing when trying to send an e-mail from command line
Dynamic linker "no version information available"
What is parallel memory allocation?
Git based package manager/installer for Linux
Forcing Skype window resize (under Gnome)
Compling KUTE traffic generator 1.4 on Fedora Core 5
fedora can't find mysql service
pipe and log STDOUT at the same time
LightDM shows a black screen in my Arch Guest VM
What does "Invalid argument" mean in Solaris?
How to create a confirmation question in Linux?
Change password in headless mode
How to properly and easy configure `xdg-open` without any environment?
G3 Usb Modem Huawei E1550 did not work after unplug (NetworkManager)
Extract dates from /etc/shadow
Protect files from `rm -f`
Get newest gcc for debian?
Edit Application Menu in Fedora 16 XFCE?
Completely disable the menu when I right click on the desktop (LXDE, Openbox, Ubuntu)
xkb: `ctrl:swapcaps` option messes with the escape key
Why does Emacs make it difficult for me to have two frames open the same buffer?
How portable are /dev/stdin, /dev/stdout and /dev/stderr?
Fedora 16: run a binary after automatic login?
Finding Writeable Remaining Space
Registering a Standalong app in the Application Launcher of KDE
Dual boot Fedora 16 with OS X refit
How to reset KDE wallet password in linux?
How to set name to localhost in fedora15?
How to remove the "Received: from" from an e-mails source?
Linux Mint does not shut down
Is there a better alternative to sudoedit?
Install Backtrack 5 r2 into running LUKS setup installed with ubuntu
Accidentally set screen resolution too high, it won't change back
X11 forwarding through SSH
How do I set up the SELinux sandbox in Debian?
Keyboard only desktop environment
How can I find a memory leak of a running process?
Installing basic OS on a server without console
Upload file over ssh and execute command on the remote machine
Substituting strings in a very large file
why inode value changes when we edit in "vi" editor?
NFS different uig/gid on hosts
Why am I not able to login directly using SSH
Unable to connect to wifi on Linux Mint
router latency measured by tcpdump increases
How do I prevent GNOME suspending while I finish a compilation job
No home directory, logging in with HOME=/
gnuplot 'with lines' produces unwanted "boxes"
Superblock corruption on every boot
Indexed archive format?
mbcache documentation
QEMU do not start when executed in background inside shell script
Writing To Disk Before Install
swapping fields in columns by fixed pattern (yes, no, no, yes)
Where does plink (from Putty package) search for remote commands?
Force grub to accept windows installation
Using a secondary DNS when lookup fails in primary?
using lines of output as an array in bash
Is there a way to find out which webpages are being accessed by clients on a UNIX webserver?
Suddenly I have troubles plotting with python
Generating a Linux executable with Mono with mkbundle
Format of cookies when using wget?
install RPM packages using perl
log remote X session from ssh (PuTTY)
Is there any simple way to change one line in a lot of files?
Why am I still getting a password prompt with ssh with public key authentication?
Invoking cp from within BASH and using the -u option
Unabled to get rid of BIND 9 chroot
How can I expand a relative path at the command line, with tab completion?
configure dhcp client without accepting nameserver entries
Does a remote system accessed with SSH have a system clipboard?
End of lines problem in emacs when editing markdown texts via It's All Text
Locate enscript reported non-printable chars
Route incoming network requests for a given port to different applications
Run script when specific users logout
How to grep for a single quote?
Change screen resolution in Fedora 16
nmap isn't showing sshd?
Setting locale for user
Can't SSH into Any Server
How can I look up a username by id in linux?
List only temporary aliases in bash
Unable to kill sar process
command OR script to detect vpn connection status
Shell script how to read input from a file
Is it possible to redirect X of an ssh session to the display of a connected vncviewer
How to reorder a large number of columns?
How to telnet via proxy authentication?
file, awk and iconv to automatically adapt tex-file encoding
Move huge number of files into date structured directory order
"mount -t TYPE /" - how to know that what could the "TYPE" be?
Streaming to an Apple TV (3) from Linux
Envirnment variables for packages built in custom location
Where are "headers" for other languages kept?
exclude commands from user's sudo permissions
No Video Output with DVI to VGA converter
Untar directory from large tarball
How can you determine which process scheduler is being used?
Printing files as PDF with syntax highlighting via terminal
SSH server timing out localhost and reassigning breaks X11 output
Why doesn't Ruby's configure script detect my executables and header files?
dig returns different IP address when dropping the "www." from domain name
RedHat Linux Space Usage Problem
Getting the password expire time
How can I resolve the "invalid ELF header" warning when trying to SSH and what does it mean?
qemu-kvm savevm very slow
Have shotwell go through pictures in directory in order?
Why the default eth0 interface is down by default on CentOS?
Ctrl-Alt-F1 to F6 work differently for left and right sides of the keyboard
How can I upgrade pip on Ubuntu 10.04? 
What can I use to monitor and log incoming/outgoing traffic to/from remote hosts?
Can't view Chinese chars in evince or xpdf
Repeat the nth last command in vim
Can't mkdir /root (btrfs)
Identifying kernel modules
What is the usage of pattern before substitute command in sed
My debian-menu.xml is missing
Is there a way to detect null bytes (␀, NUL, \0) in sed?
Disable autoscrolling in gnome 3.4
When to use a semi-colon between environment variables and a command
Display all network interfaces on Solaris
How to make a program/process a service ?
Why are parameters to Bash's builtin optional?
Why are parameters to Bash's `command` and `type` optional?
Mount Windows phone as a removable device
How to enable dual booting option at boot screen?
Multiply certain numbers in a text -file by certain constant
Where is the system profile that gets sourced at login on CentOS 5.8?
using stat to provide timestamp for touch
Get a progress indicator when importing MySQL databases
How to create a single page PDF file out of multiple EPS files with GhostScript
To display the selected part in line of text file
How to configure SSL in apache?
Where does GCC look for its internal executables?
Delete repeated words between brackets inline
“crash” when switching users in Linux Mint 12
find & sed (search and replace)
/ readonly on boot, but don't see why. how to investigate and fix?
Sync with a Directory Listing of Web Server
Which users are allowed to log in via SSH by default?
MySQL gets killed by OS every 25 days or so
How can I do NFSv4 UID mapping across systems with UID mismatches?
Find out network traffic per IP
Is it a good idea to supplement shell script with perl purely for use of regex?
How can I fake sending -time when sending email with Mutt?
How to install patterns and packages at the same time?
When would I use FBDEV vs DRM vs DSS?
Installing pfSense firewall on an SSD
Why isn't Red Hat Enterprise Linux Desktop free?
Why is number of open files limited in Linux?
How to configure network profiles in Centos?
Backup from remote server
Complete only at the beginning of the word
Qmake not working in a mounted smb dir
How do I define a samba share so that every user can only see its own home?
How can I split Openbox `rc.xml` into multiple files?
Change the color of the file name text
Ubuntu automatically connects to a wireless network when its already connected by eth0 to the same network
How can I hide the command list in Alpine?
How can I reset or lower the serial used in BIND DNS server's SOA record?
What's the purpose of `rm -P`?
Where should a local executable be placed?
How to check/test .tar.bz archives?
XTerm not closing using -e option
Why is it possible to leave CHROOT with this sftp config?
Sending HTML with Mutt (or another terminal mail client)
VIM -Change waiting time for combined key maps
Is there a way to make the history when pressing up in bash shared between shells?
scp: localhost password not accepted
linux multiple internet connections load balancing with fail handling
Hewlett-Packard ScanJet 2200c on Scientific Linux 6.1 64bit
bash readline: Key binding that executes an external command
Drop a specific file from the Linux filesystem cache?
Installing centos server in a virtual machine
Locate disk in SAS enclosure
Why do most distros (other than Debian) recommend/require a full reinstall when upgrading to a new version?
Keyboard Shortcut To Send Text Strings To Program
Guake throws an error on startup
Keeping track of the latest releases
How can I extend the wait time for the watch command beyond 4200 or so seconds?
Is there any option in wget to get the referers or parent of a link that are crawled by wget
Volume on Linux much lower than on Windows
CUPS compilation fails on Cygwin
Start a GNU screen window in the background/without focus
Linux kernel 3.3 power regression
Addition with 'sed'
regex replace text in xml file within node from the command line
ls behaves differently under strace
/lib/modules/2.6.37.6/build missing in linux puppy? what should I do?
FTP files from one remote server to another
Send a fax via SIP
How do you install mutt on Mac OS X?
Is there any way to set Mac OS X to use xinetd instead of launchd?
Run a given command on every subpath of a long path
Gnome3/Archlinux move windows with keys?
Archlinux bluetile failed to install "glade"
Can I set up system mail to use an external SMTP server?
How to set default printer settings without driver
ndiswrapper wireless driver does not connect to detected Wifi network
Can't change keyboard settings on Fedora 16
Media server RAID difficulties (on FreeNAS)
Best file system for removable media
substituting third occurrence of a pattern using sed
When to mount /tmp (and other temporary directories)
How to convert Windows 7 partitions to qcow2?
How reliable of using "nameofmychoice="anyname""
Open PDF previewer width specific size and position and "always on top" from command line
My default browser is set to Firefox but links open with Chromium
Test effective permissions of file for user
What happens for the last line when using N command with sed
Downgrade Gnome 3 to Gnome 2
About to replace windows with Ubuntu 11.10. Will this cause any problems?
Daemon file access denied while it shouldn't
Copy paste problem on KDE
command line audio with mpg123 - how to save position in audio and begin from that location next time?
OpenSSH, chroot user: Root needs to own the user directory, is there any consequence?
How to open a port early in boot process to unlock LUKS via SSH
Analyzing the behavior of a threaded program
How to completely hide stuff from a user?
Symlinks and EncFS
PCI passthrough without VT-d
How to delete files filtered out by awk
Debian "sid"/Gnome: bash + browser cursor blink
Asus X101H - Touchpad not recognized (want to disable while typing)
In KDE, how can I create a custom keyboard shortcut that prints the current date?
need to my server's ip changes when it needs to connect port 'x' on ip 'y'
Which are the standard commands available in every Linux based distribution?
How do I set mouse double click speed in Lubuntu
What is the difference between "&&" and ";" when chaining commands
Linux, fat32 and etc/fstab
Vim freezes for a short time
Installing driver on Debian Squeeze laptop
Dual booting on a Macbook Pro 7,1.
How to sort a Diary?
Unique file name for different files
Install Cinnamon on Debian
How to install Aurora (Firefox) on Debian?
Running shell commands in .sh file results to error
How to display server's TLS certicicate details in terminal?
Why is this scp command creating a directory one level up?
Spawn 6 windows in 2 rows in the i3 window manager
If I change permissions on a tar file, will that apply to the files inside it?
AIX 6.1 starting xhost + from inittab at the boot time
Non-KDE alternative to KNotes?
Find which files are affected by bad blocks on ext4 filesystem
For each subfolder, sort files by name and rename them to sequential padded numbers (regardless of extension)
VirtualBox: two network interfaces (NAT and host-only ones) in a Debian guest on Ubuntu
Create MySQL database name using variable from date
concatenate two files without adding a newline
GVim compiled from source does not use gtk2
Load command parameters from upper level file
unrar part of a multipart rar file
Fork bomb on a Mac?
How can I disable terminal resizing
SSH and home directory permissions
Unable to use -o allow_other with sshfs (option enabled in fuse.conf)
Having trouble with packets not making it into Fedora 16 Apache
printing a string's "canonical print-escaped form"
terminal: non-english characters
cd by just typing the directory's name?
Sendmail configuration with user mapping on Solaris
Fedora 16 strange /tmp permissions: mysqld will not start
how to run shell on a remote server with root priviledge
Why is the default umask value for useradd in openSUSE set to 022?
How ignore PATH with `source` completion
stopping harddisk spin-down on Asus EEE 1015PX (and other eee's as well)
“error: no such device” at boot in Ubuntu Server 11.10 with Raid1
Hyperthread and processors Clock, Size, and Capacity
Build a module from another kernel
What are some good profiling tools for Linux?
How to install emerald package on Mint?
How to really easily save all tagged attachments in mutt?
PulseAudio cannot open shared library
Finding files that use the most disk space
Isolating cause of higher CPU usage on RHEL 6 vs RHEL 5
What does @ sign mean in 'ls' output on Mac OSX Lion terminal?
Mount Google Drive in Linux?
Allowing an entire subnet on Ubuntu server 11.10
How to copy an installed application to another computer that lacks the build tools?
Choosing the right distribution for learning and hosting web apps
Configure vim's :make to switch or open tabs on error
Refresh/reload active browser tab from command line?
Is it possible to redirect system-beeps to the normal audio?
Change font in echo command
How to get networkmanager to configure domain specific name servers with openresolv + dnsmasq
Reload xserver-xorg-input-mouse
console space eaten up by file contents
Location on disk to write a byte-flag?
How do I create a ZIP archive that preserves only the structure of the target directory and below?
Configure & Compile syslog-ng from source, got: Threads are not supported on this platform
Booting Laptop with external monitor stalls
Check & filter outgoing mails in Postfix
how to include a new file into a patch
How to start a windows partition from the Grub command line?
Grow/resize RAID when upgrading visible size of disks
How does sudo remember you already entered root's password?
Does the linux kernel (specifically 2.6 onwards) have any recursive function?
Using awk to process ls output with spaces in filenames/paths
Can I write control characters to someone else's terminal?
How do I grep for multiple patterns with pattern having a pipe character?
kexec from within initramfs
How to increase the timer before drive spins-down?
Efficiently delete large directory containing thousands of files
How to detect SLES version?
Does restarting of Display Manager (e.g lightdm) restart X server as well?
Why does my thumb drive go into read-only mode after a while?
How do I remove multiple files with a common prefix and suffix?
Recursively rename subdirectories that match a regex
How do I transfer multiple files with a common suffix and prefix using an offset?
Linux security vulnerabilities?
sed pattern matching
Alt-Left on OSX to behave like Alt-Left on Ubuntu
Connected external HDD slows down system
How can I get entries for a given time period from a 400MB+ log file?
How to restart mono web application without restarting apache?
Bash prompt when my home directory is a symbolic link
Recursive grep for words in a particular file type
How to reload a background process?
Achieving full resolution with PowerVR SGX454 on Ubuntu 12.04
High CPU usage with CFS?
Reverse DNS lookups slowing down network operations on LAN
Netboot - How to set a static IP
xfs quota not reliable
Learning how to build my own linux kernel
Gnome update-notifier doesn't show updates when user not in sudo group (Debian Squeeze)
Multiline shell script comments - how does this work?
How do I shut down ports remotely without shutting myself out?
`$RANDOM` is not random within `find`'s `-exec`
How to install StackApplet on Fedora 16?
How does "Remote tab title format" in Konsole work?
How to install OpenSuse 11.4 through an ISO without burning it to a DVD?
Terminal - display too small to run menuconfig?
Arch Linux , mount disks with thunar , without password
Optimize command yum
How to set secure permissions for multiple users and multiple websites?
Emacs shortcuts in term mode
Should you run automatic updates
issues with GNU tail -f and combination of commands
VirtualBox guest using Bridged networking unable to obtain DHCP address
Is there a difference of stability between Linux distros?
Renaming files works, but soft links point to the old names. How can I fix that?
Sort fields inline
What is the utility of the : command in shell scripting, given that it explicitly does nothing?
Throttling web crawlers
Is there a way to get the filename (or title) of a completed print job?
Customize Emacs Ruby Mode for PuppetLabs conifguration
When using btrfs, why "Size", "Used" and "Avail" values from df do not match?
Linux Distribution for bioinformatics?
Suggest me a distro "beetwen debian and ubuntu"?
Is Oracle Linux feasible for a desktop?
Create Logical Volume Snapshot at boot and before mount
find usage - command line vs script
Using ACLs over read only/remote filesystem
What does ":>" do here?
In what order do piped commands run?
How to sed only that lines that contains given string?
Xen domU fails to start with kernel panic
Terminal logging via putty on AIX (including smitty)
Kernel 3.3.2-6.fc16.x86_64 broadcom wireless not appearing
Determine current shell name
How can one switch to ttyX in virtualbox?
vsftpd fails pam authentication
Personal Drawing Board
How to install daemontools on ubuntu or debian from source
Qt based apps have wrong encoding?
Fresh Linux (Debian and CentOS) installation will not boot
xfce4 netload plugin, monitor on all interfaces?
dd copies more data than exists in .img?
amd64 or i386? VirtualBox can't start client VM
Edit and recompile individual program
sda and sdb block specials point to same device and get mixed up (hardware RAID doesn't work after new installation of 12.04)
How to configure a filesystem+LVM for effective usage of SSD?
Archlinux: modprobe: invalid option -- 'l'
Finding program name by wildcard pattern
How to format a curl command for a special task?
Where can I find the historical source code of the Linux sources
Configuring networked printer to archive print jobs
How much can the space allocated for an LVM snapshot be reduced?
Enabling apt repository priority in LMDE
32 or 64 bit class file
Is there a global grep.conf in Unix/Linux?
How to configure CentOS 6 as a Proxy Server
Configuring network settings manually in Qubes OS
Is there a reverse of yank-last-arg/insert-last-argument?
recover mysql databases after reinstall debian
Linux workstations intermittently lose internet connections
How to install tarball packages on a Debian based distribution?
Any tool for inspecting GTK3 elements?
Delete files of certain size range
Can a linux user change their password without knowing the current password?
is it safe to backup ext4 partition with partimage , which is detected as a ext3 partition
Can I disable dead keys for a single application?
How to run mutt via ssh without going through an interactive shell
Fdisk partition alignment, NAND, not showing specified heads
Escape text for further passing to zenity
"Remote function call interrupts" (CAL in /proc interrupts). What is it?
How can I force a tap/tun interface into the running state?
Order of redirections
Accidentally formatted Ubuntu partition to NTFS. Recover?
Understanding different fields of output of sensors
How to enable right click on desktop? (Linux Mint 12 LXDE)
Linux Mint 12 on HP Pavillion DV7 - Wireless is not working
Compile all tex files in a directory
Get "date" to understand a timestamp phrase of a different language
Insert multiline text into several files via commandline
How to increase Xen guest CPU utilization?
How to enable tab completion of  wildcards in bash?
Why do Unix-like systems execute a new process when calling a new function?
Is disabling barriers for ext4 safe on a laptop with battery?
How to disable autocompletion for sudo ...?
How to encode huge FLAC files into MP3 and other files like AAC?
How to disable autocorrection for sudo [command] in zsh?
Do I need to format a CF before installing Linux?
chroot fails with --userspec when chroot is i686
Why doesn't ctrl+d work with this?
Using gdm to manage xdmcp authentication over VNC
Best Disk Partitioning Scheme for a Linux-based Developer Machine
Permissions/ownership of /usr/local/bin
Solving Ethernet watchdog timer deadlocks
How can I reserve a block of memory from the Linux kernel?
How do I tell if a Wine application uses hardware or software rendering?
DHCP server: offer different subnet addresses for different interfaces
Split a physical X display into two virtual displays?
Xorg hangs before login screen
escaping a single dot with double backslash - awk
Any way to recover list of open terminal tabs/windows before my system went down unexpectedly?
Arch Linux system borked after update
Syslinux , what does '--' do?
Route and "e" flag
xinerama, 2 cards, 3 monitors
I accidentally deleted the sudoers file on Mac OS X; is there any way to recover it?
mounting to non-empty directory, then later deleting original files
How can I run my own scripts in kate 3.8.2? "External tools" isn't available in the plugins section
When is using ~+ useful?
Why doesn't `echo abc^H` just print `ab`?
Recover many files using ntfsundelete
Multiple monitors as cloned desktop windows
How can I rewrite the From: address of an email and resend it?
How do I boot from a liveusb using qemu-kvm?
find command in cygwin giving parameter format not correct
How do I run a windows executable in linux shell script?
How do I delete the first n lines of an ascii file using shell commands?
What is a simple way to schedule a single event to happen at some time in the future?
Append line to many files
How to get exact file size and file name?
Make effective the changes in CPU governor plugin
GNOME Shell - display path of files in Activities window
How to detect the command interpreter from within a shell script?
Add blinking network-monitor icon to GNOME / XFCE
Automate file transfer from Windows to Unix
How to get a list all the "aliases" of a file (including of type directory) efficiently?
Where can I find storage integrity (write/read) test tools?
AWK - change the file name (special characters)
Fedora 7 server export in .bashrc not getting set
How do character device or character special files work?
Error with fetchmail and SSL certificates
Resolve missing package dependencies when trying to install octave
Keyboard Fn problem on  Samsung netbook
Install CentOS from hard drive - kernel panic
User authentication over Dante proxy server
Swap Utilization Increase with Oracle Coherence
Set process exclusivity in Linux
Choosing Linux Distro for PostgreSQL
KUbuntu 10.04 / Dolphin File Manager: Is there a way to make .desktop files display the filename the same as the NAME= in the metadata?
VirtualBox networking host-only: Linux host XP Guest
Using cp, what is the difference between copying to DEST and DIRECTORY?
Pamd not mounting ecryptfs disk anymore since upgrade
SSH into Ubuntu VM remotely
How to solve "building the main Guest Additions module Failed"
No syntax coloring in vim for me, but ok for my students
How to find the total number of occurrences of text and files with find command
How to add a line to a file which has only root write permission and to continue the script execution
Why can't ld find this library?
Why do Mono applications only start from their own directory?
How to copy with SCP between two servers using key auth?
Run a program when start an activity
Run a script after lid is opened
Nice and child processes
Do IPTABLE rules apply to other devices on a network?
gparted live CD can't resize a partition?
How to change the default line length for od and hexdump
Repackaging a Debian package
Is more or find more resource intensive in finding the number of times an item lists in a file?
How do I execute a remote shell script over SSH and be prompted for passwords by commands that require it in that script?
Trying to create a cron to Rsync then tar the folder
Why do I get error 255 when returning -1
match files based on an md5 using find
How to prevent the auto creation of the "Desktop" folder?
How do I detect whether changes in nano were discarded or saved?
Difference between bootable and non-bootable partitions
Regarding separate a single file into multiple files according to line separation
How to fix "ambiguous package name 'libglib2.0-0'" problem?
Email sent from web server using PHP does not arrive
How can I set these permissions?
Interpreting output from iostat
Deleting files by age
Deciding on a font, and determining the proper notation
Run script as root under Busybox?
Can I prevent "Disable touchpad while typing" from affecting mouse movements?
Disable direct login for normal users (like oracle) in linux but allow scp and sftp?
Is chmod behavior wrong for symlinks?
Route VPN gateway traffic via tun0 instead of normal gateway
/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lfl
set baud speed for tty
Nested lists in man page
Auto-switch to wifi
Partition mounted noexec even though not specified in /etc/fstab
LILO vga option
Use WINDOWS key instead of ALT key in xmonad
Is there a way to determine when a binary was compiled or installed?
Is there a small, lightweight application to have desktop icons like on Windows?
Is there a way to get anti-aliased icons in X, running Linux?
How to convert dd disk image to Clonezilla?
Poor TTY resolution with nVidia driver
do my advanced filesystem partitions have problems?
cpufreq-set -g performance doesn't work on arch linux
build-dep firefox not working on Linux Mint
Solaris "clean" group files (or for that matter any text file)
How to get nano to work properly under mutt?
File name encoding wrong in KDE, but correct in GTK/tty1/
Removing apostrophe from all file names
Execute a script as root at boot on Fedora 15/16
Search through kernel make menuconfig configuration menu entries
Binding lsmod module name with kernel configuration menu entry
How to ensure users can’t login to the system except with FTP?
Understanding tc qdisc and iperf
SOCKS proxy without ssh command
How do I generate a list of the characters occurring before a certain character only in lines that contain another certain character using regex?
What is and how to use PS1 \#
Batch copying/moving files in unix?
How to check downloaded package on OpenBSD 5.1?
How to resize an LVM partition at the beginning
Size of data that can be written to / read from sockets
How to run a job every 6 hours starting at 3:00 using runwhen
How to remove all the panels in XFCE?
Where does Debian store network connectivity history?
How to get green/red terminals under OpenBSD?
Setting up a user for sftp acces into a sub directory of another users home directory
How to get the public key from sshd server without touching the known_hosts file?
UTF 8 filenames?
Compiz in Arch Linux, no window title available?
Use imagemagick to convert opaque color to alpha
Is there a command in Linux to query a hostname from WINS server
How can I save the last command to a file?
Detect pattern repetition in a file
How to preload my .so every time an application executes?
Remove files older than 5 days in UNIX (date in file name, not timestamp)
Is there is tool similar to ShiftIt on OS X?
Resolving unmet installation dependencies; file system problems
Have Samba "proxy" for another server?
Does bash have a built in caching command available (sort of like mktemp or sponge)?
Can unformatted partitions have UUIDs?
Are there any Linux distributions specifically designed for netbooks?
Why does tar --exclude=".*" create an empty archive?
What is gvfs and why should I want it on my system?
Mail Dispatcher Agent: Could not access the outbox folder (Unknow error. (Failed to fetch the resource collection.))
Scrolling in Touchpad doesn't work on Acer Aspire S3
Ethernet NIC power usage on laptop?
How can I uniquely identify which device is on USB `hub 6-0:1.0: port 2`?
"Destination Host Unreachable" when pinging wireless router
How can I make git status --short be the default
Why doesn't this Hello World X11 code run on NetBSD?
How i create application B that would be able to communicate with running application A?
Avoid display blanking under X
Give user permissions to all files and folders
How to configure Syslinux to load the kernel images from a different partition or disk?
Why does xargs strip quotes from input?
How to parse a file to extract 3 digits numbers kept in a "group number"
Sendmail/procmail/Exchange truncating mail
Color terminal under USS
“Grep-ing” from A to B in hexdump's output
How can I force unzip / zip not to create a subdirectory when I extract it?
Where can I find documentation about the "sudo !!" command
Create partition aligned using parted
Pulseaudio, Phonon, KDE and forwarding sound to headset
How can I configure Yast to switch languages completely?
Are all bash scripts compatible with `zsh`?
Difference between Login Shell and Non-Login Shell?
How to check dependencies of a package under OpenBSD?
How to disable IPv6 on OpenBSD?
VIM jump from one xml tag to the closing one
debian dead when copy over 1GB
Is it normal for a integrated intel video card to have such low fps?
Terminal 256 colors don't work through Tmux
Can I Xmodmap only a specific device?
Can two application share library loaded at runtime?
DNS Issues on RHEL 6
GTK+3 config Arch/LXDE
KSH styling text based menu  using STDERR
fetchmail to log complete messages AND pass to mda
How to capture images transferred via HTTP?
how to setup virtual box guest additions (drivers) on systemd system (exherbo)
change environment of a running process
Fedora 14 command line: assign folder permissions
How to get the hostname along with the domain name?
Difference between /etc/init.d/networking restart and invoke-rc.d networking restart
How to run xrestop remotely?
DD-WRT and /bin folder permission
SMTP Auth - SASL on Dovecot, Postfix and CentOS 6.2 (and Open-Xchange)
OpenSUSE version of arandr
Convert to postscript format using the Backend command before sending to a printer
Logging hidden file creations
Why does the i386 version of software get installed on an x86_64 system?
udev randomly mixing up ethernet devices on Debian Squeeze
ipsec auto --status fails in cronjob
Can't set brightness of screen Acer Aspire S3
NFS Option Reload without Service Restart
What causes ln: //: Is a directory?
What happens if a cron script tries to copy a directory at the same time as another process is writing to it?
Commands for Auditing Installed Software
What is a reliable way to automate FTP upload of 'the newest file in directory X'?
Difference between Oracle VM and Citrix XEN?
Is it possible to create a directory and file inside /proc/sys?
VMware Tools repo
Unable to resolve hostname
Why `paste file1 file2 > file1` will replace content of file 1 with that of file2?
Mimo 2G USB Monitor and cheap computer (Raspberry Pi?)
Don't create partition schema in external devices
SLiM not working in Arch Linux with Gnome
Creating an arbitrarily large "fake" file
How to replace text after the cursor location in VIM
Replacement in VIM with regular expression matched part unchanged
Constantly pinging a server
No yum repos on Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server release 5.2 (Tikanga)
Hidden ext4 partition?
Configuring a VPN in my CentOS server
Different UID/GID when using an ext4 formatted USB drive with another computer
Conditional pipeline
Parallel execution of a program on multiple files
Glob with Numerical Order
Tsocks with mail user agent mailx not working
Back up MySQL server
How can I find a rogue alias declaration?
Best method to collect a random sample from a collection of files
How is upstart's socket activation used?
Searching a file & excluding lines with a specified string
What's the purpose of having different crontabs per user?
Slow Internet Speeds with Backtrack5 R2 in VMware Workstation
Install Mysql 5.6.4 or greater on web server with on CentOS / openSUSE with Plesk 10
Why can't I run mysql?
Why doesn't dzen2 work when invoked via at?
TOR Transparent Proxy - How does to the TCP redirecting work
How to delete the oldest file over FTP using CURL?
Where, in automysqlbackup, do I add mysqldump parameters?
Running 64-bit Linux with 750 MB of RAM: worth it?
Thunar: no templates in context menu
What does XST in the date command output mean?
Any reason NOT to run Linux in a VM all the time?
How to view full bounce message in mutt?
What does CONFIG_IA32_AOUT do actually?
Are there more advanced LUKS key schemes, e.g. 2 of 3 keys needed?
pure shell complex substitution in variable
Aliases and tmux
How to make Compiz start automatically?
Is it possible to install Gentoo by building on one machine and copying the files?
How can I determine if my processor is 64 or 32 bit?
SSH tunnel hanging
How do you implement a login warning banner in Gnome 3?
VirtualBox guest: 16 CPUs detected but only 1 online
Passing a bash command-line argument containing a dot
Does kdenlive have a limit regarding the workable filesize?
What is a framebuffer device and is it required to obtain a higher resolution?
My VirtualBox Virtual Machine doesn't detect my USB attached disk
Having Linux port remap to itself
Running a command based on output of previous command
Change tmux prefix control keyboard shortcut to alt keyboard shortcut
Why does bash variable expansion retain quotes?
Cannot SSH to localhost - host key verification failed
PHP file permissions for Development machine
How to remove the (1) from filenames using the find command
How to get hgk working on RedHat Linux?
How to active tabs on windows by terminal? wmctrl doesn't have option available
Why does mutt retain deleted emails in view until you "sync your mailbox" using $?
GlusterFS & Mercurial don't like each other
Shell script filtering through jpg files attributes
Where can I learn more about how to use the GRUB `ntldr` command (module?)
How do I launch Pidgin when I click on an irc:// link?
Weird zsh grep -P behaviour
Do I have to list modules in both `/etc/mkinitcpio.conf` and `/etc/rc.conf`?
Job to keep a count of XML files
Remap select window 2 in tmux
tmux after start
How do I run safecopy in terminal?
Does GPL mean that whole software is public?
Debian and system clock change?
Why was fsck priority introduced in /etc/fstab?
CentOS has not DefaultDepth
Can the Linux kernel be compiled on Mac OS X 10.6.8?
Shared partition permission management
Is it possible to trigger OOM-killer on forced swapping?
open whole folder in gedit
Difference in regular expression handling between Perl, Kikki, and Kodos
Get list of Linux files recursively and direct output to file
How do I build the iptables kernel module for a loaded kernel?
How to find the cause of an ssh-scan exploit?
Linux: create list of text with multiple operators
Arch Linux netinstall - conflicting packages on install
How do I install drivers for AR9271 on Centos 6?
Linux kernel compiling commands
bash: /dev/stderr: Permission denied
Does "apt-get purge" remove config files stored in user home dir?
How to access storage device related events with Zeitgeist?
GPU usage monitoring (CUDA)
Illustrate the difference of two squares via the command line
What are the URIs starting with file:// or application://?
Gnome-sound-applet not detecting sound card
Unicode characters in uxterm and dwm statusbar
Locked out by pamd. Help!
keyboard shortcuts only work with left super-key
Launch independent process
Using google DNS in netcfg
Udev triggers are not firing on insert of CF card into USB card reader (anymore)
No effect of umask and chmod on mounted drives
Using ~/.fonts.conf to change the weight of monospace fonts
Why does SIGUSR1 cause process to be terminated?
How to change a firefox option on a quick way (via shortcuts, command line,..)?
Is there a command or method (other than RTFM) to determine if a system has a UEFI BIOS?
Can I speed XFCE menu right-click pop-up up?
When can one reboot from inside a chroot environment?
How to determine why my computer crashed?
How to save a session in Yakuake
EUI64 and ipv6: how to use own EUI64 for IPv6 autoconfiguration
How to open a local URL (webpage) on the command line
See if file has been copied to USB
Numerically sorting files
Is there any (good) SQLite GUI for Linux?
Mutt send-hook to sanitize "to" address?
Install Ubuntu for Android
Formatting the output: Underlining
Is there any way to exit "less" without clearing the screen?
How to compact a directory
How to set dhclient options for Networkmanager
How can I expose JAVA_HOME to applications running under X and/or Gnome?
Why do we need an expiration period?
Kompare-like tool that needs no kdelibs dependencies?
Adding bindings for ed2k:// links with xdg-open?
UID of a deleted account
Is there such thing as a "free" equivalent to Microsoft Virtual Server?
How To See Which Ports Are Open On A Particular Firewall
Verbose DNS query to see DNS query order?
How to write bash script that deletes the oldest file in a directory if there are greater than N files in the directory?
pattern to install dependencies in linux
nis and autofs manual restart after a reboot
What are the ramifications of not having a valid partition table?
Opening .eml files with mutt
Linux Mint 12 claims to come with Gnome 3 but gnome-about says it is Gnome 2
What happens if I put these directories chmod 000?
Temporary restore LVM snapshot of root
RAID 10 can not be started
acpi_listen returns different result in Ubuntu than Arch Linux
How do I install mod_pagespeed using apt-get?
Xorg: Screen 1 deleted because of no matching config section
Unable to delete directory
How do I install the cs_CZ.ISO8859-2 locale on Ubuntu 12.04
Preload movie on RAM
assigning files of a group to another one
cat command from textbook is not working on my Ubuntu Natty
Configuring syslogd in Ubuntu
How to share a tethered iPhone internet connection with VirtualBox guest?
Phrase Express Equivalent for Linux?
Hibernate does not power down laptop
how to install monodevelop with d language add-in on Mint 12
Linux from Binaries
Compiling FreeRTOS on ubuntu
upstart-udev-bridge is using 100% CPU (and a known fix doesn't help)
SSH login with clear text password as a parameter?
Keyboard and mouse do not function in Debian
Does a terminal multiplexer have any benefit when used with a tiling window manager?
How to download a file through an SSH server?
"unexpected end of file" in bash script
Which edac module should I enable here?
Where to find acpi mailing list?
vmlinuz and initrd not found after building the kernel?
How frequently are updates sent to a VNC client?
How can I setup a wifi access point to only allow users if they accept an EULA?
/dev/tcp not present in Linux
Different redirection styles with netcat and tee giving different results
How to make netcat use an existing HTTP proxy
How can I disable the user list login screen in Gnome 3 on Fedora 16 or 17?
Where does grep -r search by default?
How to add color themes to Gnome-Terminal's GUI preferences?
Why does this incrementing for loop return a bad variable?
How can I fix the location of polkit and glib include headers?
How to pass data outside process for zenity progress?
Why is cd not a program?
Can I install PHP on a Chumby One?
NAT (Internet connection sharing) switching between multiple public interfaces
IPv6 address changed after upgrade. Why? and how can I harden my .htaccess against this?
What does "The following packages have been kept back" mean?
Checking if files exist in some remote folders with bash
using Set uid to run a root command from non-root user
Can I have different desktop directories on different workspaces on Gnome?
Suggestions for a Linux distribution for a dedicated SFTP server
linux with 3.2.x kernel
Is there an online bash script testing site?
Is there any command-line, generic HTTP proxy (like Squid)?
Retrieve deleted files on Linux VM guest
How to copy a file and move it to a location using unix
Is it possible to retrieve the active window process/title in Gnome?
How to check if a filesystem is mounted with a script
Any reason for encrypted /?
How to fix Russian letters in a Wine application when adjusting LANG does not help?
Need to delete a directory with name '~' created accidentally
Under Mint 12 on an HP Pavillion DV7, my wireless stopped working
How can I test the RAM for data corruption on an ARM-based system?
How do I install a device driver provided as a .bin file?
creating abbreviations for commonly used paths
How extreme-coupling in UNIX-like OSs can be acceptable?
Cygwin has no watch command?
Vim not running inside tmux
CentOS network connection breaks every 5 min
How do I configure Emacs to use 'ispell' on Mac OS X?
Hiding files on FTP server
Mint GUI doesn't start
Graphics dim, but mouse cursor not dim
changing name of some files in bulk
sqlite3 bash grep username
issue with find -exec cp
Setting up kernel keyboard mapping
Is Oracle Solaris UNIX?
Why does CentOS not have an NTP drift file?
Use mogrify to resize large files while ignoring small ones
How can I read lines at a fixed speed?
Unable to install the php-posix package on CentOS 5.6
What is the 'working directory' when cron executes a job?
Argument list too long for ls
/etc/crontab permissions
How to parse fields out of a text file and write them to another file
Debian: Must pkill -9 twm and then login with twm
How can I turn ugly output into pretty, useful information?
Where are Apache file access logs stored?
Disable bold font in urxvt
Kill all processes related to an application
How to test the touch screen on embedded devices like iPhone / iPad / Kindle?
What to do when ubuntu-vm-builder completed?
Global cache config of debootstrap
zsh !! and !$ auto execute as it does in bash
dhcp: Host name lookup failure
Under Mint 12 and the latest version of the Enlightenment window manager the battery monitor gadget doesn't report correctly
Partition not mounting from fstab
How to ensure that a custom emacs macro operates on region?
Run a script after some command were executed
How to burn mp3 files to an audio CD under Scientific-Linux 6.1?
last modified with grep
Switch between numbers and symbols on caps lock
Quick and dirty way to run a process more than once
How to configure FOSS ATI drivers on Debian Wheezy and ATI RS880 [Radeon HD 4250]?
Can't install pg gem
inode limitation on a 500GB hard disk? Can you explain please?
Get text-file word occurrence count of all words & print output sorted
How to make a list and count LaTeX keywords in a source file?
Why do we have to wait for a Video (over samba share) in VLC?
How to install DivFix++ under Scientific-linux 6.1?
How to get better desktop performance in linux?
I reset my password and now I can login, but without nautilus or program menu
Is there a command line utility that copy files with progress information?
Location of application files?
smartctl on external hdd inside ide-to-usb enclosure
Remove first instance of lines with duplicate field value
debian, problem with DNS
Any way to register source-built software with rpm/yum database?
VMware Player on Linux, bridge networking
In awesome window manager, how can I make key bindings send keyboard events?
ld-uClibc.so missing
Is there a way to redirect requests from foo.com to a VM on that server?
How to install RPM package on Angstrom
Linux Rename File Beginning with "--"
debian lenny ftp not working?
I changed my hostname, rebooted and lost internet connection
Cannot access a website from  Firefox
Cannot boot to Windows 7 partition using Grub
vim custom pop up menu
Too many smtpd daemon forks?
Mount NTFS image file created using partimage
Problem with SSH " Write failed: Broken pipe "
How to change permissions of multiple files found with find command?
How to purge package in debian without affecting other packages?
Xmonad and X Window System
Execute command in remote active terminal
Is there a good way to encrypt and store a mailbox while still being able to quickly access and search it?
Why do SELinux policies require a system restart?
Start/stop program from website
How to make tab insert spaces in pico?
Stacked filesystems with write-back
Command-line password manager that uses SSH key to authenticate
Error mounting dir from ext4 file system
bash: get last stdout
How can I configure Fedora to support scrolling with my ThinkPad TrackPoint?
Understanding Unix file name encoding
Why don't you need to update drivers? (Or do you?)
command line tool to remove selected tags from mp3 files
Terminate metacity
smartctl: suspend read-scan the remainder of the disk
Is it possible to overwrite your mounted OS partition with dd?
How do I navigate to sabnzbd.ini in Debian?
Passing Command Line Arguments to java From JPackage Script
How to restart polkitd?
How to persist a file in /usr/local in embedded FreeNAS
What's the standard for indentation in shell scripts?
Archive of QNX's use messages?
Cannot connect to fedora on port 80
Throttle the download speed of wget or curl while downloading
Why can a system become unresponsive?
How to make linux 'perf record' work for libc and libstdc++ symbols?
How to run a script with systemd right before shutdown?
How do I use sftp to get a directory and all its contents?
What does it mean for an email message to be "old"?
'mv' equivalent of drag and drop with replace?
inexact text search
Does POSIX guarantee that the standard utilities are in PATH?
inittab equivalent in fedora 15?
dual booting centos5.5 and fedora
Dual monitor configuration on Intel Ivy Bridge
How to see package version without install?
Wireless connection connecting and disconnecting all the time
Installing vim/emacs on solaris 8
Chkconfig on Linux Mint 12 giving tons of errors
Supress startup messages on stdout?
How to Navigate within bash's Reverse Search?
How do I add an if statement (regarding punctuation in a word) to this bash script
Can I use a parallel port as a CUPS input device?
creating shortcuts to executables on IRIX64 6.5
Switching source and destination (or undoing the mv, cp operation)
Run a command that is shadowed by an alias
free / top difference. Does free show virtual memory?
Need reference on the usage of bist commands
slitaz 4.0 grub2 loopback concatenate multiple initrd images
Busybox NAS appliance
Amazon Linux - update path to java
In bash, what are potential negative consequences of pausing a process with control-z?
su does not change user but does not respond with an error either
What is the default encryption type of the ssh-keygen?
xte and keyboard mapping
How can we use the command 'top‘ to monitor the total CPU usage and each processor usage simultaneously?
sudo cannot open /etc/sudoers
How can I add a program to my start menu?
libpangocairo-1.0.so.0: undefined symbol: cairo_has_show_text_glyphs error
How can I remove all symbolic links with a special target?
General Setup on remote programming
How to see how many context switches a process makes?
Why does variable expansion without $ work in expressions?
Emacs commands in xterm
Unable to connect to a wifi network with an SSID containing diacritics
Is it possible to make a chroot -bind with debian under mac os x lion?
Is there an easy way to stop and reissue a command?
Using in/out named pipes for a TCP connection
Collapsing a stream of multiple lines into one line
Connect to a remote mysql server with bash php or perl
How to reload udev rules without reboot?
Some packages in mint not updating
Qemu doesn't boot kernel after “Uncompressing Linux… done, booting the kernel. ”
Launch terminal in su mode XFCE
Limiting a specific shell's internet bandwidth usage
How to "zoom out" screen windows, everything looks too big?
Changing hostname without errors
Run tmux always when I open terminal
Mount options with ecryptfs encrypted home
How can I run `hackxor` inside VirtualBox?
AP randomly gets unreachable for the clients while hostapd is running
Cancel zsh tab completion
LFS can't cd to lfs/source - permission denied
Setting grub loader as default loader
How can I check if mysql is installed using a bash script?
How to recover from a corrupt xdebug session?
Why does debian and ubuntu default to runlevel 2?
How to disable floppy seek at linux startup?
How to 'ls' current directory (which is under svn) files info (path)?
Boot Linux system from a subdirectory on a partition?
What is the purpose of Local Folders in Kmail and can they be removed?
dhcpd: any way to check dhcp pool status?
Why does Linux on sparc64 architecture use 32-bit pointers in user-space and 64-bit pointers in kernel-space?
Mounting HTFS Disk on Linux
Custom directory for cron commands
Why `> my.log 2>&1 &` causes the job to sustain log out?
Redirecting output of program reading from stdin
Message after sudden shutdown
Why is bash used in boot scripts?
How do I know that a /dev/dm-XX device isn't used by anything on SLES 10.4 (64bit)?
Linux clean install on an HP ThinClient
chmod: What does the `+a` parameter mean?
Make gdm/mdm prompt for an empty password on liveCD
How to query pdf page size from the command line?
VSFTPD, 553 Could not create file. - permissions?
How to verify a CD against an ISO image?
ssh localhost without password doesn't work on Fedora 14
How can I change the battery icon in the systray?
Command substitution: splitting on newline but not space
How do I transfer files to a SunOS server via sftp with FileZilla?
How to specify printer paper size in mm instead of inches?
domain 'ubuntu-hvm' does not exists, xen + ubuntu, hvm guest os installation problem
How do I remap my caps lock key to ctrl+x within x.org?
How can I add a certificate to Mercurial?
Setting up clearcase view through nautilus file manager
Difference between ifconfig and ipconfig?
How to install gimp 2.8 on Debian Squeeze?
Bash shell with problematic outcomes under Linux (C)
Magic file that redirects to standard output
ungzip the gizpped war
Turn off beep of Xorg
Macbook pro 8,1 skype audio
Sharing folder from Windows Host to Freebsd Guest
Enabling bwn in FreeBSD
Restrict search of locate to specific directories
Build Chromium from source
View notes for certain package in ArchLinux without package removal?
Shell from a Firefox tab
How do I backup everything?
Nginx Owncloud 4 produces "No input file specified."
How to make Chinese characters display properly on Chromium
Say I have a file's path, how do I reference that file's directory from the command line?
Dead (compose) keys not working in GTK apps since upgrade
How to disable X support for emacs
Linux Ubuntu / Mint Live CD user-home customization
How can the job of SDFlasher.exe given with FriendlyARM utility be accomplished on Linux?
How can the mac time code "b" be "n/a"?
Menus don't show properly in latest Linux Mint
telnet to localhost and loopback device IP works, but not LAN ip (Xen + Ubuntu)
Allow non-admin users to install packages via apt or rpm?
How to stop appearance of ^T% in the first line when I open a new lxterminal tab with ^T in zsh?
Cal no space delimiter
Webserver for Embedded Linux
how to enable sound support in linux kernel without recompile?
relation between unity on ubuntu and unity game engine?
apt-get install - where does it go?
Reclaiming space from one filesystem to give it to another without LVM
Is the system time correct when no date has been set?
Remove numbers from filenames
Interface and alias up at the same time
System Management Mode in embedded systems
ssh command unexpectedly continues on other system after ssh terminates
Player or plugin that can transcribe audio to real time subtitles
Unix/Linux process scheduler logs
Unix bash script check empty gz files
Trap, ERR, and echoing the error line
Logical volume missing after reboot
On Mac OS X, how to encrypt a small folder and copy that to Google Drive or DropBox?
Emacs: query-replace, regular expression, reuse of search result
Grepping over a huge file performance
Bypass ssh password prompt from a shell script
how to make a large ISO storage on xen cloud platform (XCP) or XenServer
OSX top command shows 5 running on a quad core
How can I profile a shell script?
Can't understand this script. bash <<(curl -s http://xxx.com)
Colorized `cat` for source and script files?
Execute on the basename of a find command
How to disable laptop keyboard on plugging in a USB keyboard?
buildroot/busybox: launch bootchartd on startup
ACPI (Advanced Configuration And Power Configuration) not present on 2.6.38.8?
Create and Delete Amazon EC2 Volumes using a shell script
SSH asking for password after ssh-copy-id
Splitting bash command line argument
How to generate new var names on the fly
Group and lock certain windows to a workspace in Gnome 3
Determine whether XBOX 360 is on
What is the purpose of Apache2's configuration files?
Recursively list files with file names, folder names and permission
bash terminal [\t] (time) is not same timezone as 'date'
`mpirun -np N`: what if `N` is larger than my physical cores?
Install Gnome-Shell theme without gnome-tweak-tool?
Why doesn't Linux use the IANA Ephemeral port range?
How to get permission number by string : -rw-r--r--
/etc/shadow and /etc/passwd format compatibility
Why do 'nohup' and 'disown' not work on SoX (invoked as 'play')
What is "raw mode in hex" from stat output?
Is there ever a reason to use scp instead of rsync?
RAM usage doesn't add up? (Free+used < total)
Preventing tar from using too much CPU and disk (old laptop crashes if 100%)
Assigning mouse keys to keyboard
how to find offset of one binary file inside another?
monitor files (à la tail -f) in an entire directory (even new ones)
How to count the number of lines in a UTF-16LE/CR-LF/BOM file?
Error, some other host already uses address IPADDRESS
Can non-canonicalized forms of filesystem paths be significant? (eg. "foo//bar", "foo/./bar", and "foo/../bar")
How can sed output be formatted like printf's formatted printing?
Can selinux log an application owner name?
Fedora 17: plugged in iphone, but nothing happens
Is there any other way to use tail -f for grep -q && operation?
Find out exact CPU model, Mainboard, RAM / server model?
How to achieve fast user switching with multiple graphics adapters, prevent virtual terminal switch?
Using UTF-8 chars with `write` message program
execute bit on directories, but not files
Alternatives to xmove, xpra
How to create a custom region in gnome3?
What is wrong with my JDK installation?
How can I tell what memory RAM address range is being used by uboot?
In emacs (or other editor) how to display the byte offset of the cursor?
How to install wine-1.4 in the sid repo?
Where is CONFIG_APM in kernel - 2.6.38.8
What is the difference between `terminator -e ranger` and ranger from terminal?
How to replace a string with a string containing slash with sed?
How to find all disks & their size before using them?
Restricting sound control
Best way to continue stopped move (mv) by merging directories?
How to enable and disable X11 outside of init
Forget a hashed executable location in bash interactive shell
Can someone change content of a file with permission 777 on a server?
How do I make ls sort underscore characters first?
How can I add an alias for my pwd to an existing file?
find command for the newest 500 files in a directory tree and also be POSIX compliant
How can I programmatically add entries to Bash history and have timestamps work properly?
Check for failure of piped command
modify keyboard layout locally
/etc/motd is not displayed when a named pipe?
How can I log what software I use the most?
Debian monitor unknown and dual monitor setup
How to fix non-responsive Ubuntu system?
Battery not detected on my embedded device on reboot
sysrq won't reboot with a keystroke, but will with echo "b" > /proc/sysrq-trigger
Slackware Upgrade on new release
No version information available?
How to repair the grub on debian
copy logical volume from one volume group to another
Grub2 network-based boot choice
How does apache determine what directory to show from public_html?
Replace "<?php print t('Blabla'); ?>" to be "Blabla"
Running chsh does not change shell
"Short write" error message with wget
From df device name to physical drive name (vendor / type)
Is there a way to install and remove packages in a single yum command?
Network Copy File With Low Overhead
Vmware Xorg error compiling keymap?
How do I switch from Ubuntu desktop to Ubuntu server?
kdm cannot authorize my user?
Move position of an application window from the command line on OSX
How to recompile my xorg-server in ArchLinux
"Input/output error" when accessing a directory
Is it necessary to enable CONFIG_USB_OHCI_HCD , when there's only USB 2.0 ports
Device is Mounting as Read Only (Can Copy Files as Root)
How to disable wifi and bluetooth keyboard switches in GNOME?
How to forward a window (display) to another computer on the network
Debian Server - Autostart two Servers in one Screen Session
How to configure an OpenWrt 10.03 router to forward an IPv6 connection to the clients?
What's the right way to reuse this one-liner?
Is it possible to compress a very large file (~30 GB) using gzip?
urxvt: how to scroll terminal output / hide mouse pointer
odd output from df command on a SLES
Pulseaudio/X permission other user/SSH
In a script, check if standard input comes from a file or pipe
How to disable live shell session command history under AIX 5-6?
Setup DSL Network Connection in KDE
Should 'LC_ALL=fr_FR.UTF-8 date +%x' give consistent results across machines?
Reversing the direction of a trackball
Zsh - alias -s with parameter
How to use gtalk on fedora linux?
In linux, would it be possible to run a script every day 3 minutes later than the previous day?
sed not working from sh file, but working from the command line
Self hosted cloud storage
Compiz Window Picker plugin for XFCE4?
vim: create file with +x bit
Encryption of home directory for securing data after harddisk corruption
Workflow management software for Linux
Installing guest additions on Virtualbox 4.10 - Host: openSUSE 11.3 64 bit, Guest: Slackware 13.37 32 bit
How to install a Debian package from internet?
Will suspension or hibernation of OS suspend running programs?
Sendmail with TLS support changes FROM: address
Creating an ext4 partition fails with "invalid blocks count"
bash using a file name as input
Alternate FIFO device for Linux with a (way) bigger buffer while still having filesystem semantics?
Which application to use for a calendar?
Customized Work Emails and Signatures with Each Firm, perhaps with Mutt and Procmail to look Professional?
Linux tools to choose suitable Cisco ASA 5500
Is Traffic Control (tc) broken in Fedora 17?
How can I use locate only for a directory
vim hot keys with variables
Smallest GUI VNC setup
Get ssh to forward signals
Preventing multiple keypresses from RF remote
configuration ethics (esthetics): /etc vs $HOME
Set EDT emulation by default for Emacs
Creating a proFTPd user
Filesystem organization for software in HOME
Writing both output and error stream to the same file
Bring up alias interface on boot, when the main interface is down
SVN access and indexing tool
Vim script check running platform
Code templates with emacs
How to set up a taskbar in enlightenment DE?
Pipe system sound to another computer
Lightweight browser for linux
How to find executable filetypes?
Damn Small Linux on EEE PC 901
Why "Linux Generic" use RPM extension in MySQL download page?
Monitor directory and if a file is requested then rsync on demand
Create shortcut for PHP
difference between signalfd and sigwaitinfo?
JS indentation on Emacs
Don't expand command line mapping (cmap) until pressing enter in vim
Exiting block insert mode with Ctrl-C
Is there a way to list the connected devices on my wifi access point?
Printing failure in Linux Mint 13
Set up autologin with SLiM
install 2.6.32.59 on squeeze
Aliases for 'sudo /etc/init.d/'
Configure Emacs to use Chrome as the web browser of choice?
IPtables string match for some URLs
bash: disable new process PID message
Append timestamp to top command output
Vim insert mode completion for sentences
How can I secure an OpenBSD-based Apache webserver?
Where can I find the Linux driver for headphones in the kernel tree?
dynamically generated logfile in screenrc shown in hardstatus
How to mount FreeBSD 9.0 iso file writable mode?
Solaris disk failed, how to remove it?
How to repeat currently typed in parameter on bash console?
How to know whether the Linux driver for the real-time network device was built into the kernel?
Installing a gedit plugin on Fedora
How to know if /dev/sdX is a connected USB or HDD?
How to make a program which run from shell still live after close terminal?
Lightest Debian Linux Distribution : Console Only - StandAlone (not net install)
Running two animations side-by-side using ImageMagick
Connection ec2 instance operation timeout error using ssh
Equivalent of nfsstat -m on older kernel
Running a query without the OS cache
Re-install ssh-keygen on unix/mac
Command line utility to read vCalendar files
Mercurial (hg) not respecting default ACL settings
Remove unused packages
How to force rpm to check dependencies during upgrade?
How can I create a "base" for other aliases to refer to and enable cd base/x command directories?
How does the linux update manager work?
What's the difference between CONFIG_R8169 and CONFIG_R8169_VLAN?
What is the realtime equivalent of the module r8169?
No KDE: how to use strigi to index my files?
Transactional installation process like windows installer in Unix/Linux
grep second time faster
send keystroke to process
How to include program which only works with in/out files into a pipeline?
Control source address for whois queries
Grepping several lines from Nmap output
tar: "No space left on device"
Where to find source code of Linux NTFS driver?
GNU/Linux distribution for network virus || malware identification
A system-wide way to set or get $JAVA_HOME in Ubuntu?
Porting GNOME keyboard shortcuts to URXVT
Can't login on OpenSuse:  "No logon servers"
what does Curl's stand-alone hyphen (-) mean?
Scroll inside Screen, or Pause Output
Real copy to Android device
Command substitution: cat with executable content
How do you tell what hard drive a file is on?
Why does F10 in gnome-terminal open the right-click menu?
What is "Print to File" and can it be used from command line?
Changing IP address of Apache server using PHP statically
Debian: program in boot
copying multiple files to multiple directories
Batch copy to multiple directories
Is it possible to find times of past user sessions?
Is there a way to pipe the output of one program into two other programs?
WARNING: modpost: Found 10 section mismatch(es)
Edit the .config file when en/disabling a particular option like CONFIG_CPU_FREQ?
Garbage characters appear on screen when typing
How to fix "login: no shell: No such file or directory" when I can not even login?
CentOS 5.6 live time feature without repeatedly executing date command
fprintd-enroll works with right-index finger only
Taking complete backup of System and then restoring?
Converting a bootable USB into an ISO image
"No package wine available" and "No package fluxbox available"
How to download all images from a website (not webpage) using the terminal?
gitweb.cgi: "Premature end of script headers: gitweb.cgi"
Running script once when X is initialized
How get the best quality when converting from mp4 to avi with ffmpeg?
Colored text set up with PS1 and colored output from commands mess each other up
Using nmap's sql-injection script to scan a specific web folder
Using emacsclient with custom emacs in $PATH
How to compare usage of memory by Window Managers?
Strip spaces after single capital letters with sed
How can I trim the carriage return from text that is being piped in bash?
How to install Gnome 3 on Debian Squeeze (Gnome 2)?
How to find information about the RAM using the Terminal?
Printing failure at a network printer in linux
What is the best text-mode web browser?
How do I correlate /dev/sd devices to the hardware they represent?
Where is best place to find sources of standard linux command line tools?
How to get the maximum virtual set size of a unix process during its lifetime?
What's the fastest (CPU time) way to get my current git branch?
How to link Requires to BuildRequires in rpm spec?
View a remote Ubuntu desktop from Windows 7
How to do a regex search in a UTF-16LE file while in a UTF-8 locale?
PHP Bash error suppresion
how do I enable fluxbox instead of Gnome by default in Ubuntu
Network issue in vsat
Linux flavor for beginners
Udev rule is not being used?
How do I create a bunch of files with different parameters in the body of each file?
Is it possible for a shell script to contain both tcsh and bash commands in the same script?
gnome-open replaced by sublime?
Linux Bulk/Remote Administration
Shell script: find iconized programs , if found , activate it
Which Unix tool for Pixel-art -generation?
Can CONFIG_NTFS_FS be disabled completely?
Is there a way to install only the base Fedora system?
How do I resize GNOME shell top bar
Make feh notice newly plugged-in monitor for image scaling
Issues with .bash_profile and terminal commands
How to sync two directories?
OSX : rmdir "permission denied" but directory removed
attr man page missing?
Beginning shell scripting
Recover a reiserfs hard disk
Mon Configuration
Which installed software packages use the most disk space on Debian?
Is it safe to install KDE along with Gnome?
How to set permissions what users can see (drives, folders) on opensuse 12.1?
Startup programs on virtual desktops
Nonblinking cursor in xmonad
Viewing Debian documentation offline
Understanding modifiable in Vim
Command for forcing a pointer ungrab (captured mouse release)
How to convert a 32-bit (x86) Debian-based system to 64-bit
Lowres application icon on window switching (alt-tab)
How should I install software from source so that I can make my configuration manageable and reproducible?
Sort by regular expressions
Mounting a multi-partition (GPT/HFS+) USB 2.0 harddrive on Debian
debian wireless networking through terminal
amarok displays wrong time for ogg files
How to unzip a multipart (spanned) ZIP on Linux?
Sync local files to remote git repository
How to add folder to existing user [proftpd]
How to join vCards lines
Different domains for multiple VM's on host with one WAN IP
Change directory with space followed by '('
How to split vCards lines
Linux for a writer, running on a Pentium II
How to restrict OpenSSHD when I'm logging in from dynamic IP address?
Extract marked strings from text file using Bash
Cannot connect to my Virtual Box Ubuntu system
What is resume= used for in my grub boot settings?
bash: Redirect IO , but not with suffixes
Rename files by incrementing a number within the filename
How does iperf calculate throughput and jitter?
(L)ubuntu 12.04 syslog to custom file (not /var/log/syslog but /var/log/mylog) - ubuntu 12.04
du (disk usage) and format specifier for file/directory sizes strings?
Partitioning scheme for a virtual machine host
Checking existence of file with underscore in file name in zsh
Recursively rename e-mail files from .txt to .eml
Public Key Auth + Kerberos
Where to securely place files needed by PHP in Linux filesystem (according to FHS)
daemon function in /init.d does not run the program in the background in fedora13
E763 with vim and spell checker
How to know if a process is attached to a tap interface?
How to know if a network interface is tap, tun, bridge or physical?
How can I use unix tools with Cyrillic text?
Getting the source for something that doesn't seem to have an associated package?
executing if-statement from command prompt
Creating a list of unique senders from Thunderbird mail files through the command-line
Measuring the current or the power
ffmpeg: problems when copying the audio
How to set up firewall on Debian Squeeze
Kill TIME_WAIT sockets immediately?
Why are shared libraries executable?
Unable to login due to invalid screen resolution
Linux/UNIX for older (Pentium 4) laptop
extensions.gnome.org is not working on fedora 17
Reevaluate the prompt expression each time a prompt is displayed in zsh
Subtracting one text string from another leaving unique characters, perhaps using awk
centos primary/secondary nameserver setup
VIM see regular expressions matches as you type
Is there a shorter way to change username, home directory and move files at the same time
Lm-Sensors: Run specific commands when temperature goes above/below limits
Uncomplicated Firewall (UFW) and UPNP
Can't boot from Fedora PreUpgrade image
Where does the output of `at` and `cron` jobs go?
Loop with 2 variables in a bash script
Is there a way to specify a name for "/etc/apt/sources.list" file?
Installing Unity or Gnome 3 in Debian
In Ubuntu, is there a way to virtually merge two folders without unionfs or aufs?
understand if systray displayed in a desktop environment
How to do I convert an animated gif to an mp4 or mv4 on the command line?
Will SGE output slow down my simulation, if so, how much?
Is there a way to increase `find` speed
Removing Infinitely Nested Directories
Applying changes to xorg.conf without restarting
Running 64bit OS , Find all 32bit programs on a system
What is the setting in bash for globbing, to control whether * matches dot files
How do I share internet with Windows from my Linux box?
cclive: what kind of regexes are allowed?
USB external drive not working
Can I make "There are stopped jobs" harder to kill?
How extended (4MB) and regular (4KB) paging coexist?
Emacs Message: save sent mails
Problem with keyboard and mouse in gdm3 and lightdm
Where do the .deb files go when I select "download only" in Synaptic Package Manager?
disabling journal vs data=writeback in ext4 file system
Have network always wait for a network connection?
Why real time can be lower than user time
Trying to create tunnel to MySQL through SSH
How can I make bash not match `.` and `..` with `.*`
Why can't I add any iptables rule?
How to upgrade SSHD without the change of the server key?
Advantages (or downsides) of GVim over Vim to edit code
What is the difference between ~/.profile, ~/.bashrc, ~/.bash_profile, ~/.gnomerc, /etc/bash_bashrc, /etc/screenrc ...?
Opening a PDF file by typing its name
How can I restore the changes to shell variable?
How can I git diff markdown (.md) files
SSNiper SSN Scanner support
Console ScreenSaver without X11
Stay at same working directory when changing to sudo
Preventing access to TTY when X is killed
Prevent specific USB device from automounting
Can it harm if I shutdown without closing applications?
How do you make DISPLAY variable undefined?
Open file from particular position?
How to utilize extended attributes for image preview?
RT2800USB wireless adapter stops scanning
Two-step remote ssh without password
How to create an user only with SSH -access and easily-set-up .ssh -dir perms?
StackExchange with Elinks
Remove duplicate $PATH entries with awk command
Which GNOME themes are suitable for black and white printing?
Control Initial size of xfce4-terminal?
Forcing X to recognise video ram, saving the file 99-vesa file
Help understanding `find` syntax on Solaris
Replacing one test string with another in particular column
AES-NI accelerated ZFS v31 encryption in Solaris 11
Is Native Language Support (NLS) kernel support still necessary?
How do I run a program only once per day, while accounting for variable uptime and possible failure of program?
How to reduce size of swap after a system is already installed?
How can I kill the top CPU/IO process quickly?
lsof compares to pfiles, difference?
How to do integer & float calculations, in bash or other languages/frameworks?
How can I share a desktop / log in graphically for an Ubuntu that I have ssh but not console access to?
Does OpenSUSE Instlux overwrite Windows?
Fedora 17 boot hangs after changing to CDM
How do I find a bunch of files with a string in its filename (or body text) and then move all those files to a specific folder?
What is the space overhead of different filesystems?
is there a way to get newer packages when using a debian distribution?
What means warning: rpmts_HdrFromFdno when installing from rpmfusion?
Fix terminal title after SSH remote logging to another machine
Linux error:No such file or directory
Bash Linux random CLI Password generator and `<`
How to execute a function in the .profile file
KTorrent: Moving data in a shell script
Search and delete .Trash
Source code of original Netscape Navigator
Force usage of DNS server provided by DHCP?
Keep ext4 journal on another system, how much space would be necessary?
How to add the RPM Fusion and livna repositories to Fedora?
How can I set Dolphin to be the default file manager in KDE?
Strange case: Text file that exist and doesn't exist
iperf gives wrong output
How to increase the speed of a text console (kernel mode setting)?
Getting list of installed apps (NOT packages)
How to build a tool with specific libraries without breaking Fedora?
How to find a Fedora package providing a dependency I need?
Bash script to ftp only files of type gz in current directory
"Missing operating system" error on boot
Dual boot Mint/Windows: Lost 8 GBs on Windows side
SSH LocalCommand on exit
Synchronize directory tree with deduplication?
How to mount NFS 3 volumes on Fedora 17?
Run if statement on remote machine
Why is mount.cifs not installed suid by default?
Is encrypting your web browsing via SSH to localhost useful?
How to fix this mysql permission problem?
How do I concatenate all the files in a given directory in order of date, where I want the newest file on top?
How do I preserve the history file of cygwin bash across independent sessions?
For cygwin, how do I export the output in a terminal into a file?
tmux session lost in unknown pts, cause and possible solution?
Beep when typing backslash in cvim normal mode
Crontab with SVN and Git
Newly installed CentOS 6 shows squares instead of letters
Choose kernel for specific hardware
Which Linux distribution should I use for a Web server? 
Shell Script for going through a dir recursively and chmodding based on conditions of file type
How does pre-boot authentication with disk encryption work technically?
How does one change the delay that occurs after entering an incorrect password?
Make awk use bash with the system() command
Exim4 as smarthost with SSL?
Error when building bfilter
emacs dedicated completion window
Why is it a security problem to have /usr/sbin owned by bin?
How can I format a thumb drive so that I delete all existing files?
Why need drivers for both x server and the linux kernel?
Samba mount isn't mounting when switching to wireless
Boot in rescue mode with vlan support in RHEL
Incompatible group permissions in Linux - Is it a bug?
knock on Scientific Linux 6.1? (perl script for knocking?)
What package managers do popular Unix Distributions Use?
Coloring line numbers in less?
Error while cross compiling using crosstool-ng. How to debug?
login prompt not displayed after boot
Vim not showing garbage characters
how to check if ssh works without connecting to server
How would I automate sending highly similar emails with one word changed?
differences between echo""> and > command
Change working directory of 2 terminals at once
switch window manager when logging in in text mode
Command-line web browser with Kerberos authentication?
Combine LVM logical volumes?
Is it possible to limit  how much CPU power a process can take?
How to remove kernel module if it's still in use?
How to copy or move to folder in Nautilus 2.30.1 like in Windows Explorer?
How to re-size virtual disk with installed Linux system?
Prevent a unix account from being able to SSH
Quoting command substituted value
Why do we need NetworkManager?
Allowing people temporary access to my server to run a command
Forcing font size based on language in .fonts.conf
how to check for disk in use on rhel
Which Fedora CPU architecture should I choose? i386 or i686?
Aptitude on Debian 6.0.4 "media change" to CD ROM
shorten long lines in a log file
resolve all ip addresses in command output using standard command line tools
how is the file /proc/net/dev filled?
How do I determine the new size for resize2fs?
How can I shrink a LUKS partition, what does `cryptsetup resize` do?
Mapping between logical and physical block device names
Remove directory in ftp
Rake - "bundle exec" -  how can I avoid `bundle exec` with my `rake spec`
RTL8139 not being detected on openSUSE 11.3 - can installing openSUSE 11.0 on VirtualBox help?
Image HDD in Linux (functionality like Norton Ghost)
ext2/3/4 reserved blocks percentage purpose
File name in file system
grub-mkfont input and output formtas
What are the main differences between those linux distro vs general daily linux we use?
PNG Image not displaying for desktop icon on Fedora 16/17 with Gnome
Convert image of a partition into image of a disk with partition table
Run an application under Tomcat
How to clean up the RAM memory that is being used as cache memory?
Can the Fedora installer partition the disk itself?
Sudden burst in free memory
Using sort with alphanumeric filenames
SSH connection timeout
pacman-key --init takes too long and does not exit
How to remove error messages when searching recursively for a string?
Cannot boot Linux Mint after installing Windows (First) and Linux Mint (Second)
Permissions to deny SSH users from accessing other user's folders
Send email from a shell script
Patch without changing owner and group
chown all files based on file name pattern in current directory
Change string occurrences in file while respecting DOS new line sequences
Linux Mint: how to update repository references
How to change the default program for a chosen file type system-wide in kde or xfce?
Stuck on Fedora splash screen after OpenBox3/tint2 install
How to configure a shortcut to open a window accessed by right click on the systray icon?
How do you connect to the internet in backtrack 5 R2
Tools for Monitoring Steal Time (st)
Why does `cat`ing a file into itself erase it?
Redirect terminal output to image file
How can I cd to the previous/next sibling directory?
How to bypass youtube's local cache?
what does 'old' mean in the output of `who -u`?
Multivariable For Loops
Can a terminal emulator be as fast as TTY 1-6?
Loop through tab delineated file in bash script
changing xorg driver for netbook with cedarview integrated graphics
Is there a way to get German text to speech in festival?
How to check which Apache group I can use for the web server to write?
prepend digit to filenames which begin with digits (with zmv, please)
how to redirect output to multiple log files
Cygwin installation message
Sarg report error
How to start a perl webserver with systemd?
FreeBSD USB devices - given /dev/da* device is on which speed?
Exporting just a single file
What is a good tool to sync two computers
Vim mapping behaving strangely
Enabling shared Folders in SCO 5.0.7 on vmplayer
Adding a folder of jar files to my path
How to use Public IP in case of Two ISP which difers from each other Pfsense
Plan 9 from Bell Labs book
How to create a list of installed packages for easy/automatic reinstall after disk is formatted
Having tmux load by default when a zsh terminal is launched
To which audio format can I convert aac lost-free with ffmpeg?
How to run the terminal using keyboard shortcuts in Gnome 2?
How to Extract Album Cover Image from MP3 file?
Finding the library versions a library was linked against
Variable substitution with an exclamation mark in bash
How to save a copy of a protected PDF form in Evince?
apache and php Segmentation fault
How to edit file on remote machine with text editor?
Change (not remove) "fortunes" in Linux Mint console
Which programming language is best to begin with as a total beginner?
Copy all tags from one FLAC file to another?
debian wireless networking configuration
CPU and core usage stats
How to fix diacritics in PDF forms in Evince?
Print tab character in fish
No connections work after starting OpenVPN service?
PPPoE connection problem
Fluxbox dual screen configuration
When merging directories with similarly-named files, how do you ensure that only smaller+earlier files are replaced?
crontab sets up user variable, redirect output, and detect connetcted network
Where do the files go if you mount a drive to a folder that already contains files?
How to check/test internal card reader speed
How do I mass-convert the "last modified" dates in a particular directory?
Which system configuration setting(s) on HP Compaq dc5750 need to be changed if "running Unix"?
Upload & Download speed in Tmux status line
Where to submit new mimetypes?
Mail Server Spoofing Prevention
What is the most correct way to pass an array to a function?
How to use `cat` or `less` depending on the line count?
Screen resolution problems on Thinkpad E520
View pdf file in terminal
FTP timeout FIRST time
Is split-screen `cat`ing possible?
Changing file associations in GNOME?
Is learning a text editor like vi necessary and still worth the time today?
Different Kernel in DomU than in Dom0 on xen
Suppress output unless non-zero exit code
Rule for invoking subshell in Bash?
Terminal commands equivalent to NetworkManager's "Use as Hotspot" option
How can I get crontab to use a different PHP installation location?
Resize window to half screen width in KDE 3.5
Map caps to esc for RHEL 5?
How small can an embedded Linux file system get?
Copy & Paste over several files with vim?
Bash script doesn't work as cronjob
Overwrite file and apply file system rights of overwritten files?
System image of running Debian system?
Network file sharing between Linux and OS X
Use a variable reference "inside" another variable
Is Ubuntu LTS binary compatible with Debian?
How to make the system automatically kill some processes?
What is the file descriptor 3 assigned by default?
Should I be concerned with the error xauth: /home/user/.serverauth.535 does not exist?
How to install/uninstall .deb packages?
HDI: Dim the screen beyond the typical maximum?
Do I have PCLMUL instruction set support?
Do GNUmakefile, GNUmakefile.am, and GNUmakefile.in indicate that Automake has been used?
only output when first columns are the same
How do I edit the terminal launch command in Linux Mint?
How do I convert a kernel .config file from 32-bit to 64-bit?
Can you Chroot a program from an OpenVZ environment?
Debian system - Network security tools
How can I set up a remote port forward on port 80 to my localhost with the help of setcap?
Is there a way to create cow-copies in ZFS?
How can I generate /proc/vmcore?
How to kill a process with a single command?
When adding a user to a new group when does the user group permissions become active when its a /nologin user?
Can you set a program to open "always on top" by default in XFCE4 (xfwm4)?
How can I spy on X client messages?
Automatically update a Debian system
View man page of not installed package?
What causes files to lose permissions?
find n most frequent words in a file
How to use whitespace in procmailrc recipe destination path?
Tmux makes a sound when I launch it, how could I disable that?
How to ssh to a server using another server?
Why does it take so much time to execute semodule -i mypol.pp?
Two different /etc/hosts depending upon the time
Can we run firefox and Nightly simultaneously?
update-grub in grml
Booting a newly compiled Linux kernel
HP-UX Boot from SAN
How to put a background image on GRUB?
Moin underlay permissions
How to compile & execute C programs under Linux?
Web browser hooked pulseaudio sound, how to release?
When should I keep debugging symbols in kernel modules?
What is Linux for OpenVMS DCL Ctrl/T?
How to find files in Linux using "locate"?
Linux: Apple Wireless A1314 Fn key not registered, looks like software bug
Display problem - Random grid appears on screen
I want to tar X directory not including its parents
How to have tail -f show colored output with vim?
Linux running slow with 0 swap left
Rationale for making user space text segment start at 0x8048000
Find the total size of certain files within a directory branch
error: implicit declaration of function ‘rt_dev_socket’
can't change file permission
vim.googlecode.com SSL certificate change
Text file look-up by column
How to create a testcolor.sh like the following screenshot?
How can I tell if a package is safe to update on CentOS?
What is the difference between $* and $@?
Process movie intelligently
how to redirect terminal output to multiple log files
Changing screen resolution/geometry of a vncserver without randr in Linux
How to switch mailboxes in Mutt?
How to start changing linux source code to make custom OS?
Colour bleeds right when writing a custom script in byobu
Using CSV line as command parameters
Pasting binary data into a Unicode terminal
SH process is using 50% of CPU, why is that?
find the set of common files between several directories?
Show command executed along with output in log file
perform remote sqlite command
bash equivalent of this use of tcsh "sched" command?
Is it possible to represent the +X symbolic permission with an octal value?
CPU stuck at 99% for a few hours: figuring out logs
What are the commands to logout and shutdown with a session manager?
Why can't uvcdynctrl see my webcam?
Dovecot version upgrade
How to download openSUSE 12.1 throught `wget -c`?
Switch Fn key state
access rights of a file in octal format
File encryption and decryption on Linux using ucrypt
Running uinput code on DM368 board
How to sort the string which combined with string + numeric using bash script?
SSH connection freezes after bigger output when inactive for a while
Detached screen on a remote host
Disable the GIO network extension?
What happens when you read a file while it is overwritten?
How to find/correct error in a path
How can I make the Gnome3 calendar use Thunderbird instead of Evolution?
Org-mode tables: How to insert result of a system command?
Bridging ethernet interface
exit out of all SSH connections in one command and close PuTTY
Changing DD-WRT's default IP address
How should I rsync files in /var/www if I want them to be owned by www-data?
Automount in Xfce4 just stopped working
How to copy some, but not all files?
Invoking CPU Stress
Batch up a number of jobs to run concurrently
mousekeys is too slow in gnome3 fedora
Advantage to using Linux over Windows?
I cannot install new packages: "Could not get lock /var/lib/dpkg/lock"
Postfix configuration - keep the envelops
Copying a deeply nested directory structure
How to make custom key type auto repeat in xkb
On Debian, how do I add a Python package in dist-packages to a virtualenv?
Ext4 support in Grub 0.9X (legacy) and Grub 1.9X (Grub2)
Why Debian CD has 52 CD
How to initiate SMTP outbound traffic via secondary interface - Linux Sendmail
Booting linux from usb using EFI
Keep only successful commands in BASH history
find -exec + vs find | xargs: which one to choose?
Vim: How to get rid of filetype-specific map?
wdfs mount problem
delete first line of file only if blank using sed
How does this directory use so much space
How to limit ext4 filenames to only those filenames legal in FAT?
How to remove mounted locations that have been added using the mount command?
Will wget -k still convert links to relative paths if wget is stopped prematurely?
Traffic stats per network port
Ksh features incorporated into Zsh?
How can I copy a file and create the target directories at the same time?
share vpn conneciton using router
Automate workflow in shell
How to disable swap file after install or during Kubuntu install?
mp3 extraction with avconv or ffmpeg doesn't work properly anymore
Kubuntu - GUI context menu sudo/root
Can Yum express a preference for x86_64 over i386 packages?
Automatically dim the backlight of a secondary monitor on MAC
How to make vim apply /var/log/messages syntax highlighting to any file called "messages" or "messages-*"?
Xorg with Intel G41 videocard
window minimize
Linux: How to find the device driver used for a device?
Disable KDE 4.7 system sounds
Duplicate selected words with sed and replace it
KDE windows maximize automatically?
What does dash "-" at the end of a command mean?
Cannot scroll terminal in Fedora CLI
VPS not replying on ftp port 21 using pure-ftpd
Effect of entries in /etc/securetty
Disabling email for an account
Why is a service being started if it isn't mentioned in /etc/init.d?
Parsing a text-file table and aggregating information
How do systemd and chkconfig interact with respect to services and runlevels?
How to remember the difference between du and df?
remove only specific text occurrences from string using sed
Cronjob to run every 30 minutes
Linux Mint Live Not Saving Data
How can I mount partitions in a full disk image (i.e. image with partition table) with fuse?
Installing openSUSE 12.1 on an Asus ZenBook UX32VD
Auto-completion of words from the terminal buffer
How can I chroot into a filesystem with a different architechture?
Bumblebee (Optimus) Service Won't Start w/ 3.4 Kernel on Fedora 16
Alternative to xmllint to check xml validity
Setting up SMTP-AUTH & TLS in Postfix
Zip file using tar on linux server
Can I use an SSH key generated on Linux from Putty?
How do I localize man pages for chinese?
How can I get awk to print both matches and non-matches?
How to know whether wget has completed download successfully?
How to make apr available for subversion install?
Running Gst Player through command line
Critical Memory
What is the command for listing all users who are members of the admin group?
IPv6 in IPv4 over LAN
Copy file from commandline, paste into Gnome window or vice-versa
What is the concept of Refresh in Linux, if there is so
How to checkout Tomcat by SVN?
ubuntu usb sound card sometimes recognized and sometimes not at boot
handling right click with single button mouse (tablet)
How do I fix the "Cannot retrieve repository metadata" error in Fedora 14?
"Couldn't resolve host" when installing/updating yum packages
Script for emulating Windows [Win]+[Arrow] keyboard shortcut
Compare two file columns
wget --spider: how to tell where broken links are coming from
Linux VPS Configuration
How to enable WIFI on VMWare Fedora 12? (It's detecting and working fine on Windows 7)
Earphone remote in sound jack as X input
How to define a `bc` function for later use?
Prompting for input in post-install script in dpkg
Can I make SSMTP to automatically set the "To:" header?
How can I apply my procmail filters to my maildir inbox?
Do procmail recipes have an alternator "or" operator?
Lightest weight SMTP server for Linux Single Board Computer (SBC)
Prevent watch breaking colors
Is there a difference between these two commands?
Linux support on 2012 MacBooks
Is there a way to find the mac address of a remote machine I have connected to with ssh?
Pasting the content of xclip onto gedit
Does it possible in Krusader add custom icon and custom command to execution?
systemd-modules-load print errors when loading builtin kernel modules
Samba on a Beowulf Cluster
Commands to access a SATA drive
emacs python2.7
Re-assigning (specifically, incrementing) a variable in a bash script
"mount: / is busy" when trying to mount as read-only so that I can run zerofree
How can I delete all files with a particular extension in a particular folder?
How can I rename all files in the current directory having a particular extension to another extension?
Restoring an option at the end of a function in zsh
wireless is disabled by hardware switch even when not
How to set environment variable JAVA_HOME that will be saved on exit?
Network Printing in Fedora
How do I get my Logitech Quickcam 4000 up and running?
Making voice calls using Huawei E1550
Configure touchscreen on Debian?
Routing through iptables
A problem with mknod when logged in as root
random number needed
cut / grep and df -h
How to tweet using terminal?
can't open netbeans IDE in Fedora 17
How stable are Unix shell "stdin/stdout APIs"?
Tomcat does not get enough memory
Entry point of linux kernel
What went wrong with this driver install?
ncurses.h is not found, even though it is on the search path
How to assign user root rights?
specify geometry of a new gnuplot window in lxde
Is it possible to download extremely large files intelligently or in parts via SSH from Linux to Windows?
Terminate script using zenity progress bar
Clock skews on remote machines
Gnome, KDE, XFCE... which is most simple and customizable?
XFCE Cursor themes not installing
High memory (user space) and highmem (kernel space)
Official tools to save/restore gnome settings
Ubuntu One in Fedora
Can I make pacman aware of packages installed manually?
Best rolling release distribution for MacBook Pro
Is there a way to use/recompile libgio-2.0 on machine with libc-2.5?
Not able to configure phpmyadmin in Ubuntu 12.04
Scan and get the packages installed on Ubuntu along with the version
Manipulating a picture pdf
I require some help with traceping
Set GPIO permissions cleanly
Using Creative Sound Blaster on Ubuntu Server
How to properly export and import NFS shares that have subdirectories as mount points also?
shell backup script, missing `]`
Concise way to output to file if argument is given, to stdout otherwise
Start SSH session in some other directory than their home directory and lock them there
Weird samba and gvfs behavior - ~half of directories/files randomly appears to be "missing"
bind9named binary missing - not starting
"Modules not found" error during kernel install
Shell script hangs on mail command
changing an environment variable like PATH forever
Is it safe to use GParted while booted?
How are email headers generated?
Is there an easy way to migrate from thunderbird to evolution?
File size of 60.0 PB is wrong. Can deleting it cause data loss?
Running jobs in parallel on Ubuntu - I/O contention differences between Perl and Java
PHP file recursive change array key on find
Create a series of increasingly larger files
How can I block a network with lighttpd?
IP of localhost
What are the recommended ways of defending a remote *nix install from a hamfisted admin?
Exiting a pipeline if a former command fails
How do I get sound to work outside lightdm
How do I configure which ethernet connections are active on boot?
Setting timezones
Changing mode preference (1x/EVDO/Hybrid) for USB modem
Untar only a certain number of files from a large tarball
Upgrading Slackware 13.1 to Slackware-current, is it a big leap?
Does the kernel delete entries in /dev on an initramfs?
Turning off dual monitors with "xset dpms force off" does not work - why?
What are possible reasons for erratic NTP synchronistation?
Wrapping a shell script with tee
Converting dvd to MKV videos, anything wrong here?
Extracting only the module and the libraries from the AMD ATI proprietary drivers
Is it possible to change password database file(/etc/passwd) in linux?
How can I set environment variable permanently through shell script?
How to find out how fc-match matches?
kio sftp does not work but fish works
Display a file's history (list of users that have modified a file)
A couple arithmetic related commands, Dash, POSIX shell, sh, Increment
Giving apache user same permissions as root only on specific folders
Retrieve the window name and role
Can not connect wirelessly to internet in CrunchBang 10
SSH + Sudo + Expect in Bash script: Run command with sudo in remote machine
Error in Script. Command find is skipping folders with space character
How Do I use autofs to map a USB drive by its ID?
Is this a bug? (Collate + duplex printing = unexpected behaviour)
Automate creation of an at job using expect
Bash autocomplete gives different file name than ls
export HTTP_PROXY and special characters in passwd
usb thumbdrive not mountable
Linux - Repairing bad blocks on a RAID1 array with GPT
What's The Best(tm) way to install Emerald into Mint 12?
text processing-perl
Extract value from different column and replace in another column
Terminating an infinite loop
I installed Linux Mint 13 Maya (MATE) 64 bit, what should I choose when asked between Ubuntu, Fedora, etc?
Can not boot ArchLinux with a Macbook pro 7.1
Stripping all vowels but the first from a set of strings
Using the Wifi of a notebook via ethernet for another PC
IO Error in rsync while doing everyday backup
system volume is changed when vlc volume is increased over 100%
GTK::Socket and Gtk::Plug unexpected behaviour under Gnome and FVWM2
PNG viewer that can display text chunks metadata
Use `ln` to create a missing directory
How to change the default filemanager of the Cinnamon desktop?
Is there a standard Unix command to check English verb conjugation?
How can I instruct BSD sed to interpret escape sequences like \n and \t?
Evaluating the return value of a command line
What does ".managed" mean in a babushka package name?
How to fix link error under CMake for class QX11Info on Mac OS X
How can I determine how directories/filesystems have been mounted?
Linux Mint 13 not installing
KDE Kubuntu System Monitor ProcessTable.sgrd and SystemLoad2.sgrd malformed XML
Date computations without GNU tools
Shell function definition: why is there a space after the opening brace?
How to make `xargs` ignore child's exit and keep processing further
What is the terminal's graphic API?
How can I stop dolphin from reading my entire home directory tree in order to make it usable on AFS?
How can I autologin to desktop with systemd?
force re-negotiation of PCIe speed on Linux
is there any command like "wall" that runs a "command" in all terminals
Modern distribution on old hardware
How do I background an SSH session?
Emulate mouse cut'n'paste behavior in a test script
What does it mean when the output of $ls -lasrt includes '.' and '..'
reading from serial from linux command line
Find recursively all archive files of diverse archive formats and search them for file name patterns
Telnet send Ctrl-C
Evince fails to start because it cannot read .Xauthority
Startup script not executing after reboot on Solaris
What is IBM PowerLinux?
Can AIDE scan a directory inside a directory the user doesn't have read permissions for?
Giving SSH users read-only access to a directory
How do I set the password of a new user after the account has already been created?
Colored Prompt in KornShell
Arch Linux: Yaourt/Makepkg Can Not Build Apache
Pipe find into grep -v
Peculiar piping grep/head behavior
Are there any CheckInstall side effects or should I use it every time?
How do I shutdown, reboot and logout the system from the command-line?
vsftpd: Passwordless authentication to different directory
Hurd vs Plan9 vs Linux vs eCos vs FreeRTOS what are the main differences specially with Hurd?
perl-get input, check conditions
Can't find or create trash while deleting files
How to create a fake device file that accepts input from a C program?
Debian Squeeze as a router
Permission issues while setting up cakephp
Advanced NTFS partition file recovery techniques for damaged drives (IO errors)?
How do I setup dual-head monitors with an Nvidia drivers and one monitor rotated?
How do I use pacman on a loop-mounted Arch image for a different architecture?
How do permissions work when moving directories?
Can I start the bluetooth daemon without a USB dongle being connected?
vpn conntect over an additional server
Decrypt files encrypted with gpg using xargs
Unix/Linux C++ debugger that supports STL containers?
How to make a module dynamically loadable on Debian?
Search for files with a specific size inside recursive zipped archives
"Multipass" scripted modification of large file in-place (file-system level)?
Find and install man file manually
How am I supposed to keep up with kernels as a developer?
How to configure VirtualBox to route through tor?
can't initialise/detect 16550A UART at unusual io port address
How can I make Debian run m python script at startup?
Having Cheese automatically take a pic and quit
Importing hdhomerun channels into MythTV
Ido mode and recently opened files
Why would my Linux host suddently stop receiving multicast? All other nics on private network are receiving
Apple Bluetooth Keyboard
Raspberry Pi Wireless USB stick
Recommend distribution for Graphic Design
Changing color depth in linux mint
Where can I find the wireless driver for BCM4311 for OpenIndiana 148?
Changing linux distro remotely while preserving data
anyway to fail/delay a cp process?
Fullscreen applications and dual monitor setup ( + cursor grab )
What tool to execute a command on repeated syslog entries?
What is the best way to implement hotkeys support in Linux?
How can I use two modes in emacs (markdown and auctex)?
How to get my bluetooth keyboard to be recognized before log in?
How do I escape a dot character for an rsync command?
Configure vmware-tools without an initrd image?
Arch linux xfce4 with catalyst
Arch: can't use pacman: error while loading shared libraries
What is the default permission of folder /var?
Can I restrict a user to use special programs?
Does redirecting output to a file apply a lock on the file?
What could cause a cron to run twice at the same moment?
What is the easiest way to set up a FTP server single signon pointing to /var/www?
How to delete a file with multiple colon signs in its name?
Automating textual input from a bash script without using EOF
What is a solid iptables configuration for my desktop?
Graphical interface to YUM in Fedora
Low sound volume on Lenovo laptop under Fedora
How to install program locally without sudo privileges?
Is halt the same as "shutdown -H" and poweroff the same as "shutdown -P"?
What is the meaning and command executed on Ctrl+Alt+Del in Linux?
How do I recover/use Powerpoint speaker notes after import to LibreOffice Impress?
Prevent a command from being executed after another command
How can I use netconsole to help solve a kernel panic?
Migrating a Virtualbox virtual machine into a physical dual-boot system
Grub2 unable to boot encrypted root
Remote SSH user always gets "connection closed"
Start X in Debian Wheezy
error with slap.d while installing software
How can I run a script that starts before my login screen?
What will happen if I run the command init in my Ubuntu Gnome terminal?
How to change the working directory for a shell script
What's up with "*-git date" packages in the AUR?
Installing CPAN dists not in the Arch repos
Duplicate bash prompts
error while loading shared libraries: libGL.so.1: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
Bash: How do I move my cursor to the left a word-at-a-time?
How to set library searching path using environment variable in compile-time
How to get text of a page using wget without html?
svn checkout shows only one file
SSH key-based authentication: known_hosts vs authorized_keys
How do I use a font in .ttc format as the console font?
Setting up Proxy Settings on Debian
How to parse many variables to bash?
Error establishing a database connection; how can I determine whether or not these connections are real?
Configuring default resolution and color depth for RealVNC's vncserver-x11-serviced?
Start new application instance instead of continuing a suspended one
Gunzip multiple files and rename them
How to add variables to script output?
A Calendar/Scheduling application
Add item to inittab on OpenSuse 12.1
How can I set up SSH on Linux to log in password-less?
Taking a screenshot (within X)
Where should I mount my external harddrive?
Download and Install 32-bit Haskell GHC on CentOS
Check if the command exists in bash
rsync: how to exclude the topmost directory
Gnome: how to close all applications?
How to map a console keyboard layout to a X keyboard layout in Linux
Mystery of binary files
GIMP 2.8: how to save file using detected image format
Change Folder Permissions
Open html attachments externally in mutt
how can I make cron run a job right now, for testing/debugging? without changing the schedule!
lsmod returns nothing on my embedded device
How can I install my webcam on Debian?
linum auto-activation in .emacs fails
X11 session environment
How do I change the default text editor in the Debian (squeeze) distro
What does "3>&1 1>&2 2>&3" do in a script?
SFTP and sudo using Windows client?
Is it safe to just copy shared libraries onto embedded Linux device?
Networking is not starting up?
Run a script automatically as I switch to a directory
Wireless mouse freezes frequently for a second on laptop, when on battery
Emacs: Different users, different themes, same init file
Why Xnest server has different glxinfo than normal Xorg server?
How can I take a screenshot in LXDE using scrot and the Print Screen button on my keyboard?
Reset dselect selection before package installation
luakit + awesome wm: make youtube fullscreen work
Korn Shell: End, pgup, pgdown, and delete key not working
How to install/setup psftp in open suse linux?
Make `rm` move to trash
Which partitions should I encrypt?
How do I run my native `pacman` against a mounted image?
Makefile compiles unchanged files
How to run this in sudo?
Change font color and shadow from titlebar in window manager
How to install/upgrade svn on SLE?
Safely uninstall a package in Gentoo
ed: set first line as the default current line
Can git configuration be set across multiple repositories?
need explainations on this network route
"openssl dgst -sha1" producing an extraneous "(stdin)= " prefix and trailing newline
How do I append text to a write protected file
Does Linux kernel 3.x use the CFS process scheduler?
Can't add swap file on solaris
How to disable timeout of password prompt for partition decryption during boot?
Remove Linux Mint and restore windows's bootloader
