Which are the countries where vegan diet is more popular?
What are the main vegan or vegetarian organizations in Latin America?
How much more would beef cost in the USA without government subsidies?
What are the health benefits of raw veganism?
What are the historical roots of antispeciesism?
How to be healthy while ageing, on a vegan diet?
What proportion of people raised vegetarian eventually quit?
Is it advisable to avoid seitan?
Why are some condoms not vegan?
Is "cruelty-free" the same as "vegan"?
Is there any hospitality network for vegans?
Is there a daily limit for absorption of vitamin B12?
When taking B12 supplements, is it a viable strategy to take higher dose every few days as opposed to lower dose every day?
Can too much B12 be harmful?
How does the cost of production of soya milk compare to cow's milk?
How can I get the same rise in baked goods when I replace cow milk with almond milk?
Do some vegans avoid using cookware that's previously been used to cook meat?
Why is the temperature limit for raw food set to 42 C / 108 F?
Can vegan foods produce heterocyclic amines when cooked?
Can products labeled as "produced in factory that handles milk" be considered vegan?
Do vegetable saturated fats increase cholesterol?
Is there any website that tells what vegan recipes I can cook with X and Y ingredients?
Do some vegetarians eat gelatin?
Is there vegan glue that works well on fabric?
Why do people choose to follow a fruitarian diet?
Are natality rates lower among vegans?
Are all contact lenses vegan?
Does the DSM make any reference to veganism or vegetarianism?
Can a fertilizer be vegan?
What are some natural, non-animal sources of heme?
Is it possible to make silk without killing the creatures that produce it?
How can I ask my guests to eat vegan when I host them?
How can I explain my decision to refuse to purchase or handle animal products for others?
Does veganism help with yoga practice? How?
Would vegans eat fruits with worms?
Documentaries in Spanish about environmental impact of meat industry?
Do larvae feel pain?
How to spot when a study is sponsored by the meat industry?
Is there a good rule of thumb for eating correctly?
What nutrients should vegetarians supplement while weight training?
What is the effect of vegan diet on quality of breast milk?
How can I convince my workplace to offer a better vegan menu?
What are the top causes of death for vegetarians?
What funded research projects are going on in the field of vegetarianism?
Is there a book similar to "On Cooking" that will teach the fundamental principles of cooking, from a vegan perspective?
How effective is farming crops without animal derived fertilizer?
Which sort of soy milk makers automate the most steps?
Which personal lubricants are vegan
Are insects a feasible source of proteins for the new millennium?
Does a vegan diet help to reduce allergy symptoms?
Are there any countries where the percentage of people who are vegetarian has significantly increased in recent years?
Which ethical arguments for veg*nism empirically work the most often?
How does cooking affect Omega 3 oils in flax, chia and other seeds?
How can I detect leather besides a sniff test?
What does the term "veg*n" mean?
How to replace cashews in vegan cheese?
Is using bee's wax OK for vegans?
Are there any studies that show differences in health benefits between a low meat eater flexitarian and other vegetarians types?
How much is a person's greenhouse gas footprint reduced by eating vegetarian?
Any suggestions to help someone experiencing joint pain after giving up dairy products?
How big would the populations of farm animals be if not artificially raised by humans?
How big is the impact that humans have on the emptiness of oceans?
How long would it take for oceans to recover if vegetarianism was the norm?
Are there any studies comparing genes of veg*ns and non-veg*ns?
Which places have a majority of vegetarians?
Are animals killed in the production of rexine?
Are there vegan Omega 3 pills?
Are common printer ink cartridges vegan?
Are tattoo inks vegan?
How many animals are required by the average North American omnivorous diet?
Is there a way to take medications that come in capsules that may be gelatine?
Is it possible to make vegan crepes?
In what ways do some consider animal rights issues to be connected to feminist issues?
Which animal species is the most negatively affected by indirect human activities?
How much protein does Aquafaba contain?
What are some vegan substitutes for gelatine in terms of health benefits?
Are there any vegan gummy sweets in brick and mortar shops in the UK?
Does suddenly stopping eating meat cause any difficulties to the body?
Why are agricultural subsidies directed primarily towards animal agriculture?
What are the main arguments against non-human animals holding intrinsic value?
How is the presence of consciousness determined in an animal?
Why do vegans call milk "mylk"?
Is there any evidence connecting meat consumption and violent behaviour?
What percentage of farm animals are mistreated in some way?
Is there a shop selling vegan sneakers in France?
Are there any vegan BDSM products?
What books are recommended for the ethics of veg*nism?
Plants show intelligent behaviour, is this sufficient for moral consideration?
Is "starter" in yogurt vegetarian?
Are probiotics added to soy milk of vegan origin?
Can prebiotics substitute for consumption of probiotics in vegan diet?
How can I approximate the flavour of butter in savoury dishes?
Is it possible to make food without plants, animals, bacteria?
At what age can a kid change their diet from vegetarian to vegan?
How can I deal with meat repulsion?
Bananas - the pros and cons of living off them
How to deal with pressure from family when telling them you are becoming a vegan?
How can commitment to veganism and vegetarianism be encouraged?
What's the difference between legislation protecting pets and lab animals (etc) and farm animals in the U.S.?
Is there a list of which UK E-Numbers aren't vegetarian or vegan?
How can I replace eggs when making an omelette?
Are there any vegan chocolate spreads which taste like Nutella available in the UK?
De-carnivorizing protein
Does eating in a mixed buffet drive up meat demand, even if I only eat vegetarian dishes?
Portable/compact endurance food?
What's a vegetarian substitute for Parmesan?
Why is vegan cheese nicknamed Gary?
Is there a canon for veganism?
How can animal cruelty be considered legal based on "cultural heritage" argument?
Is Marmite (UK) vegan?
What is the standard way for conveying vegan and vegetarian as separate icons?
Do commercial chicken's eggs contain B12?
Why is nutritional yeast nicknamed Nooch?
How would a widespread plant-based diet influence the maximum sustainable human population on earth?
Is usage of corals vegetarian and/or vegan?
What are the best sources of vitamin B12 for vegetarians?
How can I tell if a Chinese bun is vegan or not?
Are cosmetics which are tested on animals vegan?
Is the prevention of imposition of a diet an internationally recognised human right?
Is "Cocamidopropyl Betaine" vegetarian and/or vegan?
Uses for leftover soy pulp after preparing soy milk
Are commercial figs vegan?
Vegan pest control in kitchens
Which contraceptives are vegan?
Can vegans get sufficient iodine from plants and iodized salt?
Is it consistent with veganism to own a pet?
Distinguishing vegan from non-vegan candles?
Non-vegan building materials?
Are all of today's horn-rimmed glasses vegan?
Is it vegan to invite others to non-vegan meals?
Is animal dung considered non-vegan?
Which pets could be kept by someone who chooses to be vegan for environmental reasons?
Would we be overrun by cows and pigs if we stopped slaughtering them?
Is "Sodium oleate" vegetarian and/or vegan?
Are most electronics vegan/vegetarian?
How is the word "veg*n" used in oral communication?
Any studies linking vitamin B12, melatonin, and sleep
Tips on staying healthy as a vegan who travels a lot?
How can I make vegan ice cream myself without expensive equipment?
Do laws about organic foods include directives about animal welfare?
Are there any movies where veg*ism plays a major role in the plot?
Any major philosophy or ideology that promotes veganism?
When did veganism begin to become so popular and how?
How many vegans are needed to reach the Kyoto protocol target?
How I can I convince my (Moroccan) family it's OK to go vegetarian?
Cheapest vegan protein options
Do I need a tofu press to make tofu?
High protein on-the-go vegan snacks
Is there clothing for vegans?
Are there any famous world leaders (politics, religion) who are vegan/vegetarian?
Are there any well known vegan athletes?
What are the positions of major health organisations on vegan diets?
What are the well-evidenced effects of animal agriculture on the environment?
What are well known smoked cheese alternatives?
Is it bad to consume large quantities of spirulina and chlorella?
Why is green gram, also known as mung bean, not a popular protein source?
Traces of non-vegan ingredients
How much land and water is used for farming animals?
Raw food veganism - maintaining energy levels as an older athlete
From a pure personal health perspective how bad are some non strictly vegan/vegetarian products?
What kinds of vegan sausage casings/skins are there?
What are some uses for soy 'whey'?
Is the cheese used in PizzaHut and at Dominos in Malaysia vegetarian?
Are there any countries besides India where it is mandatory to mark food products that contain animal-derived ingredients?
Is brown bread vegetarian and/or vegan?
Are calcium supplements harmful compared to calcium in whole foods?
is QIN Leather, used for smartphone cases, vegan?
Which South American countries are the most vegetarian-friendly?
What are the nutritional properties of soy "whey"?
What are advantages and disadvantages of consuming Multigrain food items?
Was PETA's support of lab grown meat that used calf blood vegan?
What common and/or traditional Turkish dishes are vegan?
Nutritional data for homemade Greek soy yogurt
How do you identify cheese made with animal rennet?
How to avoid worm infestation from consuming raw vegetables?
Some good ways to roast vegetables without using oil?
Difference between flour and wheat gluten when making seitan
Book manufacturing – what to look out for?
What can I swap for cream that's still "creamy"?
Vegetarian diet during pregnancy
Making vegetarian mashed potato hash
What American civil war era recipes are vegan/vegetarian?
Vegan egg nog for the holidays?
Muscle development in adolescents
Protein-rich vegetarian recipes without nuts
How can I make a rich, moist, vegan Christmas pudding?
Where can one buy vegan winter earmuffs?
How should one adapt a vegetarian diet after breaking a bone?
How non-vegetarian is non-vegetarian cheese?
How prevalent is the use of animal matter in organic farming compared to conventional farming?
Vegan wool alternative other than synthetic fiber?
Are there any farms that sell "cruelty-free" eggs (i.e. that don't slaughter older hens)?
How can I prove to people that going vegan reduces animal slaughter?
Are there any studies of methylation status in case of proper B12 complementation in vegans/vegetarians?
Has any government banned animal slaughter for human consumption? Was it effective for increasing animal rights?
Are DM vegan shoes less waterproof than the leather versions?
Are veg pastries from Monginis vegan?
Alternative meat imitation protein options that are GF and soy-free
Is Kellogg's Chocos cereal vegan?
Vegan biscuits/snacks for dogs
Is Mrs Dash vegan?
Could a vegetarian diet indirectly cause vitamin C deficiency?
How to replace eggs in cake recipe and keep the cake from breaking?
Why don't humans use animals after they die naturally?
Are vegan children weaker than average?
Is bloating after a six month vegan diet transition period still normal?
Could wool from sheep living in an animal sanctuary be considered vegan?
Does nutrition information for unshelled edamame include or exclude the shell?
Is it safe to make mylk/milk from rice?
Are leavening agents vegan?
Can I tell whether E-numbered food additives are animal derived?
How can I identify whether the sugar in a packaged food is vegan or not?
How much coffee/tea can cause you to absorb less plant-based iron?
Jobs for a 15 year old vegan?
How can I find out at a job interview whether the company is vegan friendly?
Is body building feasible for vegetarians?
What combination of vegan foods more or less exactly mirrors the nutritional value of an egg?
What's the difference between lactose-free and dairy-free?
How can vegans obtain sufficient zinc from whole foods?
How can I make rice mylk/milk that tastes sweet without adding sugars/sweeteners of any kind?
What amount of vitamin B12 is required per day?
After how long will one see symptoms of lack of B12?
Does dietary zinc/copper balance matter?
Are there any "Vegetarian fish" products?
Would vegetarians eat an animal that died of natural causes?
In Canada, how much soy for human consumption is GMO?
Does a live animal tracking system for vegetarian products exist?
How long can tofu be kept in the fridge after it is opened?
What place do chia seeds have in cooking?
Can aquafaba be used to replace gluten in breads and buns?
What options are available for vegan investing?
Are there risks from eating too much nutritional yeast?
How to be healthy while restricting energy intake on a vegan diet?
Are vegan diets associated with more flatulence?
How accurate are Cowspiracy’s claims about the livestock industry?
How much is leather a byproduct of meat production?
Do apiculturists make more money from honey or pollination services?
Are some religious practices incompatible with veganism?
What calculation provided the amino acid profile of a complete protein?
Does growing crops kill more animals than raising cows on pasture?
Is there any vegan food that is dangerous in excess? Which ones?
Why is keeping backyard hens inconsistent with veganism?
Is wine considered vegan?
Reasons why a Vegetarian/Vegan would eat a meat-substitute food
Is smoking consistent with vegan principles?
Is it necessary to take supplements when starting with vegetarianism?
Do I really help by eating no meat but still eating fish ? How much is my environmental footprint reduced?
What are the good food sources to boost immune system for vegans?
Does eating soy lower testosterone?
Is eating soy linked to birth defects?
Are there any vegetables that can reduce body fat?
Vegan honey substitutes
Do some varieties of rice contain less arsenic?
How to tell the difference between faux fur and animal fur?
Do all wool-bearing animals need to be shorn?
Is iron deficiency anemia more common among vegans?
How much orange juice should I drink to help absorb iron from spinach?
Do any vegan foods provide vitamin D₃?
Which foods benefit from soaking before cooking?
Why did Gardein remove most of their products from Canada?
Are there any dairy farms that don't kill cows or calves?
Why does dairy-free ice cream get so hard?
Which Canadian pizza chain restaurants offer dairy-free cheese?
Are foods with zero cholesterol always vegan?
Which plant-based milks have the highest protein content?
Why do some people have a bad reaction to dairy products?
How can I make okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) without egg?
Did Gordon Ramsay actually go vegan?
Does buying quinoa really take food away from people in Peru and Bolivia?
Are insects a better source of any nutrients than plant-based foods?
Which menu items at a sushi restaurant are probably not vegan?
How quickly could veganism realistically grow?
How common is it for the livestock industry to supplement B12?
Do all cruciferous vegetables have the same nutritional profile?
Which vegetal foods grown in Canada are good sources of fat?
What vegan food could substitute for chunks of beef in stew?
What 1 plant has the widest nutritional value over all other plants in the world?
Does Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen checklist guarantee nutritional sufficiency?
What vegan or animal rights events have spread internationally?
Is it true that no traditional culture ever subsisted on a pure plant-based diet?
How can I tactfully ask someone not to repeat arguments against vegetarianism?
Does the national health insurance in Germany cover the costs of more expensive medicine if the cheapest variant is non-vegan?
Is there a vegan Durian pie recipe?
Food ingredients (in the EU) where it’s uncertain whether they are vegan or not
Do slaughterhouse workers suffer psychologically or become more violent?
Benefits for the used animals when producing according to the EU Eco regulation?
Do Methycobalamin Oral Supplements help raise B12 levels?
What can replace milk, for vegan pancakes without eggs?
Vegan cheesecake?
Where do Vegans get their Omega-3's? [not ALA]
Is this coffee syrup recipe vegan or vegetarian?
Is it true that some plants kill and eat animals?
Is it possible to build muscle on a vegan diet with only two or three meals a day
What vegan food or drink helps to cool off after spicy food?
Make a vegan classic poutine
In order to prevent thrombosis, what supplements should vegans take?
German potato salad tofurkey bacon usage?
Are animal pollinated foods vegan friendly?
Anyone know why Costco / Target pulled 'Just Mayo'?
What meat substitutes can be used in donairs?
Calorific value of 1 ha crops vs herbivores raised on 1 ha pasture
Diabetes and vegan diet to control blood sugar
Readers delight,does it need any tweaks?
Is fat necessary?
Is there a directory of freely available pro-vegan leaflets and literature?
Why do vegan doctors recommend B12 every day/week?
Is the 2014 study saying vegetarian diet is worse than an omnivorous one, still valid?
Why does this vegan chocolate have cholesterol?
Is organic palm oil harmful to animals?
Alternative vegan sources of Omega 3
What are the health benefits of buying organic for fruits and vegetables on the EWG's Clean 15 List?
Why ought someone buy conventional, not organic, for fruits and vegetables on the EWG's 2018 Dirty Dozen List?
Is there a detailed, global history of vegetarianism and veganism available online?
Egg substitute to make vegan cake
Egg wash substitute
What's this vegetable from the A-3013 jigsaw puzzle?
Is it healthy for vegetarians to follow a ketogenic diet?
Are there any foods / nutrients that parents should definitely take into account in feeding infants and children?
What are the disadvantages of consuming more protein than necessary?
Is iron supplementation necessary?
Animal milk, is it healthy?
Database of vegan products in the UK
Vegan bread in UK supermarkets
How can I become vegetarian/vegan when I have allergies to many fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts and spices?
Why isn't rennet vegetarian?
What is the ethical vegan attitude towards free-range animal products?
What's veganism position towards non-human animal euthanasia?
Should I have blood tests if I already donate blood?
What is the aim of being vegan?
Can going vegan have additional benefits for people with Ehlers Danlos Syndrome
Is mushroom vegetarian or non-vegetarian?
Due to potential for rancidity, are oil supplements better than nuts and seeds when one eats the latter only rarely?
Is eating gelatin consistent with veganism on consequentialist grounds?
How to counter the theory that you need to eat a bit of everything to have a balanced life?
Why is Co-op Fairtrade Dark Chocolate not vegan?
What are suggestions for food to consume as a regular vegetarian diet?
How much Potassium K from fennel is lost by juicing?
Is consensual cannibalism vegan?
Is it our natural way of living to be a vegetarian?
Does whey increase demand for dairy?
How are cows harmed in dairy farming?
In which countries are McDonald's fries vegan?
Is there any good quality make-up brand which is 100% vegan?
Are all German beers vegan by law?
Are vegans allowed to kill mice or beetles in their houses? Why or why not?
Why is vegan cheese rarely made using traditional methods?
Vegan survival food
Should vitamin B12 supplement be taken at a specific time of day?
Is it possible to make a vegan chocolate mint cake?
How important is it to watch vitamin K2 levels?
Which ingredient in Cornitos Nacho Chips contains milk?
What is ideal food for doing alpinism (vegetarian)?
Could clean/cultured meat be ethically OK for vegetarians but not vegans?
Nutritionally complete vegan food produced in the nordics
Has anyone considered adding gluten to vegan cheese to provide stretchiness?
Can a vegan ethically buy animal leather knowingly?
Does this quote by plant biologist Olivier Van Aken imply that plants can feel pain?
Have vegetarian or vegan diets been shown to help people with mental illness?
What should I do when receiving non-vegan gifts?
How should I address neglect when coworkers bring in non-vegan donuts?
Why are so many YouTubers giving up veganism now?
Which "fake meats" are most nutritionally similar to meat of animal origin?
Are crops pollinated by bringing in bees still vegan?
Are McDonald's fries vegan in Canada?
What material should I look for if I want a durable/comfortable vegan shoe?
Are black truffles vegan?
How do I avoid explaining veganism?
Is a Range Cooker useful for vegan food?
What can I mix soy protein isolate with so it tastes better?
Are Oreos vegan?
Should I eat meat mistakenly served to me at a restaurant?
What is the name of this choy?
Which country has the highest number of vegetarians?
Plant-based meat-like food producers?
Eating 100 small fish or 1 big fish
Vegan bean burrito?
Protein sources in a raw food diet?
Is giving formula to infants acceptable for vegans
Why do people want to be Vegan?
Vegetarian Mini-Pill (Progestin Only Birth Control)
Do fermented foods from India like idli and dosa contain vitamin B12?
What is the largest and most detailed open dataset for nutrition, maybe with focus on vegan/vegetarianism as of August 2019?
Is boiling oil seeds and oleaginous fruit as effective as soaking them overnight in cold water?
How can I make thick and creamy vegan curd or yogurt?
