The way to imrove vimdiff similarity-searching mechanism
How to avoid "Press Enter or type command" after execution of a mapped command?
How to debug a segmentation fault?
Is there an autocmd event while triggering the insert mode completion popup menu?
Highlighting with :match does not appear in all buffers
vim insert abbreviation with text in front of the map
Insert blank line after different lines
Unicode characters available in shell but not within Vim
How to restore cursor position after search and replace in autocmd
Vim normal and insert mode cursor not changing in GNU screen
Extract line number as a variable to re-insert it
Creating a regex to match html attributes
Status line: Display path to file in the buffer, *without* filename
Toggling Tabs and Spaces
make external command completion case insensitive when called from within Vim
Hardcore vim mode: what is the best way to move vertically?
Invert range selection
Thesaurus file (or plugin for online thesaurus tools) for non-English languages
Remapping key to <Nop> not working
Vertical Navigation secrets without a plugin
Duplicate lines beginning with "x", replacing "x" in the duplicate with "y"?
How to extract part of the current working directory to the statusline?
How to remove line breaks in xml tags?
argdo command hanging
Automatically resize the active window to maximum height
XOR two lines to see differences
How to navigate to template class member via tag command
No shiftround when hitting Tab
Copying just the matches to a register?
Current VimL script path from inside a function
How can I type the alphabetic subscripts?
Using Align plugin
Compiling whole LaTeX projects
Vim global substitution doesn't substite all matches in a line
Vim HardMode Fine Grain Movements
Global append lines
How do I :substitute inside a selection?
Ignoring diacritics/accents when searching
Replace every other line
Replace selection with output of external command
vimrc is not the ultimate configuration file
How can I tell NERDTree to open a file in the current window, even if its open somewhere else?
How to deal with several keyboard layouts when accessing a remote server?
Extract the result of a shell command to a variable in a .vimrc file?
:vsp sometimes making one split bigger than other and hiding NERDTree
Auto completion for option values on the cmdline
Persistently fix the height of a split in vim
How to create multi-line abbreviations
How do I make abbreviations expand for minimal prefixes?
augroup end indentation
Replace Nth Occurrence Using Substitute
Align C preprocessor definitions
Graphical vim: Workflows
Mappings with @="^E" result in @="" and do nothing
Open a filename given by an external command
How to debug an external function
Display current subroutine/subprogram in statusline
Nested highlighting
Problem with color, symbols and upper bar using airline with Vim in terminal
How can I use tmux for copying if I can't access the system clipboard?
Turn off synchronous scrolling not caused by either scrollbind or diff
Access a file under subdirectories of a path through gf command
How can I get gVim on Windows to behave as on Linux?
How do I insert the output of an external command at the cursor position?
Need help for setting up completion for C/C++ with deoplete and neovim
Good method for saving and inserting commonly used snippets
autochdir working with :sp but not :e?
What is the difference between the vim snippets plugins?
How to install YouCompleteMe with Clang completer offline?
Remap keys conflicting with plugin
Auto-updating statuslines of inactive windows
exclude a line from wrap
How do I exclude the → from file name characters?
Executing a command on delimited lines
Vim not sourcing files on startup
Speed dating does not work
Save view after execute command?
Reverting the vim source command
Neosnippet expands to "options head"
Problem using autoclose plugin with pathogen
How to switch semicolon to colon to repeat last f or t search?
perl multi line comments are not aligned properly
Is syntax keyword case sensitive?
Applying changes to lines in alternating modes
Why doesn't n jump to the last character matched with f?
Extra trailing whitespace in regex match using "&"
Is there a better way to create this "semi-strong" left motion?
Lots of Explore issues
How to change the title shown in the window top bar?
Assign keybinding to invoke my Ultisnip snippet
Is there a way to encapsulate a variable with a method with a repeatable action?
Is there a better version of vim which is not implemented in vimL?
How to get an Input() with directory completion and command line recall?
Can I yank from the current position of the cursor to the end of the line without the newline?
What does vim consider a paragragh?
Why using external "tr" command on lines with Farsi numbers does not work correctly?
Why does pasting screw up my text file and shell script?
Emulate some of spacemacs leader keys in Vim
How to move the line under the cursor to the middle of the screen by scrolling (not automatic)?
How to scroll without forcing the cursor on screen (by letting the cursor off screen)?
How do I make key mappings for both OS X and Linux?
Weird behaviour with <c-i> and :normal
How do I map a key to search for a pattern and replace it with newline in ex/vi?
How to search for a pattern that starts at newline in ex/vi
Vim, ctags and overloading
How to copy first four characters of every line to the end of that same line?
In my vimrc how to test if a plugin is installed?
How to add numbered movement to the jump list?
Is there an option to zero-pad line numbers?
Autocmd for scrolling a window?
How do I get Vim to correctly highlight Math mode in LaTeX command options?
Change copies to the current register
Can I give YouCompleteMe a static list of completions?
How to paste a text block in visual block mode?
How does one include a trailing space in a mapping?
How can I run a ft-plugin with the new built-in package manager in Vim?
How to set commands for unrecognised file type
Problem when assigning a keybinding to open the output of a shell command in vim
Function that opens file for editing
Why doesn't select mode appear in the status line?
Going back to the [n] last edited position
Neomake prints results to terminal when invoking upon wq
How to auto save file when moving between split?
Any way to display *all* characters?
Compute the distance between two marks
How to Start Graphical Neovim from OS X Terminal?
How do I loop over a list of files from a visual selection?
How to Get GVim which can be Killed by CTRL-W?
How do I install Neovim with GUI and msgpack support in Ubuntu?
Change color of misspelled words in vim-lexical
how to show suggestions for a group of words inside a quote or bracket
How do I evenly distribute GVim windows started from a key-binding?
Edit a directory inside Vim
Use Vim with virtualenv
Highlight current line, but not for files inside certain dirs
Line completion disregarding line prefix
How to customize object-motions?
How do I get multiple vimwikis to show under "Vimwiki / Open Index" in the gvim menu?
Same vimrc, customized per machine
Visual selection in Nvim-R plugin sends one line too much to terminal
How to put at end of line?
opening another file with path relative to current directory
Why does Vim treat the `<link>` tag in XML files differently?
Conversion from XML to KML
When editing a ruby file with includes/requires how can I open the file containing the method I am on?
Creating user's own alert/prompt message
Adding diacritics slowly
Why is a pipe interpreted as a command termination in :cexpr system('shell cmd')?
What does vim try to tell me with: 'Sorry, this command is disabled, the Pythons's site module could not be loaded'?
Can't get color output in MacVim's command line
How can I get python library help in vim?
What are some ways vim's interface could accommodate small-screen and touch-screen devices?
How do I fix indentation after multiline c++ initialization list?
Why is navigation to mark a ('a) not working?
Start server from within existing Vim instance
Problem using harlequin colorscheme in vim with pathogen
How do I make Vim always display several lines after EOF?
How do I exit ex input mode?
E890 Trailing char after ']' - vim/neovim regex
Issue with paste command remap in vim
Mapping doesn't work for tabs
Custom syntax highlighting: highlight word following keyword
Use motion in normal mapping calling a function
Is there search and replace history in vim?
specifying a range the last of which is the penultimate line
Fold outside a selection
How to debug a mapping?
Linewise history
Map escape key to "right alt" key on a mac keyboard in .vimrc
Run file though a command when opening from Explore
Efficient ruby line splitting
How to save and restore a mapping?
Nested matching group in regex
What does yap<S-}>p do?
Search within syntax group?
How do I manage and remember many abbreviations in my vimrc?
Use an expression as `lhs` in a mapping
Jump to next occurrence of the word I just changed
Motion to jump back one level of indentation, not including blank lines
How to restore the position of the cursor after executing a normal command?
How do I comment out lines without changing indentation?
How to discover available keybindings for Vim's vanilla TeX mode?
Replace current line with filtered lines
How to use <Leader> in a normal command?
What captures the <Shift>+<Ins> key combination?
How to open a list of files into tabs with Tab-top-bar?
What does <C-@> do?
Vim setup for Python 3
iunmap is not working inside my Vim script
Diffing two time stamps under selection
Is there a platform independent way to use "${ENVVAR}more_text" in vim?
How to use external python modules with NeoComplete?
Imaps automatically removed when in "completion mode"?
How to set up a Build > Make > Run cycle for a C++ project?
Working with shell command strings in vim's system() function
How to check the syntax of a file on the fly?
Mapping ; to Escape and Ctrl+; to ;
Call function on several lines
how to use a literal # in a vim string?
Sharing variables between different files in a plugin
Is there a content length limit on the selection and drop register "+?
Insert mode counts in neovim
Why does replace not accept a motion?
How to setup Neomake with Python?
Searching/replacing exact word in vim by default
Autocommand when writing to files in the arglist
Move to non-existing Nth column
How do I get the next n characters input by the user?
Using '-c' when calling vim from terminal
Vim indentation of a bash script seems broken after a pipe
Why do I need to use q! after `find ... | vim -`, i.e., reading from stdin?
Window Swtiching Mappings Not Working
Workaround for :Q to :q while quitting in VIM
How to check whether the cursor is at the boundary of a syntax item for indentexpr?
Why Error E172 on Execution?
Remember previous session
Why should I use either dein.vim or vim-plug?
Search and replace depending on capitalization of letters
delete entire line after first whitespace on every line
Repeat n time a mapping starting with a count
delete repeated line in vim, keep the n-th line in Vim
Check if current line ends in a comment
cpoptions and parenthesis text objects
Cannot exit Vim even using q!
How to display line numbers in netrw v125 (vim7.0)?
How to disable YouCompleteMe's error checking?
Sourcing vimrc changes vimrc's formatoptions
Is it possible to edit a terminal buffer in normal mode?
Share completions between running vim instances
Can you increase the span of a window?
How do I prevent a gVim server window stealing focus when receiving a remote command?
How can I insert a line with `:normal!`?
Autoreturn after external command
Header from Templates not appearing in newly created C source files
Regex to match spaces that are NOT at the beginning of a line?
Status line group constant width
Vim indent rules apply to existing files but not to new ones
Statusline function only displayed when sourcing .vimrc
Visual block insert new line
SpecialKey foreground color w/ cursorline set
Quick search, limited to a C++ function
Copying and pasting while inserting
sourcing .vimrc file put square brackets around file icons
How to remember the most basic commands
How can I define a key mapping which involves a control character?
Reduce two consecutive character to just one and remove if that character is standalone
Jump to next identifier in Vim help files
Use backspace to modify the current command in normal mode?
How to automatically lower case the second letter of a word?
Create ,SI command to pack numbers and unit into \SI{...}{...}
How to escape strings containing keys (when mapping) or call function with noremap
Open files with "whitespace names" from within Vim with gx
How to remove lines matching pattern in all files changed in one editing session?
The $path used by ":!start cmd" is different from my system $path in windows
What are practical uses of the client-server mode?
Changing value of $MYVIMRC
How can I change the indent size?
Make my .vimrc config work with less
Is there any list of filetype extension names?
Getting tags to show in tagbar for JS file
MacVim current tab goes black when closing another tab
Overriding highlighting style for one syntax
How can I fix the default bash syntax highlighter?
Something like iabbrev that works in the middle of words?
Automatically call matchadd() in every new window without producing duplicate entries
From a TextChanged autocommand event, how to get the range that has been changed?
Code Completion for Module based JavaScript files in Vim
Visual block yank to end of line
How do I react to keypress in a neovim python remote plugin?
Replacing last comma on each line
What's the best way to initialize a list of a predefined length?
Block-less argdo on many files?
Autocmd overshadowing?
vim shortcut for ignore spell-checked word
For an autocmd in a ftplugin, should I use pattern matching or <buffer>?
Ethan Schoonover's Solarized color scheme does not work as expected
Why does "Operator" + "Motion" behave inconsistently?
How to disable search highlight automatically after searching?
multiple highlight with multiple color
How to change the entry split from the .vimrc?
linux: yank to clipboard, cut to primary
Highlight line number of folded lines
Vim Equivalent of Spyder's Variable Explorer
accidental turn of mouse wheel when pasting text
inoremap only works after source
`'errorformat'` incorrectly matching file name
Parse literal string as if enclosed by double quotes
How do I paste the same line of code X times but change one word in the line each time?
Why doesn't search for word under cursor (* and #) turn on search highlighting and how do I enable it?
Turn off Vim spellcheck in custom region
Carriage return as argument breaks the function
Matching matching brackets
Getting Error while opening files through vim
How to switch between syntastic error window and editor window
Troubleshooting mapping
How to align statements around a particular word or token?
How to quit one file and simultaneously open another file in vim?
How do I search only the displayed part of concealed text?
Latin Capital Letter Thorn
How to change the color used to highlight function calls?
Can I define a custom encoding for vim?
How can I run :substitute on only part of the line and not all of it?
Truecolor (termguicolors) causes display issues in Tmux
Why is the expression register "read only"?
How to open a file from active buffer into a split window?
Is there a way to restrict search results to differences in a diff?
How to toggle comments with ctrl+/?
How do I get back to the current working copy while viewing git revisions?
Why vim-airline displays ☰ character?
Use search matches as parameters in external command
additional input complication due to auto-match bracket in Vim
Change color of Vim error message when .swp file exists
Make gvim show Q letter (character)
How to map key to a substitute command with dynamic text?
Better "bro ol"
Delay when inserting new lines
"scroll-smooth" remapping works only in second buffer
Copying lines when v is not implemented?
Toggling comments on and off
Changing background color of cursor during selection
insert register contents on a macro
Why does vim tell me that I added an autocommand?
How can I use marks to jump to locations in files I have recently opened, but not changed?
automatic text wrapping messed up with parenthesis
Remap plugin command with plugin command + vim shortcuts
Replace a pattern with current line number
autocmd mark statements causing problems with nerd tree and netrw?
For column navigation, is there a nice to display column numbers the way we typically display line numbers?
Why is vim giving me an "i <Up> * <Esc><Up>" startup error with the mapping "inoremap <Up> <Esc><Up>"?
Integrate MacVim and RStudio
Motion remap to select function doesn't work with v
Move to next unmatched line with vimdiff
Avoid ending up in mode from onoremap
Open text file in an existing console vim window
Backward search command ignores "\" in regexp "o\?"
Jumping from function definition tag to prototype tag
Set highlight in vim function
Way to get content of Visual Selection?
Break long comments
How do I open a new buffer without opening it in a split?
How do I ignore regex failure while running a macro?
Jumping to start/end of function definition in C++
cnoremap and the <esc> key
Delete indenting spaces one at a time
How do I open several FORTRAN files in Vim and save them as HTML files?
Copying absolute filepath of selected file in Netrw
Use conditional operators AND or OR in an IF statement?
Get 'second previous' occurrence using `search()`
How to clear previous search highlight in vim?
How to paste from an external source on VI/VIM
Add constant integer to visually selected numbers
Make Vim sessions save alternate files
Equivalent of !n in bash in vim for ex commands?
Make vim-fugitive care about the current working directory when a file is not being edited
How to set manually the alternate file
explore, netrw: How to navigate to a file / folder starting with "abc"
Changing of disk partition with netrw on Windows
Order of matches in syn-cluster
How can I show the + register in Airline?
Open command window dynamically
Function does not work when called as from a mapping
Is there a way to repeat the pænultimate (or older) change?
Indenting now add suspicious chars to my files when pasting
How do I configure vim to show a character when a line is too long to be displayed?
Make Vim sessions save the content of unnamed buffers
What is the best way to re-factor a variable name in vim?
Copy a word and paste the same word at multiple places in vim
Macro fails using arrows
Is it possible to add a specific text string in the beginning of creating a certain file type?
Abort an operating pending mapping
Use the same key for `, ~, esc
Word motion and dots behaves differently in bash scripts
Is it possible to execute a :normal command ignoring user-defined maps?
In Vim, how can you delete following identical rows in a visual selection, without sorting?
Removed my vimrc but vim still starts in nocp mode
Philosophical question: Is remapping keys to allow navigation in Insert Mode bad practice? In fact, why even have Normal Mode?
Certain functionality doesn't work with `normal!`
How can I display multiple lines in the same compiler error when using :cn?
Braces don't match with regex equals operator
% operator without using enclosing brace
In a regex, why aren't the multi + and {1,} always parsed exactly the same way?
How to initialize variables in while loops
How to automatically open the location list window after using the :lhelpgrep command?
Original vi (version 1.1): Copy lines to alternate file without using named buffer
Iteration over list seems to be broken
Configure custom key mapping for commenting
How to I get around "normal" exiting visual mode?
Move unambiguously to the next position with changing rows
How to use a specific vimrc file and still load the usual files?
'Very nomagic' doesn't work as expected
Does vim support spell checking in the command line?
A built-in way to make Vim open a new buffer with file?
How can I copy over an ssh session without +clipboard?
Vim hide buffer like in emacs?
gqip for VHDL comments does not work
How can I insert text from the command prompt?
au FileType netrw echom "ft is now netrw" does not show up in :messages
Conflict between python used by vim and by YouCompleteMe
How do you change the last n characters for a range of lines?
How to set a local variable for a plugin in a BufNewFile autocmd
Why is the visual selection represented by these characters: '<,'> ? Can it be parsed?
Dump the output of internal vim command into buffer
How to auto fix common linting errors reported via syntastic?
Vim doesn't use the correct indentation in Python files
directory path search for :read
Can I run -c in batch mode (without opening the curses display)?
How can you indent your current file without losing your cursor position?
Customize syntax highlighting in netrw
Working with error lists while compiling
Search for mismatched length alternative pattern?
Clear NeoVim Terminal window
Prevent the cursor from moving to the start of the yanked text?
How to restore bash terminal title if using 'set title' in vim?
Find first occurrence of string or return end of file
Preload a named register?
mapping to quit using "<Ctrl> + q" not coming into effect
How to move multiple IPs to different lines
vim delete parenthesis
Expand visual selection to inner curly braces
Start and attach to neovim in same python file
Remapping home row keys hjkl when using repmo plugin
How to use the argument of a vimscript function in an inner python function?
How do you indent > < without leaving visual mode and losing your current selection?
Your tips to learn regexp
auto insert text when creating a new file
Map a command that accepts an argument
How I force [count]<C-x> to leave leading zeros?
Is it possible to have vim show the list of available marks when using marks?
Vimscript - Invalid argument in function declaration
Split window & Fuzzy finder path with Nerdtree
Colon remap not working for registers(?)
How to make vim search every time I add a new character to the search?
MiniBufExpl: List buffers by window
Shift+F8 changes letter case for 2 letters; how to unmap this?
How can I easily list the content of the registers before pasting?
Difference between full and short command
How to add space around a symbol using vim?
What prevents the cursor from moving to the first column on some help files?
Print neovim api-info using python 3
Vim doesn't refresh screen when going fullscreen
How to map keystrokes to a command?
Syntax highlighting not working vim-polyglot
Split a line by non-letter characters
edit file without swap file within a vim session
How do I keep custom cursor reset function from interfering with vim-template?
New lines are not continuing block comments, only in php
system function output with Chinese chars
How to delete searched line and next
Creating a list of files contained in a buffer
How to pass current file name with a different path to the command line
How can I securely restrict vim access to a single file?
Leader shortcuts ignored
Use [d with ruby functions
Neovim Airline Powerline Fonts won't work
Concatenating continuation lines
How to apply certain vim config only to .py files
How to define an operator which is updating while it is taking input?
Perform previous substitution for different selection with single keystroke
Make cnext and cprevious loop back to the begining
How to preview the result of markdown file edited in vim?
How to remap <C-W>hjkl to navigate tmux panes and vim splits
Vim not displaying deleted text correctly in tiling WM
Sort every few lines
What controls (de)indenting when inserting a brace character?
Vim is taking a really long time to open spelling suggestions
Using the same plugin folders for gvim and with vim in cygwin
Vim conceal indentation. Replace indentation spaces with utf-8 chars
Toggle highlighting of trailing whitespace
Equivalent of emacs open line C-o
What is the relevance of has("autocmd") today?
How to conveniently add ornate headers to source code?
Keep cursor in fugitive-:Gstatus window when view diffs/splits
NeoVim: default colors don't match vim's
Can I change the encoding of the content of a file to show Chinese characters?
Edit width-limited comment blocks faster
Airline does not display correctly unless I source _vimrc
Yank all function names in a file
Remapping Ctrl-(h j k l) to move between windows
Encoding of the spellfile en.utf-8.add
Command to delete inside parentheses doesn't work
How do I prevent W16 "Warning: Mode of file "..." has changed since editing started"
Get which plugin sets a specified variable?
Make vim switch to other window after opening a diff
What does <ctrl-h> do?
How do PuTTY/KiTTY ANSI colors affect Vim colorschemes?
Weird vertical bar to left of line numbers
Prevent vim closing the editor when the last window/splits are help pages
Fire autocmd FileType on current buffers in windows
Is it possible to open a new file that starts with '+'?
Substitute second occurence on line
How to insert repetitive text with minor difference in vim?
Change or reverse order of arguments
Replace . with -> in specific places
syntax: match all lines with a given pattern that follow a line with a different pattern
Gotchas for changing spacebar to insert a space?
search: move window below next found line
Leader versus macros
How to change the character after the cursor?
Delete to ; if exists, otherwise to end of line
return to normal mode when the window loses focus
Can the ENTER key be made to behave like the RETURN key? Should I do so in vim?
Set option just for one command
Mapping key to execute shell script from vim
How can I enable folding only for files longer than a certain length?
How to save and restore the result of the command 'set'?
How to apply a modeline added to an unnamed buffer?
Is there some way to echo from terminal into new vim buffer
Mapping without polluting the original operator
Vim wrap only current line
Command to loop through spelling suggestions
How do I open a shell in only one tab in Vim?
How to change text in other line when the pattern is found?
How to not display a certain error
Don't fail if pattern is not found
How can I highlight matching "%" names (e.g. if/end, for/end) defined by matchit.vim on selection?
Keep windows reference in memory
Run :cwindow after :Neomake finishes
File emptied when command not found
What does `1 do?
Vim switch statement cindent options
Structural navigation by indentation level
How to ignore a column when visually selecting a paragraph
Vim black text on black background in command line in Windows 10 while editing git commit message
Can I write Japanese (SKK) text in Vim?
Matchit Plugin: issues when resetting regular expressions in "b:match_words" for detecting Matlab file keywords
PyClewn Failed to start error
How to automatically turn off "hlsearch" after I'm done searching?
Is my vimrc properly organized?
How to color the column right after the line numbers and before the beginning of line?
Does Vim have a marketing symbol?
How to avoid repeating pattern strings in syntax files?
How to completely turn off colorscheme?
How to paste a line inside another line ? i.e. How to paste a line as words?
How to set the relative indent after breaking Python lines?
How do I delete/unset a buffer local option (such as autoread)?
Vim compilation requirements for Nvim-R
Wrong colors inside tmux
Make zG and zW persistent
How to make Vim close Syntastic buffer when closing main file?
How can I hide blank lines in vim without actually removing them from the text I am editing?
How can I fix "missing" syntax highlighting for Python keywords such as "self"?
"Change" as much whitespace as necessary
How to insert comments into longer expression
Way to do mulitple substitutions on selection
Can I move my current tab to a split in a different tab?
Can I use emails in the completion list from CTRL-P
`mode()` always seems to return 'n'
What does <Shift-v><Shift-j> do in Vim
How to set functionality of <BS>
Use pattern of global ex command found on a line to substitute in another line
How to write each line into separate file?
How to keep Vim from exiting Visual Mode due to mouse clicks while mouse=a?
Find a non-regular expression tag in a specific tags file
YouCompleteMe C++ semantic completion does not work for . operator
Unexpected exit when <c-x><c-o> in Python file
How can I make an inoremap that calls a function
Some mappings in my .vim/ftplugin/*.vim change upon entering a window with different filetype, and some don't. What could be the reason for this?
Escaped "escape" in key binding with :execute normal! is not getting escaped! String is terminated in middle of remap
ignoring spaces in search like ignoring cases
Running find-and-replace in Visual Mode :'<,'>s/^/string/g inserts "string" at 0 position instead of ^ (first non-whitespace) position
In what order does Vim read ftplugin files, syntax files, and the .vimrc when the commands (e.g. set syntax=mysyntax, filetype plugin on) are called?
How to disable auto-indent when pasting in BusyBox's Vi?
How to load a single plugin when starting vim from the cmdline
How to output result of vim commands to shell
How to configure nvim to use single escape to exit insert mode?
How I configure Vim for use with netrw?
Vim Text object and parentheses
I cannot append a matching pair to b:match_words
Cut and copy : Blackhole and default register assignment
Vimrun.exe keeps opening and closing when statusline is updated
Loading ultisnips with NeoBundleLazy
Interrupting (blink-highlighting) function if mapping is invoked again
How to customize the entries in the completion menu?
wrap breaks when using delete or change word type commands
How can I change the default grep call (grepprg) to exclude directories?
Mapping Ctrl with equal sign
How can I uninstall a plugin I erroneously installed multiple times?
Assign shortcut to a Split window resize Ctrl+w+|
How can I increase floating number with ctrl-a without deleting zeros?
autocmd VimLeave event not firing
No echo command?
Echo message on startup without prompting
Using vim diff to compare the working directory to the HEAD in git?
Paste visual block selection on its own lines
What does Command+s do in MacVim?
Is there anything like matchaddpos() but stick the highlight with the character instead of grid?
with matchit installed %match parenthesis and brackets only once in Fortran files
Syntastic checking for embedded handlebars code?
How to allow editing of a file from other sources while it's already open in vim?
How to map a shortcut for saving the file
How to enter and display German Umlauts on a Windows 10 machine with Russian locale?
Autocomplete after serveral chars
Why can't UltiSnips use python while 'python' is enabled?
key mapping hints plugin
How to activate vim-snippets for UltiSnips and Pathogen?
How to show all unique types of a pattern?
Map movement keys to jump words like in non-modal editors
Transforming a long table into multiple columns
Jump cursor vertically over code blocks. Keep horizontal position
How can I reload my .vimrc without appending anything to my current settings?
Open file in a new instance of vim from nerdtree
Is it possible to obtain the displayable area, width and height of current buffer in Vim?
How to execute persistent command from vim to bash?
Vim syntax highlighting for custom C types
How can I find the list of all of vim's default keybindings?
How can I define an operator that takes a register as an argument?
How to install base16 for iTerm2?
Run a function once on every paragraph
Act on lines changed by previous command
EasyGrep plugin - is there a way to search only the current buffer
How to export information from vim to bash
Mapping ctags keys
Is there any documentation available on the internals of netrw?
Keep matchadd and matchaddpos up to date after file changes
How can I use insert mode completion in a macro?
vim diff isn't working while my shell is powershell
Is Vim's filename completion broken in Windows when using uppercase u umlaute (Ü)?
Can I specify the encoding of a sourced file?
Vim syntax highlighting for ChatScript language?
Align code functions documentation
soft linewrap width
Can someone explain the strange behaviour with indenting during reformatting?
How can I get more features?
How to save color scheme in gVim between sessions?
How To Disable Backspace in normal mode
Is there a way to insert a path of the file instead of opening it with CtrlP plugin?
Can I still use console vim if I install a GUI version?
Make column for signs permanent in gVim
How to redraw vim after a function call to the commandline
Redo earlier edit operation
How to keep the screen position from "zt" after switching buffer
How to enter commands starting with i
Stop vim from removing whitespace on save for diff files
How to install vimtex.txt helpfile properly?
How do I search google from vim?
File name completion relative to currently edited file
Replace last instance of character (and there's more)
Why the result file of cscope found in quickfix window can't be showed in file explorer?
Case Insensitive Search with g ex command?
Why does cindent align statements to closing } in switch case?
What is the difference between a tab, viewport, window, split and buffer?
Make pipe behave like `col('.')`
"Next" behavior and "E165: Cannot go beyond last file"
How do I "draw" a buffer from scratch in an efficient manner?
Writing a vim fold expression for fountain.io files
what is the command for "Select All" in vim and VsVim?
Trouble with vimrc
Run global with range from within function
When remapping the yank operator, the named register it lost
What is the letter's meaning in non focused tabs
Escape quotes within quotes in command
Go to the last wrapped line with G
Incrementing File Names
Using visual mode without changing gv
Physical backspace button mapped to <Del>
Why does reverse indent enter Hebrew?
GnuPG encrypted file editing with Neovim
Solarized colorscheme is not displayed correctly (cursorline and relativenumber column)
How to make hjkl with shift more flexible?
Is there any way to distinguish between neovim and regular vim?
How to center a cursor on the screen, even at the start of the file
Set line numbers only while in normal mode
Why alt key mapping not working in vim? but it works in neovim
after-directory is not loaded
VIM FZF, searching multiple directories
How to predefine the cursor position in command?
Reopen the most recently closed buffer
understand the need of "\v" in substitution
Indentation in three piece comments in javascript
What is the most efficient way to invert two words?
Search and replace with multiple special characters
Permission dependent behavior
ctrl+o and ctrl+i don't work with line skip motion 10j
Gvim : Statusline is loading but not its colours
How to search and jump to tag without going to window of tagbar?
How do I automatically generate a tags file with ripper-tags for ruby?
Vertical split keymap suddenly broken
Why Vim sets max text width to 79 instead of 80?
Python imports autocompletion
repeat indent-to-previous-position in vim?
Strange behavior from the complete() function
Is there a way to highlight searches done with grepprg?
Having scoped script functions
How do I properly manage a directory listing within a buffer?
I can't switch to | cursor in insert mode
How to navigate when using netrw-R (rename)
How to set a key mapping in the modeline?
LaTex-vim cannot compile files with spaces in name
Where is xxd in Windows gvim?
Visual block append does not seem to work with Inside Paragraph (ip)
Substitution at the beginning of the text line, not the absolute beginning of line
What does "toggle" mean in the context of Lexplore?
What is a more efficient way to use buffers?
Uninstalling a plugin that was installed through a Vimball
Understanding the beginning and end of word pattern-atoms
How can I indent JavaScript that's within <script> tags in an HTML file?
How move current line to top of the window with `scrolloff` set
How do I make netrw behave with respects to cycling through buffers with :bprevious/:bnext
python-mode python interpreter & cjrh/vim-conda
Line number specific text-width setting
How to escape single quote in Vim
List of buffers in view pane
vim :wq! on file with read-only permissions after escaping loading loses information in that file
How to map "make" to "make | copen"?
How to do restrict keyword inside special lines?
How to replace all "printLog();" into "//printLog();" but not resulting "////printLog();"?
Define range as: "from first line matching to last line matching a given pattern"
Why does dt$ not delete until the end of line?
understand backslash in search pattern in case of "very nomagic" mode
Good Ways to Get Over that Vim Learning Curve?
When to use :grep and :vimgrep in vim?
How to hide NERDTree when vim called with -R option?
How to stop quitting vim but close windows?
imap `^^` to `^{}<++>` and place cursor inside
How to turn off completion (enabled by default in Arch)?
Disable spell check for single character words
syntax highlighting for indentation sensitive multiline comment
Focus previous tab/window when closing current
What is '\%' and '\@' token's name in vim regex? And what does it do?
vimgrep can not find a pattern in specified directory
How to add or remove a string in a line depending on the presence of this string?
How to paste columns vertically to columns with unequal number of characters
Vundle load plugins while still in .vimrc
How do I restore visual mode selection highlighting?
Includes in vimrc?
Unmap netrw-c in vinegar.vim
Fastest way to delete part of word from end of word?
Get a vimdiff view of changes made by a patch / diff file
Output Vim display to Text
How to prevent indent, unindent (>>, <<) from re-aligning text?
How can I create a mapping only in "plain" visual mode?
Create a new line with indentation matching the cursor position
Why does this auto command to disable hlsearch not work?
How would I modify this function to restore from a specified register?
how to use Netrw Directory Listing in VIM split window without exiting it when a file has been read
set noautoread for one function
Substitution using groups from regex works only on one group out of three
Diff more than 4 buffers at the same time
Replace using info from the replaced string
How do I prevent the delay when mapping jj to <ESC> in insert mode?
Best Practices for working with an indent-sensitive language?
Why do I get the "tag stack empty" error when using :ptag and other commands?
How to filter discontinuous line sets through an external program (Is it possible to combine :g global command with :range! external program filter)?
How to trace the origin of an autocomplete feature, in order to turn it off?
How to change the location of a new vertical split?
Key binding for enter key in insert mode
Why does vim use hjkl for cursor keys?
How can I format objects wrapped inside curly braces?
Fix indentation after a multiline HTML tag
How to remap <Plug>vimtex#delim#close()<CR>?
How to append <cr> to a register from a yank?
indent command does not indent matched lines
Why cannot I source vimrc for the current file being editing?
Erase all lines except for the current one
Open markdown filename under cursor like gf, and jump to the section?
Search and replace a visual selection in the whole file
allow splits to have 0 width and height
autocmd not being executed when opening file
A side pane file explorer that can list files by modification dates?
Is there a way to make the `r` operator accept a motion?
Spread already open files into split view
Mapping Esc+key (hold down escape and press another key to perform action)
set formatoptions in vimrc is being ignored
How to operate on all of a word without its surrounding space?
How to make horizontal scrolling easier when the cursor is not ideally located?
Understand addition on numbers in Vim
How to display all line numbers in Vim?
Bubble line Up/Down in any modes
What is the rationale for \r and \n meaning different things in s command?
How do I enable language-specific syntax inside a heredoc?
understand the logic between Vim script "if" statement and filetype command
How can I set the working directory for only the job_start() process?
Weird characters are appearing while i move in blank spaces
Mouse click navigation in vim tab
Why does this clipboard manipulation that works on Vim not work on GVIM?
Backspace inserts "^?" in vim
How to see the complete default mapping in Vim?
How to restore cursor shape when exiting/stopping vim?
onoremap: defining a bounded region
open salt://whatever as somedir/whatever
Can I make all "resize split" commands take a default count?
How do you find where a variable was last assigned?
Does powerline and vim work in windows using Cmder shell terminal?
How to make formatoptions+=a useful?
Git submodules for syntax files
softtabstop == tabstop VS softtabstop=0
Neomake hanging when using eslint
How to disable special characters in insert mode?
Text expansion for LaTeX editing
How to Get syntax highlight of LaTeX in Debian's Vim?
confirm(msg, choices) without newline on msg?
Does "set" command affect only the active buffer?
Calling vimgrep so that results from the current file are on top?
Create a mapping which depends on an "argument keystroke"
store regex searches in vimrc as mappings
How can I run a batch file in Vim's console?
Customizing the functionality of Ctrl-D is it possible - so=50 only with ctrl+d and ctrl+u
Yank only matched unique strings of a pattern in lines to a register?
Why do I get an E488 error when printf .vimrc?
Python integration in Vim on Raspberry Pi
Why should I use augroup?
How to use <Tab> to indent code in select mode?
Syntax highlighting with nested braces and forbidden keywords
Reading external file data at the end of the buffer
Can't get deoplete plugin working in Neovim
incorrect auto-indent in bash code
Saving object state between foldlevel calls
Is it possible to define the pwd for an external command runs in without changing VIM's pwd?
Why my easytags plugin not generating tags automatically?
What is the difference between :quit and :close commands?
Is there any way to edit ipynb files by using vim?
Move cursor from surrounds
Why does the null character in insert mode insert the contents of the ". register?
how to change python interpreter used by jedi-vim
Substituting something with empty string?
How to save a view (with folds) into the file?
continue buffer in new window
Shortcut / abbreviation to insert text block
Delay with remapped q
Can a text file be recovered only from the .*.swp file?
redraw problem after returning from external command
What is the use case for the weird paste behavior?
Allow comment highlighting inside biblatex entries
How can I highlight misuse of tabs and spaces according to current configuration?
What is the Vim8 package feature and how should I use it?
How can I keep the gutter width constant when using YouCompleteMe?
Function argument editing
How to replace pattern in multiple lines with different replacements?
Execute curl command with variable interpolation
How to fold markdown using the built-in markdown mode?
Vim to behave like nvi when opening line in empty buffer
Why does nmap work but nnoremap not work to set up vim-easy-align shortcut?
Vim highlights long lines for all files
Why vim can't find a word in a js buffer when autocompletting?
How do I turn off the "feature" where the pound sign "#" is forced to 0 position?
How to remove unnecessary tags generated by neocomplete plugin of vim in my code snippet?
Why won't vim-plug install my plugins? [typo]
How can I toggle between single and multi-line expressions of arrays?
Send all writable buffers to external command?
How to change buffer name for NeoVim Terminal special buffer
How do I ShaDon't?
How to format a mapping to an if statement?
Unmap locally a mapping from .vimrc
What are the advantages of using colon for commands instead of semicolon?
inoremap <Up> <C-c>gka sometime does not work
Substitute words enclosed between comma or open-parenthesis and comma or closed parenthesis
How to select the tag to open when several tags have the same name?
Map 'Jump to mark line' to 'Jump to mark position'
How to set formatoption so that a blank line isn't needed between two paragraphs?
Make neovim background the same colour as the terminal background
How to add a tags file with expand
`s` doesn't trigger surrounding, but substitute (`cl`)
Syntax highlighting for custom LaTeX commands
Use visual mode to convert text to unicode bold formats?
Vim compiled with python3 but has('python') returns 0
Why my dot key doesn't work properly in insert mode?
cannot source file when trying to make a vim pluggin with python3
gvim window looks bad
Is there a way to map PC "Options" key in vim?
How to override the move left motion
How can I make two substitution command in one line
How can I get vim to include suffixes in <cfile>?
Get column of last character in visual line - Vimscript
What is resetting my softtabstop?
What is the best practice in vim8 for wrapping with indentation aka breakindent
batch create html colored versions of a list of files reflecting syntax highlighting
Why doesn't Vim regex allow more than 9 capture groups?
How to use a variable in the expression of a 'normal' command?
How do I capitalize the first word after each period, question mark or exclamation point?
Vim Word count and insert into current text
Vim and gVim in Windows doesn't recognize Mongolian letters Өө and Үү
Swap two shortcuts
Cursor to last edit works, last position doesn't
How does p command work in vim?
How to find out if the binding is used for a given mode?
Count only words for which Spell is enabled?
How do I keep folds when formatting (reindenting) the whole file?
Editing text in a quotation mark
Print an error message without "Error detected while processing function"
How to generate closing tags for HTML?
Mapping with the meta key
Use variables in colorscheme
Paste + Override Shortcut
Deleting several words
SyntasticCheck C++ header
Gvim: gx to {the same, a new, a vertical-split} window
How to forward multiple arguments from a command in a function?
How to get varargs as a string?
Globally replace a particular pattern with another string
Add a "Press any key to continue" in VimL?
Vim omnicomplete with Ruby 2.3.1
Defining my own key
Search all mention of the current file's file name
Multiple choice substitute?
What is the difference between single and double quoted strings?
Which text object defines text enclosed in space?
Turn Vim's multiple undo history into git commits?
Can't move `viminfo` file - &viminfo reverts upon loading vim
How to insert line in normal mode and stay at the same position
Move the partly duplicated(repeated over lines in the middle part) lines to the end?
Percent key ( % ) matching behavior for angle brackets ( < > )
What is the vim way to mark in insert mode?
How to get abbreviations to work inside nnoremap
Visually selecting a line and then deleting does not copy to black hole register
Map <number><cr> to go to the line
Understanding the line() built-in function
Unbind Space in normal mode
How to highlight in location list error for current line
What is the current 'best practice' for persistent preferences for a plugin?
Current line position when switching buffers
Understanding CTRL-U combination
Line formatting (gq) does not correctly indent long list items
how to change vim background color in hex code or rgb color code?
How do you add a local plugin in Vundle on Windows?
Is there a way in Vim to draw the visual area of the same size as the last visual selection, but at a new cursor position?
arrow keys don't work in insert mode
How to go to the end of the line even in on a wrapped line?
How do you make a digraph containing a ¨?
How to execute several macros with one command?
How to update vim plugins with pathogen package manager
Delete from cursor to the beginning of a line in insert mode
Problem With ColorScheme
Problem mapping operator
Ability to make vim run commands in background and only show the final result on screen
Externally query a vim server to list the open buffers in it
How to turn several commands into a macro without recording?
Is there a way to convert a Vim regex literal to different magic modes?
Vim pandoc red background
Sign column font is cut off
How do I map *, so after each recurrent press, it expands its selection one word over?
Can I make the indent commands take an additional count that doesn't affect the motion?
Plugin enabling live previewing of the colour schemes
Who manages the vim-scripts project on Github, and how is it used?
How do I execute an external command without jumping out of vim?
Neovim: behavior different from vim with the same vimrc
Error when building Vim from source: 'cannot find -lieee'
How to copy from current line to the `n`-th line?
How can I add a shebang to file in a specific directory
Generate non editable glyphs/adornments on top of text in Vim?
Is there a conditional to distinguish NeoVim and Vim within vimrc?
Insert a newline after punctuations
Disable Ctrl-Z in normal mode
Is there a one-key command to insert before the first character of the line?
Strange glyph when moving commandline cursor
How to use jumplist's <C-i> which is seen as a <Tab>?
How do I use regular expressions in ternary statements / keymappings?
How do I list my current vim plugins without opening vim?
Remove colon from keyword in C++ file?
Vundle doesn't load the theme
Why should I use a plugin manager
Alternatives (or ways to refactor) complex conditional logic in a key mapping?
Expanding snippet in line using neosnippet
Text after cut not going to register 1
Is there a way to use an ex command without moving the cursor?
How to write a `completefunc`/`omnifunc` that tries multiple base values?
Sorting a column without altering other columns
Installing pathogen inside .dotfiles
How to open same file in multiple buffers
diw (delete inner word) in bash doesn't work
Improving alternate-file behavior to avoid reopening deleted buffers?
Indent to next indentation level with >>
Retitling tab labels
How to make substitute() use another magic mode?
Generating tags for python that follow imports
vim latex livereload/preview plugin
How to pipe *characters* to cmd ( `:!` )
How to force Vim to open given file as another filetype? (e.g. .txt.gz?)
Use .vim syntax file in language REPL
Joining consecutive commas using ex-mode
Run a command on every match of a search (not on the line)
Can I iterate through files with a certain extension from the vim command line?
Vim python backend, how to import user installed shared libraries?
<Plug> was printed to the buffer instead of execute
Don't expand `%` in external grep call
How to edit a readonly zip file?
How can I show the command line YouCompleteMe is using to compile my file?
How to cancel a custom operator-pending command
reference / documentation in vim
vim syntax file: composite keywords
Enter insert to insert mode from function
Ignore word spelling on a per-file/buffer basis
What does [count]v and [count]V do? How is it useful?
Automate file reload after command that modifies it?
Custom Folding for SQL Files
message line in modes
Modify sh.vim to accept (@)_ as part of a variable name for Bash highlighting
Set tabulation size when function's parameters are written on multiple lines
How do I check the version of NeoVim in vimscript?
Replace base character, retaining combining characters
Is there a setting to force a hanging indent on bulleted/numbered lists WITHOUT hard wrapping?
Read unsaved buffer, is it possible?
How to batch replace a list of words in file?
Is there a way to use ignore case only for autocompletion in insert mode?
Why syncolor.vim is sourced at the end of cygwin vim started and replaced the specifed colorscheme
Get filetype by extension or filename in vimscript
Multi file search for selected text
How do I open and close NERDTree (toggle NERDTree view) using a single keystroke?
Vim bind ctrl arrow key not working on osx
extra newlines when pasting altered string in visual block mode
Is there an autocmd-like event for when operator pending mode is entered?
Vim-Markdown-Folding plugin error BufEnter E117
Vim 8.0 console on Windows 7 opens with no menu bar
.vimrc is not properly loaded when running sudoedit or sudo -e vim
Open git tracked files inside editor
Copy a file from an archive
Set &viminfo differently in neovim and vim
Paste clipboard shortcut in vimrc
Why does >3k move the cursor up when >3j does not move it down?
Vim-easy-align: how to align delimeter on right
Compilation window that shows errors
diff or vim -d colorscheme
How to make Syntastic include sourced files for Bash syntax (as `shellcheck -x` does)?
Navigate to tag in a new tab if not already opened, like `tab drop`?
Stop CtrlP from opening in NERDTree
vim-arline-themes can't set theme
How to use a variable value in a colorscheme
How to break long line of xml files only on display not in the actual code
Error: "Warning: Cannot find word list" - Is this a user or package error?
Can the vim program description be modified?
E576: Failed to parse ShaDa file: extra bytes in msgpack string at position 3
How to evaluate a ruby expression in a buffer
Scroll a quarter (25%) of the screen up or down
How can I make highlighting commands in .vimrc take effect immediately with Vim 7.4?
Get 2 lines yanked or 1 line yanked confirmation
Disable vim-better-whitespace highlighting for nvim-ipy buffer
How to change the space between lines in vim?
Shortcut for applying a command between the last two marks
Shift left or right (with `noet`) without converting existing spaces to tabs
Show leading whitespaces, but not including tabs
Get all syntax elements with some group name from buffer
How do you map the back tick character (`) with a modifier key like ctrl?
How to escape filename containing single and double quotes mix?
Vim does not redraw screen and cursorlines remain drawn
How to get the count given to a macro?
How to comment a line directly from bash using vim?
How can I show the containing directory in the window title?
folding, curly bracket under the function name
Source a vimrc from a webpage?
Highlighting word by word in "insert" mode?
VimPlug unknown function plug#begin in NeoVim
Enable templating language (e.g., Liquid) syntax highlighting but keep native (html/css) commenting?
Get index of search in substitute expression
What does an at sign (@) do in a VIM errorformat string - I can't figure out the example from VIM's docs
set completeopt=noinsert fails
How can I sort a file by word frequency?
Stop some messages from syntastic
Searching with vimscript function
Replace with hex character
Change spell check word separator
Spell checking beginning of phrase capital letters
How to quickly replace a single character in a word search, but only for a block of code in Fakevim?
How to insert data from another file's particular lines
What does :%! mean?
How to disable automatic unindent of comments in Python?
How do I approach understanding the EasyGrep documentation?
recover file destroyed by old .swp file
Print current line number to stdout using ex
Vim ignoring ctermfg color value
Neovim: plugins installed but not working
Syntax highlighting randomly turns off
vimdiff two files, one ro the other rw
Is it possible to increase the number of visible tabs in MacVim (without changing the window width)?
Generate ctags for QML
What is the difference between `filetype plugin indent on` and `filetype indent on`?
How to map shortcut to double square brackets?
How do I disable intelligent indentation in HTML files?
VIM syntax file, how to match capturing groups?
Playwritting with vim
Autoindent second line of plain text bullet list item
How to remove these characters when tabbing on VIM
Changing the type of brackets
How to execute global/substitution command asynchronously?
Color line numbers part pitch black regardless of color scheme?
Vim indent using "=" inserts 2 tabs
multiple shell command execution failed
Vim zebra line coloring?
vimscript parse yaml header and output to mapping
Vim ignore terminal color schemes when setting colors
How to replace inner text with yanked text
Is there a way that I can identify which window is a terminal after calling the `:term` command in neovim?
Vim problem installing python 3.5 from source
How to map NUM keys?
How to open a file in the same window? (without creating a split)
Use includeexpr to make multiple changes
Tcsh-like history scrolling for commands?
Remap <ENTER> so it makes new line and insert a datestamp
Solarized color scheme doesn't work Mac Terminal.app
vim c++ clang_complete doesn't work for std::cin.get()
Words marked as 'rare' in .add file are not always highlighted as such
How do I make regexes mutually contain each other?
Is it possible to remove an entry from the undo history?
Usage of slash instead of quotes to delimit strings
Please recommend video course (paid or free) or books to use vim like professionals and save my time
Call the function only once when Vimrc is loaded without using global variables
When I view local options (i.e. :setlocal) - what do the "odd" prefixes (i.e. '--') mean?
How move cursore "past the first paired delimiter" (quote, parentheses, etc) - searchpair()?
Execute bash script from vim
How do I script Vim to download a thesaurus file and save it?
Strange behavior with "map(range ...)"
ci" - change at the closest quotes (not on the same line)
How to cancel a deletion after pressing 'd' in normal mode?
Pattern in match in mapping in autocmd
Mixing C-preprocessor and scripting language with highlighting?
Is there a way in vim to determine if something is highlighted after search?
Powerline fonts not working on Airline
How can I open the next/previous file alphabetically?
How to customize % symbol in makeprg command
Vim 8.0 Python support
Difference between `virtual column number` and `column number` in statusline
How to execute xdg-open from NERDTree in Linux?
What is the difference between "mapped key sequences" and "key codes"? (timeoutlen v ttimeoutlen)
What is the vim native way to apply math over pattern?
Emulate Apple "option" and "command" key text motions?
Add current directory to UltiSnips search directory
Is there a default binding to go into command-line mode and append a '!'?
Bind Key to Replace Selected Text with Output of System Call (in Terminal Vim)
Why does this command work in gvim but not in (terminal) vim?
Remove current (block) selection
Visual indication that lines have been truncated
enable NERDTree only when editing h/c/cpp files
How can I write a range to a command, and then read the resulting output?
Ctags force prompt on ambiguous tag
How to highlight a search range?
How to avoid 'Backwards range given' warning when invoking search range?
How to close and and delete terminal buffer if programs exited?
Can a check with has_key(d, k) and an immediate assignment be short circuited in vim script?
Navigation in insert mode
Why does `set t_ve=' hide cursor in terminal
Control indenting of Ruby Comments
expandtab not replacing tabs after space separated characters
Problem converting the string "0.5" to a number
How to properly use the MDI window pop-in (-P parameter)
.swp swap files for directories while browsing with netrw
Syntastic Header Checking with Clang Tidy
Use variable for mapping inside vimrc
ci" and ci' not working
reverse-i-search à la Bash Ctrl-r
How to quickly cycle through the search history?
Keep \t Characters, While Don't Transform Spaces to Tabs?
In Vim what is the reason that ce and cw are the special case to be the same if the cursor is on a non-blank?
Is there no way to prevent gvim from reading the system wide menu file?
What is the variable $MYVIMRC?
Is there an elegant way to determine if a file exists in/under runtimepath?
Uncomment multiline block with NERDCommenter
Uncomment multiple lines
Define active window for startup in .vimrc
terminal color interferes with vim colors
Vim typescript files doesn't open first time
Git Fugitive how to git add a visually selected chunk of code
Vim buffer name autocompletion not working after first directory
Suppress warning in vim startup: NERDTree: Please wait, caching a large dir ... Press Enter
Two seperate diff sessions on one screen
Keep beginning of current fold on top of the screen
How to do substitution in the selected part of a line instead of the whole line?
Strange behavior between autochdir and netrw
Empty first tab lost when using sessions
Find and replace all numbers with 0?
Set colorcolumn to textwidth only when textwidth is set
How to open *.dia files as *.gz files?
How to configure cscope to select the BEST definition
search line which contains forward slashes
Within a function, Is there a way to determine if vim is in insert mode?
map a key to open Tagbar and NERDTree at the same time
How to get particular time format inside the text file
Why doesn't vim recognize bash self-made functions
Stop highlighting when entering Insert mode
Current line after :3,7call XYZ()
Is there a nice way to remove semicolon in files using Vim?
How to get the content between two specific lines in vimscript?
Can I toggle formatoptions?
Pair programming in NeoVim?
Using more than two line specifiers in an ex-range
Why this function to change relative number in lines is not working?
vimtutor not working as expected - how to fix?
Delete until the right end of the current inner block
Hightlight Gutter of Function Being Edited
Predetermined template for every file of an extension ceased working
Repeat works reuses unnamed register. Bug or a feature?
How can I install NERDTree without pathogen?
Only highlight comments
What is clipbrdDefaultReg
How do I conditionally add items to the statusline?
Bundling command sequences together for repeat (.)
Mixed PHP and HTML indenting
How to jump to middle of buffer
Autocmd on directory to replace netrw
I don't understand the purpose and behavior of options "local to a window"
How to iterate over buffers in Vimscript
How to not close MacVim after the last tab is closed?
Change spellcheck language via syntax
Function-argument a:var not recognized as variable?
bypassing TAB auto-complete
Most annoying slow-down of a plain-text editor!
How to show trailing spaces, while leaving tabs as they are?
Insert character until column number
Unfamiliar character when copy pasting from PDF file
Automatizing cursor movement in normal mode
multi-line insert after indentation whitespace
Vim Latex Suite, suppress viewer errors
Do not change current directory
Search and Replace inside block-selected text
How to call a macro as a function in a search replace %s/regex/\=call-macro-as-function/gc
visincr.vim compatibility with Neovim
NeoVim: how to build luarocks (and it's modules) without internet access?
Custom highlights not working in visual splits
How can I show all of a long line, even if it wraps off the bottom of the screen?
Is there a way to "take both" when using Vim as merge tool?
Fix syntax highlighting in LaTeX
Filename Completion with Spaces
Which highlight-group should I use for :sign define x linehl?
(How) can I convert full-width characters to half-width ones?
How to display netrw's current path? The default banner is to stuffed
vim match the outest bracket
What generates .pz~ backup files from .py files?
How to fold text in a JSON file?
Comment out characters for zf
Remap standard motions
How to organize autoload functions?
How to select the content within brackets including brackets and without including brackets?
Why is line continuation is indented with 12 spaces in vimscript?
What is gained by the extra <SID> level of map indirection recommended in help?
How can I expand a symlinked file path instead of the real file path?
Possible to 'monkeypatch' functions in vimscript?
How to change vimscript syntax highlighting?
CTRL-P very slow when files are not found
How to unfold a fold the cursor is in using modeline?
How do I write a multi-line message to the quickfix or location list?
Vim plugin like SublimeREPL
How to display a fake text instead of what is being written on the keyboard
How to move around comments in any type of file?
How can I change the highlighting of python class name?
How should I fold a shell script in vim? Is there an existing script or function for this?
Why this regex expression matching lines with (not N) number of comma doesn't work with vim?
trailing spaces when copying text from vim session in one server to vim session in another server
In neovim, how can I share registers between editor instances?
How to create user command without a capital letter as first letter?
Vim jump between words and stop at end of line
How to correctly interpret the cursor's position?
How to paste visual block starting with another line
remove buffer list from command area - VIM 7.4
How to tag jump in new tab, if target file not in active tabs, else switch to exists tab?
ctrl-] does not work for tags consist of special character ( operators in haskell )
How to get a preview for the substitution command?
Disable bold character under cursor
Can auto-format break at hyphens?
How to avoid canceling command that waits for user input
Cursor can sit in unreachable columns
CTags Jumping to Different Project
Run macro between buffers
Is there a way to strip the contents of register before pasting
Configure JavaScript indentation to indent keys object literals
Vim slows down with multiple buffers etc
Run a macro without having it set as last macro (@@)
How can I insert a character repeatedly until even with next line?
Expand abbreviation when the following non-keyword character is mapped to something else
Add closing parenthesis when completing function (omnicomplete)
How do international users use Ctrl-] efficiently? Remapping?
More error context in the QuickFix window?
Evaluating and rounding a file of numbers in scientific form
Insert filename in external-command
File Type dependent key mapping
What are the .viminfo and .netrwhist files?
Self-define command to search a certain symbol
How to move word under current cursor to begin at current cursor?
How to exclude the ending pattern in a search range?
How to assign a search range selection into a register?
How to replace buffer with a search range selection?
Remap <Space> key doesn't work
How to read/get the number of lines of code in the buffer or a directory?
How to interactively search/grep with VIM?
Full width Vim help text
vim-latex suit forward search
Running python code in a function
Ansi color sequences from vim bleeding into prompt in GNU Screen
cancel complete
No syntax highlighting in tmux
Having issues maping <C-j> and <C-h> in vim
How do I get consistent behavior with matchadd color column?
How to handle intersections in an algorithm trying to draw ascii diagrams?
What is wrong with my DoxygenToolkit.vim?
Search and replace, special pattern for indent (ex: newline = '\r')
Unable to Enable Vim Conceal
Append bash output to vim buffer
Splitting a line into two
How to pause (with message) during .vimrc startup?
When using macvim with symlinks, is opening vim just calling mvim -v?
Light colorscheme issue causing black background when scrolling down using J
Test python function from within editor
Which compile flag enables “balloonexpr”?
Are there alternatives to Gvim for a GUI for Vim?
How should I move the cursor when running shell by using :sh?
vim 8.0 file explorer only allows specific locations
To split long paragraph to next window
To pageup and pagedown without reserved lines
How to move the cursor to the next reference, option, heading in man pages?
Duplicate buffer into new tab instead of moving it
Toggle fzf.vim if already open
How to always append parameters for a Ggrep command?
Ask a list of all percent-prefixed variables
How can I automatically center first search result?
Enable cursorline and cursorcolumn after Quickfix window is opened
How to prevent Vim from automatically indenting new lines?
Extending Haskell syntax highlighting to allow for inline C snippets
Replace ONE occurrence of something with MULTIPLE instances of something
How to search multiple occurences of a vimwiki tag?
Do sessions get loaded after vimrc, and is there a block to specify loading code AFTER a session is loaded?
How to list the available options of a plugin?
Command output window disappears on blur
Change the filetype based on tags / regions in the file
How can I highlight WinAPI functions in C++?
vim with servername for a filetype
Do nothing if the current symbol is not space
Syntax highlighting only matches strings if the character before the opening quotation mark is a letter
Integer overflow when using large numbers with the expression register
Identify if a buffer is CtrlP or not
How can I get a newer version of Vim on Ubuntu?
How can I execute multiple optional substitute commands in one line?
Vim highlights valid shell parameter expansion syntax as an error
How does the findfile() function work?
Visual select from cursor to next empty line?
How can I insert text from a function without triggering autoinsertion of comments?
How do I swap key bindings without breaking plugins?
Concatination of arguments in vimscript when reading the output of a command to a buffer?
f does not seem to respect :lmap
How to replace bracket in vim?
Swap two keys in such a way that works with both `f` and macros
Passing a # character to the shell in vimscript?
Nested syntax folding
Is there a shortcut to reuse the search term of the find and replace?
Zero-or-one in backwards regex search
How to filter text matched by global command?
How to detect whether Vim has been invoked by another shell command?
System clipboard not working via ssh
Dealing with case insensitive filenames on Windows
Set highlighted token to blink during search and replace
Why is vim not obeying the LineNr highlighting in my vimrc?
My statusline is missing. How do I get it back?
I want to indicate in the status line whether or not `spell` is set
Abbreviation-likes containing spaces
How do you disable saving in vim unless you quit as well?
Insert blank line above and bellow a certain line
Start NERDTree when gVim starts empty
Warn before exiting if tag stack not empty?
How do I customize vimdiff colors?
How double star works in vim?
Substitution: how to ignore the Nth first occurrences of a pattern?
Alternative to shellescape that doesn't add quotes in Linux?
Elegant way to support both python and python3 in vim plugin
Two apparently equivalent mappings, one works the other doesn't
execute normal command doesn't work
different search patterns per window / buffer
youcompleteme key error when using vim
cannot get color schemes to display correctly in neovim
How to add buffer-local mapping only if not in command-line-window
How can I open a file from netrw into a new buffer without making it active?
How to get git branch information supplied by vim-fugitive asynchronously for my statusline?
Map NERDComToggleComment to a keyboard shortcut
vim script replace until match
How to disable folding while typing?
How to see if a plugin is active
Can ctrlp work in white list mode?
Can I temporarily disable all vim-like keybinding?
Force buffers to always open with vertical split
Vimception: Why does reading the output of executing the current file cause recursion?
Change command-line prompt leading character?
Displaying terms as single character unicode symbols in VIM?
How to change color of tabs in the tab-bar in gvim?
is there a better way of deleting a block of code?
Why is block selection characterwise?
disable previously enabled mouse with Vim script
Vim and YouCompleteMe troubles (PROTOCOL_TLS)
Vim with non-default background on Ubuntu shows purple color for non-text space after scrolling the screen
how to reenter normal mode after startinsert
Copy current php file classname with namespace?
Deoplete with Neovim doesn't work
vim under tmux looses color scheme in iterm2
Can I create my own mode in vim?
Toggle explorer window
Add vi: ft without breaking the code
<Tab> in insert mode brings up completion
How to make substitute command respect different cases
vim ZZ lost output with autocommand
Autocorrect spelling mistakes using Google?
How to get Python support on MS Windows?
Syntax highlighting for "C like" files
Understanding File Saving Behavior in Windows
Automatically set the 'number' option in Vim when entering Ex mode, set 'nonumber' in visual mode
How to insert tabs in key remapping?
Airline fancy symbols missing
Auto indent turns off itself automatically on php files
Passing visual range to a :command as its argument
DelimitMate plugin for vim not working
Turning a set of vi regexp into a script
vim doesn't auto indent php files with html in it
How to prevent Vim from clearing history?
How to search through tag results from :ts?
Mapping to execute python file only works on first buffer
Replace pattern containing more than one arithmetic expressions
What does asterisk mean in vim mappings?
How to install a colorscheme with a plugin manager
Dictionary keys with non-alphanumeric characters
How can I make Neovim return to the tab that was active before running `:Git diff`?
How to force vim to interpret file as dos-format
How to execute a function when a diff closes
How do I run Homebrew vi on macOS instead of the older version Apple provided?
Sourcing Vimplug plugins in a separate file
How to show the index of the current match?
How to automate populating Python's class constructor?
How to make vim functions local to script but callable by mapping?
What's the correct way to use pair completion?
Is it possible to open a tab in a window and not a window in a tab?
Is there a shortcut to reuse the last operator+motion without repeating the whole change?
Make colon appear even though you execute a silent command
How can I use a register with :find?
Finding all occurences of backslash and deleting twice before every occurence of them
Switch between header and source files in one buffer
How to use neocomplete in ftplugin
Search a string excluding the lines starting with another string
Some umlauts and extended Latin characters are shown as fullwidth
Copying multiple words (from different lines) and paste them at once
Does "dap" delete everything?
Disable absolutely all auto-comments, for real
syntastic not working on macvim, but works perfectly fine on the terminal
Conditional substitution in VIM
CSV columns visually divided in the separators to equal spaces like tabstops with CSV.vim?
Vim: plugin to change all decimal points?
Buffers are left even when `nohidden` is set
How to make a syntax region stop on empty lines?
How to automatically break down the description of a command?
Managing autoload directories efficiently
Can I scroll in vim with my touch screen?
<C-space> does nothing in YouCompleteMe
How to [[ to top of function and see function name on first line of screen
Delete to EOL without entering insert mode
recover default behavior of arrow keys rather than having them produce ABCD, when I map <esc>
vim search for arbitrary combination of spaces and tabs
truncate sentence: delete up to, but not including period
How do I run a command on the file name under the cursor
how can I condition a variable on my colorscheme?
Thesaurus Option is empty?
When using the dictionary feature in vim, can you make dashes a matching part of a word?
Why can't add a character at the beginning of each line in the edited article?
Why do exclamation ! shell commands in GVIM show error: "syntax error near unexpected token (" for "ls() ("?
Why the language-specific optimization in the vim colorscheme is seemingly of no effect?
Define commands programmatically
Execute normal is inserting "<tab>" instead of hitting tab key
How to exit Vim, without saving changes using the shortcut Ctrl-Q?
Is it possible to execute a Normal mode command only on the first/last line of a range?
Jump to a series of line numbers one by one after a stay of x seconds at each line
Why can I still run "vim" in cmd and powershell without put the directory of vim in the list of environment variables on windows 10?
Notify when one search loop is complete
GVim Cygwin Ballooneval color scheme
Collapse all directories in NerdTree by default
Set mappings depending on file type
If cursor is at start of line, make backspace delete any indents or whitespace and move cursor to end of previous line
What does a semicolon mean in the tags option
Pasting from cliboard in osx returns ^M instead of newline
Make mapping repeatable with repeat.vim
Can I repeat a macro with the "dot operator"?
Mapping vim key to change to next tab in Konsole
How do you paste what is in your highlight clipboard?
selecting a range of lines from command line
Is there an incsearch for the replace command?
Get list of files using glob in command mode
Resolve path to current file
How to merge OS'es clipboard with Vim's one?
Is it possible to create a function with the same name for different filetypes (and different implementations)?
VimScript - How do you get file/directory vim was called on from the command line?
How do I alphabetically compare two strings
Copy and paste by columns from one file to another excluding the common first column
UltiSnips: optional line
Vim 8.0 breaks YCM on Windows 10
Automatically insert first character of previous line
autocomplete without typing first character
What are the correct autocommand events for various settings?
How to get Youcompleteme to work with Vimscript?
Persisting unsaved changes to untitled buffers in a session
vim sometimes displays full path of file instead of just the filename?
How to negate substitution pattern?
Possible to use CtrlP to interactively search file contents?
How to show the sign column to the right side of the line number column?
What is the name of the line you enter commands on after hitting escape?
Add line at the end of text
Print full filename in tabs when using terminal Vim
How do I use function to effect editing a file?
How can I quote text in a search regex?
Hide fold column whenever `foldenable` becomes false?
Find out duplicate words with differing case
Change command depending on file extension/type
indent an existing unindented file as per some indentation commands supposedly written for autoindenting new files
How to let Gvim and Mvim source the same file, shared through Dropbox?
Install vim features
Cancel mouse highlight on mac
mswin.vim key bindings
Key n moves up in the file instead of down
What is a scratch window?
Visual scrolling/visual <C-e> and <C-y> across wrapped lines?
How to make matchpairs not match closing '>' in "<(>)" while still matching it in "<()>"?
What are the basics of vi editor?
How to show a list of SCSS rules in vim?
Add a pipe character to the nth character of a line, which is after the end of the line
Code review request: Base converter
Search and replace workflow
Why does vim complain about weak crypto when using blowfish2?
Missing Neovim RubyGem
How to open ranger from neovim and tmux, like Tim Pope`s dispatch do
Undesired command line completion history
How can I jump to the previous file?
Way to merge edits in a shared file during simultaneous editing
Modify beginning of the line based on pattern at end of line
Ctrl-n completion takes a long time for “scanning included file”
How do I test ftplugin scripts efficiently
Not saving colon commands in MacVim
Another way to detect filetype besides autocmd in .vimrc?
What does "set iskeyword+=@-@" do?
Best way to move between panes?
Triggering a function with BufEnter
Reverse engineering method of loading of a template file
Retrieve the syntax id under the cursor, in all cases
Where does red highlighting come from with syntax off and spell on in Neovim?
Good approach for running basic git commits?
How can you use vim as a stream editor?
How do you pass user input to a system command?
delay between hitting `ESC` (in insert mode) and switching to normal mode within `screen`
Syntax highlighting: what is the difference between :syntax match and :match?
Vim says I don't have solarized colorscheme whereas I have that
What are autodoc'd plugins?
What do "a" and "A" cpoptions do, exactly?
Windows + Vim + Python2 + Python3 = Path nightmare
Disable case sensitive auto-completion, while "smartcase" search is enabled?
Possible to negate a pattern?
Persistent undo not working
Erratic spell checking
Fixing a "not an editor command" error
Swapping between files causes unwanted insertion of newline by vim
Can I use the mouse scroll wheel to browse the auto-completion popup menu?
Is there a version of Vim or plugin with a Command Mode auto completion?
Underscores don't show up in some colorschemes
Mapping for the leader
How to execute a macro in command mode?
Removing redundant whitespaces on save/write
make nerdtree buffer consistent
What does "Blockwise" in execute mode do?
Get list of lines that begin with a pattern
How do I get the first letter of a captured group?
autocmd: match more than one pattern
How can I delete a vimscript function?
Is there a way to adjust the Vim screen padding margin, or Konsole's?
chdir doesn't work
Why is `%!xxd -r` result wrong while `xxd -r` from console with the same input works correctly?
when vim isnt run as just vim, getting no colors
Folding - open all, close one
vim-latexsuite syntax highlight in macro parameter
Leader key for many commands
Selectively enable a subset of vim plugins for specific category of workflows (plugin virtualenv for vim projects)
How can I get the character at the cursor position in a multibyte aware manner?
What does this vim script do?
Weird text in Vim help files
Why isn't vim applying syntax highlighting to this code?
Sharing the config file for vim and gvim
Change a font in Vim/GVim in a simple way
Replace numbers with white spaces
Shortcut to remove orphaned parenthesis
Why does :r!vi jam my terminal?
Invalid characters in command
How to execute a command when leaving the 'fugitiveblame' window?
Substitute variable into match
Pass word one-by-one and replace (Search and replace with confirmation)
How to define word/WORD boundaries?
Is there a way to move n tabs forward?
Get rid of meta characters in vim's perldoc viewer
Searching for text when launching Vim
How to enable +python feature in vim
how can i assign the content of a function variable to an option?
DelimitMate Plugin: How can I specify my own delimiters? Also, can I jump the cursor to the end of the generated right-delims with an insert-mode map?
How to get filereadable to recognize spaces in filenames/paths
Difference between g- and u
Syntax Highlight line above matched pattern
How do I add syntax keywords globally for any filetype?
How to have different vim sessions open the same file seamlessly
Parallel vim installations
substitute a join for a character that ends a line
What are the compatibility differences between the two modelines?
YouCompleteMe with cygwin
Vim + Tmux: Resetting tmux tab name when exiting vim
undo last change on current line
vim plugin to autocomplete blocks in django templates but *not* a generic snippets plugin?
What is the point of <buffer> in autocmds?
How to populate a drop-down list for <C-x><C-i> completion?
Turning on syntax highlighting for test script output to new buffer
How to combine `vsplit` `term` and `cd` current directory?
Is there any way to switch between Vim and a :! command passed to the shell, before it is finished executing?
Line length mark in Python files
Reloading syntax file without restarting vim
Why doesn't my numpad work right in my terminal?
How can I use mouse=a for local and remote work?
Finding a match immediately after another match
Can I use different User1... User9 colors for active and inactive panes?
How to start Vimdiff without equal sections folded?
How do you set no timeout for a specific remap?
:sbr opens buffers with horizontal split, even with switchbuf set to vsplit
How do I insert a comment into my vimrc fie?
`set` option with variables
In VIM, Change the number that relative lines numbers start from
Vim 8 packages, how do I overwrite a default package?
How can I stop [Neo]Vim from tracking parens in certain situations?
automatically rewrap lines when writing markdown in VIM
Why does modifying the `Normal` highlight group affect syntax not belonging to the highlight group?
Why is it okay to have a space in a `let` statement?
What does `*foo* *[foo]*` mean in the vim help system?
How could I preserve netrw :Lexplore in Vim sessions?
Update netrw to newer version
InstaGoogling as plugin
What is the significance of "Incomplete last line" when opening a file?
set backupcopy=yes doesn't still writes the file twice
turn off "-- INSERT --" color
vim setting bold color hightlight
Setting GCC to be the only checker for Neomake
How to replace a character with another character by character code
How to place multiple lines of text in one single table cell in vimwiki?
Ignore folders when performing :find command
how to prevent that <space> key is used inside insert-mode mappings?
Replace n with n+1
Stopping :PluginInstall safely
How to emulate vim job out_io buffer with neovim?
What does the command `:syntax reset` do?
Youcompleteme on Mac OS X
Search local to buffer
Invoke vi help from bash without starting Vim
Folding doesn't work for C/C++
Can you make vim wait for a command process to finish before executing the next command?
Control - Arrow to Skip Over Text
Inserting bash positional variable into vim command in a bash file
How do you sort lines by longest substring to shortest substring?
Why is vim save so slow?
Repeat motion easily
Vim has different behaviour for clojure files
Possible to exclude comments from textwidth?
Error detected while processing BufReadPost Auto commands for "*.html": E20: Mark not set
Mapping one and two presses of the same key with no delay?
Brace { } navigation without opening folds
What's the difference between :open, :visual, and :edit?
"set background=dark" masking highlight command
What does "filetype plugin on" really do?
Move inside next quotes?
Cut and then paste at the beginning of the line
Read, compose and send zimbra emails from vim
Vim indentation for html files
How can I view all of the vimscript run by a command? (neovim)
Using get with environment variable namespace
One abbreviation for various commands with different prefix?
Shift-k opens manual on keyword but ":verbose map <s-k>" shows no mapping
Pass from one buffer to another quicly
Why is it called a "vimrc" file?
read from external command captures stderr as well
Have filename show on status line in "map! <F12> <ESC>:w<CR>a" rather than Insert
How to select unclosed tag and close it automatically?
Is there a way to force vim youcompleteme plugin to do semantic analysis again?
Linewise inner tag without the tag lines?
Why emmet.vim don't expand CSS abbreviation?
Interactive syntax-highligting: highlight the current region only
Get rid of extra gutter spacing
Prevent the cursor from moving to the top of the file
How to exit the registers list with q?
Console vim(x): Can I map the scroll wheel to undo--redo?
Replace text in visual mode in vim/vi
Dangerous trailing space
How do I make "Edit with Vim" open Vim instead of gVim on windows?
How do I apply the Lowercase action to a line movement?
Skip over closing html tag?
Can you scroll the window in interactive substitute mode?
. (dot) command and backspace
Is it possible to use the :put Ex command using column numbers?
Remove word from dictionary
Syntastic not working with local eslint
Can i map control "b" (b pressed after control not together with it)?
How to store all occurrences of a multiline search in a register?
Alternative of orgmode
Modify the vim configuration
Send message to tmux properly
How to use vundle for vim installed from AUR
When are the files in ~.vim/after/ loaded?
Insert carriage return in a vimscript variable
Vim with syntax highlighting has slow searching in XML
Keystroke to move cursor to the last character of a highlight?
Can I map the number of search matches to a key?
how can I close the shell buffer? Prefferbly under a certain condition.
Can't map to <C-Insert>
Auto indent broken lines in html
join string and <cword> for vimgrep in command
Can I search through 'oldfiles' with a specific name or extension?
How can I download and easily install 64-bit Vim for Windows?
Defining mappings for files of the "null" type through /ftplugin
Tell Vim's put to print a string at a position given by the value of a variable
Get cursor position in all buffers
Redefine <TAB> key for triggering plugin action
mapping to map <return>
How can I insert text at the end of a group of lines?
what is the good book for learning vim?
Should I use xmap or vmap in my mappings?
Comment out unused parameters
How to avoid dependency conflics when installing vim from source?
Can't access documentation for pathogen plugins
Why does the unnamed register only contain the last deleted text when appending deleted text to a register?
Setting up an opt-in system-wide vim config
How to execute multiple command on file open?
comprehensive list of keys bindings for IdeaVim (PhpStorm vim emulator)
No Solarized Light in GVim (GTK3)
Why are ftplugins ignored?
Identify syntax region under cursor
How do I use wildmenu effectively?
Delete wrapped lines?
NeoVim ftplugins Not working - Arch Linux
How can put .vimrc and viminfo into .vim directory?
markdown spell checking with triple nested bullet point
Show newline characters in neovim
Adding multiple syntax group to a syntax region
Alternative mapping for <Tab> key via YouCompleteMe
Populate a git-commit-template with variables
Exiting back to normal mode in terminal buffer from Vimscript
Any way to retrieve lost undo tree after closing window (but buffer is still open)
Working directory different than current file directory?
Open vim with nerdtree if its open from inside a particular directory
Highlight word on double click and copy to clipboard
How can Vim be configured to restore normal terminal color on exit?
What is the purpose of `s`?
Indenting when using ()
How do I reformat a paragraph using a different value for textwidth than the default one?
How to run make in Vim, open results in split window and show the compilation time?
What is the rationale behind not using the numbered registers for small deletes/yanks?
Why file names in left and right windows are same?
What are viewport, layout and workspace in relation to tabs
Add a space and then text at the end of a line
Windows: gVim or bash
Display enclosing namespace, class, and function
How to open a GPG encrypted file without having to choose the GPG recipient with the gnupg plugin?
Where is `javaParen` defined?
How to fix the tempname() function on Windows 10?
How to regex everything that is enclosed between two certain strings in visual selection
au filetype mapping is not working
Can I have multiple `pack` directories?
disabling all mode changes
How to execute vim when one needs to edit sensitive data?
Sharing gutter space between line numbers and YCM markers
Is it possible to clear the tag stack without jumping anywhere?
Why does vim add ^J to the end of my macros?
How to obtain fine-grained control over split sizes when using a large number of splits?
arbitrary line endings in vim?
Stop curly braces navigation from leaving marks
How do I select the other files in a tab?
autocompletion in command line/search
marks with fullline visualization
Why copying from named register cannot be repeated using dot operator?
Expand visual selection of surrounding code blocks by the dot command
How to share syntax highlights files for a "new" language?
Why does vim use temporary file or pipe for shell commands?
How to obtain all directories from a path efficiently
Reading command prompt output into variables - GVIM and Windows
Quickest way to move bracket at beginning of line to end of above line
Can I show a color from its hex value in *any* file?
Vim - relative tab navigation
Highlight all imported modules in python
prevent neovim from breaking one markdown bullet point into multiple ones
How do I enable Bash keyboard shortcuts while in Insert mode?
Write selected area to file
Can I make Vim add `pack/*/start/*` directories to `runtimepath` without restarting?
How do I keep accidentally creating a no break space before opening curly brace?
Automatically change interface colors for normal(visual) vs input mode
How to add quantifiers to group in a pattern in VIM?
How to properly initialize plugins with new vim 8 packages feature?
Ammend 'w' behavior - ignore operators and brackets - '(', '[' '{', '*', '+', '='
How to reload the current file to change syntax highlighting (ex: adding a shebang)?
How to repeat a certain operation across lines of code?
Is there an upgraded version of the Conque plugin?
Character in math mode replacement
How can I share a vimrc file with all system users file still allowing customisation?
Is 'source'-ing a vim file simlar to 'include' in other languages?
Look ahead non greedily?
Copy the values from a variable?
Lag from filetype plugin indent on
How to set up Crtl-v map that works in insert mode?
Mappings with <alt> don't work within Terminator
Keeping context while scrolling
Printing unicode chars?
How to apply a setting in all open tabs and windows?
Emulate Emacs' "auto-fill-mode"
syntax highlight function arguments
How do I quote tabulated columns?
Consistent repeat search
Rather than tabnext and tabprevious can I get a list of tabs and select the one to switch to?
How do I highlight pc-lint comments in C/C++
neovim takes a long time to open files
Mappings defined in vimrc file only work sometimes?
Prepare a range for an ex command without visual mode or line numbers
How to sort lines by the right most characters?
Netrw tree listing style opening files in other directories creates new empty files in current directory
Is it possible to clone a directory with netrw?
Mapping Ctrl-Caret in insert mode?
In vimrc, how can I chain multiple instructions in one Leader command
Set folding method for c and cpp files, but not h and hpp
What does :set background=dark do?
VIM regex - match all words equal to one under cursor, except one currently under the cursor
How can I find my true vimrc file?
Inconsistency with the "Discard All" command
iskeyword for latex
Highlighting after a line limit
How to get command line :g to output pattern search result including the first line?
What is the difference between :file and :saveas
Escaping and quickly pressing certain keys brings me back to insert mode
Handling Complex Arguments in a Vim Command
Replace surrounding quotes for < >
How to disable moving the cursor with the mouse
gf: can I get next file that matches?
Refer to text between arbitrary delimiting characters
Running autocmd somehow turns to insert mode
Can't make vim-plug work
Improperly highlighted when used with cursorcolumn
How to "find" or "till" a bigram?
Vim UltiSnips for python not working
map } but not after y
remap ':' to maintain last command, and erase all char if any key other than <CR> was pressed
How can I edit my Vim configuration whilst working in Vim?
Unicode character does not show when entered using <C-q> with cp932
expandtab / noexpandtab toggles by itself in Neovim
Paragraph transfer from one file to another
Jumping to one character past the search
Search not working in function called from autocmd
Insert code snippets?
Creating fillable "mini templates"
What goes into the '.vim' folder, can I store my own stuff there?
Why is folding partial disabled in .snippets filetypes?
How to copy lines from 4th till 11th and paste it from 15th till 22th line in ex mode?
vim cannot access variable in autocmd
Mapping based on latex environment
Explanation of command :'<, '>
How to create a new 'secure scratchpad' buffer?
What does :[range]t <line-number> do?
Automatically insert timestamp when opening certain file
Can I display a list of the tabs in a side-pane?
Vim ^V Visual Block mode not working
Vim crash with :py3 import sys; print(sys.version)
Getting ligatures to work outside of comments
How can I know function definition in vim for C?
Vim tool to show keyboard shortcuts for typed commands?
How to highlight keywords in a syntax region?
How to use ctrlp in conjunction with css and ctags
Case-insensitive abbreviations
Can I detect vim is in debugger mode through --remote-expr?
Is there Vim plugin that can show keystroke maps or abbreviations for command after it is used?
What options make Vim aware that the file editing is for vim settings?
Repeating multi-lines and increment numbers in specific sections?
how to change gvim width when open/close vimfiler or tagbar?
How to create a macro in .vimrc which automatically uses enter
Nerd tree show full filename
Prohibit unintentional ~ from F6 button
How to write 1 or 0(binary string) randomly in a file using vim?
How to find out the default system copy register?
How can I change mapping for vim-surround plugin?
Use "K" on a custom language
How to go back to beginning of the line in (ex) command mode?
# turning to exe when running terminal command
Check if running in a 32 or 64 bit machine
Unable to copy to system clipboard
Fuzzy Find C++ function definition
How to convert ISBN-10 to ISBN-13 in Vim?
What is the vimscript version of sprintf?
Trying to wrap my head around exec and vim-escaping
Read values from a highlight group
How do I control how vim indents ruby blocks?
Getting the path with a function key
How does Ultisnips select snippet files for the file I'm currently editing?
How to display hyphens as □ in taskpaper files?
Vim 8.0 python support: where to store a per-buffer python variable?
How to jump to a next or previous specific character ignoring linebreaks and not destroying highlight or overwriting my registry?
Python: Strange auto indent behavior after function call
How do I know i am in a shell from vi command :sh?
Why is the version of Vim displayed by 'apt' different from the one displayed in Vim?
Why is this function clearing screen output?
How do you undefine existing functions and key maps?
Using the current file name (%) in command line mode when the file name contains spaces (or other special characters)
Why can't I set <Home> or t_kh in my vimrc file?
Using Vim-Plug with portable version of gvim (windows)
CtrlPBuffer path before filename
Recognizing expression written in assembly containing $ and new line
How to prevent folding when Vim is launched?
No omnicompletion in Vim for python
Why is filetype not set after :find from autocmd?
Is it possible to chain multiple ex commands together with a single range?
Conditionally focus left split or previous tab
Autocompletion Plugin for VIM without external requirements
Text manipulation by calling external binaries or scripts
Automatically increase &columns upon :vsplit, but not beyond maximum
No python support
Make UltiSnips perform XML encoding on tabstop text
Unexpected behavior using "<count>J" to join multiple lines
Macvim shell command not working as expected
tex and rails snippets do not expand in ultisnips?
Possible to use `!` in `iskeyword`, but only at the end of a word?
Indent Lines Up Without Moving
How to track time-expenditure for Vim operations?
delete words backwards
Vim on WSL: synchronize system clipboard? (set clipboard^=unnamed)?
Syntax highlight fail for Prolog files
Prevent Vim from breaking up inline code blocks in (r)markdown
How to change NERDTree plugin window continuously
Open multiple files in split mode from within Vim (not command-line)
Why so many keystrokes to duplicate a word with an edit in between them?
Using Text Objects with vimtex
netrw expand folders - strange behaviour
Set maximum cmdheight
Change keybinding for up/down when in vim popup
Change messages display duration
Vim's remote-send, without intermediate redraws?
Substitute words for characters between matches in a line?
Vim `gq` rewrap doesn't work within `:<range> norm` command
:vsplit does nothing, sometimes
LaTeX tabu package breaks Vim spell and syntax highlighting
Column-based w command?
Turn Vim windows on the side
How to copy each line 19 times, incrementing two different numbers by 180?
Using text objects with IJKL navigation keys
Comments pane for current buffer that you can jump to such as TODO:, WARN:, and NOTE:?
change default comment in nerd commenter
How can I open a temporary file so that I don't get E37: No write since last change?
How can I highlight only the identifier of a function in Java?
Why this function disable expandtab?
Python quit unexpectedly
How to escape pipe character in `:make`, `:grep` and friends
How to tell vim to behave the same for file extension .in and .mako
Text changes when moving cursor over
How can I append text to the current line?
Syntax highlighting depending on whether whole line is commented
cnoremap <CR> <CR> breaks search fold opening
How can I open all folds but the last one?
Unable to recover .swp file
vim-orgmode: unfold everything on file open by default
Clear the contents of a permanent register or yank to it without appending to it?
real time vim keylogger
How do you open a file in vim from the terminal (osx)
Search for " and replace with '
Math calculations in vim?
Feed keys visual mode and pressing enter?
Automatically insert characters with Ultisnips upon exiting Insert mode
How to make vim automatically do a CTRL+D after jumping to a tag?
How can you turn off text highlighting (hlsearch) with custom text objects?
How to search in visual mapping?
How can I show a preview of my LaTeX buffer without stealing focus from Vim?
Can't reassign local variable value from register?
Quit subsequent files opened with gvim *.c?
find next comma, skipping anything in parens?
Regexp for beginning of word?
Why does :only care if "Other window contains changes"?
How to feed visual selection into ex?
Vim with astyle remap =
Save a macro just created in vimrc
Error when trying to call pymode#rope#goto_definition() with vim's -c arg
How to change the cursor line higlighting only for one window (namely the quickfix one)?
Markdown in Neovim: which plugin sets conceallevel=2?
Finding Numbers in Brackets Followed by a Letter and Summing Them
How to bring current line & cursor at 25% from top of screen?
How can I run :! commands inline instead of in a new cmd.exe window?
Is it possible to make text blink inside vim?
different colour schemas depends how file is opened
Can vimwiki be made to treat list indentation the way vim-notes does?
Problems in installing vim-latex
How do I get vim to autocomplete correctly for :! on Windows?
Manual fold issue on both Mac & Ubuntu
vi editing of bash command line: Avoid execution upon exit?
How to redirect a make program's stdout when using it in Vim?
How to allow count *before* my custom operator?
start vi automatically in hex mode
Change the looks of the character limit ruler
Yanking a visual block with word wrap enabled is shifted
Remapped keys won't work when combined
What does shortmess+=A do about the swp file?
Closing all buffers that represent .js files?
How do I open the last n files I was working on in vim?
how to remap backtick mark with single-quote mark globally
Ignore capital letter rule when word is preceded by a shortcut
Neovim setup on MS Windows
Exclude some paths from :find path
Why are the vim line wise movement commands inconsistent?
backtick marker navigation "not an editor command"
Open file at specified line number and automatically put that line in the middle of the screen?
A fixed position for preview windows
Wrapping echo for use in VimL
Paste with space inserted before text
Moving Vim Plugins to a separated file
Extend visual selection til the last character on the line (excluding the new line character)
vim command/comment in the end of config files
vim comment out every line of text containing a pattern using the 'global' command
Prevent W from jumping to next line
More efficient way of yanking text out of tags?
Filter text and insert text after cursor or in register?
Issue with using ex commands
Jump to specific character after cursor
vim-airline not displayed correctly
Binding a Sequence of Tabularize Commands to One :Command
Tabularizing all Commas after `EST[`?
Adding Atex Markdown Headers in Vim
Why does VIM change the columns variable after Ctrl+z? (Setting the width of text in the VIM editor)
How do I use :Tabular only for delimiters after a certain pattern?
How to truncate every line after pattern
Comprehesive support for graphviz (linting/autocompletion/snippets)
How to get buffer contents including line endings?
Execute a command in the NeoVim terminal emulator on startup
Remapping of j as gj etc in .vimrc is not applied in a session
How to do the following replace in vim?
Handling gaming keyboard with extra keys to be able to bind shortcuts
Is there any way to change the popup menu color?
Including Utility Libraries in a vim plugin
links/tags inside a file
errorformat: can't understand how to handle error for my parser
Changing colorscheme does not change text color?
How to trigger <tab> auto completion in a key mapping?
how to delete all white spaces until first character?
How to avoid indenting after a line that starts with a number?
How to use regular expressions with \w\d inside ()
How to look at the command output?
Multiple buffers of the same file
Make * stay on current keyword
How to reassign a keybinding to a function
How can I keep the Tab title text fixed, during movement through separate split panes/panels?
vim run macro multiple messed up
How can I override a syntax keyword match?
how to delete a paragraph respecting the folds?
source the current file
Can I make the :lnext, :lprev commands continue at TOP/BOTTOM after reaching the end/beginning of the location list?
Convert a column of binary integers to hexadecimal format?
Does vim have functionality for completetion of methods/variables with punctuation?
How can I remove a syntax keyword?
When to use the after/ directory?
How to toggle between columns=60 and columns=[terminal_width]?
To which concept does the term `partial` refer?
Yank/select until delimiter in different lines
Define keybinding which uses arbitrary keys
How is the `dict` attribute processed internally?
Which example shows that the `dict` argument is not allowed when `{name}` is a partial, inside a `function()` call?
How to delete blocks of text which contain a specific string?
Indentation-guides in vim with pure .vimrc-magic (no plugins allowed)
Viminfo truncates named registers. Setting to increase limit?
(OSX) Can't run gvim from gvim
vim split files in new tab
How can I add a visual margin on the right of my window?
Using the ex mode command line (-c), how would I insert text?
How to find out the meaning of certain non-printable characters?
Do not reopen buffers of last session
Toggle search highlight while on match
Strangely slow key bindings
See what indenting style is being used in Vim
How to color comments after a defined column
custom tab completion with whitespaces
How to share config between vim and Neovim
vim 8.0 not honoring custom colors
Move cursor after yank according to direction
Corresponding colors from iTerm (terminal) to Vim
Jump from tag-to-tag in xml?
Configure which column `gq` wraps at?
Have backspace delete whole tabs
use case for `gs`
How to update plugins in Neobundle
How do I get the output of a vim 8.0 job?
path seperator in vim
Using terminal in tab to open a file in that same tab
How to add inline comment for the echo command?
how to install vim with python support for debian strech
How do I jump to the next line with the same indent level?
Substitute text on one line with capture group from previous line?
How can I undo an entire command (e.g. d4b), including the motions?
Unusual Vim Auto-completion Feature
Automatically disable cursorline when in diff mode?
Make yanking pipe into an external program
Go to column number?
Vim function somehow adds Ctrl-j to macro?
Execute external command in split window
Why won't Ctrl-C complete abbreviations when mapped to Esc?
Are the internal g:, b:, w:, etc dictionaries documented?
Possibility to set cursor shape manually in Neovim
oneliner map to fold all / unfold all
Prevent fold background color to override gutter
How to replace each match with incrementing counter?
How to make command-line abbreviations that only trigger at begining of line
Run command on all .JS files in a directory recursively?
vimscript: Is logical-or operator's two operands must stay in the same line?
How to select a matched autocompletion item
Vimscript: fetch list of keymappings containing a prefix?
Open quickfix in current vertical split
E488: Trailing Characters error after attempting to install vim-hybrid
How fugitive-specific is the 'git' filetype?
Open multiple files using ex command :edit and a wildcard
netrw: ftplugin double loaded?
What workflow to use when editing large multifile projects
How to open file in specific window (create or reuse)?
Move line include indent
mapleader & <Nop>: strange timeout behavior
Linking to documentation in a comment
Paste without messing up indentation in insert mode
Would you ever want to start recording a macro from the quickfix window?
Expand <TAB> into 2 spaces when and only when editing HTML
vim not loading vim-plug plugins
how to stop vim suspending when using gx
User command with modified 'path' completion?
Removing trailing spaces with the substitute command changes the cursor position
Go forward to first alphabetic character
How to ensure smarter indentation after multiline function header?
Copy a line, comment it and replace a word in copied line
Fix a specific eslint error automatically
Wrong indentation for fortran forall
How to get line numbers of selected text
Automatically close netrw after opening a file
Plugin to ignore quote when it's already there?
Control (or respond to) Input Method on Mac OS?
align/spread file content in vertically split windows
Down and . X times?
Stay at matching search result after escape
Get same indentation behavior as opening a new line on an empty line
CSV.vim how to change the column separator?
How to escape @ in search replacement
How to remove every second column in Vim?
Can't hide quickfix before executing makeprg
Ruby indentation: align multiline method chains on the leading dot?
ale linter + eslint: Jump to next error
How to correctly indent when beginning a new line below the cursor ('o')?
Use quickfix for completion
return to buffer after exiting terminal, neovim
replacing urls and escaped urls
ruby syntax highlighting lost on long files
How to add accent to letters in normal mode?
:hi TabLine ctermfg=Whatever not working on Windows
Version conflict between vi and vim
set formatprg dynamically based on textwidth?
Custom mapping for ex command -> still show typing in ex console
How to make linebreak play along with conceal
What is the meaining of '#' symbol in function name?
E129 when calling the function by call()
Why <C-W> does not enter operator pending mode?
How to use Lua in Vim?
How to remap ctrl-backspace in normal and insert modes?
How can I get my tabs to spread to the width of my window?
Alternatives to ctags: are rtags, uctags or other alternatives better?
How can I return the current filetype's comment character in vimscript?
Triggering automatic replacements of certain strings
how to write command to save selected text?
Automatic whitespace in python
Highlighting specific words automatically with different background
is search a true mode in vim?
Using range as argument returns a comparison
Inconsistent <cword>, <C-R><C-W>, and keyword behavior
Get a NERDtree'ish list of commonly edited files
How can I shift only inner contents of HTML element?
How can I right-align end-of-line comments with the Tabular plugin?
Open One File-type per Tab
Replace two word sequence with second word
How to repeat last mapping/action?
Exclude start and end match from region
How to decrease markdown header level in visual mode without a plugin?
Is there a help plugin which can behave like guake for vim?
Why does my colorscheme not look like it should?
Setting TAB to 2 spaces
Is there a direct way to select the buffer displayed in a non-active window?
Autocmd event for `autoread`?
Understanding "\_W*" in vim regex
Not able to copy from terminal when using vim from homebrew on macOS
How to get a variable with the contents of a file on the filesystem?
how to use the number returned by arglistid()
keymap for open .vimrc, edit, save and reload
Match any number of digits NOT followed by
Vi/Vim 8 on debian stretch : filetype "bindzone" not loaded automatically
Replace a word in a stream of words separated with underscore
Duplicate line and replace part of line multiple times
Get list of javascript functions in file
How to set the vim path to your bash PATH?
Count number of visible lines in document with folding?
How to identify the highlight groups in use on a particular character?
Autocommand to add edited filename to bash history
What are the global settings for syntax highlighting?
How to check if a pattern is contained in a register's content?
Select several lines untill a specific symbol
source multiple files with map
How to safely switch from vim-athena to vim-gtk?
How to combine reading from stdin (- invocation argument) with ++opt
What do matchit.vim's [%, ]%, a% do?
simple map to right align text selection within visual block?
What is an atom?
specify a range for command but not move cursor
inoremap + nnoremap
How can I prevent vim from changing the % register when entering non-modifiable windows?
redirect exmode command to variable
Closing error window
autocmd BufAdd/BufCreate/BufNew aren't triggered for new, unnamed buffers (`:enew`)?
How to show quickfix without jumping to quickfix window?
Why is Vim executing a colorscheme file a second time if editing a Perl file?
Vim LaTeX-suite: set keybinding to compile and view pdf
Fields in templates without resorting to commented-out lists (aka are drop-down options possible?)
Pass variable in vimscript function to split
Replace all occurrences in visual block selection but NOT all occurrences on line
configure vim to process argv and understand filename:linenumber
Automatically add '>' at beginning of line following one starting with '>' when writing Markdown
I can't edit a single file with Vim,
How do I make vim highlight unused variables
Goto function definition of class the instance is a member of
Deactivate SpellCap-Check after Abbreviation
Is there a % equivalent for editing python code?
How can I move the cursor in block mode (without changing the block)?
Is there a way to edit secure data in vim without accessing the filesystem?
Opening recent files issue
prevent color scheme from bleeding into terminal
Process substitution with read
Temporarily disabling Smart-Tabs
Strange behaviour when inserting tabs
Find value of variable when it is not set (timeoutlen)
How can I echo non-printable characters like spaces?
Help to implement script that toggle single and double quotes
Exclude East Asian (CJK) characters from spell check
LaTeX: Ultisnips
Copy a substring in line to the front of the line
Caps Lock in insert mode only
Yank part of another line based on pattern
Showing lines above beginning of document
How to use :g to insert?
Join the line above the current line
Store vim external command result lines into a VimL array, to make a little custom autocomplete
Deleting and inserting in a single visual block selection
how to accept count for visual block ctrl+a remap?
Vim scp undo clears file
Disable cmdline-window key mappings
How can I disable square-bracket-prefixed mappings, so I can then remap a single-press square bracket without having to wait for the "timeoutlen"?
Can I disable the >> and >{motion} commands, then remap the *single-keystroke* > to "indent this line"?
Convert man page nroff overstrike text into highlight regions
Debug ultisnip snippet
How to fake a script file name inside a monolithic vimrc?
Good vimrc settings for commit messages?
When defining a command which uses an external tool (like :perldo), how do I cancel upon error?
Jump to next occurrence of the current character
inoremap <C-S> <esc>:w<CR> i
How to prevent accidentally piping text to Vim?
How to pass argument to Neoformat for prettier-eslint-cli from a variable in vimrc
Replace brackets and the content within the brackets in a variable
Do not display letter when waiting for key sequence to complete
Pipe the content of the current buffer into an external command and then read the output into a new empty buffer?
backupskip with { curly braces
Vim yank and paste via a shared file
Is it possible to map <C-S-Space> in neovim?
shortcut of the current directory path when vsplit/split
Close all windows except the current one and NERDTree
indentation different on different computers
Extra indent in Vi/Vim Tcl code block indentation
Highlight column values when difference is greater than a specific value
Open multiple files in tabs from Explore mode
Cannot setup tern_for_vim plugin
Alt-I doesn't work to inset \item in vim-latex
Move to next keyword in vim?
How to execute a command on vim startup
Vim custom key mapping not working in superuser mode
How do I remove newlines inside arbitrary xml tags matching a pattern?
Which buffer quickfix file is opened in?
How to move cursor in expression insert mode mapping?
How to set nowrapscan when formatting text with gq
How to interpret ASCII codes returned by "ga" command?
Is there a shortcut to open a blank vertical split window?
How can I temporarily change to default color scheme?
Echo highlighted warning in one line
How to auto expand Enter as a single change?
the scope of variable in vim
How to save a specific file in a different buffer?
How to set colorscheme of vimdiff using .vimrc
Are there any comprehensive docs for vimrc?
Break line even if it fits the screen
completely disable vertical splits
cscope database loading issue with gvim
Avoid vim to add bullet point when wrapping lines
Make spell check recognize Swedish compound words
Detect if Vim can show utf8 characters
Is it possible to copy block (given by range) multiple times in a single command?
cnoreabbrev do not expand abbreviations in command history
Vim - edit last action before using (.)
Is it possible to map one key to two commands, doing 2nd command only if first fails
gvim looks terrible on my RedHat. Unable to change font
How to load list of files in commit into quickfix
Vim does not save any usage history (E886: Can't rename viminfo file)
Files with tabs are length 8 even with set tabstop=4 in vimrc
Strange Fold Info Showing in Gutter
Checking if Makefile exists before executing autocmd
Autocomplete behavior in vim
How to make `i_ctrl-o` unaffected by the mode from which we entered insert mode?
endif treated as part of command in autocmd
Make vim show all the colors
Why is it that if I put "set encoding=utf-8" in my vimrc file, plugins won't load properly?
How to detect terminal enter in vim8
How to execute command on every matching pattern, not just lines?
How does .sug files work, and can you generate them yourself?
pyeval not working on vim -u NONE or vim diffs
Filter dict items using list of keys
return <Plug> in a <expr> map
Vim colorscheme similar to Github
How to make jump to line automatically unfold
Map autocomplete word in normal mode?
No italics in vim
How to concatenate two registers?
How can I execute bash command in a function like as map?
How do you page through the jump list?
Where do I put my "vimrc" file for Neovim on Windows?
How can I trigger commandline tab-completion from a mapping?
use only "closest" tagfile to working directory (of buffer or of vim process)
Search pattern for an if statement that isn't followed by curly brace on the next line
Limit buffer list to current tab
How to show the current location in a yaml hierarchy
Start Vim in insert mode for new files
Force prompt for whether to delete a swap file
spacevim remapping of plugin keybindings
Getting tab and windows movement with one key combination
Is there a way to install youcompleteme plugin using vim 8.0 default plugin manager?
How to highlight region over region
if else endif oneliner
Why is "set noexpandtab" in my ~/.vimrc ignored when I open a file?
Why does "set ruler" get reset to noruler?
in-line math equation rendering/preview for macvim/vim for filetypes other than RMarkdown
How do I replace only the current instance of the search pattern without losing the pattern?
Hide binary portion in mixed text-binary file
How do you sum up integers on separate lines in vim?
Why is Vim for Debian compiled without clipboard?
Fully disable mouse in console vim
No folding of markdown files
How to map shortcut to double square brackets using the leader key
vim bind to update initialization without restarting. How to add the loading of local .vimrc?
Highlight everything inside (, [, and { and expand outwards
How to set -complete=customlist behavior?
vim to interpret escape characters ("\n", "\t") as does echo
Can I change the highlight of specific conceals?
How to print only pattern, not a line?
Traditional Vi and its regular expressions
The meaning of "= in Vim
Regex to match any character including newline
Change the powerline name for nerdtree
Define region in region with same end match
Why is my XML filetype configuration overridding my PHP filetype configuration?
Executing a shell command in the parent directory
How to use 'w' to navigate in CamelCase words?
Indent line to the right with CMD + ] in insert mode
How to create a new vim filetype?
How to setup the default browser to follow hyperlinks
How to get around this common multiple-cursors use case?
Search and replace all next word
arbitrary length regex?
Why does Rename fails with Python files if there is no trailing space?
How can I center the window on each search result
Open new file as tab on current vim instance through double-click
Ctags not working properly on Latin american keyboard
Setting custom statusline for help window
How can I set an option differently depending on time of day?
Is there a way to update the quickfix entries after running cdo/cfdo?
How to use the JS regex engine instead of the built in engine?
vim in tmux lose highlighting
How to access syntax elements
Make YouCompleteMe open definition in vertical split even if buffer is not saved
Vim default key binding
Why can system directory files not be edited
Error occurs while echoing system('echo %PATH%')
Install vim-latex in windows
I've just installed (g)Vim, how do I get arrow keys to access command history?
How to find and replace in Vim without having to type the original word?
Prevent FocusGained autocmd running in command line editing mode
How to move to top/bottom of region delimited by consecutive blank lines
Can't remap <C-C> in vim
Suppress system broadcasts/messages
How to install fzf.vim with Vundle?
Vim enum indent for C++
How fix mappings broken by a plugin?
combining two map commands
Changing the color of delimited text
Contextual text processing
What are the names of the keys for mapping?
how can I make keymap to open a new file in a vertical split?
Plugin help files not found
replacing character in a visual block selection replaces the wrong character?
Understand starstar-wildcard
Vim operation - creating a new text object selector for entire file
Is possible in vim to delete a line after a word or character?
How to install vim-latex plugin?
Which vim plugin should I use if i want to surround specific text with brackets like this?
Insert text automatically surrounded by other text
Indentation in Latex within a list after an equation
Bracket is added in unintended position when I paste some code in vim
Is it possible to align the results in the quickfix list in columns
How can I highlight all function names in Python files?
autoindent different from manuall indenting
Strange behaviour in Regex, double escape backslash
What is the standard way of creating new Vim Commands?
How do I make :make run on a buffer write if I'm inside my project directory?
How can I highlight variable/arguments inside method/function in Python files?
powerline font/symbol glitches
Quickly creating JSON entries in an Avro schema
how to get the color theme right with vi on java
Vim not starting server
Piping to vim vs vim -
How ^y is represented in vim editor?
How to use JabRef with neovim without the --servername option?
How to define a command that temporarily modifies an option?
imap just inserts instead of executing
How to see a whole message in status bar in vim?
Replacing string including a metacharacter
Insert mode keymaps: Custom keymaps just insert characters of combination when typed (Neovim)
How to extend the background color to the whole screen in a shell command's output?
How to remove all words which doesn't match the pattern?
A version of `w` which skips to the next underscore
Jump to Next Number
How to move to same indentation as previous line
Is there a quick way to open a file anywhere within a directory hierarchy?
Is there a way to have all misspelled words in a new buffer?
What does CTRL-K do in insertion mode?
iskeyword with context
key mapping <C-'> (Ctrl single quote) not working
Weird highlight behavior: Can't match pythonBuiltin
How to split the page adding a page from buffer (combining :sp/vs with :b)
how to link YCM through ruby shims that rbenv provide
can't install some plugins with vundle
What is the command for indenting code in vim with syntastic plugin?
Vim in terminal is black-&-white but vim launched from dash shows colors
Are commands in filetype plugins rerun every time the buffer is loaded?
Duplicate indentation of current line
Prepend "number," to each line, where number is calculated from nth term
Match through nested function
Using a no-op key in insert mode, can't use key after using no-op mapping
BufWinLeave * mkview with unnamed file: Error 32
How to change 4-space indentation when using "kotlin-vim` plugin
Fugitive Gbrowse while being ssh on a server
Is <c-g><c-g> equivalent to <nop> in insert mode?
How to test if a string is a vim command?
Vim crashes when using autocomplete
Vim template/skeleton with folding
How to identify all the loaded ftplugins for the current file?
Any recommendations to enforce use of keybindings rather than equivalent command mode commands?
Vim equalprg: why does it fail silently on a bash script?
Move current line up/down but keep cursor position
Change runtimepath of Gvim on Windows 10
vim cpp syntax contained region
How to disable expansion of percent sign('%') in cmdline and `:exec`?
How to resolve E303 (Unable to open swap file) on Linux machine?
How do you get two `match`es at the same time to work?
Macros behaving unexpectedly (not executing commands)
How to restore screen after jumping back?
i_CTRL-K does not insert digraphs when in Mutt inside tmux
Read from standard input and close if empty
How to get pathname of viminfo file after vim started
Different behaviour for `vi` and `sudo vi`
How to search and replace each hit with a multiline register in which each hit is replaced with an individual line from the register?
vim how to move last word of each line to beginning of line using regex and backreferences?
disable flow control and restore it when leaving vim
Send file and line number to tmux
How to navigate using vim keybindings in command line mode?
Vim prints options on quit
How to create multiple files?
How do I debug normal/insert/cart mode shortcuts that don't behave as expected?
Split a block to multiple lines with respecting indenting
How to write a syntax file
Highlight function's keyword and parameters
Map <C-/> on linux and windows
Preserve indentation in C++ comments
How to browse tags when autochdir is set?
How to let the latest message persist on redraw?
What is command! -bang -nargs=* in a vimrc file?
Incorrect formatting of file when calling nvim inside NodeJS script
Show Outline of Code
Vim pasting yank register when opening a new file
Vim jump word forward and enter insert mode
cannot generate ctags for php traits
Find file for given line number when given an error
Display issue: Vertically center in line when using linespace 20
How do I delete a mark in current line?
How do I `set <A->>=foo`?
What is a working setup to use Vim plugins UndoTree and Goyo together?
Display human readable meta/alt-(key) mappings
equalprg with lisp (clojure) and custom indent settings
Vim python debugger
Converting from A to B using mapped key
Autopairs shortcut not working
Tab size fixed to 8 in spite of polyglot.
New text object for LaTeX subscript or superscript
How an autoload/file.vim is loaded?
NERDTreeTabs error message: E492: Not an editor command
Settings like nowrap, foldcolumn=0 and nospell have no effect in vimrc
How to share the same buffer between multiple vim instances
Vim highlights closed folds
Highlight exported Go functions
replace lines with the first and the last word
Tab completion for filetypes in the commandline
UTF-8 not working on VIM
repeat search in vim: count is off by one sometimes
Vim Youcompleteme
Find and replace string with slash in it and retain the slash in the new string
Find two consecutive non-empty lines
Mapping of (key) overrides mapping of `<C-(key)>`
How to make <S-A-Left> and <S-A-Right> work in vim within Mac Terminal
How does `\zs` interact with syntax matches?
Can I have a per-directory setting for where swap files are stored?
Substitute only on certain lines
Remapping tab key to autocomplete in commandline mode in Vim
How can I open a split at whose height is a percentage of the main window?
autocmd with quickfix window
variable names prefixed with &
get string from visual selection
Unable to link ycm_core.dll when compiling YCM
Vim is in read-only mode
Using vim as manpager: works on Linux, fails on macOS
Paste word on new line with indentation from current line
QuickFixCmdPost autocommand after Glog
Key binding conflict of paste and rectangular blocks select
vim syntax highlight for change of pattern
How can a mapping have behavior dependent on the presence of a count?
Missing <c-q> when mapping Ex Command
UltiSnips does not map to ExpandsTrigger
I'm stuck in Vim; I see "Command Line" at the bottom and nothing makes Vim respond
why doesn't ag in my vimrc ignore multiple patterns
why ctags take me to class definition rather than actual file
How to remove lines where the first "word" is non-unique
^] doesn't work if cursor is on a function name prefixed with its package in Perl
Indentation like astyle - continuation lines
Factoring out commands in vimrc?
Creating QuickFixed file to apply QuickFixes via diff
vim :make :cwindow, I need error length character limit larger than 1000
Fold all except current cursor and keep cursor position
Ignore pattern inside of a region
Paste link to image in clipboard when editing Markdown
Plugin for showing marks by *highlighting entire line*, instead of using signcolumn?
How do I prepend text preserving camelcase
How do I delete the first char of next line only?
Creating mappings for command-line mode
How to write a plugin that works for both Python3 and python?
Problem of neovim with powerline-status
How to open a vertical split to the main view not just next to the current one in case of horizontal splitted viewport?
How to build nvim to has_perl?
Is it possible to open multiple files at the end or at the first occurrence of a string?
Nvim not getting correct terminal size opening session in tmux
Tabs on Vim not interpreted as tabs inside python
How to dismiss the bottom search bar
How do I go back when I view a certain git hash
how to point xdebug back to vim on local host
How to account for special characters \% in mapping
Diffsplit with output of external command in Vim?
quickfix window and location list open at the same time causes weird resize
Show python help() inside vim
Vim error: Unable to open swap file when using backslash as path separator in Windows shell
Is there any diff between these opions in behaviour?
How to fold lines above the current unless it has less indentation than the current
noremap <C-j> to {
What is the difference between let mapleader =”,”, and let g:mapleader=”,”
How to syntax highlight line with three parts?
There is no timeout on option
need help with vim errorformat to parse multi-line make (gcc) output
unable to replace text starting from *
How do I map H and L to scroll by one screen if the cursor in already on the top line or bottom line
Do syntax patterns let you use very magic or not?
Avoid Scrolling When Switching Back to a Buffer
how to go back and forth in the view stack in vi
How to change the displayed indentation amount?
How to hide horizontal line between windows
Remove ~ in buffer at vim startup
How to exclude filenames from Ag search (via fzf.vim)?
A request for explain some options
How can I prevent some buffers from being reachable using bnext, bprev?
Fold show first line of docstring, keeps other folds intact
Trying to compile vim with python 3.6. Where is my config directory?
Taboo.vim to show basename of the current file
How to call the fzf Ag command with multiple arguments?
How to anchor matchlist after searchpos?
SpecialComment in vim
Automatically apply patches when updating plugins
How do I replace a word without putting the word into a register?
Why am I missing a quote in this remap?
Renaming .vimrc and putting into other folder
Damn I can't do it
change how a character is displayed
Automatically update import path if file is moved in Vim
Replace the word at the cursor with a single character?
norm ^E command works when I type it manually, but fails in an autoloaded vim file. Why?
Moving highlighted text to another file
vim line count of current paragraph
disable SpaceVim layers
In Vim regex, Is there an abbreviation for the pattern dot followed by plus sign?
Set formatoptions for a specific file
How can I make gvim keyboard language-agnostic in command mode?
VIM: how to send entire line to a buffer of type "Terminal"?
How does vim know if register contents were from a linewise selection when pasting?
`smartindent` indents four tabs?
How to escape from file browsing mode?
Deleting an autocmd after it's run
vim: count how many buffers been modified?
Using -c command line option for Vim 7.4 on Windows produces errors
How can I tell if I'm in the command window?
Can I change the command mode (: ...) so that I can have vi shortcuts?
How to refresh the oldfiles list without restarting vim?
Why shift key is not working
Select a backtick-delimited block, rather than an inline string?
Java equivalent for vim-latex folds
Why sometimes C-^ is not working as expected?
Can I remap <C-(key)> while replacing a character? If not, is there a workaround or hack?
getting coordinates of a visual block via Neovim python API
Set window-local option in every buffer/window
How to migrate from NeoBundle to Dein?
Prevent nerdtree from rebinding <cr>
Prevent viewport from jumping to the right
Vim immediately sent to background
`Read` seems to bring an extra line - how to prevent this?
Go to quickfix next/previous (cnext/cprevious) relative to current file position?
Moving .viminfo file to .vim dir
Don't yank character with <DEL> key in normal mode
How can i get the arglist count?
GitGutter's Mapping goes to Command as Plain Text after changing cpoptions
reset count for `v`
Why files in `~/.config/nvim/after/ftplugin/` are not taken into acount?
Alter how oldfiles are displayed
how to avoid vim breaking line beyond 80 characters in fortran files
Neovim - Map selectively only on a terminal window
REST call using Vimscript
Separate C-m and Enter
vimscript: how to repeat a string N times?
vimscript: get result of cmdline-completion Ctrl-a
Forward to char and change inside the same char
why does cpo-=c cause perceptual "lag?"
Differ between 'softtabstop' and 'expandtab' options in function
Focus on file when when opening when permanent window for file explorer is enabled
How to go to previous open buffer from vim command line?
How do I define LocalLeader as <Space>?
Tweaking cursor gvim
Can I set multiple 'options' with a single `:set` command spread over multiple lines?
Why python autocompletion does not work if path to python binary is taken from variable?
keep same column when navigating by pages?
Switching between tabs takes a few seconds
Is there a way to hide leading whitespace?
vimscript: strange behavior of search() with flags 'be'?
Why are tabs adjacent to concealed tabs displayed wider than a single tabstop?
Differences between indention options
Why is my Neovim not in English and how do I force it to be?
move forward by a certain number of chars or bytes?
How to clear digit arguments in a mapping?
How does vimgolf record all keystrokes?
What does <C-V>?<Space><CR> do?
Reading in content from an external command with utf-8
Why doesn't "normal! lb" on last character of line move to beginning of word?
Move cursor to new line character
Errorformat not recognizing my errors
Tabbing between files
Delete to next search result?
Vim spell checking marks "the the" in red. Can I define my own rules like that?
Dealing with special characters when creating commands to eval
Fuzzy find within buffer
Silencing :make command
How to set up compiler globally?
Compiling and running multiple c++ files from vim
How to make netrw ignore new local files?
How do you clear highlighting if you edit text?
How to change the fold title in vim
How to select text character by character with shift and directions?
What does it mean to set clipboard=unnamed?
Disable cursorline when leaving NERD tree window
Strange vim/xterm interaction: auto-insertion of `"` register when opening file
Is it possible to use vimgrep with file paths from a file?
Search query to match multiple instances on a line, only between certain delimiters?
Character class to match "iskeyword" characters
Dictionary (as in wikitionary) plugin indication
nmap seems to have a limit on text after a command eg sort i /pattern/
Buffer variable is not set after :vs <file>
Linux gvim - toggle/retain insert-select mode while Shift key is pressed
Ctrl+Ins keybinding won't work in Vim, does in gVim?
How to display file size in vim rulerformat?
How to run internal vim terminal at current file's dir?
Difference between 1 CTRL-G and :pwd, quotation marks?
call function in context of buffer
Search and replace multiple files
How do I move cursor around on unix shell using VIM commands?
Color questions for macOS
How to jump to buffer from ls?
Helptags has unexpected behavior if tag has hyphen
Read-only (silent) select in Vim
No_cursor_blinking doesn't work
Writing text to multiple lines in different locations of the text file
How to set value of cterm to both bold and underline?
Delete block of code if a pattern is (not) detected in one of the lines
Map Alt-{ijkl} for tab split navigation
vim autoindent not working correctly
How can I list the plugins currently *active* when using VIM-Plug?
Filename completion without suffix
Explain the ./,-/\n$ pattern when using :global
Change to a specific directory in :Explorer
Linux gvim visual mode cursor - avoid newline selection
Multi-command with normal mode and execute mode
How to use UltiSnips with SpaceVim?
Portable Vim for Ubuntu Linux
How to play recorder macro in SpaceVim?
How to check if `<nowait>` mapping option is available for current VIM installation?
Replace text and move cursor to end of replacement in insert mode
Get back regular vim colors
normal! <C-]> Not working
NERDTree on Vim
Which directory to put color schemes?
Viewer for Markdown/MathJax rich text editing in vim/neovim?
Repeat not only last command
Why the spellcheck is not working properly for .exs files?
gvim Linux - autocomplete plugin - enable / disable depending if the user is typing or not
Drawbacks of using Python to develop new code in a VIM plugin
Backticks vs. $() in strings/variable assignment
Installing Vundle: "fatal: could not create leading directories"
Differences between local & global
why I am losing syntax highlighting when vim is invoked within a script?
vimscript: set text of command line in command mode?
Backspace over newline
What are reasons that makes <C-j> map to ^M instead of ^@?
Relative line number colouring
Highlight the current word... or using :let and <cword> together
Open with Neovim files that were encrypted with Vim
What can Neovim/Vim's :terminal do that tmux can't?
How can I close the Netrw buffer?
gvim Linux - GUI scroll without cursor shift
How can I extract text between two parts in a single line in Python?
How to measure words per minute?
Inconsistent moves
how to break a long line into 80 characters per line
Key-binding doesn't work as expected, "nnoremap <leader>td $F)i, args2<ESC>"
Invoking a command with a defined variable results in "undefined variable"
Neovim:Background color doesn't fill terminal window
How to use zsh by default for terminal emulator
Does each indention option override the previous one?
Vimtex commands only working on main file
asyncomplete.vim: how can I automatically show the completion menu after two succeeding 'word'-characters?
How to go to quickfix window?
How may I create an excmd that has a signature like g, s, v commands? (`:cmd/str1/str2/options`)
Completion Function Return Value -1 Cancellation
What is Lang-Arg in vim?
How To Use Tags In Vim For Notes
Getting vim with yapf to work with anaconda environments
How to send literal form of special key sequences with --remote-send
Map key to paste and immediately select
Will remapping ; break my plugins?
vim mapping not working as expected
What is the difference between red and cyan in spell check highlighting?
Sub replace if whole line match pattern
:exe moves cursor to first line of buffer
vim + jq :: how to format possibly incorrect text in unsaved file
Disable a specific set of snippets in SnipMate
Determining syntax group type from output of 'syn list' (doesn't appear to work for regions)
How to bypass "The file has been changed since reading it"?
How can I delete whole word in command insert mode?
Delete from cursor position to end of text object
Copy output of bash command to system clipboard?
Hide bottom message when open new file
Working with yaml literal-blocks in vim?
Have NeoVim confirm before closing when terminals are open
NERD Commenter: Why it choose -- to comment a bash file?
vim dot command act result not same as full type command with <C-r>"
Vim: error opening files <SNR>62_InitializePythonBuiltin the Python's site module could not be loaded
Add new buffer after current one
How to cmap a local function?
Ctags with Rails not working
Why some information can't been shown at status bar with iTerm2?
Replicate normal mode function in visual mode
Any vim-plugin to access system clipboard on as many unix platforms as possible?
Vim - find an occurence of a pattern one by one and and edit it at once
What is the meaning of "#" in ":g/pattern/z#.5"
Cannot remove a plugin with Vundle
How to add Plugin in .vimrc file?
What is the syntax if I want to replace one directory with another in vim given that I have '/' in it?
Vim Slowing down when creating .vimrc in $HOME
How to disable defaults.vim?
Execute selection and redirect output to new buffer/tab
Remapping keybindings within items loop
strftime format support two letter day option
Getting balloonevalterm to work (terminal version)
Weird sequence of characters temporarily when opening file
Why does gUw keep cursor in same position but gUb moves it to the start of the word?
Why vim highlight some specific words?
don't retype search
search nongreedily for a bunch of terms delimited by parentheses
Special search and replace
Automatically delete swap file if it matches the saved file
Name the buffer with the current command that runs in the term emulator
Can vim perform all substitutions simultaneously?
Weird behavior of NERDTreeFind function
Unable to map ctrl-l
how to split panes (vertically and horizontally) straight from nerdree
Use the arglist without opening the files
How can I visually select a regex match?
CMake syntax highlighting not working as expected
Using an interactive interpreter as makeprg
opening multiple files in order of last changed
What filters are available?
How to edit all vim highlight groups?
why is b:changedtick never zero?
shortcut to open definition of variable in a vertical split
Vim Plugin Path Issue
Fish-like autosuggestions depending on 'completeopt'
Plugin vim-signature: How to change mark column character color?
How to save the source code of a PDF file after opening it in Vim?
Close multiple buffers interactively
How to create a buffer with customized behavior? / How to create a buffer that acts like a TUI?
Indenting schema, is there a sort of thing you can load/configure into "=" in vim?
How to synchronize between NORMAL and Quickfix window?
Edit record register with multiple subtitution
How do I move by paragraphs, but end up *in* the paragraph?
How can I match the shortest string including new lines?
How to patch add in Fugitive plugin
Mapping influenced my return key to toggle the syntastic check mode
Analyze NeoVim Performance Bottlenecks
Clear mappings in current buffer
How do I use different Vim environments?
Netrw how to hide line?
Is it possible to do not expand the Visual-mode selection with ScrollWheelUp/Down?
Toggle showing a file (e.g. individual Cheatsheet)
Comment and uncomment by the same key strokes
What is the relationship between command line Ex and Vim?
indenting with ':g' command not working from the command line
How to disable vim source .cshrc when running external command?
How do you use variables in a search?
How do I set `$NVIM_LISTEN_ADDRESS` on startup using windows?
How can I use Tabularize to align by spaces, but ignore spaces in end-of-line comments?
Does exist BSD's make syntax file?
Entering italic text in vim
Syntax highlighting gone when using buffer
How do I find out the value of an option?
parameter substitution template plugin
How to execute a bash command from the normal mode and send the output on a different buffer?
Commiting pathogen bundles?
Vim cmdline breaks my view of a file when outputting errors from linters
View ^M as newline in vim without persistent file conversion
Disable lowercasing through 'u'
Call function only when the plugin is loaded
Why local syntax file is not working?
How to highlight todo in a comment line?
Can add() and insert() be performed on a dictionary?
sublimetext vintage mode, vs VIM trying to find a substitute for a shortcut key
my ag shortcut chokes on spaces
Common vimrc config for unix and windows
Looking for a good Database Visualization Tool
Is there a way to print the current sequence of command keys in normal mode?
The indent of wrapped lines
How to show math equations or formula in markdown file
Contents are all selected by default
"Put" command in normal mode: Insert a new line after "put"
Yank-in-word with indentation: Get/set buffer position, manipulate yank buffer
What is a good debug front end plugin
How to open a file as sudo from within vim?
Search confuses periods and underscores
Unexpected behavior from cb command
Setting C++ indentation level?
How to yank string before a special character?
Create a specific .vimrc for git commits usage?
Don't reset vim tab to the beinning line
Attempt to create a buffer output script
Use Python to change to normal mode
Recovering from accidental pagedown
Remapping return key to <C-p>
Newline in sub-replace expression
netrw: This security scheme is not implemented
why is the material theme looking all weird on my vim
How to yank word from all selected lines in visual mode?
Why .vimrc reports error when adding recorded macro?
Turn off syntax hilighting for TODO items
How do I get a numeric return value from an Ex command?
Completion suggestions while typing
How do you get help with operators?
Is there a way to change the "current buffer"--the one that gets defined when I use "n" and "N"?
Vim never shows line number for Python files even though I have `.vimrc`
How do I add word count to output message on successful write?
Is there a workaround for Vim's Netrw :bprev bug?
How do I turn off undercurls in Vim-GUIs?
Finding all semicolons not preceded by backslash
Multiword completion (CTRL-X CTRL-P) to end of line
Vim, erasing multiple spaces used as indentation
Tilde (~) paths do not work in windows neovim
Vim highlights word "mktemp" in Bash script
Inverted syntax highlighting of multiline strings in Python
How to replace string with register content?
vim compiled with python3 but python3 omni-completion does not work
Why does `vim-plug` add the .vim file to .vim/autoload and not .vim/plugin?
How to set window title to cwd + current opened file
Get directory name from CWD (dirname without preceding path)?
How do you go back to your to global current directory after inheriting an lcd
How can I use multiple spell files at the same time?
How to only load a certain syntax file
How to install pathogen on Neovim?
How to trigger :redrawstatus to a different window?
How to run vim from command line and prevent press ENTER or type command to continue
What does execute() return?
Highlight lines above cursor
Go to the last cursor position using marks
Delay before running vim command?
How to tell command-t to ignore a specific directory
Getting Shift-Tab to work in VIM Insert mode
My status line is getting erased, so I can't print function result
How can I echo the result of function with a range?
Make zC close only current and nested folds
how to make vim properly render RTL (Right to Left) languages
Fold special comments
How do I write <8e>?
E488: Trailing characters error in VI with find and replace command
Syntax highlighting of underscores in LaTeX, even though they only appear in filenames
Auto-complete popup menu: make Enter trigger newline if no item was selected
Can I disable running shell commands in Vim?
How to use zero matches in regular expression?
Prevent saving buffer with new name
Execute() is not returning a value
Is there a way to lock a buffer from changing?
vim - latex suite compile and view keys does not work
autocompletion with node, visual studio style
Confirm selection among options
How to enable back arrow keys
Reverse a set of paragraphs
Let CtrlP show all files including the file being edited
Matching delimited text, taking into account level
Set text color for each column
Where are my recent commands stored in Vim?
Discrete line numbers specified individually not as range
How to view the command that was just un(re)done
How to configure autocompletion so that it replaces everything until non-word-char?
Set Indentation when Declaring Constructors for C++ Classes with Inheritance
Strange Highlighting during Git Commit
How to force macro keep running even pattern is not found?
How to echo a command but avoid the "hit enter" prompt
Substring of filename in external command (bang)
Is it possible to color vim vertical indentation lines depending on the indentation level?
Move to the first/last non-whitespace character of the column ("vertical W/B/E")
vim auto indent suddenly stopped working
What '\v' and '@<=' in '/\v(A)@<=b+\1' regex means?
How to map Ctrl-W <arrow> to Alt <arrow>
Errors/warnings from :make are not shown correctly
How to delete swap files on neovim?
What does vim's m command do?
What is the difference between normal mode and command mode in vim?
:lvimgrep with one match per file
How to write a buffer which isn't the current to a temp file?
Make hardcopy without a header
How does one automatically run a function when any error message appears?
Competitive coding template in vim macro
Copying From Vim to Ubuntu Bash on Windows
Sorted TODO list with :sort n and letters
Unknown symbols in vim near filename and filetype
Make backup only once per session, when I close a file
<esc>k inserts `q`, r inserts two qs
How can I have more space between line number and code?
Cursorline/Columnline slowdown
How to remove lines which have lower numbers than before, and keep only the sequential?
Make ctrl-j and ctrl-k work like they do in less?
What is the correct way to escape UNC paths?
How to use function returns?
CursorHold event not working on nohlsearch
How to put space before and after operators for enhanced readability?
Neovim Clipboard Selection
Remapping Alt key in terminal: problem with macros
What is the difference between set complete+=t and set complete+=k in vim?
How to go to end/get out of the parenthesis of a line in vim?
Using a custom color scheme and setting it as default
How to refer to "~/vimfiles" on Windows and "~/.vim" on Linux?
How to select/delete/yank the contents of only the current fold?
How can I change Javascript syntax to higlight objects?
Vim stops treating "<Plug>" as a keyword to call functions in insert mode
How can I center align a word(s) in a table?
Using colon-commands inside ternary expression
Is there a way to indent and outdent lines without moving the cursor?
How to know the shell started with :terminal?
Why are [$p] characters appearing at the beginning of every file?
How to affect the syntax highliting filetype from local vimrc?
How can I remap Vim keys with numbers?
Extract JavaScript variable (feature example): how to improve it?
How do I make vim highlight math properly in the align environment?
Having a modified relativenumber
Mapping using tpope/vim-surround only works with command
How to set/get size of editable area in a neovim client
Avoid so much escaping in substitution expression
How to avoid "file has changed" warning when writing buffer?
Copying to clipboard with clipboard=unnamed set
passing local script variables to viml functions
How to add specific string if it is not exists in current file?
Multiple <ESC> with a single <ESC>
Search for 2 but not for 3 tab characters
How to correctly use a local script variable
Operate on third column of data
How to align first column with vim-easy-align?
Is \r operating system specific?
Key binding to select the current paragraph
Vimscript, how to shorten a filename?
Up arrow key code, why '^[[A' becomes '^[OA'?
Using `TabEnter` and `FileType` in the same `autocmd`
how to set a watch in the vim debugger
How can I automate this, open location list and set its position for man filetype?
Inserting text within a block automaticaly for each Enter button pressing?
Copying lines in visual mode only lets me paste 2 lines
Is it possible to make the tab completion on command-line mode case insensitive?
Issues with autocomplete in vim8
How to make gvimdiff works under MobaXterm or cygwin?
Local persistent undo file modeline
Enabling Syntax in Vim Creates Lag
Change where a register actually points (in this case, redirect "+" [sys clipboard], to an external program)
How to change indenting for html files?
How can I use langmap and noremap together?
:put at the end of the current line?
Trim/clear new line character from batch script at Windows7 with gvim
How to change f{char} to search left if no char was found searching right?
How do I change the regex for a single syntax highlighting match?
What encoding does :! use?
Cut a regex matching line and paste it at another line
Why when I type * over double slashes '//' doesn't vim highlight it as a search word?
Unmap all combinations starting with certain key
Can I move to the start of the line on command-line mode?
Syntax of :endif in if-statements
How to replace string with value and the occurance number?
Can I fall back to latin1 if there are illegal bytes?
How to differentiate within vim the Unix platform it is running under?
How to make f{char} case insensitive?
How can I suppress startup error E575?
Use blank line as end for one region and as start of another
C - Generate .h file from .c file
Backreference for syntax region
Using getcompletion function for insert mode autocompletion
Why is modeline off for root?
NERDTree seems to perform :lcd
Is it possible to put the cursor on the first item on auto-completion?
Pseudo-Indent (two spaces) Multiple Lines
How do I make Vim preserve column position when moving between lines?
gVimDiff in Nemo context menu
Break-down long strings and search/replace individual words
Why does the Command + delete not work in Neovim?
How to enable disabled movement keys in netrw?
loading back-reference groups "shortcut"
how to make vim indentation file type specific?
Figure out which dictionary is used when spell checking
Vim display won't refresh
Remapping ctrl-k has a delay
neovim nnoremap doesn't enter command mode after `gd`
How can I make the Neovim terminal run the current file in Python?
Unintended tabulation bind
How to indent bash code with neovim?
Use of Foldcolumns in Vim
Copy lines matching pattern, then substitute
Remove automatic comment leader
Is there a way to use cpp.doxygen syntax file and my own cpp.vim syntax file?
sending variable commands in vim-slime
vim mapping delayed because of plugin
How to substitute string between two special characters?
What does `wildignore` actually do and what functions/tools respect it?
Mapping that mixes recursive and non-recursive behavior
What's setting an ftplugin 'spell' back to 'nospell'?
how to write following pattern in vim?
How to customize the color of an HTML output file generated from Git Bash?
How to lock a window height / width?
how to create a keymap for vim that has a regex argument
How do I add text before and after the visual selection?
Clear ALL autocommands
concealing the start and end pattern in syntax region
How do I differentiate between vim and vimdiff from within vimrc?
Why do plugins check v:version < 700?
How to format csv with regex
How to transfer a register to the system clipboard?
Using set listchars, what are 'extends' and 'precedes'?
Highlight whole todo comment line
Is it possible to detect when a command uses no count?
Going to newline pulls existing code to beginning of line
what is the difference between calling vim by typing vi and typing vim
Where to download gvim 8.0?
How disable cursor shape modes in neovim?
Shortcut for automatic execution
How to successfully back out to command prompt with Ctrl-Z in Neovim on Windows?
What is this strange area, and how do I exit out of it
Simple modification of behavior of Home, End keys
How to fix auto pairing indentation?
Resize windows "visually"
YouCompleteMe: How to define special keyword?
Combining shell commands with :terminal
neovim: how to close the terminal buffer by just pressing enter?
How to print the filename with parent directory in insert mode?
Scons files not recognised as Python but as conf
Spellllang dependent key mapping
Insert position
Replace same match with squential list
How do you fix the Home and End keys producing 'H' and 'F'?
Calling vimscript functions from inside functions?
Call vim command from shell, and suppress output while it operates
Auto-indent with spaces, but insert TAB when I press the TAB key
bash script to open file and translate text
What are suggested ways to modify a plugin that was installed by vim-plug?
mystery cursor motion
How to search and replace in the history
passing arguments to pyfile/py3file function
How to disable Help menu in insert mode?
How can I toggle multiple mappings on/off with a command?
autocmd! tries to parse comment
How do you view the diff of a swap file without quitting `vim`?
Find only between marks
creating a menu for navigation in file
What is the default "effective" titlestring?
Normal highlight group changes cursor color in vim in xterm
Isolate a matched virtual column ruler to the cursorline only?
Can I retain and restore all the GUI windows and its files on launch on Vim?
Neovim takes so long to source ruby.vim
Enable %-key jumping/highlighting for backticks (`) and single-quotes (') in M4 files
How to replace ) by <left> when closing bracket [config]
Convert control-character (^F) to ascii string ("^F")
Is it possible to change the statusline color in Vim 8 terminal windows?
Automatically inserted timestamp no longer working
Set tab width according to file
Disable regex searching in specific windows
Is there a workflow to preview javascript/html/css projects inside the browser?
Contextual key bindings when a specific context menu is open
How to disable the command key in Vim in Mac?
How to open a file with variable in the path?
How to map Alt-Enter
Show filename tail and parent directory in statusline
Delayed esc from insert mode caused by cursor-shape terminal sequence
How to add a new colorscheme syntax keyword
Vim: Aligning insertion point with left side of column
How to not trigger InsertLeave inside an imap?
<Esc> key mapping seems to be not working in my vim 8.0 on my Ubuntu 16.04
Discover which other user(s) are accessing a file
Vim package development python support for 2, 3, or both?
Is there something like '5s' for replacing words (instead of letters)?
Line number order is broken
Why does "e" move you one character before the actual end of the word?
Indentation script does not work for all occurrence
Why -- ^X mode (^]^D^E^F^I^K^L^N^O^Ps^U^V^Y) Pattern not found?
Is there any way to copy a entire function without indicating line number?
How to comment a line in vim?
e or tabe into path resulting from a ! command
How to call both javascript and php complete in editing html file with vim?
neovim doesn't change cursor in st terminal
Why is using arrow keys in normal mode considered bad practice?
Is there a VIM plugin available to add JSONPath / jq / JMESPath path searching?
Vim not using variable value when changing a setting
How can I adjust ='s alignment of C-style comments?
Add custom section to airline
How do I wrap the location-list by default (without turning on wrap for files)?
Key repeat - removal of modifier
How to remove trailing white-spaces automatically while typing?
Why all lines dispear after executing the lines on edited file?
Save last action (.) in a macro
Why are two <cr> characters required when executing this highlighting toggle command?
How can I soft-wrap a word to a new line?
How to compile vim for user only and use git to track it?
How to NOT create a view and session file when viewing man pages
formatoptions for hybrid (short markup + long paragraphs) content
Vim, tmux, and xterm-bracketed-paste
Vim can't detect if a file is vim file type by commenting a file with vim:ft=vim
remove vim statusline for horizontal splits with laststatus already set to 0
How to create a key mapping to save file in any mode?
Auto activate autocompletion
MacVim - doesnt find programs in PATH when running commands using "!"
Is there a key to go to the next search result that is not on the screen currently?
Delete with search motion in normal command
Unable to detect filetype which is set forcefully inside a custom plugin
Disabling indentation for filenames without suffix
Why can't vim interpret '.' as 'source' in my .vimrc file?
How to indent one line multiple times?
How to execute (using bash) a buffer with line continuations (\)?
vimscript: how to get selected text in a register in normal mode?
How to format quotes, so that Vim breaks long lines into multiple quotes on multiple lines?
pythoncomplete can't complete python's build-in functions?
How do I perform a sanity check on my .vimrc from the shell programmatically?
How can I toggle between three predefined positions?
How to see the number of search return with Ag?
When provided folder, open default empty screen with CWD set to folder
Jump to next semicolun
How does Vim sets 'shell'?
Delete from the next character till EOL
Persistent conceal settings through Vim / Neovim restarts
netrw freezes if vim subwindow includes "beefy" network drive
Make backspace delete character and enter insert mode when in normal mode
Set gui's font in win7
Vim only show current line / hide every other line
Plugin for vim that auto indents after a : when editing python?
sheerun/vim-polyglot ruby seems cause enormous slow down, how to fix or better plugin to use?
neocomplete error when using latest spf13-vim
How do I jump to the next search result in a different window?
'Can not set language' error on SpaceVim launch
Correct way to add "context" attribute to an existing quickfix list
Why can't complete month in txt file?
Showing read-only or non-modifiable status in status line
Lint when finished writing a line
Parsing a valid normal-mode command (possibly with regex)? (for Vim-like Word add-in)
Scrolling the terminal with vi shortcuts?
Is there a way to quickly jump to signs?
Vim 8 built locally with custom prefix -- doesn't find tutor right off the bat
Learning vimscripting and functions
Why does vim not highlighting leading and trailing spaces?
How to map a function key in (console) vim
How to change the size of the indent that's created using ">" (forward arrow)?
How can I make syntax highlighting files more readable and maintainable?
Using Vimdiff to diff two things that are not local documents
How do I substitute two same words (of different cases) to another two words whilst retaining their original cases?
:q will not let me exit vim
Disable mapping delay
Syntax-aware line wrapping
Carets in status line
How to test if certain event is supported?
Unreadable display of Tamil characters in Vim
Do not wrap certain environments
Move to last line leave cursor in place
Using `gq` to correctly wrap function arguments
Does Windows GUI Vim perform font substitution for glyphs unavailable in current font?
How to transform this mapping into a function?
How do I stop vim from higlighting uncessary words in PHP
Disable vimdiff syntax highlighting
Close particular buffer immediately upon leaving it
`0` only moving to first "visible" column
How to load a "local" plugin with Minpac properly?
How to automatically select the first entry of the wildmenu without having to tab?
When should a function *not* be defined with "abort"
How can I change the colors used for highlight search matches?
How to use "FocusGained" to stop my cursor from moving
Implement "Press any key to close" in neovim terminal buffer
Quit a window by its win_getid() identifier?
How to copy content in + register from local vim to remote vim in good format?
Why vim plugins have a check on &cp
Changing content within the specified [count] number of braces for each line
Vim Terminal - Solarized Colorscheme [Gnome]
How to write the output of scriptnames into a file?
Why vim scp can't read file on my remote vps?
init.vim cannot be found
Using arguments in a .vimrc command
Is it possible to develop decent plugins using Ruby?
Folding RSpec content not depth
How to display in the statusline the number of matches from a search?
Remove new line from result of system()
When substituting with :%s/old/new/g, does g flag have any effect?
limiting global search&replace to matches that occur immediately to the right of the cursor
Refresh `vimgrep` list?
How to match pattern with buffer-scoped variable
How do I open a quickfix result in a new buffer?
How to setup vim for working in a very large directory?
Bash process substitution on vim command line?
How to add a fallback when :b buffer change fails
Strange behaviour of autocmd
Rainbow Parenthesis for Lisp in Vim
How to write a value or variable into a file using only vimscript?
Convert newline to something else in variable using substitute
How to do a find with a regex and jump to a specific position within the match
How to input full width spacewhite in vim?
How to color the selected character with red instead of changing it?
How to change highlighted text?
Change buffer focus on enter?
Extra fold of docstring when using foldmethod=indent
How to keep results of grep open while saving?
How to express an unicode code points set in match command?
How to run/debug ahk (AutoHotScripts) scripts using Gvim, vim
Python support using pyenv
Where are the French help files?
Add some lines in vim
Neovim `:terminal` not reading .bash_profile
Keep current line in same position when toggling folds (zi)?
Unable to Open NERDTree
How do I remove duplicate quickfix messages?
How to scroll back in the output of the last Ex command after pressing `g<`?
Find the nth word in a line, and replace it back into the line in different position
Setting the search pattern to just a portion of a regex pattern
Autoindent with minimal indentation
VIM swap-file best practices?
How vim doesn't expand Ex commands in autocmd?
hidden highlight selection when search with * or # is active
NASM and Syntastic: instruction not supported in 16-bit mode
Recursively open all folds in current open fold?
remove automatic '<,'> when hitting colon in visual mode
How to enable dictionary autocompletion without spell option set
How to delete a file from within a vimscript?
Manipulate content of background (non-current) buffers from vimscript
What are/could be the potential advantages of learning VimL or vim scripting language?
How can I import output from linux commands into vim for editing?
How to remove a line and paste it at the beginning of a range
How can I use a string variables for filepath in vimscript map command?
What does `-` mean in command `ls -la | vim -`?
Replace capitalized letters in matching lines
make :terminal use the current pane
How to quickly edit vim variable content?
How to unindent code blocks?
Trouble using <cword> in mapping
Why is this map added using <Plug> not showing up?
Add a block of text to end of lines
Wrapping lines in a paragraph with header and footer lines
Vim on Debian, configuration issues
Vi and Vim default to split left and split above. What is the history and motivation behind this?
combining the gq command
Neovim Gray Background
Interactively check given string highlight group
How to prevent Vim to collapse a fold with foldmethod=indent on a text paste?
Better way to copy paste previous word using vim's default keyboard sequences?
Visual mode toggle block commenting with vimrc command
How to see if Vim has a file opened or not, or has a buffer open
How to apply patch to a buffer in place?
Switch to viewport by name?
How do I map undo and redo to ctrl-z and ctrl-y respectively?
Check a simple html file with ale
<S-BS> and <C-BS> mappings not working
Why "there was a problem with vi" when saving a git commit message with :wq after accidental :Wq?
Issue when creating files using python in vim
Slow vim escape from insert mode
Neovim on Manjaro- No ~/.config/nvim file being created on install
Get literal character from printable character
Neovim- YouCompleteMe Python completion not working
Key mappings in vim cant find patterns
How do I insert value of a 'vim global variable' or 'vim internal commands' in text?
How to map <C-i> separate from <Tab>?
Change the name of a buffer in the background
How to match for diacritic combinations
Append line break to current line (opposite of `J`)
How to remap :w to :up?
Execution of nnoremap takes significant time
Running commands when switching to gui mode?
How to force vim spellchecker to ignore lowercase/uppercase errors
Is there possibly something wrong with (i)mapping the left bracket?
How to run zsh aliased command from vim command mode?
How to switch between buffer and terminal (cmd windows)
Why does the "rst" filetype automatically indent subsequent list items?
How to have a buffer takes 1/4 of a window and another takes all the rest?
E518: Unknown option: termguicolors
macvim does not recognize math latex symbols anymore
How to create man-pages and link them like in vim help system?
Disable paste mode entirely
vim: replace n strings with another strings
How to run shell commands on file without saving?
vim does not redraw the screen properly when scrolling the page up or down line-by-line
:global, how to use matched pattern in the cmd of :g/pat/cmd?
Difference between &g:filetype and &filetype
Fatal Python error: Py_Initialize: unable to load the file system codec ImportError: No module named 'encodings'
Use current filename register in bash command ran from VIM
Highlight arbitrary rectangular regions
Launching Vim with a file as argument does not work, if my .vimrc contains a `:cd` command
Highlight block of injected code
Color Stuff Inside Braces in a Desired Way With a Trigger
How can I remove the default digraphs?
How do I call functions and commands from .vim files in Vader tests?
How to set system cut-buffer clipboard as default in vim?
Quickfix list displays each line of log file
^O (Ctrl+O) works slowly
How to pass C-r to Vim terminal window?
Can vim-ale emit an error when it fails to parse compiler output?
Vim Session keeping terminal state
Detect if window has neighbour in given direction
Return from command autocomplete
How to use pure Vim as git mergetool?
Change the colors provided in gui-colors
How to make the edit command open the file in the first non NERDTree buffer window
Temporarily Disable/Reenable YouCompleteMe Plugin
How to automate Vim's native auto-completion with a drop-down menu?
Command Ordering
What's the difference between the '\zs' and '\@<=' atoms in Vim regex?
Expanding variables in path
Invoke command-line mode in input waiting state
Can I map contrl and hyphen <C-->?
How to redirect terminal output to vim or get `vim like` behaviour in terminal output
Matching interval brackets
Mapping tab with another key
Is there a way to specify a default eslint configuration file when using ALE plugin of Vim?
Substitute all tabs with four blank spaces
How to start gvim from command line with predefine pasting from clipboard
surround plug-in within global command
Can't get syntax highlighting rule to work
autocmd buffer local mapping if not *.py file
How to see very large gziped json file in linux using vi
Trigger reindentation after snippet has expanded to word in 'indentkeys'
Replace matching parentheses
Vim (Spacevim); :!git push == permission denied (publickey)
Why do I need two escaped spaces to insert one space in statusline
Automatically create files based on expanding snippets?
hide the WinBar (TermDebug)
How can I make sure all buffers end up as tab or force remaining buffers into tabs?
Clear shell screen everytime a shell command is run
What is the between 'set ft=' and 'setfiletype'?
How can I delimit sentences by carriage return?
How do I get help for a specific package?
How to run the history search in Vi mode in bash
How to redirect search results into a new file?
How can I determine if *any* window in the current tabpage is in diff-mode?
Any way to prevent :Ag search from automatically opening the first returned result?
Is it possible to not have the same buffer open in multiple windows?
How to stop vim from reformatting lines inside a codeblock in a markdown file?
Why are my bulleted lines automatically joining?
Registers ” vs @
Syntax highlight Markdown formulas using LaTeX highlighting
As a Total Beginner, Should I Start With Vanilla Vim or with Neovim?
Why does :bd # delete the current buffer when no alternate buffer exists?
Why does Git think Vi quit in error?
Call vimscript function on first keypress
How do I open a tag with <C-]> but open it in an existing split?
How to use WSL's bash shell as default terminal of gvim/windows 10?
"-u {vimrc}" not working as expected
Difference between unmap and mapping to <Nop>
Cannot find color scheme error in Neovim
How to make YouCompleteMe work with cgo
Vim Error for Git Commit Message
map something to the action of the leader key?
Is there a prepend insert mode?
Is loadview conflicted with readonly mode?
IDE-alike Find Usages
Quickfix navigation not working properly
Why does "E89: No write since last change" error not occur when commands are joined with bar?
disable clipboard: how to set clipboard option to Black hole register?
Duplicating a row and modifying the duplicate as a macro or regex
How to open a split-diff for selected file out of the commit
BufNewFile doesn't work from ftplugin
Tab multiple lines
Convert a search and replace to a function
How to auto save on *.coffee files when lose focus (in insert mode) then also back to normal mode
How to capture errors from make in terminal window
mapping to enclose symbol under cursor with an expression that contains the symbol (revisited)
VimScript "unknown function" on a lot of functions
Can I block vim from saving a file that isn't validated using an outside tool?
Highlight `SquishedCommas`, except at end of line
Applying vimrc to vimtutor in Windows
Is `width` a parameter of the Python object `vim.current.window`?
Search and Replace in each PATTERN with counter
jobsend sends no data even though return code is 1?
Is there a way to disable the command line window?
Pasting emojis  in Vim or Neovim
copy line XX and paste it below my cursor (avy / ace jump style)
How to determine the bit-width of the Number type in Vimscript?
applying a map only to normal buffers
How can I detect which command triggers a shortcut in a third-party package?
Setting syntax in ftplugin
Visual block mode and vim surround?
How can I align the comment at the end of sentences when the comment predictor is already shown?
Syntax - Match word based on a previous match
Question about autocompletion in Vim editor and html document
How to create an Edit-with-Vim context menu entry for Vim 8.1 on Windows 10
Why does VIM not copy the entire text inside the backticks in `\\sfdas\lsdfjla\` if I use `yi``
How to get all/global match results for a string?
Dynamically toggle formatoptions based on input
Is visual model selection really faster than using mouse?
I have a red line that splits my terminal window into tow parts when i open python files, why its there?
vim-easy-align: How to align multiple characters with single command?
How do I pass a full filepath to a function in a Vim plug-in?
How to recover from swap files correctly on Neovim?
How do you make the command mode case insensitive?
How to deal with accented latin characters on neovim
how to edit the command when copy into conque
Overwrite buffer with system clipboard by ex command
How can I pass extra flags to FZF/ripgrep commands with the leader key?
Number of columns highlighted
Going to the start of insert command on exit
How to use vimgrep recursively for specific file extensions?
How do I start overwriting visually selected text without c
Mardown files always have vimwiki filetype (vimwiki plugin)
Get <Leader> value as <Space> and not ' '
Move a column up-/downwards
How to highlight multiple lines?
error output when using commands proxied via WSL (asyncrun plugin)
Insert text including capture group from search using global command
Add ^M character in mapping without entering <CR>
Swapfile issues with vim when using remote Windows 10 SMB Share?
How do I enable the auto-pairs plugin in vim?
Move Selected Lines in Visual Line Mode
How to change gVim icon on Windows?
Reclaim cursor shape in operator pending mode of neovim while using vim-surround
Insert specific character after each instance of a character in a line
Extended ASCII characters changed upon opening Vim in different shell
Vim: remember last two items highlighted, with toggle
Filter list of jobs (started with job_start()) by status
How to open file based on current file path
How to copy text with syntax highlighting?
How to use NeoVim as a pager?
How to differentiate quickfix window buffers and location list buffers?
NerdTree Toggle seems to overwrite my set columns=80
EasyAlign: Why first line is not aligned?
How to invoke mapped `i_CTRL-W` in function
Running vim's ':make' using ':term'
Strange behaviour when switching buffers in vim (syntax highlighting and keymaps cease to work until .vimrc source)
editing cell blocks of text, within a pseudo tabular arrangement
Cannot change the color of status line
Copy-Paste C# style function with attributes
remote scrollbind with an offset (to increase the viewing area, over two screens)
How to get 50 char long warning color highlight in vim gitcommit message without fugitive
Operate on a visual selection by looping through the lines
Unable to uninstall VIM installed from source
Suppress/bypass "file has changed" errors when editing cifs/Samba files
How to adjust gVim to my HiDPI display scaling on Windows 10?
Use :terminal to display file with ansi escape codes
Automatically apply indentation using spaces or tabs
Compile vim with python3 support in Windows
Maximizing gVim on Windows 10 while also restoring all open files / tabs
Scroll wheel inserts seemingly-random characters in cygwin vim, depending on where on the screen the mouse cursor is
How to add "Edit with gVim Easy" context menu item in Windows 10
vim word boundaries in syntax files
How to check if my .vim/buflist.txt file is empty or contains whitespace(s) in _vimrc
Ctrl-G doesn't show column in Nvim
Is there a way to open header file in c?
How to source .vimrc inside a function in .vimrc?
Make Ctrl-] give a list of matches to choose from instead of taking me to the first match
VimL functions to differentiate between File Exists and File Readable
Toggle comments
How can I enable the 256 colors on Vim?
How to suppress the error {Error detected while processing BufRead Auto commands for "*"}
How to build vim GUI version with GTK
How can I change the cursor moving on ctrlp?
Python integration not working as usual
How can I change the cursor moving on fzf?
Stay in visual mode when in command mode and pressing escape
How to add files to argument list without adding them to buffer list?
How do I get a specific colorcolumn value?
Unable to set iskeyword for colon ( : ) character
How can I check the "additional sections" of vim-airline in greater details?
Renaming an augroup in vimrc
The tab adds 8 spaces even though `set tabstop?` returns 4
How to print an option's value to standard output?
Replace a line with two other lines
Switching buffers in VI while skipping any terminal in VI 8.1
How to use a value stored in a variable in the command mode?
Revert effect of source $VIMRUNTIME\mswin.vim
Vim autocommand based on username - print message
Saving .swp/.un~ files to subdirectories
Vim not recognizing markdown and tex files
Load a hidden terminal buffer
Can I set the default search directory on fzf?
Visualize git commit diff similarly to mergetool
Return to current state of file after issuing :earlier command?
Is it possible to manage tabs only within the single window in split mode?
Scrollback in Vim 8 Terminal
Avoid "write partial file"?
Make :f do the same thing as :find in Vim
String comparison not working as expected!
Change Case of last searched pattern
How to load commits in a certain date range with fugitive?
How can I automatically preform operations when a vim *window* is resized?
IPython %cpaste command freezes in Terminal mode
What does g'\"" mean?
Align Righthand Side Comments
`vim.eval('a:items')` fails if 'a:items' contain `BOM HEADERs`
Command line messages disappear in a flash
How can I read a command-line argument in vimrc?
Template plugin(?) to jump to next occurance of '<++>'
Vim is unable to find Python
How to undo the deletion of characters in insert mode caused by Ctrl-U?
How to match braces or brackets?
How to edit a register in normal mode from a script
<S-Arrows> weird behavior (<S-UP>,<S-DOWN>,<S-LEFT>,<S-RIGHT>)
Pasting from register to command line inserts ^M instead of new line
vim split horizontal resize shortcut
neovim does not work after a "| xargs"
How could I create a terminal at the bottom
Limiting the output of `reg` to only those matching a string
Open quickfix window without focusing it
How to check if a shell command exists
How come the splitted window failed to update its shapes along with the whole window
Avoid highlighting defined by 'matchadd' in comments
Vim vim-airline on split view, change colors
Unable to install vim plugin in raspberry pi
How to set a shortcut to run make in Vim and show the output
How to automatically return to where the cursor was before executing cdo?
change inner backslashed quotes
Paste in normal mode ignores autoindent
Moving to an outer block
Loading source file with :tabe
Change the terminal emulater neovim uses
How could I maintain split layout when deleting buffers?
What does `nowritebackup` actually do?
Why does ^C behave differently from ESC when exiting visual block substitution?
Why is Vim pasting after the cursor?
showcmd on first line instead of last line
How to paste the content from dot . command
How to make vim shell command wait for keypress?
How can I easily indent inline comments?
difference between marks and tags?
Add prefix to numbers at beginning of each line
`gt` is not consistent with `gT` (and many other commands) when `{count}` is prepended
Move/filter to next *blank* line
Delete entire block, with the prefixes before the opening {
How long can a file be non-existent when I'm saving it in vim
Scroll view up or down while in insert mode
Using global command on Quickfix entries
How do I manually set the colorscheme for a single editing session?
how to replace N characters without having to press <esc>, is it possible?
Can I add configuration to /etc/vimrc that takes effect after the configuration in /etc/vim/vimrc?
Dein options to only load plugin if dependent program found
Show external command output in preview window
What key presses/escape codes does vim expect for <ScrollWheelLeft> and <ScrollWheelRight>?
How to format JSON file in Vim
How to run a python command based on a matched group of a pattern?
importing skeleton on keybind
How to drop undo history?
What is making my configuration enter operator pending mode on new session?
how to set filetype after session restored with vim-session plugin
Run command to disable a plugin in modeline
Open and Close Syntastic window with one mapping
How to disable bad indentation when pasting text?
C# ctags configuration for use with vim?
remap keybinding for vim gocode autocomplete feature? (remap keybinding in insert mode)
How can I see which buffers are in diff mode?
How to set VIM's background based on terminal's background colour?
Delete from end of line in visual block mode
Vim/neoVim really slow startup
Why does Vi change the size of my .bin file?
Remap Esc key in Vim
What command can I use to insert the current directory in the command-line mode?
Is it possible to use normal mode type editing in denite?
Place a string onto the command line without execution
How to set up vim tags for JavaScript using vim-easytags
Put error into quickfix window
Split resizing with mouse not working after upgrade from ubuntu 16.04 to 18
Vim Comment Box Macro
why ctrl-h and ctrl-l behaves differently in normal mode?
How vim invokes and executes python interpreter
Expand the visual selection independently of the cursor position
How to insert special keys (like <return>, <m-r>) into macro registers with script?
Substitute an insert-mode input immediately
what's the purpose of leading colon in key map?
Is it possible to type "return + shift" to insert a new line in deoplete?
Should I install Vim or Neovim in a Docker image used on servers?
After closing a file, how do I remember/return to the previous line?
Do nothing in :windo if condition does not apply
How do I check if Vim is currently recording a macro?
Add space after parens
In Linux, on an extremely long running vim session, calls to system() fail with E484 "can't open file /tmp/<tempfile>"
Is it possible to return to normal mode in the middle of a vim command?
How to start recording a macro, using commandline mode?
In visual mode, how do I bind a key so that the selected text generates "%s/<SELECTEDTEXT>/<CURSORHERE>/g"?
How to change Operator highlight color in Vim?
vim specific indentation for markdown
change ofWord to of Word, and ignore offer, office, off etc
dd/cc command getting slow after custom mappings
Comment character is not auto-indented in Bash and Python scripts
How to disable default mouse wheel behavior in iTerm?
How to apply a custom highlight file?
Expand all folds created by vim-latex when opening a LaTeX file
Option set in vimrc is overwritten - nvim
Vim CursorLine default color
Automatic format: how to insert needed amount of spaces for vertical aligning?
How to move a line onto the end of some other line
How do I enable the gruvbox airline after installing gruvbox with Vundle?
How to isolate what is changing `set noshowmode` to `showmode` upon startup?
Set different values for non-current and current statuslines
Exclude file pattern from keeping it in viminfo history?
substitution in every other line
Coloring Piece of Tabbar
Do not apply settings for non-modifiable popup windows
CursorLineNR highlight not working
Highlighting a search capture group
how to know if the current file in the buffer is a (.)dotfile using vimscript?
Why doesn't the cursor return to its original position in this command to create a new line?
Can't echo messages from inside async functions
Non-greedy regex quantifier is greedy
Vim multi-line substitute/insert once on selected text
what is the difference between "* and "+?
Search and replace a pattern with new line except for a pattern
Can capitalized marks be saved in session INSTEAD of viminfo?
Change text between two $ symbols
Create remap with variable
Match and replace very specific number
Abbreviations do not work when space is conditionally remapped
Statusline – update variables on file change
Neovim not showing correct background color
Quick find and replace a fixed placeholder
How to list content of jar in jar .. in vim
zt for horizontal scrolling
how to skip commented lines when navigating?
Match pattern and highlight it in modeline for a specific filetype
diffpatch using the output of git diff directly
Swap `j` and `gj`
Monkey-patch plugin function
Working with line continuations (\).
Use flake8 for Cython with w0rp/ale
Error when opening shell scripts
Is there anyway to let cursorline take care of the visual tabs generated by 'breakindent'?
how to create a buffer like a fugitive temporary buffer
How can I prevent <CR> from moving the cursor downward?
User Input in a Recording
disable cursor blinking in terminal-vim
Netrw error: "Illegal PORT command"
Highlight semicolmns when editting lua files
Command line argument for lengthy command
How to analyse file and get variable definition?
Why gf is not working with variable?
Why gvim can't work with command: p4 client?
How to make abbrev ignore my custom keybindings?
How to dynamically define variables?
Copy first letter of each word in a line
Search not behaving as expected
In Vim, how to tag/enrich buffers with custom information (that persist naturally)
Can I open a file in a new tab with ctrl + return in NERDTree?
How to conceal Markdown syntax per-word, rather than per-paragraph?
Highlight whitespace using matchadd
Syntax folder under plugin/foo/syntax/foo.vim not automatically applied when filetype change?
How to map <C-Space> to ESC
How do I find commands that're available in insert mode?
separating folds with constant amount of newlines
Macro "oend^[Ores^[" results in new line "end2es". How?
The `expand('<cWORD>')` Returns Empty String in `inoremap`
Vim still create backup/swap/undo folder under .cache when set nobackup/noswapfile/noundofile
vim suddenly stops indenting and uses tabs instead of spaces
Installed and set colorscheme but method puts and print not working on ruby
inoremap ctrl h to move left in insert mode not work (it delete the left character exactly)
How to keep Ag (the silver searcher) open when no matches are found?
cmake movement plugin
Generating help tags for packages that are loaded by Vim 8's package management
Re-sync _folds_ from start
Can I substitute the value of enter/return?
[no]foldenable / foldmethod for each buffer but keep those settings persist for each buffer
Does Vim in console/tty have same colors set as in terminal/xterm-256color?
Some function keys switch cases of letters under and after the cursor
Opening :terminal window in new buffer
How to remove entries from v:oldfiles list in neovim
Give variable to makeprg
how to get the index of the current item in quickfix list
Spellchecking multiple files with vim
How can I get Tabular to only work with certain lines and to use spaces as a delimiter?
custom mapping not working with yank command
How to source an Ex file and automatically go to Insert mode
How to get the number used before a command as an argument?
In visual mode, how can I select to either the next section or the end of the file?
indentkey '}' triggers with delay?
opening powershell from inside vim
Sort lines ignoring leading component
Vundle not instaling Plugins / Ignoring
How can I pass a text to an external program without changing the current buffer?
Unable to repeat comment string for new line
iedit behaviour in Vim?
Wrong abbreviation expansion
getpos(".") in visual mode equals getpos("v")
How to "dereference" variables in keymappings?
How to edit variable's content?
Vim 8.1 Globally custom highlight colors
Neovim freezes with FZF
How to exactly search current word?
Batch change name from ABC - DEF.pdf to DEF - ABC.pdf
Completly silencing commands like `dd`, `:delete` of old vim versions (7.4.152)
Sending command to different tmux pane from vim
How to break a long mapping line into several short lines in vimrc mapping
Does FileType only works when vim acctually knowns the type by default?
Why aren't the lines copied into my system register?
vim-latex: sometimes abbreviations do not expand in tex buffers
How do I remove first 2 characters of each even numbered line?
Why does placing echom in vimrc as part of a mapping cause it to echo on load?
Specify UTF-8 encoding in Vimrc
Errors are not identified in quickfix window
Is there a way to get a tab-local variable for a tabpage that is not currently activated
Keep the full visual selection after indenting in easy mode vim
Repeating a macro to create lines of text
customize Ex command completion
How to put a new line character in an abbreviation?
Precision format in Vi
Syntax highlighting in consecutive single-line comments
Make Vim ignore first character in line while indenting
How can I make F9 with vim-latex work with "\cite{"?
How can I turn off syntax highlighting for one specific element?
gvim gnome hides command prompt
Preventing the join() command from adding extra space
How do I run a shell command periodically and silently from within Vi?
Cannot map <C-j> sequence in vim
Why does vim CursorMoved event triggered in this script?
Is there a setting that hides the last colon-command entered?
How to install the latest version of Vim on macOS?
How could I turn off the terminal line number while keep the editor line number in vimrc
How could I adjust terminal height
Why does this recursive vim macro stop?
How to compare two different Vim installs?
Enable cursorline only in preview window?
How to show cursor in the middle of the window despite being at the end of the file?
VIM: bufnr("%") not matching number from :buffers for NERDTree buffers
Lost an important doc with "vi -x"
E138: Can't write viminfo file $HOME/.viminfo! root $HOME not set in vim
NeoVim indents each property:value in CSS
Cannot set (let) mapleader and use <leader> in global vimrc
the matching pattern for TabClosed autocmd
Keeping the window filled with the document
How to use normal mode commands in ex mode?
Different color for comments with one # and two ## in python
How could I map Alt on linux
Priority highlighting
What is the difference between ^ and _ for cursor movement
Standard Vim commands not working
Syntax highlight works for gvim but not for terminal vim
Conditional window split
Overwrite Vim theme color scheme
Make Control-A and Control-X work better for host names and the like
How to un-silent exec in vim only if there is an error?
cmdline: how to expand `##` in-place?
How to determine character offset of cursor in buffer?
requires Vim compiled with Python (2.7.1+ or 3.4+) support
How to select a block in visual mode and delete this block and immediately enter insert mode?
Easiest way to insert LaTeX matrix?
Does `hi link XXX Normal` provide any benefits?
How do I make the yaml indent not indent lists?
How to display a sign before the line number gutter?
vim process memory consumption increase with time
copy a file in netrw
Errorformat for jest output
NeoVim: colorscheme won't work in init.vim; requires command to be typed
24-bit / 256 colorscheme in Windows console
How to search literally without any regex pattern?
E464: Ambiguous use of user-defined command: Plug 'rdnetto/YCM-Generator' , { 'branch': 'stable'}
How to find why esc doesn't work right away in visual mode?
Toggle UltiSnips
Remaping leader with :execute cannot run two commands at once
vim is messed up in iterm
How do I configure syntastic to use Python3 in Ubuntu?
How to map <A-h> without opening gvim help?
How to visually select a pattern only on current line using vimscript?
How can I visual select a ruby module?
neovim: exit code for jobs terminated by jobstop
How to highlight/match (but not search!) the word under cursor
stop updating screen until function finishes or manually call redraw
How to map a call to a system function using the current filename?
Transform lines: prepend with incrementing number and string and append with string for each line in one step
Why are Vim 8 :term colours with gvim different from those in plain vim :term or bash?
Append `0,` to all lines having 2 commas and not more than 2 commas?
How to disable insert-mode popup-menu mappings?
Adding a quantifier to group
How to get html tag auto completion?
Neovim - Run a forward command with python
C++: different auto-indentation for function protoypes versus continuation lines
Tag not found unless searched for
Odd langmap behavior with multi-key bindings
How to autoformat a multi-line string
How to escape paths for findfile() and finddir()?
excluding line numbering from mkview/loadview
What's the Vim equivalent of Emacs's other-window command?
Is there an efficient way to sort a selection of comma separated values in a single line?
Replace every second space on each line?
Disable highlighting for tex files with texvim
How to set CursorLine highlight color for the gruvbox colorscheme
NASM and syntastic: binary output format does not support external references
Using Pandoc with vim keybindings
What are the allowable characters in identifiers?
exiting vim without close tabs or files
How can I watch variables when debugging Vimscript?
Function Unable to Fail: Breaks Macros
'<,'> in command prompt
Indentation command `gg=G` for 'compressed' HTML doesn't unfold tags
How to jump to a character offset in a buffer?
Sharing vim commands history across different users and computers
Vim: Don't close fold when closing file
Function to toggle set colorcolumn
Are counts commutative?
How can I make Vim recognise ordinal numbers (1st, 2nd) as valid spellings?
Mapping backspace to delete previous word
Last buffer order
How do I insert a single space into the same column of a group of lines?
Check if key is already bound in vimscript / Map key only if not mapped already
Quoting blocks but ignoring whitespace
folding in matlab
How can I conveniently close all read-only buffers?
Using pathogen, will allow me to exploit neovim capabilities when developing a plugin?
Is there a text object or motion for non-comment lines are not separated from comment lines by blank lines? E.g., in git commit messages
Binding horizontal scroll in a function with feedkeys
vmap and visual block: how do I write a function to operate once for the entire block?
How do I get neovim to automatically return to normal mode when idle?
Why does :new create a split?
How can I see what arguments vim was invoked with?
Unable to copy line with .co
Is there any `setvirtcol()`?
How do you end the command when using :c?
vim recorded session like doitlive
Visual Select highlighting not working anymore
What is the configuration equivalent to `gg`?
How to get neighboring buffer numbers
How to stop "tab" key indenting whole line
Enable digraph only for certain characters
replace or operate within regex match
How to visual select everything within a pair of fold markers
Open man section 3
Highlighting only in a certain file
How do I replace all accented characters like "á", "ő" and "é"?
Syntax highlighting of key = value pairs
autocmd changes only applying to new files
Create a custom keybind for a notes file on vim
Incorrect auto-indent bash
Understanding YouCompleteMe's 'Configuring through Vim Options' Mechanics
expandtab tab as 2 spaces show visually as 6 columns
Vim Swap File Became 187 GB, What are Possible Explanations?
How can I easily open two similar files?
How can I overwrite a whole file with the content of another?
Emacs like narrow to region
Read the first line of the current file to process it in a command (Emulating %TeX root)
Cause of random hangs
How to force vimtex to display \textbf and \textit in insert/normal mode?
Error detected during LaTeX-Suite-aka-Vim-LaTeX plugin update with Vundle
Changing the vim color scheme only highlights lines of text?
Abbreviations add spaces when they shouldn't
How to show illegal whitespace (such as unbreakable space) in source code?
"diff"-ing current with "earlier" time
Mapping ESC key to toggle command/insert modes
how reformat kegg reconstruct pathway in vim?
Go to line with `<line><leader>` without timeout
How to remove ^@ character returned by `system()`?
The difference between a plugin script and a sourced script
From one split, how can I get the filename of the file in another split?
Unexpected characters injected when copying from clipboard to vim in terminal
Minimal swap file use or deleting only swapfiles without changes
Search and replace multiple line items within a range?
Shell coloring handling with :read command
how to disable displaying of filename in the command bar when opening files in vim/nvim?
Vim highlighting in textfiles
vim: mapping several commands to one shortcut
How to make this work in insert/edit mode too?
Beep upon using a mapping
Has nvim ever worked on windows for anyone?
Cannot remap F2 in vim (vim.gtk)
Ask if file extension is missing when opening new file
`vint` linter just quits due to a vim plugin incompatibility
Define new text object for snake case
Equivalent to tmux CTRL+B z in vim?
Replace all quotes with escaped quotes and vice versa
Support for embedded languages
set rtp in a function does not work
Automatic highlighting non ASCII character when loading 'vim' filetype buffer
How to display rwx permissions with netrw?
Have colors when using :make
How to edit a file in a new tab?
Why are swap files so big?
Why is my small SQL comment not backed up in the .swp file?
How to delete entire function definition (C style)
Specify GDB version for Termdebug
How does the following regex works
Why do I get "incompatible error" while opening .sh files using vi in cygwin?
How can I append every filename as a List value in a variable?
In autocmd-patterns, how to match a vim variable?
Is the number of foldtext dashes incorrect?
How to check if the value of a variable has a specific character?
Remap Enter in command history edit window only
Airline section_x for particular filetype
How to jump to the previous location in the same file?
Why Backspace key do not work in insert mode in shell file by default in Cygwin?
Unable to use the clipboard when inside terminal (:term) on macOS
(Solved-ish) neovim: Don't close :terminal buffer after process exit
How to light the Caps Lock LED when in insert mode (on GNU/Linux)?
How can I make my Vim setup (with plugins) portable without leaving artefacts on a given system?
Make a command to open c files next to the corresponding header
Fold: foldtext() for each filetype
Fold: Different highlight style for fold of each filetype
Simplest way to delete a "composite" word?
edit many files in one buffer
Fold: highlight folded text only
define two syntax regions with same pattern
vim can't process tags
no longer can underline current cursor
How to delete Chinese characters in Lisp code (solved)
Is there a shortcut like <C-W>o that ignores the E445
Suppress error message from "substitute" if string not found
How to access "additional sections" in vim-airline?
track deletion and insertion of lines
Are script local functions (s:funcName()) unit testable?
How to setup ALE with clang?
How to update the statusline continuously even if the window becomes inactive
Prepend line underneath current line (or "join" to front of line)
Weird behaviour when repeating macro
Remap / to a another search function?
Solve cursor invisible on some highlights
How to use a regexp to search/match specific pattern only for the custom statusline and/or tabline?
Change working directory color in NERDTree
How to move to parent directory with LeaderF?
Cursor jumps 1 or 2 columns to the right after line up / down ( j / k )
How do I execute normal commands from an autocmd?
How to make vim display ZWNJ characters correctly?
How to make Neovim to not show the "[Process exited {num}]" when quitting a term?
What does it mean by `...` parameters in a function?
Fixing pug syntax highlighting
gVim: How to prevent horizonal scrollbar from resetting when scrolling vertically?
How to jump to the line of a diff?
Operator pending mode remaps not working
Why do windows not have syntax after split?
How to close splits automatically when changing file or closing VIM?
Cursor change when GVIM lost focus
`:bro w` initially opens wrong directory in 8.1.1
Multiline regular expression excluding characters
Help for filetype specifics
How to replace seconds with hours:minutes:seconds?
Search and replace: float arithmetic
Match all digits but not string
How to get the specific key in a dictionary using the just the key's value?
Extending the true line width to enable screen readers to see what blind users cannot
vim-latex installation confusion
Vim slow to open buffers, but not specifically in any sourcing plugin step
I want to improve my cursor movement
Why vim keeps returning error "E714: List required" when I'm already feeding a list to it?
Press and hold 'x' and delete just until the cursor
Why is :execute required in this --remote-silent command?
Automatically jump to text object during `ci(`
Python debugging
how to insert a character string between the first two letters of all the list value?
How do I clear Neovim window after exiting Neovim on Window 10
Shortcuts for math and quotes with vim-latex & insert space after fullstop
FZF --preview in Vim returns zsh shell error
how to append a list value to another list value?
Different shiftwidth in .html and .md files
How to debug "Unknown function: dist#ft#SetFileTypeSH" after upgrade to 8.1
How can I use the return value of a function in a :set command?
Clear New Vim Terminal window
Replace With Text From The Line Above?
How to ignore a failed :g (global) command in a macro?
Swap grid[X][Y] to grid[Y][X] in full file
Automatically reindent lines filtered through formatprg
non-word characters in tags
aliased commands don't work with the shell ex command?
Why can't I paste commands into vi?
Renaming variables
Multiline search like with f and F
mapping does not work even if I have set it up in config file
Insert Page break ^L automatically after specific number of lines/characters?
changes command only display current file change history
What is the easiest way to select multiple words in visual mode?
Supertab inserts tabulation instead of autocompleting
Search and replace: Replace substring of match (with substitute(...))
Setup to not automatically open/close folds when writing fold-markers (in the presence of a modeline)
Vim doesn't understand <Tab>, <Enter>
what are the usage of equalprg and formatprg
Get immediate feedback about a search string with no matches in vim
xml ftplugin overrides textwidth
regex vim multiple characters in search, multiple characters in replace
What does `{ buf -> ... }` mean in vim script?
Map ^M or CR to Enter and Ctrl-Enter to 'new line'
Cannot type backslash (\) in Vim
How to disable line-too-long warning in SpaceVim
]m moves to class definitions not method definitions inside nested classes
Automatically uncompress section of buffer
in function how to stop visual mode and how to run a mapping
How to set vim as the default Text editor?
How to convert a sequence of words to a list?
regex characters replace multiple characters
How to combine 2 actions for different mode into one mapping
How to define a varialbe and refer to it later
(Windows 10) Set Vim as Default Text Editor AND use with NERDTree
Installing a Vim package. syntax highlighting does not turn on
Escaping Shell Command Arguments in Vim
neovim-qt : Is it possible open files in the existing window?
Having two modelines in one file, is that possible?
repeat last command but not write
how to check whether the location list for the current window is open
Execute visual selection/current line in Vim terminal via keymap
alternative of `BufWinLeave` autocmd that triggers when buffer goes invisible from the screen
undo mark overwrite
Faster way to search for whole words
Can Neovim API get the text in command input area?
overwrite motion-wiseness of operator pending mode
return value of execute(command) when command has "silent!"
Make :w automatically run :nohl
How can I repeat last substitution and with the same flags
Vim not encoding with UTF-8
Indent on New Line between HTML/XML Tags
p (paste) but keep cursor same column
Paste not working
How do I split a vim Window using python?
`q` does not record tab completion correctly
How to diff/edit two versions of the same file with vim?
How to use fnamemodify to return dirname/filename?
Execute Vim commands from shell
Make conditional imap to text being enclosed in certain characters
Determine if the cursor is on the first/last character of word
How to specify Perl encoding in Vim?
iabbrev starting with semicolon
cscope adds home directory twice to a file and can't find it
Bind visual mode 'I' and 'A' to always use visual block mode before inserting
Subscribe to a buffer event in a lua plugin
How to yank count of matches of a pattern to a register?
How to match and replace the pattern [35+1] in vim version 7.4.160?
Configure Neomake to use gcc for C files and g++ for C++ files
Repeat complicated motions
Insert C/C++ loops and statements templates automatically
How do I jump to a file:line displayed by [I?
Surround part of line with comment /* .. */
defaults for version 8.0.1766 go away once I define ~/.vimrc
Replace all integers until a certain character
How to force redraw when returning to command line from command line history window?
Visual Block Mode: How to insert text to multiple lines after line ending?
Open ctrl+] in a new split?
Why does vim ignore commentstring when folding (foldmethod=marker)
How to install Vim 8.1 Silently on Windows?
On the length of tabs after an initial character
Need to run PlugInstall on each open
How to get w word and b back to treat hyphens and underscores like spaces?
Share configuration across `ftplugin` files without duplicating code
Modify `iskeyword` for keyword-local completion only
How to have the echo command process newline characters?
Get the column that the cursor is on in vimscript
Vim: a weird background problem in gnome-terminal
configure VIM with Python support for Debian 9.4 VM Instance
Prevent colorscheme from changing background color
Unmapping filetype mappings
What does this code snippet mean for Syntastic
No color in Vim while using Google Cloud Shell
Compiling Vim with python3 showing E370: Could not load library libpython3.7m.a
Matching 'Capitalized' words in Vim
execute 'Goyo' on loading pandoc document
Pressing CTRL-U combination gives invalid arguments for function timer_stop?
How can I quickly replace multiple selections one after another?
What is the difference of using `au BufNewFile,BufRead *.py` and `au Filetype python` in .vimrc?
Open a second file and quit the previously opened one without saving
How to yank a specified amount of lines in vim -E mode?
How to show [noeol] flag in custom statusline?
vim how to page down/up in another window
Copy and paste with breakindent set
Why does `:call f(...)` do nothing while mapping it to a binding works?
Why does `<C-k> {char1} {char2}` work for digraphs but `{char1} <BS> {char2}?
How do you navigate large source files with VIM?
Syntax highlighting (contains, contained) of only the first match
How to change one syntax behaviour in vim
Swapping two vim mappings
Getting "fugitive: No Gbrowse handler found"
Requesting aliased :guifont rendering on Windows
Why does autoload/myplugin.vim get sourced?
Match everything except some characters and some strings?
what is the installation size of vim?
How to parse a string to a list?
i<c-e> and i<c-y> copy to end of line
How to get writefile() to pay attention to &nofixeol?
matchstr() acts differently when used in script?
How to save modifiable and readonly states in session file?
How to set a colorscheme that still shows spelling errors?
Can vim mark (highlight) page breaks?
Why doesn't undercurl use underline in my terminal?
Occupy the remaining space in terminal
search and replace: remember case in substitute
Why does `nnoremap K ko` not work on first line
How do I use `set cursorline` but keep background color highlights e.g. in quickfix window
How do I make this vimscript function (taken from another question here) 'forget' about a previous search term?
Keep relative cursor position after indenting with >>
vimrc if syntastic use
set shortcut depending on filetype
Integrating ranger into neovim
How can I create a text object for a Python block comment?
How can I make Vim not remember a command?
Vim: Is it possible to modify syntax rule of the Folded group?
fnameescape() : add other characters to be escaped (parenthesis, commas etc)
Statusline percentage is erratic
How do I make ftdetect rule recognize syntax statement at the end of a file?
Commands history for vim commandline and :terminal
Update OS enviroment variables from inside VIM
vim cannot check markdown spell
How to count the number of tilde lines in a window?
How can I stagger text in vim?
Vim: Replace visual selection without overwriting the unnamed register
How to change jumplist behavior
updating running neovim's setting `background` using a terminal response
Is it possible to non-recursively remap a command?
Why does setting runtimepath do nothing?
Apply the new setup of .vimrc to the file open to the other tab in the terminal
how to conceal filename and line number in quickfix window
Editing diffs in-line in vim
Netrw multiple files selection
Function keys: won't work with macros (I tried a lot)
Substitute regex group in prompt when replace with confirmation
Start a new terminal instance if window splitting was initiated from a terminal buffer
Capture the next keypress under 200ms
vimL, how to get alternate window's current buffer number
How to copy all non-alphanumeric characters at the begining of the line to the next line?
Remap left arrow to ctrl key in vim
How to add JavaScript and JSX comments in the same .js file
How to show 2 spaces as tabs in listchar?
Any way to select an item by number in the wildmenu?
Jinja html templates formatting with ALE and Prettier in Vim
LaTeX indent for \iff error in vim
(how) can I use di< / di> to delete inner block of xml
How to toggle between split window layouts?
How can I enter visual mode in Ubuntu?
make vim produce patch files without editing originals
Using horizontal scroll commands without setting `nowrap`
autocompletion - How to add phrases as thesaurus synonyms
What is 'cpoptions' += o?
Insert comma on new line in array
Why won't my mapping work <C-W><Right> z;
How to stop auto indent for some file with particular suffix
Change a word with a N repating characters where N = word length
Execute command in terminal mode at terminal startup
how could I use different `.vimrc` with `-u` option
terminal shell behaves differently from normal shell
vim syntax for python call and keyword arguments: issues with built-in keyword
Listchar "precedes" does not show up
Best practices and tools for documenting vimscript functions?
Use a file in ftplugin directory for multiple file types?
Change color of signs in SignColumn/Gutter
Why is this particular keystroke (shown inline) highlighted in VIM version 8.0 under Cygwin, and how to remove it?
VIM and Carrot L (^L)?
Function arguments + shell
Deleting 3 lines of code every 4
Show changes since buffer was opened
How to enter insert mode on the next line without creating a new line?
Installing or building vim with +python3 support for Python 3.7.x on linux
Context aware fzf command
Analog of mmm mode
How do I make Ctrl+Shift+C to work with xnoremap?
Why does not Vi buffer operation "n (double quote) work in Vim?
cmap macros not working as expected
Repeat last yank
Asterisk search does not find text with question marks
remap to a map calling getchar() internally
Change $HOME before it gets accessed
How to know which highlighting group is used for the background of a word?
How to navigate in auto completion menu, when arrows are disabled in .vimrc
Setting default gVim font via `vimrc`, conditional on the operating system
Close multiple quickfix windows
Expandtab converts spaces to newline character?
What's the simplest way of inlining a variable?
Unmapping the global mappings on a per-buffer basis
Make Vim stop highlighting certain underscores in my Markdown as errors
Numpad characters don't work in keybindings mappings (but work in general)
How to add nvim to launchpad in Ubuntu?
A vim plugin like FLOWSTATE
Why does second const VARNAME not have syntax highlighting?
Are there already a series of switches/commands/aliases to initiate vim and auto backup to new file when writing out
Disable filetype-specific `[`/`]` bindings like `[[` and `[m`
file name completion in .gitignore
display list of buffers `ls` without scrolling down
UltiSnips, Context and Tex
Repeat previous square bracket command
Configuration from Vim 7 (macOS) to Vim 8 (Ubuntu) results in errors
Can I open a file at an arbitrary line and column via the command line?
Vim can't search for dot
Making Numpad numerical keys work in Vim using Ubuntu 18's terminal
How to remap ö in .vimrc?
How can I make backup files start with a dot to make them hidden? (not just tilde)
Nvim can not detect focus change inside tmux sessions
In Vim 8.1, ":term ipython" gives a different version of IPython than typing "ipython" on an already open terminal
How to create or modify vim commands?
how to move to the end of a string / beginning of string for a macro
Where are the compile options documented with the actual switches?
How can I delete or ignore a test when compiling vim?
Grep on type with delay. Scripting / Looking for plugin
How do I make vim display virtual space at the bottom when opening a file?
Indenting a c file adds spaces before function's type?
Can I get a visual indicator when I drop a mark?
regex find and replace all with capture groups throws E488: Trailing characters
Can I use a different color for the selected match than for other matches
How to go to different matching entry in vim's help
Is it possible to make a specific section have a different syntax?
Vim rewrite whole file on save?
How can I delete lines fit a pattern to a register or a new file?
How to print a message after `autocmd` is done
Visual feedback after executing mapping
Copy/paste across terminals in nvim?
My C like Comments include markdown, can I have vim highlight those in my JavaScript (Node.js) code?
Not displaying ErrorMsg for long lines only with tex, md and calendar buffers
How do I configure the python location?
How to get rid of "Press ENTER or type command to continue"
Unable to install most recent gvim 8.1 on Ubuntu
command: how to avoid "Press ENTER or type command to continue"
Is there a C++ format plugin just like Visual Studio
Is it possible to see only defined code except else in vim on linux?
How to show "/foobar match 1 of " or "E486: Pattern not found: foobar" in commandline when calling `normal! n` in function
<localleader> not working in .tex files, but working for the other filetypes
ALE Linter is available but not enabled
What is the [0/0] that pops up in corner of tmux vim if I try to scroll up?
What is valid use case for `smartindent`?
Default Window to be 80 characters wide?
how to set shortcut for CtrlPBuffer, just like ctrl-p for CtrlP
Can not use mouse to switch window and resize window on Windows with cmder
How to scroll two vertical splits at the same time?
How to limit a key binding to a single key
Repeat Emmet commands in vim with dot operator
Terminal Vim displaying unknown character at the bottom
Pattern to match the label of a JavaScript object field when the colon is not followed by another colon or an equal sign
How to add a space or a string into the substitute expression?
Prevent a window from resizing
Always open terminal window at the bottom
Background color not transparent under current line number
Why is Vim's Python version compiled in?
Using %:p when path has space in it
open multiple oldfiles
How to make vim open two windows when opening a directory or file with netrw?
Using marks in NERDTree?
2-pane layout on vim for writing (with narrowing fuction, goyo, and outlining)
Incremental Highlighting Colorscheme Override
Is there a way to stay in the command line window after executing a line?
Opening up most recent file automatically when vim is started without command line arguments
Replace tabs with appropriate number of spaces
inoremap inserts unwanted tabs
ConqueGDB vim plugin doesn't respond
How can I edit multiple lines with a specific pattern?
How do I delete the end-of-line to the right of my cursor?
Autocmd for hard wrap and going back to the previous position!
fake a filename for filetype detection when reading from stdin
How to make netrw start with dotfiles hidden?
Mappings with counts at the end without using loops?
how to control the :bp / :bn files I loop?
Why doesn't the + regular expression quantifier (one or more) work when searching?
gVim - Use different fonts using :highlight
Looking to substitute roman numbers
Identifying the PID of Vim 8.1 internal terminal launched with :terminal ++close
Weird extra text after my file name in nerdtree {language}
What is fileencoding of .vimrc?
install / repair help system
why are the results of the pwd command and the getcwd() function the same in vim？
How to write to a temproary buffer in a plugin
How to visually select based on indentation?
Displaying specific text only in the airline of a given window
Applying full auto-format to comments but not code
Retrieving results from variations of system('top') returns errors
How to edit multiple files with same scriptin/scriptout using vim
How to search and replace this using vim and regex?
Cursor position after pasting
vim command Termdebug doesn't show source code
Find duplicate entries in two different lists
In PHP files, how can I auto close HTML tag pairs and indent the new line?
Enable syntax highlighting in vim using colorschemes?
How to get the same message and error behavior as normal `n` when calling `normal n` in function
Have a buffer show a "state mark"
Why do I suddenly receive "Error detected while processing function <SNR>30_Highlight_Matching_Pair"?
Exiting and entering insert mode again with key-binding
Terminal-mode not working with Ctrl-W
How to Close Preview When Exiting Denite?
Is there a way to customize the characters used in fold column?
Can I define something in .vimrc to speed up pasting of large amounts of data?
Vim registers fast pasting with :reg view
scroll while writing a substitution
Vim: Foldtext contain all content, instead of only the first line
How to detect running in intellij in vimrc?
custom syntax hilighting lost on single LaTeX file
Vim RegEx question: how to detect headings of markdown(.md) i.e. lines composed of '-' or '='
Find and replace in XML file in vi
Configure Denite to Open File in New Window
Syntax Highlighting a region inside the start match of another region
function: sort output alphabetically
Getting Python support for gVim 8.1 (Windows 10)
Display the first line of some file instead of an identifier
function to search for a pattern
vim argument substitution inside a function
Using submatches inside and outside of system() call
What is the meaning of 'g'?
Vim using wrong executable and site packages in Python venv
FzfTags looks in incorrect folder when tags file is in .git folder
How to show tabs normally when 'set list'?
To encode trailing space with something like {U+0020}
Why does xnoremap mapping make visual selection slow?
Fuzzy / smart / intellisense completion in input mode
Retrieving failed fugitive commit message
Replace text in status line flags
Edit colorscheme to tell me which search result my cursor is currently on
Highlighting tabs, trailing space and non-breaking space by colors, not chars
How to use variables?
Auto-Deleting Swaps, Backups and Undos while Quitting vim?
Move to first word of paragraph in vim with { and }
Why does this autocommand works on neovim but not on vim?
Exclamation mark after autocommands
Maintain concealed text in quickfix buffer
Preventing autocmds from being redundantly repeated
Add conceal in function
How to stop vim from automatically displaying latex formatting?
How to load vim-javascript using Vim 8 native package manager?
May I have a Vim session report its "Mode" in its "Window Title"?
Automatic wraping to new line?
Change Vim command :terminal so instead of CMD there will open Bash terminal
Stop Vim from deleting trailing whitespace
May I let `titlestring` tell whether I am in command-line mode?
Keep cursor position while removing control characters
Blockwise pasting from "+ register not working
How to view tabs as conventional whitespace, not as control character ^I (caret I) in VIm?
Vim syntax line matching mechanism
Vim doesn't extend Roxygen R comments
Can vim handle unicode line and paragraph separators?
How to get PageUp and PageDown to return to the exact same character?
How to match each occurrence per line?
How to properly organize persistence of the vim state of all opened buffers?
Ignore acronyms as spelling errors in TeX files
Add whitespace conditionally, based on flags
How to output the result of a command like :scriptnames in a buffer
Why does colon in shell command read the wrong file?
vi -u doesn't seem to work?
Substitute tabs for equivalent number of spaces
\<C-v> character in vim
Ignore lines in errorformat
My gVim (8.1, Win10) does NOT invoke $VIM\_vimrc during initialization
substitute lines in a function
Vim disables syntax highlighting after execution `autocmd BufAdd * exe 'buffer ' . expand('<abuf>')`
How to customize cursor jump location for fzf's commands?
vim w0rp/ale plugin stops working out of the blue
Show / hide horizontal scrollbar depending on "wrap" option
vim-latex compilation and viewing
jobstart callback wont assign variable outside of function
Loading UTF keymap file
How to insert at start or in the middle of gn text object?
Vim not setting correct file type for jinja files
Call function with count after performing some normal! level tasks
"--INSERT--" doesn't go away with a remapped escape key
How can I change delay between bells?
Reuse value in snippet
Is there a way to delete (trim) some jumplist items?
Some of the icons from Devicons not rendering properly
How does (neo)vim set $PATH for system(['command'])
Paste mode sometimes inserting "<Paste>"
How do I control an external program from vim? The final end is to listen to audio and make a transcript in sync
How to use different colorscheme and syntax highlighting in vim?
How to bind command+s to save file on macOS?
How do I use 'cgn' for word under cursor?
Shell running inside vim windows
Exclude folder when searching files in working directory
How can I record a macro across multiple files
map <expr> <F2> Cannot Check Focus Pane
prepend word before every function argument
How to let a register contain exactly one ^M without an extra newline?
Vim 8 on Windows doesn't see plugins directory
bind mouse scroll up and down
Is there an fzf for finding an open tab?
vim looks different when i launch it via the terminal
How to close several windows with one mapping?
':norm dtxdty' works different than '0dtxdty', what's happening?
How to get the current word starting from the cursor?
Setting $XDG_CONFIG_HOME
Detecting whether colorscheme is available
How to have vnoremap call function once?
How to use fzf :Buffers/:Files commands from vim terminal buffer
Why buffer tab plugin not work with Neovim 0.4
How to set opfunc to a lambda function?
How to do a conditional key mapping dynamically?
Why does my function sometimes respect whitespace?
Select characters in Visual mode (works differently than Normal mode)
Basic and extended regular expression
Detect when at last character when character is multibyte
How do I configure my VI environment on Ubuntu 18.10?
BufRead autocmd error for "*.*" and E45
How to go up to previous command when in terminal mode in Vim 8?
autocmd for markdown textwidth=100 failing
How use a custom time value in `strftime()`
How to set group of tabs and 1 single terminal in Vim 8?
Load current buffer in another pane
Search only within a relevant context?
Can't make vimwiki honor setting passed via command line
Using an iTerm color scheme inside a Vim :terminal window
Editing file on remote host using scp not working
Command works in ex mode but not during init (call)
Mapping Buffer Movement
How can I make Vimscript check if the current line has a comment?
Where is the command list for the default keys?
Do operator ranges/movements/textobjects always overwrite the last visual selection? workaround?
Set cursor in quickfix on autocmd event
Ugly black thing when using :ls with colorscheme
try catch with :Rexplore
How to map key to command-line mode command
Get current visually selected text
tabs after pastetoggle instead of spaces
How can I reproduce a Linting Plugin Behavior
How to create a enum for command parameters for build integration
Pylint symbols and line numbering issue
how to add a word two lines above certain word in multiples places
Colorscheme not display correctly for vim on mac terminal
Remove transparency in VIM when terminal is transparent?
Vim open a certain size but return to terminal window size when closed
How do I get vim-gnome on Mac to enable copying to clipboard?
How to expand selection to containing block?
How to generate a string by concatenating another string with an environment variable
For VIM in visual selection mode, how can I simultaneously apply multiple macros via cli to the selection?
How to diagnose configuration---:w doesn't always work
ALE - how to configure warnings to appear in the command line?
Pressing CTRL-O twice is required to return to previous entry in jumplist
Add keywords to a highlight group
How do I get Vim (with TComment) to do proper block comments in OCaml?
Jump to bottom of block in Visual Block mode
How do I keep the spacevim search results window open after opening a file?
Run processes in shell while editing in Vim
Why will my set langmap in my vimrc not actually make the changes in Vim on macOS?
Incremental search: is it possible to push 'Esc` without scrolling back?
Read-only mode in Vim while using cscope?
How to create Preview window to display a string?
Stop vim-latex from autocompiling on save
Using different listchars in splits
Are there any commands aside from ZZ and ZQ that start with Z?
Creating a repeatable mapping in Vim
Why does terminal vim enter replace mode with my vimrc file?
Number in the beginning vs. number in the end
override /etc/vimrc.local
YCM is not working with .ycm_extra_conf nor compile_comands.json on Windows
How does Ctrl-I works?
Cannot map some key to Escape key in insert mode
Vim Airline no GitBranch name [doing echo fugitive#head() shows correct branch]
Weird characters when running :shell
How to show the left-hand side of insert mode mappings while invoking them in Neovim
Highlighting another syntax in a shell heredoc
How to use plugin provided value in statusline?
Replace all self-closing xml tags with open and close tags
Is there a way to describe a repeating pattern in substitution?
Latex-suite <alt-I> mapping
How to put a word into like as if in R (type over) mode?
Return <motion> character from Python function in <expr> mapping
Undo to a specific user defined point
Mapping space and backspace for "pager mode"
Any way to add an existing Vim environment to a tmux session?
How do I create the help system for Vim?
Insert filepath from FZF window in buffer
Highlight specific line numbers in the gutter
Copy text from one buffer to another using Vimscript
How to return control characters from a function?
How do I replace all occurances of a string with a large amount of text?
Using (neo)vim's regex to match up to but *excluding* a certain character?
How to test for :terminal support?
Sharing a copy register between vim on different machines?
How can I reindent/prettyify blocks of HTML code?
Search and replace only if following character is "x"
Why do functions in Vimscript require a "call" statement?
How to see the active mapping of hjkl
<Alt> to enter normal mode on Windows
vim -u ~/.vimrc gives error
Ctags function overload
Is there a conflict between `syntax enable` and custom keywords?
Understanding how "vi" finds its global configuration file
initialization .vim directory base contents
Mapping to insert comment at the end of a line
How to change color of the splits counter in a 'tabline'
How does VIM sets the $VIM environment variable?
How to match autocmd pattern for unique file
Why does MacVim crash on Zoom
EurKEY input moves characters in INSERT mode
How to make vim text bold?
How to make mapping for any mark
Silence errors from colorscheme, silent! and try/catch not working
Importing project-specific rc files in Neovim
Running previous run command that was run in normal mode using colon
Valid usecases for `=` macro register
gVim python continues to indent after function ends
Is it possible to simultaneously edit one file in two views?
maparg returns empty string, but the mapping is effective
Invalid syntax for a bash file called catalog
Enable syntax highlight between custom tags
Multiline errorformat
Neovim with split integrated terminal / REPL
Multi-line array variable in bash with filetype sh does not indent correctly
Last line on screen not showing state
Can mapleader be Ctrl or Shift?
Vim Syntax Highlighting for an Object's Method Call
Open new file while keeping the focus on the the current buffer
Syntax of keys on keyboard in documentation
Is there a Set datatype in VimScript?
Explain `infercase` option
How to execute selected lines in bash and print the output in the next line?
Why is `vim -E` always exiting with non-zero exit code when using here-doc?
If else statement vimrc for custom key mapping
Search for line, move to end of search string, then search+replace
How to get the current mode in vim?
Why is <C-S> not remappable?
How to execute commands in vim, piping the output back into the editor in real time?
remap esc key introduced remove behave
Could backtick-expansion be consistently used for autocompleting filenames within directory tree?
How to replace a string only if the line starts with another string
How to pass '\v\C[pattern]' into the built-in match() VimScript function
vim html version of text document black on white
Vim 6.4 broke after adding plugin file to runtimepath
vim change instances of same identifier after `ciw`
(Dynamical) quantifier in search and replace
Search and replace any number separated by : trailing with number or alphabet separated by . and / or - or _
How to keep the neovim terminal buffer in the buffer list even after it being hidden
creating a ":KeepCursor" command
How can I set Vim to switch to a buffer after I add it?
How to search for any repeating character, X number of times
Is it possible to have auto suggestion of schema names?
Cannot seem to copy paste - using gg > yG
Problem disabling autoclose when editing .tex files with vim-latex
How to hide terminal buffer without closing it?
How to subscribe event by using nvim_subscribe
How to go to before last character in a line?
How do I mark a word as rare?
Prevent abbreviations from echoing on the command line
How to turn on ale linter for specific files
vim line number digit group separator
how does t_AB and t_Sb option difference in vim?
nnoremap conflicts with i_CTRL-O
show non-leading tabs as ^I
How can I get the autocompletion databases on VIM using YouCompleteMe?
Why does vim work if command file is double clicked, but not from DOS?
Unmap "delete file" in Explore mode
How to change color of unselected tab?
Neovim spellcheck: all the words highlighted as misspelled
What is "!!" filter used for?
`nvi` use contents of register in ex command
How to write a vimscript to replace the word under cursor in i mode?
VIM conceal doesn't work
Conceal initially ignored
How to copy up to the cursor without including the charater under the cursor
UltiSnips not work all the time
Is there a way to tell what autocmds have run?
UltiSnips: snippets not expanding
Go to current cursor position when invoking command-line edit mode
Automatically save a file that has been previously saved
How to capture the name of a function on ultisnips plugin?
Run pdflatex in vim without a pop-up window
How to unravel wrapped text
Rearrange c++ const and reference specifiers
Search through entire vimwiki
Cannot map Ctrl+ number (except 6 or ^)
Vimdiff: Is there a way of knowing if there are differences in the diff files or not?
Cannot send `--` into tmux panes from vim
How to stop Vim changing color of the empty space on its own?
How to show all LaTeX code but still have set conceallevel=3 for vim-devicons and NERDTree?
Vimscript or macro to "rotate" column 20 (or n) vertically?
How to place signs over signcolumn manually according to vimdiff
define a text object as the boundary of two marks
Vim-Plug: Can't install plugins. Invalid plug directory
Fast moving with long lines when using set wrap
Indent text to beginning of line
How to match file pattern, with extension, not containing a specific word?
How to get vim on Windows to start quickly
How to map Alt key with M J K L U I O to make a numpad?
Is it possible to obtain status line strings?
Unable to get <M-Up> to work in insert mode
neovim key remap specific to terminal buffer
Highlighting screen positions, or `:set colorcolumn` only for the 2 bottom and top lines visible on the screen
Omni completion Pattern not found - Error loading rails environment
highlight link with condition file does not exist
Skip the quickfix list when buffer switching using :bn
How omit text between and including matching characters?
WORD movement across lines
Ctrlp and neovim
Turning off global plugin for a filetype
How to change default's colorscheme colours
Retrieve color scheme colors to use for other plugin setting
Is there a way to edit only part of a file?
Get the current mode in vimscript/Python
How to selectively turn specific highlight group on and off from vim session?
Automatic <C-g>u to break undo block?
How can I format a function declaration to force curly brace at the end of the line?
Jump to last position when using vim netrw to open a file
How to setup spelling for same words in different languages?
How to set if else for vim's "set background = " for light and dark colorschemes?
ctags works but not for tagbar
Quickfix go to next error of specific type
Vim and Gnome Clipboard indicator not working together
Why can't I use a literal Tab as the {commands} for :normal?
Vim opens an empty buffer when I try to open an existing file
How to source a part of a file
Trigger doesn't expand my keywords
In Vim, how to enable Meta in all keybindings?
Pass character-wise visual selection to an external command
Distinguish between the column number of cursor after and before the first character in a line
Is it good to use Auto-pairs plugin in Vim?
don't use scrolloff=5 for mouse clicks
Integrating autocomplete and snippets
Setting a list of tag files
Command to list all customizable color highlights
What's the difference between "qp and <c-r><c-r>q when you store a macro?
How to find all scripts which modified a certain vim setting?
softtabstop not working
How to ensure files are copied to VIMRUNTIMEDIR when building Vim 8.1 from source and specifying a prefix?
search replace for 1 line
Why :source! read linefeed as <c-j>?
How can I get a reading time estimate?
How not to use <Space> as a hit-enter key in command output pager
how to make buffer bar longer, show the names of more buffers
How to highlight unused Python imports in VIM
Ex command to put value of variable into terminal emulator?
Equivalent of emacs `winner-undo` and `winner-redo`
Color name or number not recognized: ctermbg
Are there any built-in functions to search sorted list?
Change the backspace behavior in neovim
Can you match unicode blocks by name in vim?
How to display all buffer names in tabline?
How to search in all registers
Delete whitespace before and after word
Modify Quickfix to ignore paths outside project
Automatically inserting predefined strings to terminal buffer
Are there any performance difference between :edit and :buffer on existing unchanged buffer?
How do I change the ":" symbol in the minibuffer?
Why does current/shell directory change depending whether drive-letter is used in filename?
Mapping (omap) to erase inside any of (), {}, [], <> or their embeddings
Show absolute and relative line numbers (not hybrid)
Is it possible to change the default terminal of Vim?
Creating a hidden buffer
Cut text with substitute into specific register & paste it back
Syntax highlighting - help me find the bug
Define a fold that can not be searched, and that isn't affected by other fold commands?
Unwanted extra indentation of multi-line statements
Is it possible to use newlines in a fold marker?
Differences between tick and quote as jump to mark
What's the simplest way to select the longest non blank vertical column in visual block wise mode?
VIM Macro to delete all Perl POD?
Auto-read .egg zip archive
Can you run a regex on a register or the clipboard contents?
Is there a way to load the contents a macro I recorded the next time I open vim?
Is it possible to call searchpair or searchpairpos on string instead of current buffer?
paste doesn't work in visual mode with `clipboard+=unnamed`
Match indentation upon newline without replacing spaces with tabs or vice versa
How to copy and paste arguments into function parenthesis?
Latest Vim on Cygwin
past yanked content in rectangular selection
Vim Statusline colors not appearing
reset sequence of numbers
Switch order of three "words"
custom fold expression to fold functions
remap "undo key" to no op
Detect existing key binding before creating one
vimrc and finding errors in latex document
Using a login shell only for the :term command
Vim split screen opens blank split
How to write on multiple places at once
Why cannot I make Vim (not gVim) fullscreen?
How can I search for Unicode characters by hex code in very magic regexes in vimscript?
Send current vim line to seperate tmux pane and move cursor down
Disable E303 warning when swap directory isn't writeable
How do I fix <DEL> behavior on macOS in VIM 8.1?
Why does backslash-escaping a CJK character cause a very-magic regex match to fail?
How can I get swap files for new/unsaved files/code in empty buffers? Any way to recover unsaved files?
Open all but one buffer in a separate tab
How to replace a word with spaces
Ctrl-] matching single word in custom tags
How to view document as right-aligned without modifying it
Change background color of git conflict marker sections
Where could I find documentation of python/dyn or python3/dyn?
How to use visual mode in python/dyn?
How do I make vim's terminal use my emulator's cursor shape?
Echoing a message when grep has no result
syntastic plugin files getting sourced twice
Run commands before and after a buffer is externally changed
How to check if a string is a substring of another string
How to get all distinct words within a set of lines?
In Vim ex mode how to re-use a string from the default buffer in the command
Execute a file from nerdTree
Change/Set color to a string in statusline
NeoVim: Single-Line Comments Also Format the Next Line
Split same file into multiple windows "extending" each other
NERDTreeMenu Remapping
Is There a Way to Make Vim Provide an Error Message Whenever it Beeps?
When does the file depending plugin kicks in?
How to clear multi lines in command zone
visual line mode is ended by inner block motion
Cycle through autocomplete menu using tab
How can I make Vim not use the entire screen for spelling suggestions?
ftplugin script not loading
Why does renaming with :saveas not open the new named file in the current buffer?
How to omit dictionary source file in dictionary completion
substituting /* in vimscript
Generating automated bullets and numbered lists with markdown
Vpslit - open on the right side of session instead of left?
Reliably get the character at a byte index in a string
Possible to save session state with 3 seperate files loaded in one session?
Changing < to " but leave << alone in Vim
E73: tag stack empty while creating a map<leader>
Change the behavior of CTRL-X submode key bindings
How can I emulate :shell command in Neovim?
On Windows some symbols are not displayed
Is it possible to disable the "nowrap" option on pymode?
How does deleting words with `d[number]w` work?
marks between windows
how to close a single window by mentioning filename opened in that window
How to paste the clipboard selection when it was populated with a yank in Vim started from the st terminal?
text object for highlighted text
Show time after saving a file
How can I Install vim plugin offline?
moving through the doc, caret staying centered
Custom string colors in statusline
How can I close the quickfix window and go back to the file I was editing
what does "\033]110\007\033]111\007" mean
What does "No lines in buffer" mean when editing via scp?
Why is the underscore command _ useful?
VimEnter autocmd to change cursor shape sometimes outputs escape sequences
How to change string at specific byte index nicely?
how could I enable vim clipboard with sudo and x11 installed
How to search in beginning of line and add something at end of that line
Cannot remove spelling error highlight from lowercase "vim"
Can capture groups be used like perl?
How to create new operator by using existing operator with current motion?
get exit status from system() call
Difference between searching and substituting pattern matching
Substituting (*x).y with x->y
File is not folding when opened
Possible to set `foldexpr` using a function reference?
How to use filename expansion in a mapping
How can I get vim to type continuously, rather than holding in place for keymappings?
How to indent HTML5 with omitted closing tags properly?
How to make vim spell error search the current line only?
Replace a string with a variable containing newline characters
How to pin a file to a window(/viewport)
Moving to first letter in a line
How to make a newline without autoindent
unable to setup persistent undo history in Vim
How to make comma and semi-colon direction-insensitive of the latest f,F,t,T command
How to open same file in multiple window but with changes present only in one window?
How can I focus on one vimsplit fullscreen?
'filetype plugin indent on' breaks indention
How to paste several lines to a new buffer without extra empty line?
tabstop doesnt work by default in python files
Problem with conditional mapping <expr>
Can I script VIM to process a list of diffs?
Where is the documentation for this ex command?
How do I open a tag in an existing gvim instance?
Folding for git merge candidates is (at least to me) backwards
UltiSnips not working with VimWiki
markdown html-element syntax highlighting fails when line has leading spaces
How can I run a specific vimrc file after running the default one?
Trigger autocommand on error?
Write buffer to command and append stdout back to same buffer
Does explicit setting of $MYVIMRC imply its execution as private vimrc?
How to remap repeating commands i.e. <number><command>?
Enable line numbering for directories
Pattern not found: lastlevel = -1
What's the difference between autocmd {cmd} and autocmd! {cmd}
Using ! (filter command) just to see the terminal behind vim
Replacement in visual mode
Make <Esc> close completion menu and cancel selection, without side effects
search one word containing # with *
`vimdiff` nor `nvim -d` are working as an external diff tool for git
How to copy file and line info from vim to gdb?
how could I use gvim through ssh two hops
What is this gibberish text showing in my command-line and how do I remove it?
What's wrong with "terminal cd ." in vim 8.1?
How to access any given vim plugin documentation?
How to use vim as an error checker?
Different versions of vimrc being read
word boundaries in abolish
Vim Jedi Work for Python2 Functions but Not Python3 Functions
Vim shows error when running python3
Vi shortcut to execute line under cursor as a command
How would one change the spell-checking style while preserving highlight color?
How could I explore the files when using netrw to edit remote files
Is there a way to split a word by characters?
Why is network latency becomes too long when edit in the sshfs mounted files
How to read a from a file while executing code
Why does `:m+1` not move two lines down when `:m-2` moves one line up?
Vi: * and + registers do not exist
Use combining characters in concealment character
tab trigger not working for ultisnips
Terminal transparency automatically achieved on certain color schemes, but not others
Can I record a macro that accepts the first spelling suggestion?
restrict shell command to only part of a line
How do I replace '\\' with '\'?
Debugging foldexpr function
Replace netrw window when opening a file
How can I log debug messages without blocking?
How to compile startuptime for ver 8?
autocmd for the event: "the first time a buffer is entered"
imap <space> to _ (underscore) when writing function names in python files
vim python syntax not working (Partly)
Backspace + keypress adds a character of a different language in neovim with neomutt on my mac
Changing how the quickfix list displays matches
ColorScheme Not Working-Just Blue Color (Spacevim)
How can I remap the arrow buttons in insert mode when Pencil is enabled
use pipe symbol in vim :term command
regular expression to find lines containing multiple specific words or patterns in any arbitrary order
Why are helptags not shipped with plugins?
How to stop a function when <esc> is pressed? OR how to catch a <esc> signal in vimscript?
why doesn't this autocmd take effect for neovim?
Single key/keyword to invoke code formatter across all extensions?
use J to join comments
Always move cursor to top of gitcommit buffer
Can I pipe vim spelling suggestions to an external program?
/usr/share/vim/vimrc taking precedence over ~/.vimrc for textwidth
How to make vim theme looks exactly as on screenshot
ctrl-n - should not insert text
How do I map a sequence of letters in insert mode?
How to copy lines with line numbers?
Multiline paste with relative columns alignment
Why doesn't this `:execute` command work?
How can I tell vim to ignore spelling errors inside quotes?
Regex to remove newline; works in one vim instance, but not another
How do you remap keys in :history or :highlight?
How to get matchit to work
Cursor in middle of the screen at start and end of file
Increase numbers by one in a visual block
How to use register in a script without side effect?
Repeating mapped text in insert mode
Whitespace Tabs Show Differently in gVim on Windows/Linux versus MacVim on Mac OS
How to edit the highlighting of the function names in c++ syntax
Hide foldcolumn when no folds?
Don’t start in insert mode when opening a shell script
Move selected text to the right
Dispatch plugin gives no output
Vimscript infinite loop
Documentation for python
What does c^n in vim do?
Check nerd tree is open function
Are CTRL+C and <esc> the same?
How to create a function to `hash` buffer content
How to replace the first matching for each line with regular expression
Find location of matched pattern
Visual Block Mode edit with sequential number
Is there a particular name for when you pre-set a bunch of registers used for a specific task at hand?
Vim does not spellcheck the content of <title> element in my DocBook files
Substituting without jumping
lines numbering and formatting
How to handle multiple directories in vim?
How do I use a previous word in my snippet?
blue warning suppression, zip folder
vim disable behavior special tags (eg script)
How to prevent certain files from being sourced
Python semantic linting
Quick paste via single keybind
vim FIGlet question: "-w76--" after every output
Vim and Spanish
Finding Markdown image tags with regular expressions (E486)
Evim: Typing to delete and replace selected text instead reformats the current line if the letter typed is Q (vim-gtk, debian)
Is it possible to get the line and column numbers of the corners of a visual block mode selection in Vimscript?
Running a command after makeprg successfully runs
Is it possible to perform a visual block selection programmatically using line and column numbers?
can not make this regex pattern work in "very magic" mode
Mapping to have completion attempt one mode and fall back to another if no completions found
Windows context menu "open with vim" symlink error
Automatically highlight all occurrences of the selected text in visual mode
Plugin to show enclosing indentation levels
Is it possible to yank a column of text in vim without visual block mode?
Visual block mode insert/append not working in vim on RHEL/CentOS?
How to pass a string as stdin to a job?
How can I disable spellcapcheck for the first line of a FileType?
Is there a way to determine whether the current / last visual block selection is non-rectangular?
How to get rid of inline linting errors?
Vim "Follows" Hard links
Trouble with netrw ftp protocol, file won’t save
help {subject} path precedence
What is the correct character for splitting a string on line breaks in Vimscript?
How can I make 'lnext' run 'lfirst' if it needs to be?
How to efficiently use the paste registers?
Installing gvim on Windows Subsystem for Linux
vim 8.1 send_termkeys problem
Vim Jedi Plugin -- Add .sage filetype
Remove costum commands from vim-spell
Keep `scroll` equal to current window height
startinsert mode starts with NSERT -- at top
has('mac') returns 0, but I'm on a mac?
Command to copy from current window and paste the text into terminal buffer
Why doesn't it find the correct item?
substitute short by long command forms from history on VimLeavePre
Vimwiki - Enter key not working on windows 10
Where can I find color settings used by Vim and NeoVim?
How do I move to the beginning of a visual block from a vimscript function?
How do I properly set up airline and powerline fonts with gvim?
Is it possible to obtain the key that triggered a function to be called if there was one?
Is it possible to perform the original action of a mapped key without knowing the key a priori?
Search for line and paste as column until next match
How can I specify "split or move" logic for <C-W><C-L> and similar move commands?
Selecting code chunk in Rmarkdown
Why am I getting vim error E576? (Vim 8.1, Windows 10)
How to set tabs in vimrc (Vim 8.1, Windows 10)
Alert sound when using <C-L> etc. mappings
How do I make the current tab's windows equal width but leave their heights?
Vim+Tmux: How to switch between Tmux Windows and Vim Tab Pages Seamlessly using the Alt Key?
mapping <leader>; and <leader>, to ; and , respectively
Get correct indentation when entering insert mode
List files if there are too many of them
How do I pick a line and write it to an external file?
Custom Number Format for CTRL+A
Why is this appearing to select wrong number of lines?
Remove empty lines from a file
Can I select and paste with a single operation?
How can I make Vim NOT remove lines below with Ctrl and Left Arrow?
How to format with `gq` using the same settings as when editing the text
Show mappings for all function keys
Do I need to be a fast typer/power user to start using Vim?
My cursor is changed after "df"
How to vertically-block-select words of different length?
Disabling syntax and maintaining colorscheme [flickering problem]
Using a special key in function
vimrc for ale is creating confusion: is my augroup wrong?
How do I check whether a given directory exists?
How to wrap a command which can handle a text object?
How does vim receive f1-f4?
ctags for django templates
What is the purpose of user `command` in Vi/Vim?
Vim 8 terminal change width
Live search in temporary buffer
How to stylize text between backticks ( ` ) to match text style between single/double quotes ( ' | " )?
How can I remove the word "tabs" at the beginning of the tabbar in airline-vim?
Folder jumping in netrw
How to load a template file if new file is starting?
How to make insert mode mapping count as multiple undos?
Execute command only for specified filetype
Jumping to prototype or definition of a function using tags
Insert external file and modify each line from script
Can EXINIT contain more than one command?
How to copy paste from a vim split text to terminal
How to have getcwd() give path with ~ in place of home folder?
Alternate vim mapping
Easier way to create alternate-file?
Cycle between filenames
How to find a executable file inside a folder?
Autocompletion filenames with prefix in variable
Print Command Without Hitting Enter
Remove ^H from gvim
Why do the color schemes in Vim use fewer colors?
Apply terminal colors in gui?
Find the function name associated with a number
context for multiple snippets
How can I add a count of all columns on every line to the statusline in Vim?
Different behavior when selecting quote blocks vs. selecting parentheses blocks
Neovim-Qt: environment variable TERM not set
Why does vim call powershell surrounded by two single quotes?
How to use variables in a user defined command?
What alternative to capture groups should I use in VimScript?
Copy entire line and paste it after another line
Keep next letter in replace mode?
Best way to avoid clobbering other vim plugins with global commands
Is there a better way to diff from a patch?
vimscript to search recursively in parents directory for the existence of a file?
Find and highlight current file in netrw
How to get insert mode map to work regardless of completion popup?
Fade Rows Far From Center
Highlight tag matches for better visibility
How to source vim-scripts on Windows?
Move cursor to old position after scrolling
How to pass v:register to custom operator when working on custom text object?
Are there function equivalent to vim shortcuts?
custom snippet extender Ultisnips
How to indent or unindent lines in a block of text?
enter inside curly braces does not indent
Problems installing Vundle in fresh install of Vim
Change saved session's working directory
how to have a new line from within brackets
What's the functional difference between the key notations "\<xxx>" and '<xxx>'?
How does vim decide if a file is "readonly"?
localleader is not obeyed
Add surrounding quotes no leading whitespace
Spell Check Not Working Using Vimtex?
How to start insert-mode completion from select mode using Vimscript?
How to disable margin (+/!)?
Is there a way to enter command line mode for a single command directly from insert mode?
Simple .vimrc takes a very long time to save
How to get the right indentation and new line when adding a new line between brackets?
Go to next quickfix entry, removing current?
How to use setqflist to add an entry to the quickfix list
Delete word around cursor and move to insert mode
Does NeoVim really need plugins in 2019?
How can I still see underscores with cursorline?
Is there an `edefault` in the spirit of `gdefault` for setting the appropriate flags in vim's substitution commands?
Alarm for inactivity
How to resize default NerdTree width?
Line mode command to delete from column X to end of line?
Are the contents of highlighted content saved to a register
Is it possible to run a script on a register content and send its output to another register on Vim?
Remap delete key on mac osx to 'insert then backspace'
Lexplore and split windows
Next tab completion item
CVE-2019-12735 question
Is it possible to read a shell command's output from nvi's command line?
Repeat last normal command
How to flush job output in vim8?
How to assign a Python list to a vim variable and escape its strings correctly
On startup: ImportError: No module named ropevim
`.vimrc` unsuccessful in setting highlight style
Can I specify '-o' as the default for vi in my vimrc?
Yank both sides of equation
folding code and moving along?
"map"pings in syntax files shows on startup
Mapping Ctrl + mouse click
Using mouse to navigate to type using YouCompleteMe plugin
vim - how do I cut some lines of file-1 to file-2 in 1 step?
vi background color wrong on Windows 10 1903 WSL Terminal
Using different character(s) as linebreak
How can I make $ in LaTeX insert \( and \) automatically?
Apply templates when new file created
Make vim support the Windows clipboard
Inserting a square bracket as part of search and replace
Auto replace special programming characters
Adding directory (header and source) to autocompletition search
Can I use syntax highlighting on an unwritten buffer?
Trouble mapping <control-pipe> in new keybinds
Abbreviations: Count backslash as part of the word
Exclude files from vimgrep by using bash file name expansion?
Changing PYTHONPATH from inside VIM
Break visual line without hard breaking line
How can I hide *.extension~ files by using auto hide plugin?
Automatically saving on FocusLost sometimes stops working for a gvim window
Run vimscript function only once although v:count1 > 1
Automate breaking of history in insert mode
Regex match inside XML container
Word wrap when printing a file with hardcopy
How to set LaTeX syntax to "ConTeXt" in vimrc
How show underlying container for vim, ie xterm etc
Write several files all of which have been changed since read
head isn't included in syntax/sh.vim
Is there a simple way to navigate a generated file that includes # line preprocessor directives?
Return cursor to an initial position after pasting text from a function
Colorscheme Errors (E185) with vimrc and sessions
How to pass everything from a command into a function with escaped characters
Prevent "Pattern not found" error in autocompletition (i_Ctrl-N)
How to update vim on centos7?
How to run Vim Diff without enter in interctive mode?
Autofix a single line in ALE
Run project specific _vimrc in windows?
Ultisnips Sinppets in current scope on blank line
shared vimrc on two machines; only run command for one of them
Entering visual mode is selecting whole lines unexpectedly
Switch pyflakes linter from python2 to python3 in ALE
unable to copy to system clipboard with +clipboard and +xterm_clipboard in vimx
Add a line after 1 line after match in Ex mode
Is it possible to do consecutive vimgrep searches to refine and filter results?
abbrev for multiwords
copy or yank from line x until line y
How do I get the text that is chosen by some motion?
Float YCM completion candidate list to make more of entry previews visible?
Vim what the :c command do?
Cycle between modes in fzf.vim
How to move a cursor to the last line with auto indent?
Option doesn't happen when opening vimrc?
How to prevent vim from highlighting random words and types
How do I delete a block a text using the mouse cursor?
Review: git branch in statusline
Vim has started adding commas unnecessary places
Replace from the current position to the end of the line
How to send messages from terminal to Vim using the JSON API?
Allow pasting into all modes, not just insert
vim and enhancedcommentify weird behavior for C
Backspace functionality in normal mode
Vimtex conceal doesn't recognize new command math environment
Number column in Tlist window
Why does vim still auto-indent LaTeX after I set noai noci nosi?
How to treat underscores as whitespace when skipping to the next word?
How can I trigger the autocmd FileType commands for all buffers?
Linking a filetype to a syntax file of a different name
Pasting non-text data (image) from system clipboard
How to go halfway into a line? Percentage navigation within a line
Pressing Shift-Backspace in insert mode types '^?' instead of backspacing
send <cr> to ipython in :term
Save :Man window in session
! is required but not allowed for custom command
Temporary normal mode doesn't wait for the command
My vim can't print Chinese right on my mac?
Adjusting pdflatex settings
Update external file based on VIM mode
Is there a keybinding that allows to scroll through the status line?
Syntax highlighting region messed up by matching parentheses
When openning netrw in split view, the opened buffer I'm still editing clears when I click a line number
How to recover file overwritten by vim
Find project root relative to the active buffer
Reload vim autocmd Filetype
Cancel command line completion insert
Add buffer space on line wraps
How to use the result of a function in a Vim keymap?
How to make two windows equally high?
NERDTree maximize on enter
Format / Indent c++ as you type inside expressions
How do I map multiple replace commands in visual mode
Where can I find good indentation file for lex filetype?
Autocompletion plugin for c/c++ with specific header path?
di in vim/fortran
Gvim - Change window position horizontally
Adding directories to Lua’s search path
Job continuously outputting to Vim buffer
Maps literally read < and > instead of the actual character
:cnext / :cprevious without jumping to location
How to enter normal mode while in terminal buffer?
VIM command to insert multiline text with argument
Jump back to the position I started a search
Seach and replace with special characters
Align a block of code on the basis of a single character
Is it possible to use vim-fugitive outside of the repository (in local mounted directory)
How to have the cursor at the right indentation when editing PHP/HTML
How to fix Leader Key Beep in Vim?
Jump to where insert mode was entered?
Add line numbers and remove line numbers to selected lines
How to change word under cursor to upper case in command mode with shortcut?
Don't jump on search and replace
How to set internal vim variable from python code
How to pass function return value to make command in VIM
How to end selection at an occurrence of a word?
Pipe native command to vsplit
How to run a substitute command on only a certain part of the line
How to disable Ale if PAGER mode is enabled
Mapping using <Esc> writes "<Esc>" in insert mode rather than switching to normal mode
Increment the number at the end of variable
How to follow the output of a command in a terminal window
Mapping between Vim syntax highlighting and Emacs font-lock
vim-LanguageTool and vim-grammarous not working
How can I alias a command with arguments?
ALE + clangtidy + large file = big delay when linting
How to repeat the last : command for a visual selection instead of whole buffer?
How to get dynamic hex format variable width with leading zeros?
Vim bell limited to once per half a second
Why set ft is not working?
What does "one file for each filtype" mean in :h new-filetype
How to conceal zerowidth special characters like <U200C>
Vim syntax match changes based on function type name keyword
Hide terminal buffer from buffer list
Getting an RGB color from highlight group
remove extra (^@) from visual selection
How can I stop Vim from inserting keypresses into the document unless the document is visible?
How to add a [count] to a binding
Shuffle multiline folds
How to make vim syntax files look nice?
How would one remap >> and << to in/decrease the level of headings in org/dotoo files?
How to paste yanked text over visual selection?
How to externally trigger [neo]vim to reload an edited file?
Error detected while processing ~/.vim/bundle/python-mode/autoload/pymode/lint.vim
Jump *to* end of paragraph?
How to identify the last DiffUpdated event?
Remove spacing column begin line
How to keep vim running after kick off an application?
How to auto-replace words, such as acronyms, while typing?
fzf vim - when configured to display filenames of matched items, how to filter on just content and not the file names
How do I configure the parameters that ALE sends to prettier for ruby?
How to copy long line from terminal buffer as it is without adding new lines?
How to delete a line from a variable?
How to escape forward slashes?
file search with :e
Search/replace multiple lines with confirmation
How to map number keys within motions typed during the operator-pending mode?
how to load vim8 optional packages in vimrc?
Is there a quicker way to go from the cmd window to normal mode?
How add new date formats to work in 'tpope/vim-speeddating' vim plugin?
How do I setup Mypy with Neomake
sort json content in terraform file
is it possible to map numpad differently?
How do I disable a a key in Tagbar
How to enable “on-the-fly” autocompletion?
Vim 8.1 on Windows 10 Won't Detect Packages in $HOME
Different syntax highlighting in the same file for different languages
Replace the regex search term with the new character along with the regex term
How can I merge two dictionaries in Vim?
What is the #{} syntax in Vim?
Write text under the cursor to new file and delete it form current file
Is it possible to `lmap` a key to multiple characters?
How to get line numbers of a different window
Quickfix mode with path transformation
Add comment to file while opening (C)
How to get tpope/vim-rails gf command to work with SpaceVim
What's the deal with the Vi/Vim in Ubuntu 18.04/19.04?
Match <Esc> only for the ESC key, not escape sequences
How to avoid dialog box when using echo in vimrc/gvimrc file?
Using visual selection or register for search and replace
Vimwiki open specific diary on vim startup with bash alias
Vim error detected
Correct way to setup python version for coc
Insert text in the middle of a string vimscript
Cannot sort my bash functions correctly
Powerline font not working with airline in (g)vim on Windows 10
How to open one file as "read only" but the others as writable using command line?
how can i remap <C-w>{number}h to <C-w>{number}j
Get neomake to recognize python and gcc location
Remapping motion keys
"Press ENTER or type command to continue" -writing second command returns to the editor mode
Can I mark some piece of text as bold?
Go to last file in vim
Is it possible to use a reverse range in global search
getting vim to autocomplete python methods
gvim adds one extra pixel spacing after each character?
How to get this tab/autocompletion setup?
Is there a way to make some modeline that applies to all files in a directory, recursively?
regex that requires that two matches have the same length
Enable Expr Folding in Markdown
how to map # to , (when , is my leader) while using vim-sneak
How to move airline status bar to the bottom of the editor?
Vim go into insert mode when as a macro starts
Get file name and directory in .vimrc file
Is there a function for blockwise visual selection in Vimcript?
visual block copying didn't work
fun with symlink and buffers
Make airline spread across two lines
matchparen made a wrong match on angle brackets
Configure formatting to indent all lines of a numbered list (enum-list)?
Find the location of a directory at runtime to provide a default directory
How do I remap result navigation buttons after a search?
Find and replace only between searched patterns
How can I look up the current/default guifont reliably?
Inserting text with the Python interface
Make vim remember the fileformat of a buffer
How to set printexpr on MacVim persistently?
Mapping breaks built-in Vim command?
Use the PYLS python LSP with ALE on Neovim
Non ascii characters to similar ascii characters at Vim
Is it possible to supply arguments to inoremap?
Vim is executing commands that were part of a function definition
Pasting modified register contents into Visual Block selection
Can a vim session use environment variables to specify the path to a file it opens?
In Vim how to keep markers per session?
I am running into problems while using Gpush command from vim-fugitive plugin
Create a netrw window in each new tab created
How to manually install pangloss JavaScript plugin?
Is there any way to execute ex command without adding it to the command history?
Using NerdCommenter to comment/uncomment blocks with old-style C comments
Open split window at far left
What setting causes my autoindent to add indent on a new line?
Syntax-highlighting is getting screwed when loading long markdown files on Windows
How to cut off user input and continue with script after a certain number of characters are entered?
Regex to change align into equation
How do I remap "å" to type "å"?
Pressing <Alt-3> (left alt key) suddenly maps to Esc (and not the character "#") using iTerm2
Random characters appear in my buffer but they are not part of the current file
mapping to open existing file in a split window, creates a blank last line, then enters insert mode
Prevent "Press ENTER or type command to continue" prompt after external command executes
How to get the names of all open buffers?
Register CursorMoved on certain key press and disable when move to new line
Artificial indenting with shift+insert
:GhostInstall does not work
Helptags gives: E488: Trailing characters
How to show completion menu when typing EX-command?
Using <alt> as alternative to <esc> doesn't work when popup menus are open
Record all line-number fold-levels and restore fold-states (despite fold-level change)
format sparse json files for legibility
Override indentation settings with autocmd
What control character is ^\ in the buffer in a file open in vim?
Moving the cursor a large number of times in a nnoremap
Support of the -x option
Vim-plugin error which goes away when using sudo
Increment the Nth number in the line
How to get the current cmd line of (neo)vim?
Vim terminal: How to split below by default?
Reduce size of undo file
How to load files as a quickfix window at start-up
tabstop, softtabstop, shiftwidth - confused
Close one file during manipulate multiple files with vim
How to set the language for the user interface using vimscript?
