Dividing a board of chipboard
Making safe cuts: Sliding miter saw vs Radial-arm saw
Building a safer blade guard on a table saw sled
How to calculate dust collection horse power per feed and bends
How to lower large equipment down the basement stairs
How can I fix warping on board made of glued 2x4s
How do I know when it is too cold to work outside?
Joining an irregular, detachable modesty panel together and to an irregular shaped desk
How is it possible to let wood reach equilibrium moisture content?
How to store equipment no longer being used
Joining acrylic and dowel with nut and bolt?
self leveling compound for my box
What's the name of this tool/bit with a triangular tip?
I polyed my paintbrush then procrastination left me in a predicament
How should I cut a sheet of plywood for easy re-joining?
Reduce diameter of a dowel (preferably efficiently)?
Is it better to let the tool run or stop in-between cuts?
Plastic wrap finished furniture piece for long term storage?
Shrunk drawer bottom
Wood with good thermal insulation
How are vacuum hose sizes measured?
How to make dish drainer board from plywood shelf
Best way to apply stain
Can I put wheels on a bunk bed?
What are these blemishes called and how do I avoid them?
Creating a speaker stand using only joins
Can I use a grommet(eyelet) in OSB sheet as structural element? Which size?
What oil/stain/finish to use on a cedar spoon?
Can I use OSB in place of timber as structural element
What is this brace bit cutter tool exactly and how is it used?
Are active charcoal air filters effective against finishing fumes?
How to start a cut when using router templates
What drove the design for the traditional tang?
What top surface approach is best for a router plate in a custom cabinet?
Strength of 1 1/2" by 1 1/2" Douglas fir
How to mount a router plate in a cabinet top?
Structural engineering with wood: determining post size, span, etc, for a timber frame house
How can I preserve wooden sculptures indoors?
What are advantages of hide glue and when should I use it?
DIY woodshop cabinets
Mounting the top for a new workbench
One day projects for wood working fundamentals
How do you prevent screws or other metal from falling in the hole on your router table?
Flip-Cart for Wood Planer - Best Hardware and Construction
Is there a collection of good reference signage for saw blade types?
Removing silicone lubricant spray from painted timber finished with water-based paint
What is the appropriate wood glue for outdoor wood furniture?
How to flatten 1/8" Baltic Birch Plywood for laser cutting?
How can I tell if wood turning (lathe) chisels are sharp?
How do you use "v-nails" on picture frames?
How do I make a drill hole the same depth every time?
A good way to store wood "outside"?
What alternatives are there to throwing sawdust in the trash?
What are the limitations of a pocket hole jig?
How-to disassemble a pallet for up-cycle pallet wood projects?
Having trouble finding a good finish for baltic birch
Why are keyed drill chucks still available for modern tools?
How do I create a hole with a hole saw that is deeper than the tool?
Using a coping saw with 1/4" wood sheets
Cleaning old hard wood
What type of lathe do I need for duplicating parts
What causes a table saw sled to be uneven on either side of the cut line?
What is the draw knife technique with pencil marks called?
What is this mystery bamboo joinery on this bamboo bike frame?
Can I expect an improved weekend shop experience from installing an air filtration system?
How to identify a wood drill bit from a metal drill bit - and does it matter?
Bandsawing a small log - how to keep the log on the bandsaw table?
Are there alternatives to buying flocking fibers?
Is there a software that will print large jigsaw patterns on letter sized sheets of paper?
What is the maximum width for a full cross grain glue up?
How to fix a 2x4 table that is too heavy for its own good?
How do I prevent big box stores from cutting badly on a panel saw?
What are the steps in building a shooting board?
What is a morse taper?
What does a torn fiber look like compared to a cut fiber?
Are ratchet straps suitable for clamping glued boards together for a table?
Does burning wood increase any mechanical proprieties?
How do I cut a 45 degree bevel on a table saw with consistent dimensions?
Is there still a place for "hand drills" in a modern woodshop?
What are the main different types of "hand drills"?
What is a hardware attachment for dowel rods that allow for running wire through the ends?
Can a picture frame be made from wood molding from a DIY/Big Box store?
What kind of wood should be used in constructing a catapult arm?
What is aircraft plywood? What is it used for?
Is a different type of screw preferred for screwing into softwood vs hardwood?
How do I put a really long narrow straight hole in a piece of wood?
How can I fix wood to some metal in a neither destructive nor permanent way
How can I hollow out a square hole in a solid piece of wood to make a box?
Long travel drill guide
What are aluminum wood screws that break easily used for?
Are there techniques to sand small parts on a benchtop belt sander?
What are more specific names for these two types of bench-top belt sanders?
Good wood for beer pong table
Milling wide lumber to square
How to sharpen a planer knife the right way?
Is working with MDF going to kill me?
Trying to identify this antique woodworking tool
Removing Paint from Rough/Coarse Surfaced Beams
Ideas for removing fire blight 'stain'?
Filling gaps/seams in a new cherry tabletop
Painting dark MDF Cabinet White
Can steel screws be used in brass bathroom fittings?
How to restore old files?
How to flatten MDF board
How does this leg vise parallel chain guide work?
Is vertical storage of sheet goods causing my boards to warp?
Cheap table saw fence techniques
What features and accessories should I look for in purchasing a used lathe
Enlarging a Hole made by a Hole Saw
Where should the trademark be placed on a baseball bat?
Finger Joints on a 2x10
What is the difference between wiping polyurethane and wiping varnish?
Supporting a level box on an uneven surface
What joining methods would be best for the legs and other areas of a height adjustable desk?
Long term, what happens if I paint wet wood?
Which kind of hinges for a foldable box?
When working with maple, do I need to seal the wood before assembling the furniture?
Can I cut homemade plywood on a bandsaw?
Can I decorate linseed oil treated wood table with a blowtorch?
How can I change speeds on my old lathe?
When it comes to removing multiple layers of paint from a flat surface what are my options?
Can I really use my table saw as a disc sander?
What finish should I use to make a bowl "microwave-safe"?
How heavy a piece of wood can my lathe handle?
Choosing wood type for child's rocking horse chair
How do I de-nib polyurethane after it dries but still maintain its finish?
What can you use instead of PVC pipe for your dust collector?
Pre-stain Conditioner After Sanding
Bench grinder, tool sharpener or sharpening stone?
How do experts make dovetails by hand that fit so well?
How to prevent sticking and hopping when cutting with a hand saw?
LED Lights for the Woodworking Workshop
What makes a hand saw great?
Do pocket hole screws allow for proper expansion and contraction in planked table tops?
How to attach steel strip to OSB board
Oil before or after glue-up?
Carved kuksa of ash wood has split and oozed water, what has gone wrong?
How can I create a planked wood table top with a plywood core?
Shellac over paint, outdoors
Replacing a portion of a ply in plywood
How to make a small repair to a piano?
Do you need to countersink self-countsink screws
Protective disc between moving pieces of wood
Miter saw slightly hits plastic kerf when cutting at 45°
Polyurethane rub down problem!
Applying clamping pressure on opposing sides of a circle
Are some workbench features not suitable for a softwood workbench?
What options do I have to repair this chair?
Can I sharpen a carbide tool with sandpaper?
Glue joint bit, recommended?
How to choose desirable oak slabs for projects
Flush trim Router bit question
Looking for a specific drill bit holder that reduces cam out
Is there nothing that can't be made from wood? (Can you top this?)
Does a thickness planer's platen need to be absolutely flat?
How do I cut a hole into a cutting board for a handle
cutting a circle wider on top than the bottom
How can I improve my strategy for flush trimming with a router?
Is there a generic reason to mark work with Roman numerals?
Can I run pressure treated deck boards through thickness planer?
Painting a built in bookcase?
How can I stop wobbling after installing a table saw blade
Using scrapers on "fuzzy" woods
How to bind wooden pieces together, but detachable
Beach chair reclining arm mechanism
Large hole filler products, what is available
Mortise and tenon joint proportions for 3 wooden beams corner
Is making a breadboard table top using just pocket joinery asking for future problems?
How do I sharpen curved tools like gouges?
Tungsten Carbide grades
Table saw safety devices
How can I get this effect and what is it called?
What are the applications for polyurethane glue?
What do I need to know before I lacquer a custom painted guitar body?
What is the functional purpose of fluted dowel?
Sears Craftsman Table Saw Model Number
8 to 12 mm plywood box joints: brackets vs glue(box joint) vs screws
How can I flute my own dowel or create dowel with similar properties
Identifying Paint Type on Finished Furniture
What dissolves/liquefies each of the popular furniture paints?
What wood type is appropriate for creating custom inlays?
Using newly cut wood with dry wood
What are the ideal traditional tools to use for creating an inlay?
Number of flutes on a router bit
Sanding inside pockets, fast
Does having more teeth on a saw blade help it last longer?
Planing a laminated curve
What do I need to know to use a claw hammer effectively
What should I do to maintain a saw blade?
What is the difference between a worm and sidewinder drive circular saws?
What would be the UK equivalent of the common US 2 by 4 (not just by size)
Technique for using a "poor-man's rebate plane"
Can you make shaker doors out of one piece of MDF?
sanding a live edge
filling cracks in tables
how can I make sandpaper last longer?
Why keep gaps in siding of outdoor furniture project?
Can you apply wood with glue over stained areas?
Is this small hand tool with a heart-shaped end a woodworking tool?
Beginner wood carving tools
What router bit type should I use on screws?
Can I use a 6mm shank in a 1/4 inch collet?
Do I need to sand, condition, prime etc and what paint and stain is best to finish my Armoire?
Sand before priming plywood built-in
Sculpture: Anchor a wire armature to a natural wood branch
Are there any tips when working a large surface with an handheld electric planer?
Actual KVH sleepers dimensions
What is an electric planer (hand tool) good for?
Exterior glue for tapered plugs
What is the best method for sanding a rectangular cut out
I accidentally used woodglue that doesn't stain. How do I fix it?
What is the type of wood that is often purchased in bulk at the hardware store?
What drill bit should be used for cutting steel
What would be the best way to bevel an oval table top?
Should I use solid color wood stain or paint for my project?
How to determine the location of joinery fasteners
Are there any best practices when using dado blades or stack?
What is an easy way to seal wood for outdoor garden use
What is the benefit to gluing boards together instead of buying a thicker board?
Why do the plans for this bench require a side panel oriented on an angle from a larger piece of wood?
Seeking hinge for a fold-back desk that flips up and out
How to properly sharpen a Forstner bit?
Building a wooden arcade stick case
What is this turning process on the woodworking Wikipedia page?
What tools could I use to cut a turned chair leg in half vertically?
How can I flatten out a cupped piece of 3/4" plywood for a wood counter top base?
How to attach table legs to wood that is too thin?
What is the difference between a black oxide bit and a titanium bit?
How can I sharpen a reciprocating saw blade?
I am about to stain a new Redwood deck. Does anybody have first hand experience with a good stain for Direct/Heavy Sunlight?
Can anyone offer guidance on heating with wood waste from the shop?
Should I use cleats or brackets when putting up shelves?
High gloss finish for wooden sign
What are my options when laminating wood with butt joints?
How strong is a titanium coated bit?
How to make a wood gear?
Process for Food Safe Finishing
Folding table issue
Is this cedar planter box design asking for problems w/ wood movement?
How do I fix one piece of plywood subfloor is 1.5mm higher than it's neighbor?
Best way to make round coasters
Hemlock dining room table finish
What are some good ways to hang plywood from a wire?
Wobbly table - maybe an easy fix
What is an easy way of putting together a mitred box?
Do I need to worry about wood dust for very small-scale manual sanding?
How long would it take to rot for untreated pine box
How do I know what tools I need?
Hose converter between Dewalt Saw and Shop Vac
How do I stop tearout when using a dovetail jig
Fixture and jig, what's the difference
How do I fix a new douglas fir tongue and groove exterior floor that is oozing sap?
Alternatives to grip tape on a longboard
My drill bit is randomly forcing itself forward
Triple flute drill bits Vs. 2 flute drill bits
What router to use for a homemade routertable?
removing dye from wood floor
Can I salvage a paint brush with dried polyurethane on the bristles?
Is low-formaldehyde plywood important if the wood will be finished with polyurethane?
What is the proper humidity for a shop and how should I achieve it?
How can I cut veneer with a hand saw and not chip it?
UFP treated woods for raised garden bed
Is wood glue enough to hold a pine serving tray together?
Can I use a band saw to make a cutting board?
Raised platform around bed with built-in storage
Miter saw does not cut all the way through
How big or powerful does a bandsaw have to be to resaw?
Can I switch from my oil base finish, that still has not dried, to a water based poly?
making a cover for pipes on the wall
Warped Walnut Slabs
Can I make a stool from thinner OSB
Fettling a hand plane
Driving a nail into wood that has split and been glued back together
Best way to join frame members in a rectangle box using bolts?
Ideal outdoor preservative for a wooden ornament
How do vertical saws avoid cutting their support
How can I identify sharpening stones?
Remove nails from table frame
What do I need to do to prepare wood for gluing?
Knots on the branch that I want to convert to a hiking stick
Options for sanding this type of bandsawn woodwork
How to treat floor-facing edge of OSB for a stool leg?
Are there such things as oversized screw threads?
3 (or 4?) piece plywood desk over bike trainer
How to remove a smaller cube from the end of a wooden beam
90 degree soft close lid support for 80lb lid?
Why does my workpiece become rough again after applying polyurethane varnish when it wasn't before?
How can I repair raised boards on table top?
What are the name and origin of the woodworking style used for this wooden cabinet with rounded features?
Need a fireproof/weatherproof solution for fire pit table top
Mortise and Tenon for shed wall framing
How do I remove a stuck router bit from a plunge router?
Use 3/4" wood for Adirondack chair?
Should I treat end-grain on garden table with wood glue?
Follow pattern at an angle with router?
How do I properly care for my paintbrushes?
What join to use to join 2X4s for a pedestal
What are the different grain directions, and how do they affect joint strength?
Cherry wood for dining table - Strong enough or should I consider Walnut?
What is the yellow stain on the end of this pine I bought?
Can I turn my router table into a jointer?
Is a long router bit safe?
Can you identify the screws used in my folding chairs
Does MDF warp less than pineboards?
How do I properly dispose of a solvent like mineral turpentine?
In which order to add risers and treads to stairs?
Does MDF board dull tools quickly?
What's water sandpaper for?
How do I drill greater than 7 inches in from the edge of my sheet of wood?
Making a stone sieve out of wood
How do i create a really long box joint?
Finishing with Arm-R-Seal After Oil and Wax
How to get zero height painting?
Should breadboard ends be quarter sawn or plain sawn?
Ikea Beech Table top conditioning
Polyurethane Book Case is Rough, Sand in Place?
How thin is too thin for a large dining table top? Is 11/16" too thin to properly attach to the table base?
How to join short boards to make a longer panel
What are some good ways to fasten beams to posts for a swing?
How can I hollow a cherry log to use as a newel post?
Can I use sculptor chisels with a lathe?
Finding router bits to make decorative trim grooves
Can you use Festool dust extraction with non-Festool tools?
How brittle is carbide?
Do full overlay hinges come in different sizes for different frame thicknesses?
What is the best way to slice CHUNKS of wood?
Stain won't take on wood stair nose
The wooden frame is wet and it's raining. Should I mount the roof now?
Make a table top using pocket holes?
Should I use aluminum and copper to make woodworking tools?
Protecting against water damage
What are the precautions to take when working with Desert Ironwood
Where do I put the standards for adjustable shelves?
Is this bunk bed design feasible?
Use Baby oil instead of mineral oil on cutting boards
Adding a 'juice collection' section on a cutting board
Any experience/advice re treadle lathes?
How to fix splitting laminated wood piece?
Building a wide storage box
Removing oil-based polyurethane residue
Joint in curtain rods
Cutting a circle out of a sleeper to a certain depth
Can you fill cracks in the side of a live edge slab
Poplar- how do I get the whites whiter, enhanced grain?
Identify this chuck / faceplate mounting
How can I make precise corner or notch cuts on the edge of a board?
What is the proper way to sharpen a round plug cutter
Why is a 1x2 nominal planed to 0.75x1.5?
Is this a sufficient attachment method for a tabletop?
What is the oldest type of wood finish that we know of which can still be used today?
Router bit used for this profile?
Lumber Dimensions for Brachiation Ladder (Monkey Bars)
Can overusing a trim router be bad?
Affixing a dowel to the bottom of a piece of board
Drill a perfectly centred hole in a cylinder
Unwanted change of depth of cut
Decrease the diameter of part of a cylinder
Bullnose router bit, 1/4" shank, 1/4" radius, bearing guide DOESN'T EXIST?
Traditional Japanese method of sealing wood?
How to cut down bifurcated trees on a slope
What length screw should I use for a computer desk
Adding height to wooden fence post
Is this a case of just using the wrong wood? (Warping)
Load Bearing Weight Capacity of a 3/4" x 3/4" Wood Molding?
Routing tight edges/corners
Building a table for aquarium
Planing the inside of a curved surface with power tools
Are there any special concerns when finishing ambrosia maple?
What wood is not good to use in a cutting board?
At what point in the build/finish process should I apply edge treatments with my router?
DIY Kiln Dry Walnut Plan
"T-slot joint" or "cam nut"- style plywood to the wall connection
Weight bearing for a loftbed and wood only joints
Finishing a desk or tabletop?
Lathe Semi-Automation
Sealing plywood from moisture completely - for use as damp-reptile habitat
Can miter lock joints be made without a routing table?
Safest way to cut very small blocks
Where to get end caps for chisels or what to use instead?
gluing small pieces
What are these wooden posts?
Painting a kid's bed frame
Easiest way to make 5000 cuts'?
What is this tool called for making wave surface?
How to de-emphasize grain in red oak shelves
Attach fastener into glue joint of two face-glued boards
Is my orbital sander fixable?
Gluing boards from big-box stores
Tap magic cutting fluid
Repair wooden footboard rail mount?
Using thick branches to make an end-grain cutting board?
Alternative desk top to glass for reclaimed (softer) wood
Finish for an exterior front door
Choosing a saber saw for long blades (12" and 18"). What does the maximum length specified in a saw depend on?
Freestanding Fence Post Support Size
How to make your own spalted maple
Can I finish a pine loft bed outdoors?
Proper bit selection for plunge router?
What to finish my pine loft bed with?
Is the off gassing from plywood harmful when used in a cooking device?
What is a "shadow line"
Will PVA glue add some thickness to two and more pieces of plywood?
Joining 3 wooden cubes with swivel joints
Load Bearing of Legs and Wood Movement on TV Console
Is sealing wood with urethane or the like enough to avoid wood movement?
Tasmanian Blackwood - hairline cracks?
DIY Farmtable, Gap in table seams, biscuit joints did not hold
Calculating the required depth of a plywood box beam
Materials and finish for an office chair mat?
Will this setup severely reduce the CFM from my dust collector?
Quick corner joints in practice
Mid-century table: Is it worth re-veneering?
Building a wooden poker bag
How to make a 3/4" flat bottomed hole?
Bad technique vs inadequate equipment for beginner woodworker
What are these profiled wooden objects with brass end caps?
Make a gift card holder with no power tools
How effective are different types of saw blades for various cuts and woods?
How long does it take to sharpen a saw blade?
Max bit size in Craftsman fixed-base router
What is this pest living in my drying lumber and how do I eliminate it?
Scroll or Band saw?
How do I remove a liquid deglosser from my cabinet doors?
Rocker restoration
Fully threaded screws
Wooden covering of a well
Recovering from a rusted table saw top -- and protecting it in future
Type of Wood to make Burr Puzzles
Changing bar & chain on Husqvarna chainsaw
How to solve the behandla problem -- removing or avoiding sticky oil residue
door jamb groove?
Redo glue joint
Are barrel nuts strong?
Hinge a 25mm worktop to fold upwards
Are any big shop tools manufactured in the USA?
How do I safely accomplish plunge cuts on a router table?
Reuse old cedar clapboards?
How can I recreate this wine rack (ovular holes, proper angle, etc.)?
Grooved bar counter top
Reading a hardwood dealer's price list for plywood
Splitting wood even though grain is arced
How to assemble gear system for adjustable table?
How should I go about restoring rusty clamps?
Setting up a new table saw blade
Blotchy Water based Poly
Can I stain damp plywood
How to build a picture frame?
Need a new router collet , or bit?
What does a cyclone for a shop vac do?
Wood Finishing - Beginner
Are factory edges of plywood straight?
If I mill / surface my own wood, will it warp as bad as pre-milled / surfaced wood from the store?
When sharpening, how do I assess what grit to start on?
How to avoid damaging the ends of mortise holes when chiseling?
Leaving counterbore holes unfinished on exterior projects
Can I use turpentine as a drying agent?
Embedded nut for using machine screws?
Protecting wooden plant pot from water damage
How to use a router to cut a thick wood board
How to remove sticker price tags from wood without leaving residue
First two backsaws - what to choose/buy?
Different ways to set up a Number 4 bench plane
No rear clearance spring assisted lid hinge system
How would you create a high gloss finish on furniture?
Half lap joints with Dremell 231 Shaper/Router Table
Flattening the face of a board without using a jointer
Looking for a type of vise that would fit on a cnc table
What are the differences in use between a drum sander and thickness planer?
What is snipe on a thickness planer?
Waterproofing Wood With Left Over Polyurethane (Aesthetics irrelevant to project)
How to attach a one inch thick table top to two A shaped frames that are two inches thick
How can I sanitize wood?
What to look for when buying a thickness planer
What is this dark part of the end grain on this wood called?
How can I be sure my workpiece feet are level, when my workshop floor isn't?
Can I use half-lap joint for table breadboard?
Where to get bow saw 42 inch?
Preserving a Dead Branch AS IS for a Staff
Hitachi electric miter saw leaves a strange, slightly undulating non-square edge
Picture frame using L angle brackets
How do I fix chuck wobble in my drill press?
Shelf made of 1x2 pine boards. Stable?
What is this lathe tool that helps me copy a turned object?
Turning a convex arc
What is the difference between a crosscut sled and a table saw boat?
Use a miter gauge or a rip fence for cutting square stock on a table saw?
How to neaten holes in plywood with hand tools?
Glue for butcher's blocks
Not-so-obvious disadvantages of butt joints
Troubleshooting Compound Miters
Can I spray "brushing lacquer"?
Making removable marks on walls for e.g. cabinet installation
Would threaded rod with a coupling nut suffice as a stretcher?
Building a simple table base with these materials?
How to secure these 2 stair handrails together.
How to make a box with rounded corners
Does construction lumber ever dry to 6-9% MC?
Attaching t-slotted channel to the underside of a desk top
Is it necessary to apply finish to both sides of a table top?
Why would stain change color from one project to another?
Is Danish Oil redundant to Polyurethane?
Use a fence with a router bit with a bearing?
How can I remove water damage from my improperly stored slab?
What are the different types/grades of wood glue?
Pocket Hole Joint Strength
Waterproof sign frame
Convert a minimalist bench design into a desk
My hand-planed rebate goes downhill - what's wrong with my technique?
How to make shallow flat-bottomed hole on 5mm thickness wood slice?
Wood Staining is blotchy and black...HELP!
Invisible wall mounts
Considerations for using smaller diameter blades on table saw?
Stabilizing and colouring poor quality wood
Using right angle clamps
Large Scale Woodburning
Beginner's Toolset
What finish can I apply to mixed end-grain/cross-grain bowl that's sanded to 7000?
6" or 8" bench grinder
What are recommended angles for different wood-turning tools
How to fix a wooden floor
Type of stain...?
What other uses are there for a shop press?
Furniture name for waist-high floor-sitting shelf cabinet thing
How can I accurately cross-cut a board that is too wide for my table saw?
Homemade belt sander belts (3X18)
Advice on repairing a broken bed
What determines carving tools/chisels quality?
Identifying tree species
Storing a tree trunk for furniture
Using plexiglass instead of aluminum plate for router table
Choosing a CA glue for general purpose woodworking
How can I carve out an inset in butcher block?
Can anyone Identify what this item is and what its used for?
Drying Wood Methods
Finishing an indoors pine table
Best method to attach an edge board to an end-table top board
Painting & finishing Baltic Birch
How do I fix blotchy grey stain that was not absorbed evenly into pine?
Recommended tools for a lathe
What are the minimum, maximum, and optimal depths for dadoes, grooves, and rabbets?
Is (pure raw cold-pressed) tung oil food-safe (for cooking utensils)?
Static Electricity While Using a Hand Plane
Orbital sander papers coming off
Do I need to laminate both sides of plywood or can I coat one side and laminate the other
How can I scribe a slab into a nook with three walls?
Thin, Flat Sheet - Plywood, Masonite, or MDF?
Suggestions for OSB coating
4'x8' length cut - circular saw, table saw, or panel saw?
polyurethane finish krinkles?
What is the best way to transport (ply)wood on the roof of a vehicle?
How do I cut this corner joint?
Wood types in Southeast Asia
Tips for Simple Inlay of Brass into Walnut
Ideas for converting dining table to adjustable height coffee table
Is it a problem if my countersink bit is slightly larger than it needs to be?
How do I use dividers to layout decorative shapes?
How can I properly sharpen my knives with power tools?
Clogging when spraying lacquer with a gun
Sander in lieu of grindstone?
How can I strengthen my 3/4" Plywood Bunk Bed Plan?
Circular saw warping, binding, and wavy cuts
How can I inwardly round off the end of a dowel?
For a kid's balance beam, which way should the grain face?
Is it safe to keep the bark on a fresh/green slice of tree trunk?
Is this resin & nail hole a Bad Thing for a chopping board?
Can I cut wood with a blade for aluminium?
How might I design a "quick-breakdown" feature to allow easy assembly and disassembly of this floating beds frame supports?
This was my first attempt to making a coffee table. I have some issues where stain didnt take
Make one end of a board thicker than the other?
How do I align threaded inserts
Substitute for Pocket Hole Jig?
What can I put on a wooden dowel to have a good grip?
Does a 3/4x16tpi for a 5/8 plain spindle adapter exist?
Dry Spar Varnish in Oven? Or other methods to speed drying
Best way to make cross section pieces out of 12"-18" diameter log
Replacing top on particleboard desk with solid wood - allow for movement? Bad idea?
Choices of contrasting wood for laminated table mat
Panel Glue up Question
Thicknesser is not cutting properly anymore
Using BLO on a Base Used for an Electrical Lamp
How do I achieve inset edge beading?
Choosing a saw for oak worktop, considering future usefulness
Building new router table by re purposing components of an off shelf router table-need advice
Is Marine Grade Plywood the same as Baltic Birch Plywood?
Problem with "Bubbles" in Table Finish
How long does it take for the odor to go away after applying varnish?
How do I strip Arm-R-Seal?
How do I stop the table I built from wobbling/shaking side to side?
Does a route table sag if you do not leave the router attached to it?
How do I prevent knots in a pine wood bead board panel from bleeding through paint?
What is the right blade for my old, cheap jig (sabre?) saw?
Why did my flush trim bit chew up my work piece?
Looking for a solution to install a quickly removable outfeed wing for my table saw
What is causing this poor refinishing result and how do I fix it?
What hardware should I use for this hinge?
How to cut round corners on a 4x4?
I applied wax paste to my desk after a few coats of tung oil finish. End result is a very tacky desk
What wood/finish would hold up to use in a video game controller?
How do I join wood in an A frame for a beginner?
What is the weight limit for shaker pegs?
What are the considerations for different guide materials in a sled jig?
How to remove the upper wheel of a bandsaw?
A woodwork plan software that I can export sizing chart?
What criteria do I need to consider when selecting wood for a walking stick?
Is a quality miter gauge precise enough for cutting picture frames?
What is damaging this finished oak surface?
How do I fix a warped shoji door?
Can barn wood planks be planed and how thin?
Techniques for repair wood chair seats
ShopVac with Cyclone hoses, 2.5 or 4.0?
Is kiln dried jack pine suitable for a kitchen table?
What is this tab on this old saw?
Easy but tough shelving finish
Frame and panel glue up
Removing spots of tempera paint from rough sawn cedar board ceiling
How much weight can these wood bedside drawers support?
How to get better at fitting joints and "seeing" bruises?
Ripping vs Resawing - is there a reason for the difference?
Thick tabletop movement
How do I cut a blind half-lap T-joint?
Best TOUGH clear finish for fragile wood-shaving flower?
cutting opendesk parts with fretsaw
How can I harden soft woods?
Old carving gouges -- why so thick?
Tacky/ gummy Danish oil surface on stained, Tasmanian Oak
How much weight can this stand hold?
Waterproof finishing for buffet
Band saw blade replacement
Vise chop thickness?
What do you call this piece of hardware with spurs and female threads?
Cutting dressed pine to make it narrower
Making a box joint jig
Lubricating screws
Why do (electric) routers spin so fast?
Shelf movement in a plywood bookcase
Looking for non-threaded inserts
Advice on making wood hinges
What is a good finish for shot glasses?
Is it drastically more work to sand down barn wood instead of planing?
Why choose a DIY router table over a mananufactured version?
Finish for pine plywood art piece
Do I need to worry about expansion and shrinkage for my table top with wood joined at 45 degree angles?
Best way to correct splotchy stain job on MDF?
Tenon dimensions and orientation
Hot Hide Glue Guidelines
How do I cut a lap in the middle of a 2x6 that does not extend to either end of the board without using a router?
My new 13" planer
Creating a mount for Hitachi SB8V2 belt sander?
How to go about cutting more "organic" shapes out of wood without machines like a CNC
Should I resaw before or after gluing up thin panels?
Veneer sheet stability and properties
Fixing an oversized mortise
Carving a wooden handle - any rules of thumb?
Splotches Showing Up when Staining Staircase
Techniques for gluing thin panels?
Adding weight to Veritas dovetail saw
What is the name of this joint?
How many times can I sharpen a planer blade?
what is a safe way to plane a cross-grain board?
What kind of wood is thin enough to cut with a knife, but strong enough for doll furniture?
What is the name of the joint used in these lattice designs?
How to make large table less springy in the middle
What joint should I use for this 45 degree angled brace?
Oak table danish oil finish problems?
How can I resaw material using only hand tools?
Planing boards with the nearly useless hand-held power planer
How to achieve slightly rounded edge?
Most general purpose hand plane for limited budget
Joining two flat legs of stool
Hinge that extends flap/door so that it is in line with the wood it is mounted to?
Shelf building questions from a newbie
Caring for a sealed finish
Table Saw Challenge: Making a Sled for a 2' Circle
Clean and protect cabinets and railing
Can I apply finish immediately after planing?
hand plane controls (bevel down)
Is it OK to use WD-40 to clean wood?
Maximizing chatoyance in claro walnut
Why S4S boards sold at Home Depot aren't straight?
How can I fix this table? It flexes both side ways and front to back
Sealing MDF so it doesn't absorb moisture
Creating a hollow, seamless box; CNC needed?
"Presanding" wood, before assembly?
How to deal with signs of woodworm in "live edge" wooden slab
What is this plywood joining mechanism and hardware for knock-down furniture?
Table saw bogging down more than usual
How can I design a large speaker cabinet to come together square and true when my panels aren't flat and my boards aren't straight?
technique for side handles on cutting board
Getting sanded poly slurry out of wood grains
Why is hand held routing less prone to kickbacks than routing on a router table?
How can I dye my hardwood inside deeply so I can laminate something like this?
Home made table saw + home made scoring blade
What kind of fire extinguisher should I have in the shop?
Simple Dovetail jig
Alternatives to a spindle sander
Lumber Calculator
Is there such a thing as a woodworking chisel with a high-speed steel tip?
getting edge of plane square to sole for shooting
Is my 1/4 sheet palm sander going to die?
Proper operation of a thickness planer and the "do not's" of planing
How to bore a hole in a shotgun stock that already has an off center hole in it?
The best way to cut small square holes and shallow rebate in chipboard?
Best way to attach metal legs to corner desk? Do I need extra support?
Strength of doweled miter joint
How to build a double X table leg
What is so great with biscuit joinery?
horizontal stablity
Leg basics for stools, chairs, table
Finishing a narrow cavity
Respirator / Dust mask for hand tools?
2x4's are not really 2x4. How does this affect the integrity of a structure?
Toenail or Toescrew a beam to a sill?
Where can I find a replacement chuck for a drill press?
What is the cheapest way to create a right triangle out of a square dowel rod or similar?
how to design and install full length (floor-to-ceiling) built in bookcase?
horizontal stability of a table
Oops, applied wood conditioner for water based stain in error
What are some good wood choices for making signs?
What degree should I sharpen my chisel
How to cut and join "wedges" of plywood to form a perfect circle
How to make small wooden toy pieces
Will a steel guide bushing harm a drill bit?
Sawdust all over house and furniture from old house modifications - toxic?
FIlling up gaps in an old wooden floor
Cutting curved box legs
My circular saw won't cut straight
Is it hopeless to glue together two parts of oiled butcher block countertop?
recognizing wood -- good database
Profile straight edge to a skew wall
Sealer and Clear Top-Coat for wooden sign/art
How to cut a wood plank to make kumiko ramrods?
Planing thin material to consistent thickness using hand tools
Farmer Table Legs
Is there a workbench "type" reference?
Tips for Jointing Reclaimed Barnwood Table Top
Cheap or Expensive sandpaper?
Linseed oil finish over spraypaint
What tools can I use for doing this type of semicircular groove?
Cam Bolt and Screw hole drilling
Safe thickness for sliding dovetail in shelf
Hand sawing cross or rip
what do you do when the two sides of a mortise hole don't line up exactly?
Safety - Cutting multiple pieces at the same time
Walnut or Jojoba oil before final smoothing plane
Refinishing - how much to sand
How deep will sandpaper penetrate?
How to fill gaps in mirror frame corners?
Box joints for this table with just jigsaw and chisel?
How to construct roof correctly covering walls corners?
Dresser conversion to media stand - hinge help required
Should I seal my bed slats, and if yes, with what?
Lansky System, Help!
Drill sharpening
Fixing gloopy shellac
How to make round walls with big radius
Dealing with wood movement when attaching a wide panel to a curved leg
How to fix a collet chuck on a router
Looking for help to design my own board game
Prevent warping but allow planing
Bandsaw Motor Upgrade Horse Power
Spots on live edge after sanding
How thin can a large dovetail tail be?
Color cross-contamination after sanding
What's the safest way to machine-cut angle greater than 45 degrees?
What type and thickness glass should I use in picture frames?
Does the waterfall side of my table design have a strong joint?
My contractor sanded our plywood seating... Is there any way to fix the finish?
Proper grain orientation for a box
Can you hook up two shop-vacs in parallel to increase airflow through a dust collection system?
Installing a solid wood tabletop on this steel frame
Any way to straighten this wood gate piece?
How do I use a handplane to smooth a cutting board?
How to remove finish on T&G solid wood pine paneling on walls?
Considerations for cordless circular saw blades - effects of kerf, coating and geometry on performance?
Application for OSB board plans - fill rectangle with minimum amount of boards
Appropriate Lacquer to resist salt water
How to paint a piece of wood with spray
How to stabilize a table with hairpin legs?
Bullnose router bit 1/4"shank is there a max radius (can't find 1" radius on 1/4" or 8mm shank)
Knots bleeding thru on the deck
Joining Thin Angled Wood
Fixing a wood stain issue
Should I use Mr. Clean Magic Eraser to remove pencil marks from unfinished wood?
Help me fix mistake -- twin screw vise spacing runs screws into table legs
Panel Flatness During Table Top Glue Up
Why are bed slats not attached?
Question about the strength of Douglas fir
What is the definition of green woods?
Why does an impact driver have some 'wobble'?
Smooth tree trunk cross section
Best way to join pieces of L shaped desktop
stopping sap from coming through prime/sealed and painted wood
Strongest sliding dovetail angle
US handheld circular saws with riving knives?
Gluing up using bench vise
which direction does wood expand?
Making wood filler from sawdust
Water-based polyurethane Vs. Oil-based polyurethane
Is standard box joinery sturdy enough for a hollow table leg?
unknown damage to Tru-Oil finish, please advise
furniture spring support
how to fix very light scratches in polyurethane finish?
Where to buy and how to replace missing piece antique french hunters cabinet?
How can I straighten a bent shaft?
How can I copy the cut of a curved piece of wood?
Wear out of wooden floor
Minimising Kerf on deep opening doors on box project
Using 1x4 instead of 2x4 for laminated workbench top?
Adding an angled back to a bench
Does anyone use diamond files to touch up/sharpen circular saw blades?
How many coats of polyurethane?
Harden soft pine
Do I need to worry about incidental contact between a finish and its thinner / solvent once it's cured?
Can you apply water based stain over oil based wood conditioner?
Pocket hole tearout
Can I enlarge this wood rack without beefing it up?
Screw clearance hole question
Help get me a grand piano Hi Gloss Finish please
Need help understanding workbench design and build process
Why do screws usually work well without clearance holes?
Longterm protection for outdoor painted bird feeder (bird safe & environmentally friendly)?
Why don't my corners read square?
What can be done to correct wipe-on poly that is still tacky after 24 hours?
Dining table with multiple miter cuts
How should I fix a broken chair stringer?
Laminating 2x4s - brush on the glue?
Drill holes for bookshelves before or after paint?
How to joint both sides of a wood without a tablesaw & jointer?
How would I go about recreating this surface?
Best way to join dowel rod perpendicular to board face?
Which additives increase shellac's heat resistance?
Can timbermate be used in a wet area?
How can I protect my teak table while maintaining its raw and unfinished look?
Wooden bread dough proofing box -- high humidity
Making layered thin stock (complex shape) flush?
How to reinforance purchased sitting bench with 250 load limit to 500 load limit
Is cedar dangerous for your health when used in indoor furniture?
How to build a window frame with hand tools?
Laminating 2" red oak to make 4x4s?
Single coat of coloured Danish oil?
Finishing on a crucifix
Working with Wenge or Purpleheart
5000rpm vs 5500rpm circular saw
Tool recommendation to prick bamboo nodes
Extending oak drawer runners
Belt sanding belt joints
Problem staining an oak barrel
Using a Planer on wide but short stock
Connecting the MDF corners, so there's no gap
Cutting 2" (50mm) hemispheres into wood
Cutting a spherical depression in wood
Didn't let wood dry between coats of stain & poly. How to correct?
Is 55W enough for a sander?
Stair treads do not look smooth after sanding and finishing
How to make bottom for a big drawer?
Is it necessary to cover all veneered particle board ends?
How do you make a mortise and tenon joint using hand tools?
Installing molding on sloping ceiling
Reinforcing/repairing a soundboard
What is this old brass item?
What's the name this window type?
What wood type is suitable for a childrens toy?
What finish is suitable for a childrens toy?
How can I control the "reddening" of Red Alder as it dries?
What is a good starter traditional hand-tool set
Strategy for Restoring an Old Rocking Chair?
What depth and offset from edge my dado / groove in particle board should be?
Minimum time between coats of Danish Oil?
Would 4 post legs work on an 8' x 40" x 1" table?
Can I blow torch a table that is already stained?...what would happen? Thanks
Hand Saws for Timber Framing
What frame saw can I use to mill small lumber?
End grain mitre joints for outside
Is the "paper test" actually relevant to sharpening chisels and planes?
Using a sheet sander vs hand sanding
Suggested Driftwood hardeners or coating
In whittling how do you make the v-like cut?
Is there a better way to join these two boards for a platform bed?
Wooden dog house for a chewer
Time between enamel and shellac
How Can I Attach a Chain to an Eye Hook?
Triangle Screw & Double Sided Eyes?
Wooden Music Box oily and leaving residue on paper. is leaking residue toxic? bought in Salzburg, Austria from market vendor
Can I get away with using bonded leather for a strop?
What is the best finish for wood in a bathroom
Building a Cabin; only un-powered hand tools. Need advice
Why does my bandsaw blade track towards the front of the wheel?
Acceptable wood moisture content for epoxy?
Hitachi Miter saw slows down and stops while cutting bamboo flooring
How can I restore these two old wooden boxes?
How to use this type of chuck without grooves/teeth?
Two piece workbench top
Imperial or metric?
How to increase maximum load capacity of a table?
Should I joint my workpieces first or cut them to rough size first?
Curved stairway re-do
Can anyone identify this tree?
Compensating Rabbet or dado in warped plywood
Vise Alignment/Mounting
Replacing a 1/2 dowel with a 3/4 dowel
How does wood glue create a strong joints?
Cutting a 45 degree bevel on all 4 sides of a small piece of wood
Is my "extra fine" diamond sharpening stone coarser than it should be, or am I crazy?
Cloudy whiteish looking spot on my finish - what happened?
Should I apply my stain/varnish before or after drilling hundreds of tightly packed little holes
How to square a long board
Is it possible to make a combination tool?
Hot melt wood filler sticks for glue guns
How is this large and intricate piece made with such precision?
Using a table saw in an apartment room
Table top popping up
Best approach for this broken chair leg
joinery terminolgy for posts in apple boxes / crates
What is this tool with a clamp for dowel, a cutter on handle, and an adjustable stop?
How do I shave off a few millimeters from a board?
Cutting Paulownia wood with a jigsaw
Raw/Pure Tung Oil finish - seeping issues
Is this a good approach to fixing damaged mdf holes along the edge?
How long after cutting wood can I wait to glue?
How to properly deburr a chisel
How to calculate board feet for project I'm working on
What are the hardness ratings for the different types of lacquers and polyurethanes?
Advice on surfacing board with sander
Making a 8 Sided Wooden Pyramid
How can I flatten the top of a 12" natural log in place?
What is "matrix gluing" (as opposed to "surface gluing")
Gluing joints with no clamps
Preventing dust spots when staining outside
Best method for making segmented rings for wood turning?
Is there a favourable direction for planing end grain?
What useful features should I look for in a router?
Router to create this baseboard?
What hand tools might have been used historically to create a wooden train?
Ran into a few issues while staining my table top
Bandsaw GFCI tripping
Good resources on properly using a sliding table saw
How can I flatten the floor of a small carved box?
Joint recommendation?
Remove wax from wood grain
How do I avoid 'orange peel' when rubbing out acrylic lacquer?
Building a pergola on a new patio slab - wood quality
Do I need to add natural stain before applying polyurethane for natural finish?
Finish and pitted grain in red oak
Tool identification (Chisel )
How do I prevent my table saw fence from deflecting?
What's a reliable measure of wood hardness?
How do I rip a 1 x 6 equally with a 45 degree bevel?
Best way to attach a curtain pole finial with a 25mm recess to a 35mm curtain pole
Can I puddle a little 2 part epoxy to fix a problem with a flood poly coat
What cleaning products can be used on a wood piece coated with acrylic lacquer?
Voids, epoxy and staining compatibility
Safety of commercial oil for cutting boards
What is this tool? Chisel-decorative-beating
How to permanently bond metal screws into wood?
How to remove a blade safely from a bandsaw?
Can i use Aspen wood for my beginner axe handle?
What type of hardware is this
Can a workbench survive outside in a shed with seasonal temperature variations?
Stanley Bailey frog adjustment problem
Upgrading a cheap bandsaw table?
Wide breadboard tenon length?
Drilling through fiberboard
When do I need to support the center of a horizontal, load-bearing board?
What is the difference between flush trim, pattern, and template router bits?
Are the wheels of a bandsaw exactly the nominal diameter?
Tongue and Groove Scraps - Can you create a floor with them
Do I have to treat the wood before I assemble it?
How should I set a hand plane down?
How to get writing out of a soft wood desk top
OSB chair finishing
Minwax poly stain still sticky
Sharpening - grit progression
is it ok to tighten a router bit so the bottom is flush with the bottom of the collet?
What is a good non-yellowing finish for maple?
Drop-in threaded hole for screw?
How well does metal ACME threaded work with wood holes tapped with ACME threads?
Which Acme thread class is best for homemade wood clamps?
Finish Sanding before or after wood burning in a design
Rough polyurethane job.
Hanger bolts on chair legs keep coming loose
Ridgid palm router microadjustment drift
Is it ok to clamp down squares and i-beam style levels?
Colonial style casing / backband and alternatives
Mitigating static shocks from a Festool router
What kind of finish does this need to be weatherproof/durable?
The Tools used on this cane?
Uniform oak dying: attenuate the grain
How to stain hickory
Moisture spot on deck
What is the clamping force of a "T-bar" sash clamp (or how can I work it out)?
How to add bookshelf to a desk without doing any permanent damage?
Wood Conditioner needed with Citrus Solvent / Tung Oil?
Type of wood for chunky puzzle
Is a natural edge actually natural, or is it a man-made feature?
Does it matter when you sand in relation to applying a finish?
How should I affix and refinforce these butt joints?
Remove twist from plank without reducing thickness
Making a wood vase hold water
Most efficient bit characteristics for 1-1/4hp router.
Trim / Casing and Baseboard choices between rooms
How could I repair this crack?
Installing casing using jack miters
countersinking screws
Wired my shop to 220v, can I buy table saws rated for 230-240v?
Measurements on a Try Square
Can I use polycarbonate sheets in a candle holder?
Fixing splintered wood on a curved surface
Food safe and weather/rot resistance
Walnut drawer sides: Is it wise to glue-in the plywood base?
Can I chamfer/bevel the top of a post with a router?
Filling Lines After Pyrography
Wood with Smooth Texture
Refinishing wood: Should I use wood conditioner after light sanding before staining an old desk?
How long does glue take to dry?
Type and thickness of ply for converting van
How to create a coped casing joint
Is there any way to join/seal large exterior mitre joints such as on a bay window sill so that they don't open up?
How to learn woodworking
Why does two-part epoxy shrink when mixed?
Emmets Good Stuff
How to fasten a 2x4 to a 4x4 and a floor that is 1" made of plywood
Will gluing thin planks to cut out curved chair leg be strong?
What is the name of the second tool
I calculated the recommended number of clamps required for my table top and the answer seems insane
How do I apply Minwax Polyshades Espresso stain over two coats of Polyshades Pecan stain to darken a bit?
Are "brass" wood screws liable to be fake, or am I just using them too roughly?
Kanna setup: blade/mouth width, osae-bo bending
When working with polyurethane glue, how long does one have to clamp the components?
Garage work bench compound miter saw position
Can I put more than one extractor on a dust collection system?
How can a bit brace handle be replaced?
Can I attach a hinge to click laminate flooring?
Differences Between Bolts Used in T Track?
How can I safely cut this thin stock with a small angle on a right tilting table saw?
1/16 bit to cut through 1/2" MDF
Help identifying old fence wood
pressure treated vs stain and varnish
Can you apply wipe-on poly over a varnish?
Wooden cabinet for Personal Computer UPS and Micro ATX slim tower
Strong method for bottom of a box
Was there paint under the stain I stripped off?
PVA wood glue grades and usage
Questions around designing and building an indoor climbing frame
Winter and my tools
Is natural resin + beeswax + oil suitable as a wood finish?
Canopy bed frame design supporting a suspended adult?
Coping Saw Angles
New carbon brushes, got a problem
finish for a very large pine dining table --- is beeswax crazy?
Why is my wood screw getting stuck in my bowl when turning with my lathe chuck?
What type of bed rails connectors make the best connection (the most rigid)
Designing and Building a Through-Leg Table
How to disguise gaps in wooden joints
Taking apart a pre-assembled desk
What would be the best glue to use for papermaking frames that are immersed in water & made from pinewood
how to heat a wood kiln to 140 F safely
Adding Stacked Cabinets to Existing Frameless Cabinets
Finishing a wooden piece by oiling instead of varnish/paint/lacquer
Placement of drawer slides
How to stop cat shelf split
How well does Walnut take stain?
Stain not adhering to wood
Coating gone wrong
How are bubbles avoided when brushing on Polyurethane?
How can I paint furniture so that it can be stripped later?
Rocking horse without a band/scroll saw or belt sander
How should I polish and finish this table top stained with Minwax Polyshades?
How to finish paint/poly removal from a guitar body
Can this table support 150 KG?
What wood species should I use for making stickers?
Threaded inserts alignment methods
Can I cut an acute angle, mid-stock with a mitre saw?
Are there any non obvious (specifically structural) concerns to building a walk-in wardrobe
Problems adjusting block plane
320 Grit Sandpaper TOO fine for oil based finish?
Blotching like you've never seen before!
Need Advice on Building Workbench
Using Tung Oil and Polyurethane on Maple?
Can I protect a french polished finish with laquer?
What is round firewood called?
Traditional Hand Planes Vs. Electric Hand Planer
Workbench better against or away from the wall?
Guess How much Weight the table can hold
To Resin or Not To Resin (Cracked Gum Wood)
deciphering different grits of diamond-plated sharpening stones
Air Nails or Staples?
Stopping a table saw by turning off at the outlet
Should I use a conditioner on maple before applying tung oil finish or polyurethane?
Fixing mistake: Filling the gap in a breadboard end on tabletop
What's a quick, easy home-made honing guide?
Technique for mitering X or Cross onto door
Framing Nail/Nailer Angles/Types?
What Length Pocket Hole Screws Are Generally Used?
Finish for hand painted/lettered wood sign
Are these work desk joints strong enough?
Painting inside of carving
To prepare SPF (spruce/pine/fir) tabletop before a finish: should I use scraping, planing, or sanding?
How do I know if the wood I picked up on Craigslist is treated?
What is this type of sail boat hull construction?
Quality Band Saw Blades
Substituting Walnut for Hickory in a bow saw
What's the best approach to cutting dry walnut with a hand saw?
Painting the edges of a cutout (inner and outer edges)
Carving a wood bowl or cut without a lathe
Are these brass "cross caps" (used on type cases) still made?
moisture after first layer of stain.. now what?
Will thinning oil-based varnish facilitate curing at cool temperatures?
Using raw beeswax for cutting board finish
Worried about movement in a floating shelf style mantel shelf
Is a mess-free, high gloss finish possible?
Embedding/Inlaying a gem into wood
Advice on fixing cam bolt hole
Table Saw Bevel Maths?
How would I attach feet to my product?
How can I figure out how much weight this span could support?
Fixing small knot hole in pine -- compatible with oil finish
Not sure how to successfully drill these pieces
How can I fix this wobbly desk
Jigsaw bevel cut jig
refinishing soft pine floors
How to fix this blotchy staining job?
Search for metal brackets to join 1/4" plywood boxes
How tight should a dado joint be?
Building a kitchen table to hold a fishtank
How do I fill teak
How do I select wood types for a walk in wardrobe?
Where to get half of a pipe clamp
How to calculate rotation for three square interlocking angled legs?
After stripping paint and applying wood stain, item is looking very blotchy... now what?
Cabinet Stain Issues
What are the holes in a circular saw rip fence intended for
Are Makita Makpac containers compatible with Tanos T-Loc systainers (Festool)?
Are there any alternatives of Tanos (Festool) T-Loc systainers
Black spots and streaks on new (painted) cedar siding
Should I build basement shelving so it's square with the wall or with the floor?
Would a threaded insert placed in or near the seam of a biscuit joint affect its strength?
How to divide bookshelf evenly?
How can I rotate a wooden ring and still be able to sand the inner/outer surface by hand?
Copycat furniture legs
Is there another name for these heavy duty cam-style clamps?
Are Oil finishing and Oil polishing complementary?
Antique table that has gaps in the wood
Lacquer brush marks, and dullness, on wood surface - what to do?
Border looks strange after grinding floorboard
How to accelerate pine ageing
How to cover the top and bottom of a piece with a self-leveling epoxy resin?
Dust Control on a Table Saw Not Intended for It?
Cross Cutting Large Boards (4x8) Stock?
Goat playpen project (lumber treatment)
Can Razertip points be used in Peter Child machine
"T" joint with MDF—No power tools
Is there a name for this particular cutting tool used by people needing to cut into walls to fix things inside?
What technique is used to give new wood the distressed white color only in cracks and holes?
Best way to finish red oak stairs?
PVC duct for dust collection: Glue the pipe and fittings together, or will tape suffice?
Do I need a pre-stain conditioner if I'm not staining?
Whittling knife sharpening with Kennametal sharpening stone
Drying time of dewaxed shellac
What are the best ways to glue thin edges?
Which wood dimensions can bear X kilos at Y meters long?
Seal a 4" jointer bed
HPLV vs HVLP dust collector
How to be confirm removal of glue residues?
Can I remove color oil stain excess from my piece of wood?
Table saw sled runners with just glue (not screws)
Gluing plywood together
Best way of building an interior door with screen
White spots on ash wood
How to remove paint in dent of guitar
Can polyurethane be used outdoors?
I'm making a guitar stand and need a maximum dowel weight
Can the finish be different on joined pieces
Door repairable?
How can wood bubble?
Is it important to minimize volume of duct in a dust collection system?
Finger size for a finger joint
How to repair the edges of a plywood
What's the best clamp for a hex shape?
Oak veneer finishing
What happens to kiln-dried wood when it's exposed to moisture?
How to prevent tree 'cookies' from splitting?
Is it appropriate for an 8 year-old to act as a 'helper,' ripping sheets on a table saw?
How to make a case with walls+top as a single piece and bottom as only separate part?
How do I duplicate large fretwork, brackets and corbels? Plywood and CNC?
How to Cut Dados in MDF with Hand Tools
Making a Wooden Vise (or wooden screw thread)
Pre-conditioner on seep through stain?
Using aerosol cans for sanding sealer on bare wood
Can all whetstones be cleaned?
What is this drill bit?
Can I fix this whetstone?
Wood table treated with raw linseed oil, how to speed up drying?
How often should I sharpen?
Can I use various grits of sandpaper to sharpen an old dull spade bit / bought for .75 for 1 time use
What kind of cfm can I get out of a 1/3 hp motor?
Woodmizer LT40 - smallest diameter of log?
How long the bracket should be with respect to the plywood?
How to store/dry freshly cut lumber (white oak)
Why does my router have countersunk holes on its bottom plate?
What is the minimal spacing between edge of leg pommel and mortise and tenon apron (intersected by tusk tenon)
Wood movement with L-shaped mitred leaning shelf
Can I stack wood finished with Danish Oil while it cures?
using one application for design and milling wood project with CNC
Bleeding bubbles through stain
Jointer safety, is there a minimum length and thickness?
How to cut wood to square it up when both sides are not cut straight?
Easiest joints for 3/4" plywood step?
Why do band saws feed left-to-right?
Laminating Boards For loft Leg
Food Safe Finish for Cutting Board
What screw is best with treated lumber?
Is my 44" Diameter 12' Long Black Oak Log with Wind Shake still usable?
Cut list basics
staining ash hardwood floors
Will unfinished pine work for an unfinished drinking vessel?
Resources for wooden furniture projects without glue, nails or screws
How dangerous is particleboard?
Help creating simple wood table?
Repurposing Round Dining Table
Good wooden handle to hung an axe?
Fix damage to maple table
Edge joint failure - what is the cause?
What is it called when you use screws with a butt joint?
What is the best tool for cutting into a hardwood floor?
Protecting wood without artificial looking finishes
Can shellac be rubbed out?
Dowel vs screwed butt for strongest butt joint in moving structural frame
Tabletop inlay design sources
What finish should I use on wooden jewellery?
Splotchy staining on cherry veneer
Can these tree tunks be used for a small table?
What could I use instead of a froe when cleaving?
How to screw beer tap into wood without cracking
Help identifying some old chairs
Making replicas
Tools needed for drilling holes into the wood?
How many dowels is enough to support this joint?
For wood working purposes what is an acceptable error for blade vertical alignment for a table saw?
prevent wood bending when glue is applied
What are some tricks to flatten twisted and warped lumber boards without removing any material from them?
How best to dry Ebony?
Finishing California redwood for a bed frame?
Stop the "wet look" of top coat on grey wood
Finishing/Buffing/Polishing Redwood Slab with Oil-based Varnish thinned with Danish Oil
What are the standard dimensions for biscuit joints?
What causes dark patches in stained wood?
Techniques for hiding slight gaps in joinery
Salvaging Failed Spar Varnish/Danish Oil Finishing Layers on Redwood Live-Edge Slab
Cross cutting narrow stock using a track saw
Is a bench top jointer better than no jointer?
Is wood-glue enough or should I use extra support?
How to treat tools immediately after de-rusting treatment (molasses)?
Stronger attachment method for B&D Workmate top
What knock down hardware can I use on this platform bed frame?
Reusable Desk design: how to join pieces?
Sanded and stained a pine window shelf... water damaged areas too dark. How to fix?
Refinishing - how to deal with streaking caused by a filler used by a previous owner?
Wood stain coming off wood onto hands
What tools were used to make this toy block?
I have 3 carving tools and do not know what they are used for
Chisel not cutting through grain
How to speed drying of unknown finish in high humidity?
What is this vintage tool?
How to sand round edges
What are these holes in the router base plate for?
How to create a 6" hole template with a 1/4" bit and 5/16" template guide?
how can I make a flush box bottom
Minimum bend radius for hardboard
How do you tell whether a piece of furniture is veneered?
How to join at an angle?
is plywood a good choice for serving tray?
Wood Coasters from Tree Branch finish
Can I avoid spur / knicker marks in dado bottom cut with plough plane (stanley #45)?
How do you create an organic or chiseled edge on a wood slab?
Creating gaming dice from wood
Will table base hold granite top
Trouble flattening a #7 jointer plane
Board Gaming Coffee Table?
Replacing deck boards, frame got rained on
Woodcarving where do i start?
Can this be a very simple cross cut sled with replaceable zero inserts?
Invisible join between two 200x200 beams on a support
Where can i buy really long and thin sheets (ie.4000l x 100w x 4mm) of wood in the UK?
Display Softwood Staff & Cane
Pore/Grain Filler Over Danish Oil
Difference in tongue and groove router bits
Is this reclaimed wood repairable?
How to cut a live-edge log lengthwise at an angle?
Why is metal avoided when joining wood?
Hang paddles on the wall in a X shape
Filling large gaps
How is this engraving obtained?
Is shellac that has been dissolved with methyl hydrate (methanol) toxic, once dry?
Please explain steps to stain/waterproof wood to a novice?
Thicknesser won't engage cutters
Affixing masonite to plywood by example
Is the MT2 Arbor for a Drill Chuck milled incorrectly?
Name for threaded workbench receptacles?
Can I use a 12” granite block for fettling a #5 plane?
How to enlarge a hole behind metal bracket?
performing routing with drill chuck
Need finishing tips for 50 yr old semi rough sawn wood paneling in a living room
Reproducing tenons in semi rough cut timber
Is there a reference for woods similar to exotics?
How do I achieve flush joinery when the pieces need to be stained differently?
Pocket holes vs screwed butt joint
2.20m x 3.80m rectangular frame - will it be stable?
The epoxy hardens extremely slowly - what's the cause?
dylon material dyed wood and watco oil and wax finish on oak
Can I use the filter from a shop vac on my dust collector?
Finishing beech for minimal color change, matte finish
Is making this picture frame do-able?
What happened here? Wood tension?
Loft bed design
Polyurethane clear coat is thickening to a jelly in the can!
What is the best way to build a shelf?
What are the standard dimensions for cabinet making?
How do I set up the INGCO hand plane?
Securing the cable chain on a CNC gantry
Is a "bradder" the same thing as a "brad nailer"?
How to glue hardwood to plywood core door?
How should I attached table top to crossed aprons?
Workbench out of plywood, will it deform significantly with humidity changes?
how do you transfer diameter from caliper to cylinder?
Is this plane any good for anything?
How to make bottom face of beefy table leg flat and square with sides
How to plane boards to the same thickness
Do I need to use epoxy primer on fiberglass/epoxy before painting?
What are the best substitutes when nothing labelled as "Denatured alcohol" can be found in your area?
How to repair breakout at the intersection of two through-mortises (inside the joint)?
Sourcing Wood for non-commercial DIY Projects
Routing a through dado in a small piece of wood
Flattening Warped Table Leaf
Looking for an alternative to this broken stay for a drop leaf
Best way to cut a thin board that resists warping
Just realized our deck was built with CCA pressure treated wood, what shall we do to eliminate or reduce the harm?
full length stiles versus full width rails on doors
Miter saw blade leaves some of its paint on the board
Sharpening Stones for Chisels and Planes (the 1000th time)
Using a larger blade in a table saw (circular saw)
Stains on Hardwood Floor
Square corners in CNC-cut plywood
Tabletop attachment apron slots buttons tightness
What is attached to this rip fence?
Bevel, Chamfering after holesaw cut
Finishing wood slices to an even thickness
Random Orbital Sander rounds table edges
Can a short tusked tenon be reinforced (with dowels)?
How can I evenly distribute small boards of lumber to make a bigger board?
What are some tricks to draw long arcs along a table apron
What is the best tool for leveling boards?
Built-in plywood desk and wood movement
How can I cut a custom height wooden door threshold? Table saw & planer
Can I rub out out water-based wipe-on poly with steel wool?
What should be done to treat decorative wood for outdoor use?
Is there a practical way to cut off a piece of a live edge slab, and then seamlessly rejoin it?
Why is clear epoxy not often used to fill cracks in live edge slabs?
Handsaws for very small flooring project
Optimum base length for wall divider
What are the potential issues with this bench design?
Hinge pin problem in installation
Wood conditioner then stain then oil?
Identification and maintenance of cutting board counter
How can I finish this to protect it from the elements?
What tool can I use to cut/plane a lot of dowel rods?
Is this plane salvageable?
Where can I buy custom cut wood sections for my project?
How to prevent Baltic pine from chipping when cutting
Monkey Bar / Play structure design question
What kind of finishes can kids safely work with and apply?
Using a Jim Miller Tenon Jig
Clear top coat on top of polishing?
Styling dovetail box - tails or pins on front side
Formaldehyde in water-based stains
How do I clean resin residue from router bits
How to know when to apply more tung oil?
Wood to be used for Christmas Colored Flame Yule Logs?
Can I use linseed oil and water-based polyurethane on opposing sides of a 1/2" board?
Need to cut a 1' hole through bookshelf-right tool?
How can I round edges in places where no router, plane or sanding block can reach?
Any reason to add screws if I only want to use glue?
Best finish for outdoor oak wine barrell chairs
What are some good ways to cut 1/8" strips of hardwood?
Does a bandsaw up 18 inches tall or smaller exist?
What happens if I put wood sealant on top of wood finish by accident?
Hanging a picture frame ledge with a keyhole routed slot
Sun damaged polyurethane-finished dining table
Squaring boards with only a #4 plane
Finishing a beech desk top (Ikea Gerton), suitability of tung oil
How to clean clogged sandpaper
Is there a way to extend the length of a dowel blade?
Why do all soft close hinges require 1/2 inch or 12mm holes on the cabinet door?
Painted board coated with shellac
Securing long boards for edge jointing
Polyurethane finish
White deposit in tung oil
Why don't we use cross cut discs for all cuts?
Cutting sawdust relief in sled
Feed direction on a planer/thicknesser
How to cut a double rabbet joint (that looks like two stair steps) for tablet holder?
Should I use spacing between boards on a chunky oak table?
How to be sure that there are no live woodworms in my oak boards?
Should I apply wax on all sides of a table when building one to protect it?
Is stain an acceptable final finish?
What kind and size screws should I use to fix a 5.5cm thick oak table?
Mechanism for old drop arm chaise lounge
Polyurathane issue
How to keep two boards from a table aligned?
Can I black dye gorilla glue and use it to fill cracks in wood instead of black epoxy?
Bandsaw blade comes off no matter what
Can't get square cuts vertically on table saw
How do I carve an inset circle?
When to retreat linseed oil finished wood placed outdoors in moderate rainy climate
Is this shelving wall mounting idea stupid?
Shelves inside cupboard, how to attach to legs?
Can I use a foam roller to spread contact cement for veneering
Joint all sides square?
Adapting Old Craftsman Bench Grinder for CBN Wheels?
Setup bandsaw for straight cut
What is the name of this metalwork for decorating furniture?
Did I get hosed on the price for this ebony?
Salad bowl split?
Spray on Lacquer for Vertical Surface
Flatten warped plywood
How to hide base dados behind box joint corners
Stanley 9 1/4 block plane depth adjuster interferes with lateral adjuster
Staining veneer in humid weather
Is this frame design sturdy enough for a window seat?
Should I “un-dry” wood for a while after oven drying?
Is there a ~#12-5/16 wood screw or lag bolt that can self-tap into wood?
Why is my West Systems epoxy discoloring after sanding
Purpleheart sustainability and environmental responsibility
Spoons from Pinus Sylvestris for my toddler son: is the wood's toxicity significantly harmful?
How much extra thickness should I leave when rough milling green boards?
How to cross cut long board on a table saw
Stain Remaining After Sanding
Polyurethane a box (vertical sides)
Special switch or out of box failure?
Joint types for very thin plywood
Are brass plated screws sufficient to avoid black staining in oak? / Alternatives
Building a Dimensionally Stable Panel Using MDF and Plywood
Should I strip and re-varnish Velux windows when they still look ok?
Mouth of a Plane
Moisture Blushing or Inadequately Mixed Satin Wipe-On Poly?
How to cut a quarter-pipe shaped block of wood?
How do you pick a joint?
Pores on the face of an end grain chopping board
Should we reapply wood conditioner if a piece has been sitting for a few weeks since the last application?
How to finish a section of log for outside?
How can I salvage the ura on my japanese plane blade?
What hinges & supports could I use for a long & heavy plywood window seat lid?
Carving long curved recess
Does a "butcher block" glue-up behave like quarter sawn?
Top coat poly makes other sides rough
How should I protect dyed wood from interior UV light?
Edge glued panels vs. plywood for furniture
What type of hinge is this?
What is this tool called?
Where are Hammer and SCM minimax manufactured
What kind of plane is this?
How likely is it that my kids will break this bench?
Lathe faceplate - ID and use
Replacing hardware store 2x’s in plans with hardwood
How do I fix this part of my desk?
Submerge wood in a barrel to improve it - Is my wife right that this is a bad idea?
Caster/slide for tabletop tray
Oiling Triggers on Power tools?
Vacuum pre-filter for large objects
Rule of thumb for Power Tool Durability
How to cut 2" wide x 1/2" deep slot in 3" x 1" x 1" soft maple?
Calculate the size of furniture which are available in the picture
Creating a curved hole in a piece of wood
how to glue tiny pieces of wood
Staining pine table top how can I get rid of this spot
Water based oil modified polyurethane finish beading when applied over stain on pine
How big should you build cabinets?
What is the best finish for a laser etching on birch veneer plywood?
How do biscuits work?
Does the edge profile of a tabletop really matter?
Does the wattage of the drill have to do with wood working?
Repairing small crack in cutting board
edge of countertop not covered - flood coat
Sealing and reinforcing particle board
Can a bad mouth plane be saved?
In what order should I sand and route my edges?
New to woodworking, appears synthetic wood(?) can't be penetrated by electric drill for adding joints
7' x 7' Resin Shed Base - Plywood on blocks?
How to make a larger rabbet by hand?
What is this sliding cabinet door with "shades" called, and where can I find info on it?
Can I put a clear polyeurethane coat on top of teak oil?
Water-borne finish on red oak and want the natural red colour you get using oil finish
Metal framed wood table, will expansion be an issue?
Antique Dowel Maker?
How to handplane many boards to the same dimensions
Best way to mount bench vise for my particular bench?
Triple bunk bed design safety and difficulty
Stairs-stain color Jacobean Miniwax
How to mount mirror in wood frame that is not square?
Applying finish over furniture repair wax
Trying to determine support weight
Are mortises with angled walls cut the same way as square mortises (handtools)?
Thickness of back-panels, horizontal planks and vertical planks
Monolithic wooden boards vs joint wooden boards
oak has vinegar smell, action needed?
Protective clothing for circular saws?
Can breadboard ends hold together a tabletop without glue?
90 degree butt Versus Pocket screws for cabinet with legs
Joining on an angle
Can you use smaller dimensions of hardwood than softwood and have the same strength?
Endgrain screw withdrawal force
What supports do legs need on a very short workbench
Is Titebond All Purpose White Glue just a diluted version of the Quick & Thick?
Bandsaw guides: Blocks vs. Roller bearings
Am I selecting the correct drill bit for this job?
Restore to originality
Oiling and sanding
Making table leg slightly longer
How to form an indentation in wood to hold candles?
How does Frank Klausz achieve a >90 turn with a turning saw without cleanup when cutting dovetails?
Outdoor teak table and chairs options
Repair warped wood in situ
Polycrylic on Red Oak
What is the name of this kind of joint?
How to flatten out a wavy panel?
Blotchy clear coat water based poly on natural finish
Info on 1980's Black and Decker contractor saw with rack & pinion fence?
What is an safe and effective way to remove bark from a burl without damaging the rest of the wood?
How to plane the end of a through tenon without damaging surrounding area?
Finishing Red Cedar Tabletop
Is this mask sufficient to filter polyurethane fumes?
How to fill in holes and gaps after applying polyurethane
Help me get started
Strength of oak versus maple
What features should I look for when buying my first circular saw?
Morse taper #2 to #1 converter
What problems might occur attempting to glue wood that hasn't been fully seasoned?
Should I use a track saw to cut through 2x12 lumber?
How do I smooth and fill in the C side of ACX plywood?
What kind of wood is appropriate for a cast iron bench?
Is there too wide a board to use for an end grain cutting board?
How to stop surface planer from scooping work piece ends
How do you drill concentric holes of different diameters on a drill press?
What features should I look for when buying my first drill?
Spreading water-based Varathane that is 3 times thicker
What's the name of this hinge?
What is the name of doors that open everywhere by being pushed on in only one part?
Remove white paint from old wood fence
Table saw blade wobbles, don't think it's the arbor
Choice of sanding sealer to avoid blotching (shellac vs cellulose)
Choice of marking knives
How to prevent epoxy from running out of wood voids
Cleaning grime from kitchen cabinets
Wood expansion vs. steel
What are the metal inserts which accept adjustable screws called?
Hysteresis in wood moisture content?
Wood floor movement mechanism
Install Door Frame and Bifold Doors
Crosscutting a tabletop after glue up on a table saw
Should I use Full Overlay or Half Overlay hinges?
Reinforcing chipboard
How to fix wood pieces on corks
For how much time are fumes from freshly polished wood furniture toxic and must be aired out & presence avoided?
How do you make 45 degree cuts in herrigbone cutting boards?
How to account for wood movement in a curved chest lid
Finishing (varnish) in winter
Table Saw without ability to lower blade
Wax Oil finish on linseed finish
base for "standing table" strong enough?
Minimum table saw precision for project work?
How can i calculate a cfm for the dust collector
Epoxy bar top finish over boiled linseed oil
Power tool for cutting roof battens
Arm for heavy TV
CNC-Vcarve: 45° Bevel on 3/4" Board with 1/2 v-Bit
Gradual upgrade of dust collection ducting
Oil finishing exposed surface only?
Precise 90 degree cuts on small pieces
Recommendations for a 3’ diameter wooden pipe?
Choosing a finish for a tusk/key/wedge that stays put
End-grain cutting block surface smoothness
Strength For Dowels
How might I fix wobble in my studio desk build?
Easy drawer joints for plywood
Plywood sealer paint coated
Accidentally applied polyurethane instead of wood pre-conditioner. Now what?
Good joints for a feral cat house
How to fix a bent piece of pine plywood?
Food Stain on Polycrylic Cabinet
Is There a Drill Grip for a Typical Dewalt Drill?
How do I get the blade-guard out of the way for a plunge cut with a Dewalt circular saw?
How to achieve a rounded edge on a thick panel of solid, hard wood
Multiple cross cuts
Bending Wood: is it easier to bend fast or slow growing ash
Removing excess key from Inside of box
Table saw setup - calibration?
Help me identify this hand plane
making shellac darker / tinting shellac
Wood selection and thickness for a laminate workbench top
A beginner's question about sanding, stain, and polyurethane for a SMOOTH finish
Lumber crayon versus crayola...what's the difference?
Redwood for bar countertop. Glossy finish questions
Why do we use slats to make outside swing shutters?
How do I attach these wooden hexagons together?
Is MDF adequate for a cyclorama build?
What can you put on a joint to make it just a little tighter?
Advice on narrow CNC angles
Antique woodwork in 120 year old Victorian
What is this hand tool with handles similar to a spokeshave? It has different selectable profiles around the edge of a disc
Is there danger of combustion using raw flax / linseed oil for platform bed?
How to remove staining caused by a clamp
Any diy glue or epoxy alternative strong enough to hold bamboo bicycle frame joints?
Make room for wires in wooden block
Tips and Ideas for Hand Planing a 11,950 N board keeping it simple
What is the name of that milling technique
How to prevent plane from clogging?
How to make a mitre cut along the width of a board with hand tools
Create a recess that nearly traverses the wood
Is an in-feed extension for a table saw useful?
Should I put mineral oil or wax on an axe head to stop it from rusting?
Hand plane gouging wood even with fine adjustments
How to Joint a board
Options for filling drill holes
advice for glue-and-screw butt joint
If I make a stool from this composite (?) wood, will it end in tears?
Is it possible straighten (unbend) a piece of coconut shell. Steaming it or heating it?
What finish would work for a bathroom basin table?
Which weight bearing knockdown joints
What spiral bit cutting diameter to cut 1 inch wide pocket into hardwood using CNC router
Dust collection for my shop
Options for splitting a slab?
Clear coat over epoxy?
Broken plane sole - any fix?
Will diluting PVA glue increase its open time?
Broken Fence Post Fix?
How soon should I cut up new wood?
How to make dowelling jigs without metal bushings?
How do I stop cracking noises from my pergola?
Matching a cheap yellow finish on oak
How to clamp very thin wood for planing
Evenly deepen a rounded hinge mortise
Water based poly super sensitive scratches white with simply grazing it?
Best way to glue two finished surfaces
Solid wood top to solid wood sides
How are these toolmarks happening, and how to prevent / get rid of them?
Filling cracks and imperfections on a cutting board
How do I remove an unknown polymer from untreated wood?
Refinishing over different polyurethane
I want solution to make straight from bend my mdf shutters
What is this antique wood object? Approx 10" long
Does anyone know what this wood wedge is for? Approx 7" Long
Any suggestions on filling gaps in wood flooring? - Pine Tongue Groove
Tung oil stain resistance
Repurpose solid beech flooring
Repair / Restore Veneer Covered Table
how to re-adhere veneer before refinishing
Flower Press with 1/8" thick plywood
Edge joining three 6' 2x10" and 4 sturdy hairpin legs for a dining table, is it sturdy enough?
Most durable foodsafe finish to highlight chatoyancy
rabbet cut from middle of board along length
Flat spline for curves
What is this 8-tooth 10" circular saw blade intended for?
Can one apply dark shellac over light shellac (satisfactorily)?
Calculating length of sides of angled box
Joining HDF panels and pine frame for good
Hand planing punky wood
Dovetailed spine?
Minimum Plywood Thickness for small "crate"
Recommended finish to preserve older marquetry artwork
How hard is it to replace a hollow-core door with a solid one?
Is it possible to repair scratches to this sort of wear?
How long do I have to wait for glue to dry before staining?
Touching up Guitar Body
What solids content does a hardwearing wood / floor stain need to have?
How to saw wood without the final splitting?
Cutting rabbets with a table saw against the fence
Tips for reducing sandpaper loading on drum sander
Choosing a plunge router by power
Douglas fir stair treads spots not staining?
Suggestions on improving an elevated-bed project?
Sliding miter saw's kerf too wide at one end of board
Removing black stuff from polishing pads
Help me identify this Bullnose 75 plane
How to choose an epoxy?
Sawstop CNS vibrating / slipping when slowing down
Routing With a Dremel
Can I use Teak Oil instead of linseed oil for my needs?
What would be a suitable finish for a board game
waterproof an outdoor lettered sign
Which way of joining is stronger?
Are CNC mills as good as human wood carvers?
Semi-gloss finish over pure Tung oil
What to do after staining table and getting dark streaks
Very Sticky Ikea Wood Benchtop, solution?
Design: Creating a table with removable center/top
Backing oak with fir in cabinetry
Twisted carving in legs or balusters
Support for solid wood tabletop with galvanized tube frame
How to cut a parallel groove on three dimensional profile
how much teak wood required in cubic feet
pine panels with minor cupping suitable for dovetails?
Router planing jig problem - tracks
What does a hex nut say about the age of a butcher block?
How to clean sharpening stone in wood case?
What tool is this?
Miter Frame with Bowed Stock (which side best facing out?)
Twist in board after glue up!
Making a 25” deep butcher block counter deeper
Solid wood furniture faces expand at different rates?
How to prevent joint gaps after applying glue
Wood Lathe Safety Drive Center: Correct Usage?
Why a 5hp 14" table saw?
What is an efficient way to re-use jars containing old shellac for storing new shellac?
Eclipse style honing guide changing blade geometry & preventing tight mouth setting on planes
Hinge Identification, Usage, and Limitations
Biesemeyer style fence moves when locking it down
Cutting board wax?
Lathes and cutting machines: sharpness versus hardness
Alternative to Bosch T 308 BOF for tight curve in 18 mm MDF
cutting wood trim
Would a dovetail key(s) in a beveled (mitered) chest panel be adequate strength for a larger box?
Filling crack in walnut table top
Making wood filler? - Pine + Glue
Can wood be "dyed" transparent?
Design: Adjustable/Collapsible Wooden Table Leg
Hot tub lid, use paint or oil to seal wood?
Is shellac really a "universal binder"?
Is this a bad cerusing job?
What does methyl bromide look like on timber?
Joinery Suggestions
What is the purpose of the side handle on a hand ("eggbeater") drill?
Multiple Half-lap Jig for Grid Work
Why my pda 180 bosch sander doesn't move?
Refinishing teak patio table
Table saw cross cut on panel
Threaded wood insert for Beech Hardwood
CNC router bit to cut french cleat?
Cribbage Peg Slot Metal Slider/Cover?
What about using cedar for toy puzzles and blocks?
What can cause cracks in painted pine?
seem to be allergic to unfinished wood in the drawers of my new bedroom set
Looking at attaching metal legs to a table top
Dust collection for Bosch sliding miter saw
Will a tabletop bolted to slotted angle brackets have problems with wood movement?
Best way to scab joists for bridge
Filling cracks with epoxy after Tung oil
Refinishing an "antique" storm door
PLEASE HELP BLOTCHY STAIN JOB
Does the final coat of a Danish Oil finish need to be wiped?
How long before polyurethane finish on desktop is dry?
How is the mekugi for a katana shaped by traditional methods?
Turning blade 45 degrees - Steton saw
Doweling technique - can they be applied in two stages?
Desk with hidden space underneath
How to address a failed glue up?
How to fix a gap in plywood screwed joint
Long lasting exterior shutters
What wood can I use to make a jewelry box with a scroll saw?
How to make a desk grommet without a lathe?
Turning chisel handle templates?
Reducing collet 3/8" - 1/4"
Why are portable table saws bad for "fine woodwoorking"?
How to produce lumber from logs?
How Much Weight Can a 1inch x 11inch Dowel Hold/Support?
I'm looking for a good finish for goblets and shot glasses
How can I make the 1/2 inch tip of 3/4" dowels maybe 1/16 of an inch thinner so they fit in a coupling?
Knots bleeding through deck sealer
Router, how make a deep plunge cut?
Need help with design of entryway bench joinery
Transparent oil or other substance which does not darken wood
Oil based stain over water based fire retardant
Electric chainsaw mill
How can I determine when a linseed oil finish has cured?
How to make out-of-square cabinet square?
Fresh sawn oak sleepers deck
New Orleans style Exterior Wood Shutters
Are there square-taper drill bits larger than 1-1/2" for hand braces?
How to set up a Veritas Basic Grinding jig with short chisels
Replace porch boards (2x6) with composite
How to cleanup diamond plate efficiently?
How to properly use dye or sawdust to color epoxy for filling voids in wood
Table saw, possible replacement queries
Best way to hollow-out mantle (at least 4" deep)
How to create a pyramidal panel for a door?
Best way to hide counter sunk screws
Sap problem on the top and shelf of an outside bar
What Screw Should I Use For Fasten a 3/8th Steel Flat To A 4x4?
How to soundproof the Wood Shop?
Spindle moulder blocks and cutters
Problem with different tins of the same stain
What is Old English Scratch Cover?
how to make a new drum
Sealing a Stained Poplar Bed Frame
Question about yellow stain around wood plugs
Keeping dowels from getting stuck in high humidity
Use planer to even out edge sawn with scroll saw?
How to refinish artificially textured surface?
White Cedar, how to seal/stain to make look similar to its original light color?
Tung oil does not dry
CNC Router square internal corners
How is a mirror rebated into a wooden frame?
Flush trim pattern router bit
What is the height of the dewalt dw745 table saw on compact stand?
How to freshen wooden box
How many 6mm dowels to support a shelf of a given weight?
Will waterproof toolbox prevent rust
Do modern glues make dovetails obsolete?
Wood Still Rough After Finish
35 year old D.R. Dimes windsor chairs need freshening up
Is support on three sides of a long poplar bookshelf enough?
Can I use a hidden wedge tenon joint in 2"thick pine?
What is the material that goes over Bathroom cupboards to give it a plastic shine look?
How do cabinet makers achieve seamless joins
What can a plunge router do that a fixed router cannot?
When sharpening 3/8" chainsaw chains, do you use the same file for 3/8" low-profile as you'd use for regular?
How to fix white splotches on pine from wood filler?
Lacquer, persistent brush marks
Best wood species for extreme bends?
Stabilizer or hardener for handmade wooden canes
Are lacquer re-coats supposed to dissolve/remove pinhole bubbles?
What glaze or surface treatment to repair this bar?
Mortise before or after glue up (laminated legs)?
Extract snapped screw buried in wood (not just stripped head)
Problem with walnut finish
True up small piece of wood
When can I sand water based polyurethane?
Woodworking shops in Montreal,Canada
Working with Green wood
How flat is flat enough when laminating boards?
Suggestions for finishing a pine/mahogany sword
Repair split wood at hinge on blanket chest?
How do I fix a wobbly bench?
DIY: Cheap pro tools or expensive DIY variant
Percent error of a cut
How can I bevel the edge of a large disc?
Finding dents before the finish
Sanding small corners of panel doors when refurbishing
Questions about making mirror frame
Glue-up for butcher block-style countertop
How to straighten bowed wood outdoors
What is this rotating joint called? Where can I find one?
Wooden dowel rod for wall hangings
Table top attachment with aprons on only two sides
Plunge router base plate has a bit sticking out - why?
Removing shiny poly from Aromatic Cedar to restore natural appearance
What is the purpose of a fireplace mantel?
Is it possible to reinforce my plywood table?
How to re-seal a kitchen chair seat
Should I use a router before or after my finish is done?
Can I remove existing wood finishes using a jointer or planer without damaging the cutting knives?
Safe to make a cable organisation box out of wood?
Strength of board from squared branches as opposed to trunk wood
dark stain for a mantle
How to calculate the angle for the legs?
How can I darken a stained finish without sanding/stripping?
Is it feasible to use furring strip to create a large frame?
Replacement of plywood on open deck above garage
Are sharpening jigs reasonably universal?
What kind of woods can I use to make a wooden model car?
2-part dust collector, loss of CFM or not?
Do I need to sand off old finish completely before applying polyurethane?
How to smooth out final polyurethane coat?
What kind of sander is best to refinish polished, hardwood table top?
Remove old oil stains from oak table before refinishing
What strong options are there to join these pieces?
How to prevent short off-cuts from flying everywhere?
Turned-leg bench: splayed or straight?
Swing Door Distance
When is using melted wax filler preferred over wood putty?
Threaded inserts
