Can I use my earth-changing invention to hide in orbit?
Deaf aliens interpreting sound waves
How human-like can a badger sound?
How big can the leviathan and kraken really be?
Is there any generally useful magic that can be done if all it could do was violate the Third Law of Thermodynamics?
Trust Magic and combat
movement of space animals
How deep can the ocean plausibly be?
Is Honesty always the best policy? What could go wrong if a society valued honesty over every other virtue?
Where is the best place to start taking over the world?
How would a city with high defences fare against airborne creatures?
What would happen if time travelers brought assault weapons to 17th-century Ireland?
Low-tech Underwater Weaponry
Psychology and sociology in my Earth Changing underwater community
How to ensure that after Example-Eduards reign the power he gained will not be missused?
FTL Perspective
Smiling at aliens - bad idea?
Where would a "Magic gland" go for full-body saturation of magic?
Is "Psychoactive effect" the correct term?
How would a gravity disruption affect the world when ground zero is Antarctica?
Is it possible to change the ocean levels after blowing up a continental land bridge?
Steps to prepare for the Apocalypse
Where would fauns/satyrs fit on a taxonomic tree?
USA peaceful in 50 years
What modifications are needed for my sea creature to able to hold its breath for weeks?
How would the history of American colonization by Europeans differ, if the Native Americans were immune to the new diseases?
Comprehensive textbook on modern military hardware?
How would you explain eclectic connections between magics, colors and inter-magic interactions?
What if the Planck constant was exactly zero?
Do mermaids lay eggs underwater or give birth to live young?
Would future combat submarines come with jet propulsion thruster?
Effect on our climate if gravity got lowered by alien tech
An underwater creature that could take down a boat
How would it affect the universe if the W boson was massless?
What might mini submersible dogfights be like?
How would shell-headed children retract their bodies?
Adult's mind in a child's body, how will it think differently?
Single Direction Communication to the Future
Cephalopods Inherit the World
Size of a world with airships
Does mermaid evolution come with buoyancy control?
Would an average seawater mermaid be any larger than its freshwater counterparts?
Cartilaginous mermaid or bony mermaid best for adapting underwater?
How do mermaids' ears work?
How to explain a mermaid's tail morphing into legs and vice versa?
Artificial Intelligence Reincarnation break cycle
How mermaids watch news live on TV underwater if conductivity of sea water affect electromagnetic signal?
How do mermaids perform major surgical procedure underwater?
How do mermaids map ocean currents?
Mermaid architecture
New race of humans found
What single change would have given the best chance for the Axis to win World War 2?
Save London From a Sudden Glacial Melting?
Anatomically Correct Golem
Can you impale someone with a spine?
Would it be possible for an organism to evolve a biological fusion reactor?
What would happen to a planet 10x the size of Jupiter, if there was a golf ball sized black hole in its core?
How to achieve exceptional cognitive talent across multiple subjects to ace SAT College Admission Exam in > 12 months
with $2million what kind of survival kit would you bring to a prehistoric earth like medieval world with dragons, dinosaurs and uneducated populace?
How could I start a crowdfunding campaign in order to Terraform Venus?
What adaptations would a water-dwelling species need to survive by primarily hunting pre-industrial humans?
How much of an effect would there be on WW2 if Pearl Harbor never happened?
Modern technology during WW2, can it be powered safely?
Ancient Aliens in the New World, when do Europeans find out?
Impact of a modern man with a graphing calculator being dropped into WW2?
What happened when my scientist drilled a hole through Europa's "crust"?
What would make good clothing for an underwater species?
Portable nuclear reactor that can be brought to medieval age
Convert radioactivity directly into electricity: Possible or not?
Would it be possible for a large inland area to have a groundwater system with cenotes, rather than rivers?
What would be the consequences of the boiling temperature of water suddenly becoming 200°C or 1000°C?
How many people can live on the oxygen provided by Earth?
What approach will we use to ensure creating Hard AI will benefit humanity
How confident will we be in our ability to ensure specifics of Hard AI programing
Bronze age Aztecs?
Could a universe with a reverse of the uncertainty principle be self consistent?
Looking for a map of mythological Ancient Greece
Alternative ways a vampire might 'turn' a human
Substances created via quantum-level manipulation possible? How are they distinguishable from "normal" ones?
Could a universe with something like special relativity based on position instead of velocity be logically consistent?
What should I consider when I make a wiki encyclopedia for a world?
How would a war effort arise in a race of intelligent solitary dragons?
How to make legged fighting vehicles (mecha) viable?
How could an underwater civilization develop electricity?
Infinite tube world
Could a time-travelling doctor produce a bacterial vaccine?
Why would PMCs be in politically-unstable places, as opposed to waiting in comfort to be called?
What are the parameters of a planet having multiple moons?
What if we lived near a boundary of the universe?
How did pirates board a ship before gunpowder?
How to tag each parallel universes?
Anatomically Correct Santa
Liquid universe: The beginning
Can humanity discover Monsters world?
World with only one habitable, off-center quadrasphere/quadrant
What are the necessary phenomenons/effects needed to create laser destructive enough to burn steel (103mm thickness) in its path with a single sweep
What kind of historic event would precipitate a worldwide corporate dystopia?
Polar Solar: A world on its side
Is there a biochemical that can change color AND emit light?
Justification for ambiguous poetic prophecy
How long would take for a besieged city to collapse?
The long-term ramifications of Fantasy Gun Control
Is there any way to truly protect an idea?
NPCs discover they are in a video game. Do they let the PCs know?
Anatomically Correct Hecatoncheires
Is music weaponizable for small-scale melee fighting?
Portals to Parallel Earths: Economic Effects
Would there be any way to produce a force that follows a sinosoidal law?
Saving the most lives without butterfly effects
Why bother with solar and wind power if nuclear fusion is very promising?
What would a hard boundary mean in physics on the quantum-mechanical level?
Where to hide the Illuminati?
What single change would have given the best chance for the Soviets to win the Cold War?
Big farm production?
Hot and Cold Reversed - Where should the line be drawn to prevent making the Earth uninhabitable?
Super human physics: Iceman blocking bullets
Are four lungs possible and what would their effects be?
What services could a time traveller offer a medieval king?
Geography in a universe with 4 spatial dimensions
Is it in any way possible to make a habitable (or colonize-able) corkscrew planet?
Hard SF (not magical) Vampire
"Peace through superior firepower" Why is it so effective and how to employ it in medieval fantasy times without the direct use of magic?
Would geographical borders exist in a near-future world ruled by corporations instead of nation-states?
What changes would we see in humans genetically engineered for combat?
Would increased language education result in less language changes?
How could an underwater civilization develop fire?
Bay evaporated by a volcano
Effect of an enormous waterfall on regional climate and ecosystem
What would physics be like in a wrap-around universe?
Making tools, with your mouth!
Who would win with currently available technology, a Commander from 500 years ago, against one 500 years from now?
Metal foam for space constructs
Which is a more effective strategic weapon/deterrent in a medieval fantasy world. A flying ship or a super gun or spellarms?
What would have the impact been on WWII had Germany had a more sizable U-Boat fleet at the start?
Best dinosaur species to have as a pet?
What would society be like if Mate Or Die was in effect for humans and mating also gave the inability to die of old age?
How to artificially inseminate a very particular dragon?
Political debate resulting from USA considering switching to an opt-out policy for organ donation after death
The really really big mountain
Climbing a ladder in zero g
Could edible fish live in a large water tank used as a radiation shield on a spacecraft?
Projecting on the night sky
How to create accurate map with white spaces?
Bullet Acceleration
How would modern society react if Mate Or Die was in effect for humans and mating also gave unaging?
What would be the closest thing we could get to "Cold Fire"?
How will this alien society be changed by advancing biomedical technology?
What would the social implications of two intelligent humanoid species on Earth be?
What would be a series of events such that modern adolescence isn't altered much if every human gained the ability to travel through shadows?
Regenerating Skeletal Lizards
Effects of Higher Gravity & Thinner Atmosphere - Geography
Evolution of spacecraft with advent of cheap and effective payload launch
How would a world in which there are intellectual nations function?
A technique to convince everyone?
Adding weightless length to a blade
Everything Joe says is true. How can he get around it?
How would a "tornado-surfer" protect himself?
If humans were grown to maturity how long would it take?
What mathematical function would describe the relationship between two moons?
Explaining high tech gadgets in an ancient world?
Volcanic Debris Clouds In Planet's Low Orbit?
Would it be possible for insects to evolve colonies of colonies?
Could a habitable planet form with no major bodies of water?
How would Facebook Sysadmins prevent the summoning of Cthulhu?
How were people outcasted in the 17th century?
Could life form in a universe without galaxies?
Scientifically plausible lightsaber
How lethal is a gunshot in world where rapid healing is available?
Psychological effect of rapid magical healing on soldiers during a battle?
Convention for Healers during a war where some rapid healing is available?
How to take down the internet?
Government sponsored bad luck
How might an intelligent and scientifically-minded RPG protagonist optimize their world?
What if Santa does not want Norad to track him?
How much does Santa's sleigh weigh?
Santa exists. How do we react?
Is there a drive for a spacecraft that produces decent acceleration?
How would rapid healing affect modern small scale combat tactics and weapons?
day and night cycle
How much freedom should I use in my worldbuilding?
What would be the best way to fight a duel with lightsabers?
How can the NSA capture Santa Claus?
Dragons and aviation bureaucracy, part 4: Studying for the PPL
Is artificial intelligence really possible?
How many of a Typical Sci Fi Army would you need to take a planet?
If we had four digits on each hand
What would be the best fighting styles for a humanoid with a low center of gravity?
What could we do with a room with its own passage of time?
How to accomplish planetary independence
What is the most effective strategy to defeat a planet?
Real Life Zohar
How much warning would a civilization have that a nearby star was about to go supernova?
How does Santa keep the elves from revolting?
What earth conditions would make a permanent bronze-colored sky?
How to discourage infighting for royalty (in regards to succession)?
Would dolphins declare war on humans?
How to fulfill a wish without causing a lot of troubles
Flat world and water
What natural conditions would make a permanent red sky?
Will my worlds not be salty enough to support animal life?
Can a sapient species evolve that needs little or no sleep?
Let children vote! In a way
Work and life schedules in human made enviroment without a sun to drive day night schedule?
How would something faster than light be affected by a black hole?
How similar to earth could a planet which experiences a permanent day be?
How would a Dragon society, separated from a human society for 500 years, up until the modern day, have advanced differently?
How would a world composed entirely of androids evolve?
What would cause a supermassive plateau that sticks out of the ocean
How do sorcerers attempt to prevent common people, or other sorcerers, from duplicating their spell scrolls?
Optimal way of galaxy destruction ?
What are the advantages of exposed bridge on spacecraft?
How to make nuclear armour?
How to defeat exact copy of yourself?
How else would a two headed human differ from us?
Universe where mathematics is different
Is it theoretically possible to use electromagnetic, RF or heat energy to produce a ship forcefield?
Military tactic - Is it common practice to leave witness of defeat?
How to assassinate Martian separatist from Earth?
How can a small country exploit breaking HTTPS to destory a larger country while growing its own strength?
World Creation - Demographics
How to prevent tiny mistake in 'programmable language' magic spell causing horrible disasters?
Corporate Sabotage Mission: The Fork Bomb
Politically correct term for *Mutant*
How to safely wish?
Human-sized insects - What bodily difference from smaller scale species?
How would martial arts specialize to take advantage of human sexuality-based musculoskeletal differences, especially in women?
New inhabited invisible island appears - how do they make first contact legally?
How can an alien meet the president of the USA without attracting attention?
How could 1BC Earth speed up communication across vast distances?
What would happen if I tried to buy the entire Russian stock market?
Fluid dynamics: emptying a chasm
How much land area do my land-based animals (herbivores) need for food?
How to construct an accent that sounds twice as German?
How to create a holy, happy earth without human death?
Can a civilization subsist forever
Impact of a Nimitz-class carrier in hypothetical past wars
How can a clairvoyant do good and at the same time protect himself?
How to put self in the world while pleasing atheists?
Supersonic bow and its wielder
Resolving the issue with aetherealspace
Physic nature of a real lightsaber
What metal or compounds will make blood silver?
What would have happened if Guiseppe Garibaldi had died before he could begin unifying Italy?
Everything Joe says is true. How can he most help humanity?
Social effect of ability to predict the date but not the occasion
Temperatures on a planet with long days
Planet that allows subterranean orbits
Is there any planet modelling software?
Technological applications of light only wormholes
Defining and Balancing Entropic Magic
In what form can data survive the longest time?
Avoiding Space Debris
Is it illogical to have a species that goes through two metamorphoses and ends as an asexual being?
Could a human civilization never invent the wheel?
Impacts of a Large Canyon
Chainmail's making a comeback
Advantages of a flame sword?
Can you become a hitman if you can control Attention?
Mind-reading technology
What could be the reason for enmity between two races?
How does Santa protect himself from IP lawsuits?
Can I use my Earth changing invention to help out Santa?
How do Santa and the reindeer survive delivery night?
Feudal Title Inheritance
What advice could a time traveller give for use of an atomic bomb to end WW2 while minimizing loss of life or later nuclear brinkmanship
Help in choosing between two variants of entropic magic
Would it make sense to have the Earth Scaled Up?
What would happen if everyone in the world desired equally to start a business?
Could this animal rule supreme?
How different would the world be without WWI nor WWII
Why do we need Trains?
Maximum price gaps of commodity between two cities
How to make the most wealth out of a single "Groundhogday Potion"?
Santa is Satan, but why?
Turing incomplete magic, avoiding computers in world where magic is programmable
Sending a book to the past to give humanity artificial light technology
Upside of the Third Reich
How could a creature like this evolve?
Could I justify magic with knowledge?
If the US knew nuclear brinkmanship was inevitable would they be willing to back a treaty to limit nukes while they were the sole nuclear power?
Effects of continuous but varying levels of precipitation?
What would happen to a high-pressure creature in a low-pressure atmosphere? (3atm)
Santa is a time traveller. How does he not violate causality?
Help on designing a castle to defend a large wall
Robotic Micro Assembler Santa
If Santa can time travel, why does he need elves to make toys?
What would happen to a high-pressure creature in a low-pressure atmosphere (50atm)?
What would happen if there were a cheap, instant, complete test for sexually transmitted diseases?
How can one "under-average Joe" fight monsters?
Math World Zones
What is the right size for a technologically advanced species?
Is it scientifically possible to make a robot invisible to the naked eye?
Anatomically Correct Elemental
"You have that power too"
How much does my secondary star heat the planet orbiting my primary star?
Fantasy world where shapism is normal but racism is not
What if smoking suddenly became much more lethal?
One day, China suddenly stops all exports. What happens to the world economy?
What would happen if every human female turned into a cat?
When would a species with 100% correct intuition cease all inquiry?
How deep underground should a data center on Earth's moon be, to be comparably safe to one on Earth?
How does Santa avoid Heart Attacks from bad cholesterol?
What would happen in a society where people would die when they have immoral thoughts or actions?
What is the term for Lovecraft's 'Justification'
What's a realistic (pessimist) timeframe for colonization of the inner Solar System?
How big could a city possibly get?
How does Santa afford the materials to make the toys?
Giant Insects Made Plausible - Nymph Gills to Pseudo Lungs
What if there was no coffee anymore?
Are there any real-world ingested poisons with these characteristics?
How can Santa exist when kids are cryogenically grown until adulthood
Storing meat on the outside of a spacecraft
Government's reaction to the world's first time traveler
Piracy and generational starships
The possibilities of infinite energy?
North Korea invents nuclear fusion; world domination?
What would the eyes of a cave-dwelling race be like?
Clockwork vehicles
A teacher can be a cheater, but why?
Would relatively primitive people really confuse technology with magic?
How much energy is required to hold a helicopter?
What would a Christian calendar look like?
Genetically engineered de-evolution
Is my "flying fish" world plausible?
What If We Had More Iron?
Using magnetic repulsion to build zombie-proof building
Life In A Virtual World
How to heat your house by being naughty
Launching a Generation Ship
Size of time loop required for development
Space exploration is awesome, but why pay for it?
How to hide from the world that you are a "Groundhogger"?
A semi-realistic system of psionics based on nanotech and dark energy?
Weaponising a city
Magic trope uses *entropy* not energy
Collaborative Worldbuilding sites or tools?
My program designed to be resistant to malware and DOS attacks isn't letting me turn it off. What do I do?
Would a telescoping sword be plausible?
A habitable planet made of gas?
Wormhole inside a human brain?
Castle surrounded by lava
From where will Santa deliver after North Pole melts?
How Earth can defend herself in a future war with Mars?
Is gravity well crucial for interplanetary warfare?
How would an anthropomorphic humanoid ant race evolve communication?
could different bloods of the same metal type mix?
Would different types of blood (AB-, O+...) have different nutrients for vampires?
Which is better for vampires: fresh blood or frozen?
Can a human survive getting back stripped down blood?
Bringing potatoes to the middle ages
Dungeons in a Medieval fantasy
Would the death of 50% of the human population drastically reduce carbon dioxide levels?
What is the best way to use my two portals?
If the Moon Titan Orbits Earth
Could two stars of equivalent mass/size form a binary system and be different colors?
Could a planet different to ours support this species?
How would a planetary ring of impact debris affect the development of civilization?
Attenuation of a laser in space?
Could Two Planets Form A Binary System?
In this scenario, which natural disaster is more likely?
Geomagnetic interaction
How Does Steel React to Ice?
Decompression sickness vs man who has teleportation ability
How many nanobots can I have in my blood?
What human-induced disaster could cause permanent fog in an area the size of New York City or larger?
The world is ending, how to convince/force chosen ones to come quietly?
What role does the Merchant caste play in society?
Magic and the Legal System
What would humans look like if they had evolved to live in Russia
What Is The Minimum Size Of A Planet To Harbor Human Life?
Dragon evolving from humanoid: Ice dragon
Earth after mass extinction event by asteroid
In a world with common magic, which would you use for physical labor: a human, or a horse?
Is it (practically) possible to determine the stellar coordinates of a planet from a photograph of the night sky?
If Venus mission finds life, will we shift our attention from Mars to Venus?
The government of China, Russia and the USA fall, what happens next?
How would people tell time if it was always day?
Making a machine more human by making it race-condition prone. Is it enough?
Could a world exist if endless "3D printing" was possible?
How does a world with rings expand into space
Temperature changes in a planet with much larger ice caps
How would an average citizen be able to tell that civilization is about to decline
What can we do with unlimited (but uncontained, single-source) food production?
Transporting/storing information within the human body (other than brain)
Designing a traffic system for flying cars
Growing magical creatures tissues in vitro
Manhattan Pyramid...In a Life After People
Human able to go inside alternate world, how to prevent decay of civilisation
How many solar panels would it take to totally encapsulate our sun?
Instantly grow new limbs
What would do more to advance the status of women?
Currency for a spacefaring society other than credits/bitcoins
Naming Characters In a New World
Wingless Dragons?
The nature of Computer-Gaming in a Steampunkish world?
Magical internet - unique addressing system
Could crash survivors on an island for months smelt and craft iron tools?
How much United States military power depends on the West Coast and Pacific territories?
Reactions of scientists on Mars quick transformation
What is the color of the sky in a hollow earth?
Can an interstellar war be remunerative from an economic point of view?
"Life post-Singularity", or "How to survive without Instagram"
Being the Warden to the Correctional Prison Planet called Slearth, What types of rules would you regulate?
How to put satellites in orbit on my ringed world?
How can the President of the United States make a lot of money without doing anything illegal or bad to his reputation?
How can I connect the rotating portion of my space craft to the non-rotating?
Would it be possible to build helicopters without knowledge of radio transmission technology?
How large a bioengineered mobile lifeform could exist on Earth?
Laser communication between stealth ships
Implications of extremely strong composite materials?
Would self-flying cars fly?
What would happen if the black hole at the center of a galaxy was removed?
Given an "indestructible" material used for armor - what are ways to explain that material not being used as a weapon as well?
Equations or process to determine the result of a collision between two objects?
Most effective strategy for surviving the zombie apocalypse?
What makes a monster or creature scary?
If Earth had an ellipsoidal moon, would that change tides and such?
What environments would be best for a robotic AI lifeform?
How would today's nations respond to a nationless organization setting a colony on the moon?
Could (and how would) life develop and survive in a place of 24 hours of darkness?
What if the laws of mathematics were different in a parallel universe?
Temperature on a 14-days day planet
Multiple star system near Sun: better choices
Is a dayless, moonlit, icy world possible?
The Curtain Wall in the 19th Century
How could mankind reach a situation where space travel is easily accessible to many people but no one is interested in leaving the planet?
Are enormous metal space whales possible?
Any Better Alternatives to Steel?
What environment would support an electric alien species?
What would cause a planet to be continually dim, yet still have heat?
Repulsive Universe
Multiple DNA, one creature
How large would a space civilization have to be to build computers from scratch?
How could a medieval king convince an old enemy to help him in war?
What would an Earth with no timezones be like?
Wearing a cape during combat?
Why are some monasteries so remote?
Duplicate Earth and Moon, where should I put it?
What common chemical/physical reactions would, in an atmosphere composed of ~20% Oxygen and ~80% Argon, behave differently than on Earth?
Anatomically Correct Nanaue
What would the physical properties of this planetary system be?
High-Altitude Life?
What are the social and economic implications of giving everyone $4.33 million?
What physiological trait would make it impractical for someone to wear flat shoes?
Cutting down giant trees
Pew Pew Lasers! What would directed energy weapons actually sound like?
Materials for a nanofabricated giant monster
'star factory' that a planet orbits?
What pattern should a creature take when choosing victims?
What happens if money vanishes if not spent?
If people had magic powers, how would it affect slavery?
What would happen if a country weighted voting in inverse proportion to wealth?
What would happen if inflationary currency was given to the people?
Slowing the Heat Death of the Universe
Exploding the world as a planetary escape plan
When creating a Pangaea for fantasy should it have all the real biomes?
Effect of red giant phase on the Solar System
What would an isolated undead community look like?
How to survive a bio epidemic?
Viability of an amphibianesque species?
Would a city accept costly taxes and monarchy for protection's sake?
How does the digestive system of a creature that can turn around in its own skin work?
Internal, organic cold fusion engine
Temporal Ethics for bidirectional time-travel with branching time-lines
In the case of direct democracy, what would happen to society
How long would it take for a U.S. dollar bill to rot?
What happens to "Freedom of Religion" when Gods can affect the world?
AI tasked with bringing down medical costs? What could possibly go wrong?
Do we fall into an "artificial intelligence" trope or is it reality?
How would beliefs be different if humanity started with perfect memory?
Realism of a multi-arrow bow
Great Flying Cthulhu
A set of rules for gods
Ideal short-term organic engine
Societal implications of a 200 year lifespan?
The neverending winter
Life on cold planets, and moving to warmer planets
Would a prion be the most likely cause of zombies?
How much Sulfur Dioxide is needed to freeze life on earth?
Can nuclear reactor explode like a nuclear bomb?
Could a creature evolve a biological "bulletproof vest"?
If a Volcano Killed Rome Instead of the Barbarians
Auxiliary system with better parameters than primary system
How to make crime literally not pay?
What weather patterns would occur on this map?
The benefits of alternate blood bases?
Would a bird/marsupial make a good pack animal?
A world with warmer nights
What would justify the use of serrated blades in edged weapons?
What to invest in when money and the economy vanish
How do I make floating ambient light?
Someone born and raised without light
What are the required proportions of a moon that allow it to orbit around a planet?
How would a city styled like Venice be built with lava instead of water?
Traveled back in time; How would one get as strong a magnet as they could?
If Earth Were Forged by Fire and Ice
Properties of air cloud in space
What would cause cyborgs to not have a reflection?
Is it realistic to have a world with advanced medicine but no gunpowder?
How does absorbing a soul make me stronger?
An Even Blacker Death
The Questioning of Making Granite a Tougher Nut to Crack
How might castles develop in magical world?
How to make a rogue planet liveable?
Can airborne floating/flying islands be scientifically possible?
Apps for our bodies
Can there be planets with extremely strong magnetic fields?
Is it fine to write something that has no relation to my local life or language or culture?
How can two persons orient themselves without a compass in an environment without sun, stars or remarkable landscape features?
Time system for a Ring-World
Asynchronous society
History Rewritten...By Katla Volcano
Could a planet have a core of anything other than iron?
A Treasure Chest for your Post-apocalyptic Children
How could seasons work on satellites?
Would it be possible for a population of snakes to survive by eating nothing but fruit?
How can mankind duplicate the rings of Saturn for Earth?
Can we have a meaningful cultural exchange with aliens if we never meet?
Surviving the world of zombie mosquitoes
How much bandwidth could you get if you used every wireless communications device in a hemisphere?
What would the first LOCAL response be to a downed UFO today?
How can I turn water into wine?
Maximum travel speed of a teleporter that requires line of sight
How would the inhabitants of one planet kill the inhabitants of the other?
A modern or near-future civilization without nuclear technology?
Can Gold Be Used for Other Purposes?
Could humans achieve immortality in a near future?
Society rules for marriages and love on multigeneration ship
Life imitating art - slow-motion
Applications of an undo button?
How could a secret terrorist organization rise to great power without anybody really noticing?
How do you deal with multiple instances of a person?
Society expectations to Work for your living
How much could basic sanitation and disease prevention combat illness in medieval and renaissance era?
Cultural beliefs, practices, and prejudices of tribes practicing ritual cannibalism
How much could a species benefit from a single child possessing DNA from multiple fathers?
Significant day-to-day impact of having eyes on palms of hands?
Problems with floods and droughts
No One Leaves Africa Without His Bow
How would a universe in which death is impossible work?
How would magic affect the subjects taught in school?
Is the location of major cities deterministic?
How would a government utilize a newly-minted immortal?
Software to ease my interstellar travel calculations
What is the basis for a hot summer and a cold winter climate?
A child of two different blood bases?
Monarch Afflicted With Leprosy
Is a gas giant more massive than its star possible?
Where do I place the heat radiators on my Aether-ships?
Is it possible for a religion with >1 billion followers to die out?
A Different Alloy--For Better or Worse?
Flying Bike: Steering
What would happen if electricity stopped working?
Flying Bike: Pilot Masks
Sci-Fi: Can a Steampunk World be possible?
Is the scientific method viable in a world with a god that can and does bend reality by will?
Size for bubble-ring generation ship
Would a state of constant warfare between two tribes be an effective way of training for battle?
Could you "create" a fertilized human foetus without sperm?
One Mother + Two Fathers = Twins
Orbital construction: How to get around some of its problems?
What would happen if magnets stopped working?
All fresh water is frozen
Would generation ships encourage a caste system?
How might a colony treat the arrival of a new generation ship?
Transhumanism in humans?
Effects of a warp field based super-speed power
What would a post-apocalyptic government be like?
A more alien world: Flora
Improving the naturalness of a fictional language
Could humans survive on a planet with only deuterium 'heavy water' made with hydrogen isotopes?
All of human knowledge — in one place
Catastrophic event from space/earth that humanity are able to see it coming
How to contain a shapeshifter
Is it possible to have a Transhumanist Theocracy?
Is it possible for birds to use rudimentary technology to build simple infrastructure and weaponry?
What happens when I cut the cables traversing the Atlantic?
Realism of Sub-humanity over half-humanity
How would society react to docile zombies?
Transferring someone else's memories to your mind
Possibility of a civilization on (or around) Planet Nine
What are the cons and the pros of using the Stack Exchange reputation system as a currency?
The trouble with drones
An Earlier Pleistocene = Mass Extinction?
Could plants develop sentience?
Surviving Re-entry in only a space suit
What would be the implications of using mind control as a way to enforce laws?
Is it possible to form new religion with > 1 billion followers today?
Everyone has two right hands
How would world looks like if indians doesn't exist at all?
How could a law exist that allows victims to be arrested for the crime against them?
Wizards from (a moon of) Planet Nine are causing Blizzards. How should we convince them to stop?
How would society react to mushroom cities?
Feasibility of Capturing Hydrogen from the Solar wind
What naming conventions could we use for a person based on time of origin?
Is a teddy dead or alive?
How can I incorporate a nuclear weapon in a fantasy middle-ages world?
building a pyramid with upgraded ancient Egyptian tech
What happens at the interface between two universes with opposite thermodynamic arrows of time?
How would the software industry react if Stack Overflow was no longer available for use?
Effects of an orbital laser cannon
What would the effects be of a world where darkness took precedence over light?
Effects of "tax your vote" political system
Why terraform at all?
What would sports look like if human beings could fly?
What does a future with no progress look like?
Alternate ways for aliens with no mouth to talk?
Effects of local solar time with flexible hours
What would the chemical make-up of a silicon based life-form be like?
How could I travel back in time and tell a lie to myself? And how could I tell if future me was lying?
How would a drug cartel claim legitimacy as a government entity?
What sort of problem would drive a near omnipotent civilization to seek an "outside the box" solution?
Is a medieval country of artists viable?
Does it make sense for all names to have a common letter or sound?
Depth of an inhabitable shell around the earth?
Effects of latitudinal time zones with multi-step DST
How would society react if the existence of a devil was scientifically proven?
Could a weapon utilize artificial lightning?
Anatomically Correct Medusa
Votes weighted by years of citizenship
Why might physical media remain in use in a highly networked society?
Anatomically Correct Hippocampus
Taxes weighed by years of military service
What's a macroscopic chemical unit as a scale for alien communication?
How can government function in a world where everybody is a slave?
Building a bridge to the stars
What does Space exploration look like in a Future with no progress?
Cultural norms regarding Law and Order on Generation ship
Spitfires in Space! or Aircraft inside a Rotating Habitat
How would a population react to an AI made for the purpose of statewide surveillance using current tech?
If Britain Had Ice From a Different Direction
Increased intracranial space
How does weather affect the space laser's 'beam'?
Could a small company eventually gain a monopoly over every industry, thus taking over a country?
What is the practical use of passing a Turing test?
Effects of Rings; Social effects
How would the sudden destruction of Mars affect Earth?
Vampire's skin color and sunlight resistance
How long can a river physically be on a planet?
Hamada this place! Plausibility of hamada desert features in a polar region
Who should mine the Asteroids? Humans or Robots?
Herpes kills, and we have to stop it
What if androids out-perform humans at interpersonal relationships?
Why could this dystopia work?
Vampire--The Simian With a Canine Bite
How would Angelic and Demonic Flight work?
If a culture split up and its parts were isolated for 750 years, would they then be able to understand each other?
How wide can a river be?
Would a dominant species of a planet generally consist of a single species, or multiple species?
Would a fighter pilot with an invincible space ship be able to conquer the galaxy?
Would forcing a nation switch to Latin script be possible today?
How to force a country to use a language that merges two languages that diverged 1000 years ago?
Would a world leaning towards technocracy be more "advanced"?
Could a viable interstellar civilization form with this technology?
Would it be possible for someone to develop a tolerance for electric shock?
Could an organism evolve to move faster than the speed of sound without technology?
Speed-of-light teleportation over long distances
What would North America look like if the States weren't United?
What's the impact of a "cloning" teleporter?
Turning the Baltic Sea into the Baltic Plain
What would the map of modern North America look like if the Mormon nation of Deseret maintained its independence?
How important would magic be if people died very soon after starting to use it?
Only the Swiss Are Left - Can They Survive?
The Neo-Tethys Sea, in Full
Buildings out of living tissue?
How would lawmakers try to use and abuse a system with magically-enforced laws?
What does it take to make a permanent blindness gun?
I unleashed a zombie apocalypse - but I'm not rooting for the humans
Calculating position without key resources
Can a star be so distant/isolated that its 'Earth' can't see other stars?
Abolishing slavery
What happens when one planet "lands" on another?
Would a city underground in the desert make sense from a survival standpoint?
Effects of Rings: Tides
What physical constraints should a near omnipotent civilization consider when simulating a Universe?
Could it be possible for two planets to collide and not kill everything?
What is the most efficient way of reducing the temperature of a planet?
Can there be a society where competition is impossible?
Would it be possible for a single celled organism to evolve intelligence?
Benevolent aliens will help us all- on one condition. Can we end all wars?
I duplicate the U.S. President. What happens?
Forging a double edged sword that slay witches
How to spell buggz
Will humanity survive if only larger cities are left?
How to implement radical cultural mindset shift?
Artificial meteor displays
Which type of creatures could exist in a volcano world?
The Ice of Eurasia, in Full Detail
How would society see a person who can control time?
What could be the physics behind witches flying on broomsticks?
What conditions might cause a natural language to be completely literal?
What future technology could make it realistic for humans live most of their lives in space?
What would two people reading each other's mind think?
Uses for quantum entangled particles?
What mental trait or combination of traits could make a race well suited to warfare?
How would magic work in a modern army
What makes a deity?
If I had an alien race, how would they interpret our numerical characters as being numbers?
The long-term effects of the Moon being in contact with the Earth?
How would military look like in a world with only cities
Is the human bias in fictional universes a best-practice or a lack of imagination?
How do astronauts live on food pills?
The teleporters stopped deleting the old copies. What happens?
What is the Roche limit for these two planets?
Implications of a Third Major Political Party in the United States
Can a habitable planet have mini-suns (i.e. solar satellites or glowing moons)?
What happens if the sun no longer emits visible spectrum?
The Poles, Great Lakes Earth
How might a machine to combine divergent experiences of two clones work?
Dropping lightsaber into lake?
Stopping tornado with missiles?
Evolving With Realistic Freezing Powers
How would society react to the impending destruction of its planet?
Influence on development of world flora
Weapon concept, vortex cannon
Could a world where two neigbouring countries, only one of which uses 'magic', exist?
How would the Great Atmospheric Catastrophe come about?
What calendar would future Earth-free humans use?
What would this nebula look like from a planet?
How would the night sky appear from the inside of a star cluster?
Considering life to be a matter modifier - what would be the final state?
If Mars Were a Superearth
How do primitive intelligent species navigate on a rogue super-Jupiter planet in the Boötes Void?
How would people left on a planet that will be destroyed react?
How would society look if it was entirely dependent on a particular group of people?
How do I sell 100 gold bars without getting into trouble?
How would FTL travel appear through window of ship?
Could a virus be genetically modified to target a specific human population?
Could Bigfoot have actually existed? How could they be there leaving no trace?
How would society be affected by ultra-highspeed travel?
Evolution of giant floating mammals
What would happen if a sudden warm spot appeared in the middle of a tundra area?
Earth-like planet orbiting neutron star?
Lemmings, making the myth the reality
Would advanced extraterrestrial life really use radio signals as the way to communicate over interstellar distances?
How do you get an elemental wind animal?
Does an arbitrary constant burn path between two orbiting bodies exist?
What would life be like if individual nations didn't exist?
Alien Papers -- how would someone from another reality use *their* native documents to function in our reality?
What are the consequences when an advanced alien civilization teleports the entire galaxy clusters?
What happens when cut with a heated blade?
What would life be like on the remnants of a shattered planet?
If thunderbirds were real, how would it affect shepherds and ranchers?
Can Venus' Surface Get Hit Hard?
Which magical creatures would you choose for your army?
The cardinal directions on a flat world?
What would our planet look like with unlimited and cheap (i.e. almost free) energy?
How to survive the heat death of the universe?
A Larger Venus in Our Solar System
With thoughts that kill: What if one person had that power?
Help! My Mother-in-law got Mind-Uploaded and now pesters me through the surround system
Could a solar eclipse occur just after a lunar eclipse?
The world is flat. Why are they all lying?
Creating a Siren song
What is a Dyson Sphere around a planet called?
Why build a mech drone?
How close could we be to a stealth planetarysystem?
How would you improve the hand?
What would the economy of a global power look like?
If mountain lions were Griffins, how would it affect other animals?
Weaponry for a previously peaceful civilization
Could complex, macroscopic life arise and exist without cells?
Everyday accomodations for autistic people in a world where Autism is extremely common
Intelligence Agency Cooporation during high cold war
What would society be like if it made up of clones
What would it take for N. Korea to be trusted by the world at large as an independent state?
How can I design a realistic landscape?
If everyone was cloned and the clones were a foot tall, how would the American government react?
Mountain-sized Machines - How do they Move?
What would life be like for the common people on a libertarian planet?
If the sun comes up in the west, and Earth starts spinning in the opposite way,what would life look like?
Clapping and applause has been deemed too primitive. What's next?
What examinations would a sentient non-human visitor receive if they came to Earth?
What would Earth's seasons be like if the planet was rotating along a different axis?
Thermosynthetic Life-form
Interplanetary vs Interstellar travel
An Alien spacecraft crash lands very publicly. How does the world react?
How does the great Shamanic lodge choose which causes and governments to support?
On the origins of leprechauns
You are an advanced AI that controls a smart house. How do you kill your master?
How would a person who is a snake from the waist down move around?
Which acid to choose when designing a world with acid seas?
Can a modern-day Saruman breed the Uruk-hai?
How could state borders equal major watersheds?
Is a land-based aircraft carrier possible?
Where to hide something massive in the galaxy?
Rise and Fall of prehistoric civilizations
Can I just stack the Earth?
How would a single settlement on a new planet composed of many ethnicities/languages/cultures operate in a coherent way?
What would be the population size of a fully urbanized Earth?
Medicine under water
Could a planet have an atmosphere that is composed mostly of Diborane, Nitrogen, and Ammonia Vapor?
What problems would one have to face if one is the only person left alive?
How would dragons, griffins, and thunderbirds affect travel and trade?
Building a dragon
Is it possible to have a car in a steampunk world?
How could zeppelin survive onslaughts by a squadron of spitfires during WW2?
The human race can survive - if we can all cooperate
Death Clock: Certain-Death has never been more Certain
How viable would an analog computing revolution be?
Could a 19th century setting support purely mechanical orbital satellite and manned orbital launches?
How low underground could you go?
Balancing science and history when building a world
What would be the best way for a language to spread?
What would be the effects on daily life if wood was unavailable?
Could a life form evolve a biological video screen as a way of communicating?
Banning microprocessors
A World of Low-Tech Critters
Would a human culture that developed in a world where audio recording was straightforward also develop written language?
Would advanced technology be possible if humans had never figured out how to use fire?
Given a billion dollars, build the most visible orbiting satellite possible
Extremes in temperate climate
What might validate a society that has mushrooms as a staple crop?
Composition of this cosmic material
What would modern IT look like if Silicon Valley had been completely destroyed in 1985?
How can humanity's economical, social and cultural viability be maintained in a naturally depopulating earth?
What does the Minotaur eat?
Can flesh/skin form around an object that is placed on skin for years?
What kind of technology would be developed in the process of creating shapeshifters?
What would people on multi-generational ships wear?
How would books exist if there would be no wood available?
Politically Correct Valkyries: Why do they choose who they choose?
What effect would a known but lost precursor civilization have on religion and philosophy?
Modern Warfare in a Super Mario Alternate Reality
Shapeshifters - Shared language between human and animal forms
What would a ship with an Alcubierre Drive look like?
In the magic==math trope, how do "they" know when we're doing spells?
Any reasons for a primal aquatic race to build land-based villages?
How deep underwater do I have to dive to be safe from a 1MT Hydrogen bomb detonation above?
Platformer Planet: what could cause floating land and wingless flying creatures?
How can I create a map of a rapidly-changing world?
Technology level for 1000 isolated people
How can I achieve 2 separate rebellions for the same cause?
Dexter + Goa'Uld = Extra Sadistic + Extra Evil
Phonetic overlap between humans and wolves
Feasibility of conventional life evolving an a sub-zero climate
A language made of silence
How many habitable planets can I have around my star?
Explaining mineral-skinned creatures
How can a jet-propelled horse work?
Character must escape from a CERN/DARPA-like facility - Secrecy
How can I design an imaginary internet protocol?
He must escape from a CERN/DARPA-like facility - Research & Development
How can I avoid a spark on an oxygen-rich planet
Feasibility of portal based Space-Domes
How to "launder" airplanes?
Most secure way to build a government-only back door into my cell phones?
Shared body language between humans and wolves
How to survive a 24 hours of heavy lava rain?
In a world where you had to pay for words, which words would be the most expensives?
The Evolution of African Wild Dogs who can float
Is it possible for subsequent Civilizations to develop on earth?
Wing-design for a Bird that Needs No Lift
What distances would be involved in this planetary system?
magical number 7 - cognitive limitation of working memory (for bigger brains)
How close can two Earths be without becoming tidal locked?
Is outrunning a nuclear mushroom cloud feasible?
How do I incorporate magic into my world while avoiding a magic-dominated world?
How does freezing a person keep them alive?
How to make this base-10 metric time concept work
How do you stop an AI that's grown "too big for its britches"?
Vanishing oxygen
Human interactions with a sentient biological species it developed?
Microbial Civilization Precursors
What is the plausibility of a sentient starfish-like creature?
Anatomically Correct Bio-fabricator
Nitpicking a Multiverse
Lonely gods and their planets
Multidimensional Time-Lines
Could the law be implemented as a computer program?
Lonely gods (housing and food)
Breathing underwater
When could space travel (including FTL of any kind) and other tech be common?
Could a creature evolve to have a biological Geiger Counter?
How might a Kardashev Scale Level II civilization transport energy?
A planet with a different water:land ratio and
Would 'cheap' FTL make powerful telescopes obsolete?
Paper making in zero g
Building a perfectly spherical world
Shared language between humans and wolves - Alternatives to scent
Why would a civilization with the ability to create androids use giant, 2x Man-sized gears anywhere?
From mice to men ( series )
Is this method of controlling population feasible in the contemporary world?
Could a species evolve a biological gravitational wave detector?
When would humans be able to build an interplanetary telescope array?
Becoming a 'Sorcerer' through cosmic energy
Could mammals and dinosaurs coexist as the dominant animal group?
What colors of the sky can humans breathe?
What environmental pressures might cause rodents to evolve social behavior?
Brain to body mass ratio vs general brain mass
How do you power all the nanobots?
What type of projectile weapons could be built and used under water
Would a dragon be useful in a space program?
Moon occasionally appears much larger in the sky
How would a culture with telepathy evolve language?
What kind of world changes are necessary to make giant spiders feasible?
How does social and cultural change relate to scientific progress?
Making Beaks More like Hands
On a frozen planet with a tower that generates an artificial sun, how tall would the tower have to be to illuminate an area with a 1000 mile diameter?
How might a planet be made of mountains? (And ocean)
Can Bluebeard's Blue Beard be Genetic?
Can this planetary system remain stable?
Is it possible to build a floating air city with today's technology?
Can postapocalypse world ditch one currency?
Is it possible to synthesize a nutritional food source completely from inorganic materials?
How does an AI keep its Human Pets Happy?
If an FTL spacecraft entered Earth orbit, how long would it take for humans to build a FTL spacecraft?
How can a molecule grant long-life?
Hiding a civilization
Given a Computer program that had self preservation and reproduction subroutines, how could it "evolve" into a self aware state?
Is there a way to create a bomb to destroy a star?
is it possible to create warp technology(or some form of quick space travel)?
Would it be possible to ride a gravitational wave?
How could a habitable planet have a green atmosphere?
Directed, local EMP?
Where are the gaps of our knowledge of physics preventing us from building a tractor beam?
Is having an enormous brain truly helpful?
What happens to an empty, modern city?
How viable is it to deploy infantry from space?
Is a Centaur biologically possible
Is stealth re-entry possible?
Other Effects of Artificial Gravity
Seasonal progression for an Earth-like planet with wobbly axis tilt?
How would visible habited planets affect technology?
Methods for creating great people for your world's history
Is psychohistory a practical leadership tool?
How much chlorine gas can I safely put in my atmosphere?
Alternatives to DNA
Solutions to a Giant's Giant Problems
Seeing Through The Earth
How do we make computers care for human life?
Can wind power run heavy weapon factories on Mars?
Impact of FTL on Humanity & discovering new intelligent life
Without having to deal with the gravity well, at what tech level could you build spaceships?
A three foot cell?
Renewable energy in space
Astronomy on a maximally spinning Earth
How long does it take before dialects branching from a single language become new languages themselves?
What if the slave trade occurred at a later date?
How to make a scent seem 'bad'?
Handling a Dream-Invader Prisoner
Fastest possible toaster
How much energy does this sun crushing ship, the CrushSun, use?
Is the world shift theory plausible or not?
Could a post-apocalyptic modern society rediscover language through the Rosetta Disk?
Is it possible to have grey goo that seeds a planet with life then moves on to the next?
How would society recover from the collapse of digital trust?
Why would humans help an alien race to wage war on another?
Does all life have to use Proteins?
In what kind of timeframe would there be interplanetary trade?
Zombie army is bad idea. But why actually?
Substance that can change your physical form
Supernova Rifle
What if antibiotics existed in the Middle Ages?
If Absolute Hot and Absolute Zero, collided what would happen?
How do I explain Restoration Magic using physics?
Creating a fully aquatic bird
Alternative History: If the Hindenburg Incident Never Happened
Why fill a dungeon with puzzles?
What would the effects be of two tidal locked planets have on each other's geography?
Dawn of doomsday
Could radiation affect human DNA and environment in a positive way and how?
How would people without magic enslave those who have magic?
How to distinguish magic from technology?
Average distance between spaceships who are in combat
What kind of house could someone make in a snow covered desert?
What would getting hit by a micro black hole laser look like?
Can Megalodon have the strength to sink the Titanic?
Is it possible for a skelecopter to fly?
How life in a neverending war zone would look like?
How would one destroy a black hole?
How do I calculate sea level on a planet with no seas?
Why would robots use verbal communication?
At what distance from these planets should this moon be placed?
Is there comprehensive problems to this storyline?
How would elemental magic be used for more than just war?
No sunlight, just high-energy radiation?
Can isolated robots organize a revolution in a year?
What would alien mercenaries want for payment?
AI's and natural selection
AI - I'd like to get away from humanity without any human knowing about it
A World of Low-Tech Critters -- Phone Edition!
Why would one nation have magic and another, none?
How would evolution shape humans for life in zero-G?
How would biological engineers control their creatures?
How many colonists could fit on a 2km long multi-generational colony ship?
How small can an organism get?
Inflation-powered flying creature
Online character generation resources: types of occupation throughout history
How would you insulate spark-guns so that they can be fired in water?
Would the need for control limit a superintelligent rational agent's expansion in the universe?
How smart can we get?
Are intelligent races necessarily diverse?
Can Cloud Nine be built?
How can I keep my Love Potion formula from being stolen?
What types of valuable resources would be available in a fictional swamp?
Would desigining a modular tank be worth the effort?
Universe where Earth fire, air, and water would actually be the four elements?
Hazardous but natural particulates in an atmosphere
What organism would be needed to make mars hospitable?
Anatomically Correct Harpy
Minecraftian world; I punch a hole in it and jump, where do I fall?
Non-monetary society, making it work
Would gorillas with human-level intelligence make effective soldiers?
Fusion candle - getting Earth to Jupiter
Weapons for a civilisation-destroying giant robot
Can electric eels power my phone?
Rabies is now waterborne. How does this affect agriculture?
Big Brains Needed
What can prevent moderately advanced humans from driving megafauna to extinction?
How do you arrest/detain someone when people can make mental attacks capable of knocking someone out?
What if Internet had a destructive access to information
Could humanesque creatures ever be eusocial?
What percentage of the population has the "magic gene"?
How can I explain mind control without using magic?
A "Rational" explanation for psychic/psionic abilities
What's the smallest size an alien species could be and have the same intelligence as a human?
Twin tidally locked planets, non-rotating
Is a world wide Council realistic?
Could the Actor Ray Winstone Punch a Tethered Horse to Death?
Powering Adam Jensen
What would be the biology of a vampire?
Monolithic vehicles vs a convoy; So you want to go on a road trip
The day the modern human era ended
What weapons would likely be used in a Martian war?
Is there any biochemistry that could support life on a hypothetical moon of Planet Nine?
A weapon to attack the Solar System
What is the maximum distance a planet orbiting the sun could have liquid water on its surface?
A world with no carnivores
Detection and response to building a giant robot under the Antarctic ice-cap
Is it possible for a star similar to the sun to only have terrestrial planets orbiting it and no gas giants?
What issue would arise if all humans worked together?
What kind of names would humans living in Lower Paleolithic Ethiopia have?
Time Resistance
Would society of immortals create any kind of religion?
Stability of Multiple Moons
Alternate History: How much area do I need for viable dinosaurs to be found thriving in Antarctica
The Waterfall Planet
Could life have evolved as described by Lamarck's theory of evolution, instead of Darwin's?
Signal to show we are an intelligent race
Space - the ultimate landfill
Flying Battleship/ Armored Airship Combat
Anti-Photography Technology?
Is this real-time, cross-universe communication system physically viable?
What if criminal behavior was "cured"?
What properties would a world need to allow a highly evolved rapidly adaptive species to develop?
Potential uses for a neutrino-based weapon
What happens if Pi is changed?
A Reef Without the Coral
What do you do with people who do not sign the social contract?
What's the lowest Type on the Kardashev Scale a civilisation could be for us to take it for God?
What would pants that cover all four legs of a centaur look like?
What is the fastest amount of time a technologically advanced species can evolve?
How would a civilization similar to earth develop if there were no stars at night?
How could a libertarian-minded galactic government be structured?
What kind of senses could exist?
Universe that has no quantum physics?
Would human clones suffer inferiority complex given the exact same physiology?
Does any microorganism lend itself to domestication? (Series)
Are there logical gaps in the periodic table in which you could insert a new mystery element for use as a fuel?
Planetary siege
What would justify the population of billions in a fantasy world?
Would an aquatic civilisation be able to exist under Europa's ice sheet?
A world where every individual naturally desires to achieve something "profoundly incredible"?
Benefits of or reasons why a species would have only one eye?
What could happen if letters were banned in written form?
Oxygen - 100% plant-free!
How can a vampire have quick burst of superhuman speed?
Glass hitting water at terminal velocity
How could a race of protist get on to land?
Could a gas giant the size of Neptune or Uranus harbor intelligent life?
Spaceship design to avoid spreading of Protomolecule
How do I keep a document in the past?
Would there be any possibility for rangers operating inside the US?
Is this planetary system stable?
Methanol/Ethanol (other alcohol) based life-form - aliens?
Methanol/Ethanol (other alcohol) based life-form and its planet?
How many farmlands would a city need to be self-sufficient?
Would a person with high voltage outfit (or skin) be able to fly?
Could intelligent life evolve in caves?
Defeating the Snakebot of Doom
What would be the future of libraries in the next 100 years of the digital age?
What would the most overpowered abilities be, using a temperature controlling superpower?
How long can humans survive in increased gravity?
Airships without huge balloons/gas bags that can still "float" in air, using minimal or no energy
A planet wide intelligent plant?
Could a human-plant hybrid exist?
Making a plant as energy efficient as possible
Floating ships on dense clouds?
What's the coolest thing you could do if you could convert energy types?
How far up should I build my floating city?
Lead-Zeppelin–Would this be possible?
Is there any lifting gas that could provide more "lift" than hydrogen?
With an upvote and a downvote, how would political campaigns change?
Possible explanations for a world with hard to access metal deposites?
What events could keep Zeppelins in the air today?
How do you assassinate someone who is protected by precognitive people?
Is it possible for a creature to have bulletproof skin?
Defeating the revised Snakebot of Doom
What forms of accidents in today's world could cause a landscape to burn for multiple years?
What would perforating the crust of a continent do?
How far in the future can my protagonist travel without getting sick?
How to explain perpetual earthquake magnitude at least 5 on Richter scale?
Is there a working law of gravity in 2D?
What biological changes would have to be made to make a flying human/bird hybrid (harpy)
What land based animals lend themselves to domestication?
Is this moon system stable?
Best skills to test in military training trials for space cadets
How do I make Tantalus' punishment real?
Is it possible to have permanent rain?
What is the biology of a spiderling?
Hypothetical combat with a five-dimensional weapon
Poison which constantly needs to be treated by antidote to not get killed
Using lasers to transmit solar energy
Could a greedy company get rid of an open source project?
Would it be possible to make an inescapable planet?
Could Jupiter moon Europa become habitable when the sun enters its red giant stage?
How could a race of microscopic humanoid organisms benefit from the domestication of a silk producing organism? (Series)
Avoiding muscle atrophy over 6 months of hibernation
Creating a realistic timekeeping system for a fantasy world
Why would members of the public ever choose to take slower than light interstellar travel?
Where will I spend eternity
What is this chart called?
How will military be modified if a warrior power could continue growing far beyond human limits with experience?
Could a humanoid species live on top of massive growths of fungi?
In a war where both sides have time travel would the nuclear MAD apply?
What could microscopic people use for fire? ( series )
What would be the equation for kinetic energy if $γ=\frac{v^2}{c^2}+1$ instead of $γ=\frac{1}{\sqrt{1-\frac{v^2}{c^2}}}$?
How could earth civilizations send 2000+ humans to Venus in six years?
Is personal notability possible without anyone knowing what the person did to become notable?
What are some biochemical alternatives to carbon?
Where Else Would the Cretaceous Comet Hit?
Magic Ship Armor Causing Fog
What organisms ranging from 0.2 - 4 mm lend themselves to domestication? (Series)
Is an atmosphere with different layers possible?
A practical method to turn the planet Earth. Is there a real world flaw in this proposed method?
Growing Alien Eggs
How to render much of a world's metal unusable?
Is a shruikan dragon size possible in the real world?
Rapid healing magic causes long-term illness later - effects on society
Planning of population explosion after an apocalypse
What tiny animals pose a threat to the survival of microscopic humanoids? (Series)
is a dragon like this possible in the real world
If you have to survive for 30 days eating only one vegetable, what vegetable should you eat?
Preventing corruption
A New York With Bigger, Grander buildings
Creating a planetary system that can support six different types of biochemistry
A Generation of Revelation
What is the most economical way to dispose of the late in space?
Man-Made or Natural Disaster that could split a large volcanic island into three smaller parts?
Calculating Time Dilation Effects on Relativistic Accelerations
Earth-like world with 18 hour day
What explains wide technological diversity in a galaxy?
Anatomically Correct European Dragon
What are the consequences of literal interstellar travel?
What makes a spacefaring civilization, a spacefaring civilization?
How to determine where the nearest mainland shore is when standing on an island?
What would happen if photons had a mass equal to 1/100 of a hydrogen atom?
What minerals and metals in particular were vital to the development of early civilization?
How to make magic different from science
How to put new spin on 'tribes living in the treetops'
Is helium 3 lucrative enough to justify the mining of the moon?
Could a democracy where a program runs the nation and we vote on pull requests work?
Could two countries on the same planet have equally advanced but completely different Technologies
Would primitive weaponry be useful when scaled down to microscopic size? ( series )
Universe in which there is quantized rest mass?
How can a floral clock be made accurate enough to replace normal timekeeping?
Everyone on earth receives a magic book that can teleport them anywhere. What happens?
European Dragon VS Asian Dragon, who wins?
What would little people eat and how would they gather food?
Could the Siberian Eruption Get Any Bigger?
What weapons would be effective at a microscopic level?
Organisations secretly employing super-powered humans - how can they afford to give everyday freedom to their members?
What alterations to the human body would bioengineers make to increase the survival rate of humans on this planet
How might a race of microscopic humanoid organisms clear and maintain a humans only safe zone?
How could an interested billionaire deploy sensors to as much of the deep ocean as possible?
How would calenders work on tidal locked planet with no accompanying natural satellite?
How can a magical perspective enhance science?
Would Batman's cape work with electromagnets?
Reconciling Polar Calendars
What is the minimum viable population to avoid genetic decay?
Could a fractured moon conceivably result in only limited changes to earth's environment?
How to camouflage a meteor
What strategy would tiny humanoids need to raid an ant mound?
Would evolution select for mermaids without breasts?
Can a medieval kingdom have two effective rulers at one point in time?
What motivation would people have for mining planetary rings?
How might microscopic humanoids capture an ant mound? ( series )
What does the Higgs-Boson particle mean for interacting with gravity?
Building a super-material - melting and boiling points
The evolution of neon kittens
Explaining Unique Artifact Shops
How do the zombies win when they're so weak?
Would dragons cook their food?
Can a tidally-locked planet have a long term natural satellite?
How do I increase my population of my very small starter population while warding off the negative effects of inbreeding?
How plausible are my metal eating life forms and their impact on civilization?
What genetic modifications would make easier for humans to survive on a volcanic planet?
Biophage: A creature that kills all other creatures
Shifting positions of continents
Teleport and detonate 5 small atomic bombs that cause maximum panic and societal collapse?
How large would a world have to be for a sailing ship to never make it past the horizon?
Would the zombie virus spread in small-town America?
How would lighthouses work in space?
Could you weaponize LSD gas?
What would the fastest way for microscopic humanoids to spread across the world?
How many spaceships would it take to block the Sun from the daylight side of the Earth?
Cell division into three parts
A brief dip into the heat death of the universe
Is it possible to have a stable ternary star system?
How can aliens convince the government of Earth to form an alliance with them?
Economy of the afterworld
Stars as communication devices
Blacklight Star
How would these Elementals stand up against a modern military with advanced weapons
Can life evolve on planets of this binary system?
How might microscopic humanoids contain electricity?
How to determine one's position in space?
Could life evolve in the degenerate era of the universe?
Can you just wait out the heat death of the universe?
Minimum distance a planet can remain habitable from a sun-like star?
How might a Government subdue a rebellious state without armed conflict?
Bridge over Lake Baikal
How to build the Nocturnal and Diurnal branches of a Humanoid Race?
How does an advanced civilization *hasten* the heat death of the universe?
Making the Apocalypse Leech
Would it be possible for there to be a life form that has a time symmetric life cycle?
Would it be plausible to ride a rhinoceros into battle?
Will an AI supercomputer treat a "code rewrite" as a threat to its existence?
Weapons and armor from chitin
In a world with escape velocity greater than the speed of light, would a civilization be able to reach space?
Should the Spring Equinox be New Year's Day?
What is the maximum amount of gravity a humanoid species can evolve under?
If the moon were made of cheese, what would Maxwell's Laws become?
What if the human body was subjected to separate levels of gravity each day?
Vehicle-based desert travel without tracks or wheels?
Newton's 3rd law & Quantum entanglement
Can a theoretical case be made for "transporting" consciousness via light?
Will unattended nuclear power plants actually cause damage to their surroundings?
1 Light Year Diameter Planet
Measure time with longer days?
Can a dragon's fire breath be liquid based?
How far could a planet be from its star and still be kept habitable by intense greenhouse gases?
On a generation ship, How many different families would you have to have to prevent inbreeding
My BIG World Needs More Suns
Can a planet without one or more moons be habitable?
How can we stop the Earth's core from freezing?
A meteor strikes Earth: what problem does it cause a thousand years later?
What effects would moving between areas of different gravity have on a human?
If I went back in time, how could I handle being among the Black Death and survive?
What sort of gas is thick and does not disperse easily in an urban environment?
Effects on human history, culture and scientific development of a rotating moon scenario
What if Earth was orbited by a pair of moons like Pluto and Charon?
How will our world change if all men suddenly die?
How to prepare for an alien pyramid exploration?
Form of currency where precious metals are difficult to obtain?
Can a wound be gilded with metal?
Demand for the Simple Games
How well would chains do as a weapon?
How do nanites get the resources that they need?
Ethics and malevolent, omniscient AI
What size of near-earth asteroid could break up in the atmosphere to do sufficient damage to a city without destroying it?
The Empires of America BC (Before Columbus)
Tidally locked planet in binary star system?
global government will improve life on earth by reducing arms budget and spreading peace?
What would a world with uneven gravity look like?
What social and environmental factors would create a culture where wives had more than one husband
Can an insectoid race have a flexible exoskeleton?
Would it be possible to skip an asteroid off of a planet's atmosphere?
Graviton-ite disasters?
Effect of gold as power source on the currency system
How can I kill off 75-90% of humanity by a non-biological weapon, but leave structures standing?
What would slow down the march of an army of a million microscopic men on a microscopic capital?
What would cause a city to sleep during the day and work at night?
Is this planet possible in real life?
Atmospheric Combustion
What would humans be like without hormones?
How will our world change if all women suddenly die?
How can we teach strong AI to be moral?
Balanced diet for a time traveler
Could a binary planet system have two non-tidally-locked Earth-like planets?
What could have made a species of strong magical beings extinct?
If the earth gradually stopped spinning, what would the changes look like in 20 years?
How much can we learn from a grain of sand?
How to retrieve cultural artifacts from a world under siege?
If humanity needed to escape Earth, would it be easier to send people individually, or in massive groups?
How to know if one-way travel into the past results in a new timeline?
How often must carnivorous grassland eat?
What would happen to a medieval town that suddenly has no industry?
What is the logical conclusion of Horrors that "infect" such as Grudge, Ring and It Follows?
What happens if a colony needs a specific supplement to survive?
Efficiency required of a photosynthetic system to support human level activities
Could an astronaut be lifted from Earth to the ISS in an EVA suit on a resupply mission not intended to transport humans?
Would a person from the past be able to survive for a week in New York?
Manufacturing of fuel, post-apocalypse
What are the implications of positioning a space station at Sun-Earth L4 or L5 Lagrange points?
What kind of paradigm can keep multimedia and mobile communication separated?
Would there be a possibility to live if the world stopped spinning?
how would you survive an asteroid impact?
What safety features are needed for an "awesome race of super horses"?
How long would it take us to detect a Deimos-like object moving towards Sol from Alpha Centauri
Thrustless Propulsion and Levitation - Science/Magic theory
Anatomically Correct Jackalope
A Postapocalyptic Medieval Frontier Town
Creating a habitable planet that recieves the same amount of sunlight as Venus
How to catch those beating red light in space?
Pressure of sudden onset blackout in Tropical Island Capital
Aerial Navy Doctrine-Steampunk era like world war 2 with magic. What tactics that can evolve from it?
Map generator for big world
Conditions for a city on a mountain
Can war be burst between two groups of the same race, magic and religion?
how would the carnivorous grassland work?
What is the market price of a planet?
Will the earth be swallowed by the sun in the next 5 billion years?
Would a bear cavalry be feasible?
Can the fleshmoles breathe?
Is it a reasonable idea that malnutrition can cause insect or other similar types of aliens to lose limbs?
Low level magic supported by low tech science: can it work?
gruesome execution by slow dissolution in low-concentration acid solution
How do Nanites receive, store, and execute instructions?
Does time-traveling drive people nuts?
Can I build a self sufficient medieval city?
The Rocky Road of Life for Rocks
What are some evolutionary factors that could evolve a species like this?
Could a large bird be used as transportation?
Can spiders be used like spy drones using brain implants using current technology?
Would it be feasible to set up a temporary space settlement on a moving asteroid?
Would it be possible to have a planet with no land masses larger than Australia?
What is a realistic version of an American fighting with the Russian troops in World War II?
Could there be a (pseudo-)scientific explanation for a green atomic breath?
Humans can now run 40 mph. How do I keep the stupid people alive?
Alien aliens, parasitic spreading of the young
What would the transition to a jobless society look like?
Is the DNA base of the currently living species able to change so much that supports the existence of "fairy tale" humans and animals?
what advantage might a blue-green laser have underwater (if any)?
What's a good structure for biological parasitic mind control
How do we communicate with (fairly) intelligent aliens?
A society without law enforcement?
How do marrow adders move house?
How to explain magic-using kings
I wiped out most of the human race - now I want to create a more peaceful and equal society
In a fantasy universe in which magic use is hereditary, what might be the odds of any one person being able to use or cast magic?
What would Earth tides look like if the Moon was in a polar orbit (instead of an equatorial orbit)?
Humans can now fly. What new laws are created?
Humans can now fly. What happens to the transportation industry?
Could an advanced culture exist without a government?
How to get monsters with literal nerves of steel?
Preventing post-apocalyptic society from becoming misogynistic
Is it possible to use the ring world concept around earth?
How big can the Parachute cities be?
Which Canadian Provinces/Territories are most likely to rebel?
Ramification of a Government that values children?
Quadrablade! Will it work?
Minority Report Precogs. But what they see is set in stone
Using life-force as currency
The earth is flung into deep space
How would you defend a package from magic Ninjas?
What effects would this magic have?
How long does it take for science and technology to become mutually non-intelligible?
Implications of Newtonian universe
How will our world change if all animals suddenly die?
Survivors of a far flung Earth
How to Make Male Lactation More Common
Planetary Universe?
How big would an amorphous blob have to be to toss part of itself into orbit?
Capturing wind in a bottle
Where Speech is Impossible
Modern facilities with medieval technology?
Game physics in the real world
Turns out spider man is real. How long until people accept it?
DIY Genehacking: What can I do with it?
Spider Man is not real. How to fake it?
How fast could microalgaes photosynthesize and generate oxygen?
Problems with spaceships: attitude control
Post-Apocalyptic Technology
How would the government prepare the country for an acknowledgement of real magic in our world?
Humans can now spit acid. How does culture change?
What astronomical considerations are necessary for the planet in this model to possibly be Earth-like?
How could an amorphous blob create rocket fuel?
Unleashing bottled wind
Can a robot track someone by their DNA?
Selling Your Uploaded Copy of Yourself
Infinite Energy with the EmDrive
Vampiric Blood River
Fake Apocalypse - asteroid
How could a book be constructed to last forever?
Only Food is Donuts
Can a super-governmental military body like this work?
How to form a kingdom where the king can stay in power for a thousand years?
Would billions of air conditioners make the world colder or hotter?
What conditions would be needed for Spartacus to defeat Rome?
Skin tones for humanoid species living on planets orbiting different types of stars?
Can these trolls exist?
Steampunk...In a Realistic Timeline
Genderless Society
Secret Communication in Sign Language
Manhattan Project goes really, really wrong
Would a gun that can *also* shoot voids rounds be useful?
What if first contact from extraterrestials is them trying to dock with the space station
What are the evolutionary factors that could create a species that looks like E.T.?
Is there any real potential advantage to having two hearts?
Why would a land creature have tentacle-like appendages
What challenges might a microscopic architect have to overcome when designing an entirely walled city
In what ways would Earth's landscape (with fauna and flora) be different if humanity had never affected it?
Repulsive black holes
Could a species have multiple skin colors/pigments?
Fall of steampunk
What could an unbreakable blade accomplish?
Political system via artificial intelligence
How could iron artifacts last for centuries?
What implications would proof of "supernatural" phenomena have for modern science?
Age of Sails: What would be the reaction of major naval powers of 14-15th century to a 19th century made trading clippers and schooners?
How to Blend (Digital) Minds
Can every animal eat most other animals?
How and when could a Dyson sphere civilization figure out the shape and size of their sphere?
What WWII technology could make a smart, underwater mine?
How could ancient metalworkers use modern metals?
Radioactive Elements - WIll there be any effect on earth or an oceanic world if its crust and mantle lack Radioactive Elements?
How long would a journey to Tau Ceti take from the passengers perspective at 1/4 the speed of light?
If we could form a human brainet how would/could it be defined under the current (US) law?
Aerial Ships - How heavy should an Aerial ship weight and what design to resist wind speed of 100-180 nautical miles per hour?
Medieval politics with fantasy races - Round 2
Is a galaxy-wide language possible?
Mountain Spring Inquiry
How massive would a black hole have to be to swallow a person
What groups will face unjustified prejudice in the future once technology makes current lines of prejudice harder to justify?
What would be the impact on a medieval society if "cure disease" magic was available to the powerful?
How big would a wormhole have to be to allow a radio signal to pass through?
How could you rapidly increase a black hole's mass?
Potential downsides to a super-soldier heart-rate safety mechanism
How to trigger a mutiny on board of a spaceship?
What's the quickest way to add oceans to a planet?
What can the government do with its clone army after the war is won?
Laser-boosted Solar Sails to 61 Virginis?
What would be the physical effects of a fistpunch with greatly magnified strength?
61 Virginis Mission Design: Ship Mass
Could fairies be a hominid subfamily?
Is it possible for a creature to become a gas bomb during decomposure?
Proton and Neutron Bombardment as a WMD - How would it work and what would necessitate of its use in ground and orbital warfare
How can I kill all the flies in the world?
Could Allosaurus breed with T rex?
You're superstrong but you still weigh the same. What happens when you hit things?
Speed of mutations
The Sleepless City
How can the human race survive the destruction of the inner solar system?
What else is involved in "silicon based" life?
What conditions would favor human powered energy sources?
Can a situation exist where there is one pole that is hot and another cold on a planet?
If clock and calendar was reinvented with today's knowledge, what could they look like?
If the world were seriously threatened, what would happen to the economy?
The Rods and Cones on Equal Terms
Creating a human-like voice from instruments
How to create 'visible' space-laser-like weapons
A Spy Network - How do you establish a spy network in the medieval age?
How can we make all people peaceful and thoughtful?
What are some examples of magic equivalent of a nuke
Creating a Classical civilization
How to form a government in the underworld?
Could a Retro-Virus be designed to accelerate random mutation?
The Stars are Falling! Or are they?
If a team of soldiers quite literally saved the universe, how would their futures look?
Will hypersonic planes be common on Mars?
How to govern a society of functionally immortal reality-benders?
A rapidly reproducing, lithotrophic slime mold
How can civilization handle people being able to produce disposable intelligent autonomous agents?
How would a strong humanoid heal from muscle injury
Do critters need parachutes?
Floating City for 1 billion people
How would the terrain of a desert be impacted by abnormally-frequent lightning strikes?
Why (else) would an animal species be polymorphic?
How to make superheroes more realistic
What are those AIs doing with their time?
What would be immediately noticeable if the earth stopped spinning for one second?
Do we actually have the technology for a permanent Moon outpost?
Implications of Perfect CGI
How long after a global nuclear disaster would the world become habitable by humans again?
Could an abandoned Dyson Ring survive long enough for intelligent life to evolve?
Would post-traumatic stress disorder exist identically in a pre-industrial warfare setting?
61 Virginis Mission Design: Long Term High Gee Acceleration and the Human Body
Alien Invasion: Why is the War so Long?
Teaching people not to ask gods for help
If a single alien landed on Earth with the intention of selling it from under us - how would they achieve this
How might an inter-planetary confederation turn into a highly centralized empire?
On the immediate effects of a periodic table composed of its elements
Fastest evolution to space travel via ideal planetary conditions
Granite vs. steel sword
If a Mars Race occured, what are its technological implications on the average person?
The Solar System, Great Lakes Earth
Electoral representation in an interstellar democracy
61 Virginis Mission Design: Solar System-sized Rail Gun for Ship Acceleration?
What could cause a society to develop with large economic differences between classes while the discussion of money is taboo?
Reasons why it is dangerous for extradimensional aliens to interbreed with humans, and why they do anyway
Is there a limit to artificial intelligence?
How to wrap the Moon in plastic to make her a giant, supported by the atmospheric pressure, greenhouse
Magical heating sword
How can a single brain control multiple separate bodies simultaneously?
Implications of a Lightsaber on the Middle Ages
Evolution of an intelligent prey species
If Earth's gravity instantly increased by 50 percent?
How far away would an alien civilization need to be for us to not notice them?
Can you help me design a realistic climate map for my world (alternate Earth)?
How would the role of the church change in this post apocalyptic world?
How a flying intelligent race communicate?
Group-minded alien species create alien human hybrids- why?
Echolocation with audio recordings
How to prevent counterfeit donuts in a doughnut currency society?
If Earth had rings would humans have discovered it wasn't flat sooner?
Could humans make honey in the same way that bees make honey?
Titan - the flammable liquid methane moon
How can I make ants the dominant species on earth?
A 'vampire' who still eats normal food
Energy vs Biology in an elf-human hybrid
Can a plant evolve to give off CO2?
Is this an appropriate manned interstellar mission profile?
Could we replace humans in this picture with robots to generate electricity?
The Earth's core consumes a human?
How would a society develop if their god lived alongside them?
What would be the possible climate for the islands in the Atlantic?
How could there be underwater thriving city in the medieval age?
What happens to our modern society if everyone is shrunk to the size of a Lego minifigure overnight?
How will humanity cope when Earth's atmosphere is being robbed?
How to adjust our Goldilocks Zone if Nemesis turns out to be real?
What impact is felt by in our modern society if no other fauna and flora exists?
What problems could arise from mind-controlling the physical world?
If Earth was converted into energy by antimatter-matter collision would the energy "destroy" the observable universe?
How to implement a Solar System sports body/federation?
To what extent have black project programs taken, computers, lasers and robots?
Is the following mission profile appropriate for a manned mission?
Limitations of magic as an energy conversion process
Which of these space colonizing civilizations has the advantage in a conflict
Comet Hale-Bopp is the herald of new ages of Humanity
What creature is vital to an ecosystem, that when wiped out could cause drastic and devastating ecological effects?
Ceratopsians for defense
What is the maximum time lag a country can deal with?
What would humans wings need to be like to fly?
Soap as the backbone of civilization
Mountains and Nuclear Bombs
How could a superhero maintain a secret identity these days, if at all?
How would the relics of extinct human society affect future civilizations?
What natural processes can cause a sidereal day to be significantly longer than a sidereal year?
How to avoid inbreeding in isolated population?
What can I use for brainstorming?
What would our world be like if e=m*c^3
Space wizards city : Is it sustainable?
Time travel forward 2,000 years for 24 hours
How would an unexpected zero-g event affect a city?
If Humans Could Run Really Fast Could They Get Speeding Tickets?
If a colonial uprising occurred (and succeeded to some extent), what would the implications be on extraplanetary policy?
Could These Ingredients Make Concrete Better Than Before?
A tour of the kingdom, including the deserts
Oil drilling in the Cretaceous possible?
What sort of legal and penal system might a space colony develop?
How to feed desert village
What is a good way to estimate the mass of spacecraft?
Metal foam for stopping meteorites?
Gas Giant Station Design
Temperature Difficulties of a Fluctuating Orbital Distance
The Four-Winged Angel
Our Earth is a Magic Sink-Hole. What follows?
Why would vampires be incapable of entering a non-vampire human’s house uninvited?
How would civilization have evolved if salt was a common resource?
How realistic is it to obliterate planet killer with light only?
Aliens give us Unobwavium - a substance which allows us to fly. What happens?
What would the political benefits be for an asteroid terrorist attack?
What are the generally accepted terms used to define "magic users?"
Life expectancy of unaging dictators
How should the Magic market be regulated?
Where would Heaven be?
What could be the consequences of economic isolation in a medieval post-apocalyptic fantasy setting?
Magic is irrational and anti-authority - Can this work as I expect?
How long would it take for the government/secret service etc. to actively pursue a stranded alien?
What would be the best way to get clean, drinkable water in a medieval city?
Police have to fight with words instead of fists. How does this affect society?
What would be the major weather patterns on this map?
If a naga was 7' tall how long would it be?
What are the potential applications of a "stellar dimmer switch"?
What weapons would a giant human use?
How to cause an exodus from the west coast of the United States inland?
How can I re-fit the Atlantis story to a location in the Caribbean?
Building Revelation Jerusalem: A City of Gold and Gems
Will moons orbiting gas giants always be tidally locked?
What could totally submerge a city without causing too much damage?
Is 3.04 teratonnes of TNT from an asteroid collision extinction level damage?
Chemical propulsion for first stage of a light sail deployment?
73 Gigatonnes of TNT upon collision could cause how many casualties?
Could eating rocks provide sufficient calories for survival?
Would it be possible for a humanoid creature to use mitosis
Could a futuristic world still have a medieval-like architecture?
What substances would be really valuable if transmuting material printers would exist?
How do I make my recruitment process vampire-friendly?
How will a man w. modern understanding of Physics, Programming and Chemistry understand and use magic without breaking the laws that governs it?
What will happen if the moon started to move closer to the earth?
Is moving faster than light speed a paradox?
Creating a realistic world map - fisheries
Could the Internet of Things eventually supplant Democracy?
What a reasonable person should conclude from these circumstances?
How would historians remember the Extraplanetary Wars from a neutral standpoint?
What factors would make it likely / unlikely that a government would want to and be capable of hiding known alien activity?
How large would an orbiting structure have to be to be largely unexplored after 100 years?
What kind of planet would have a “megamareal” tidal range?
What would the climate of the moon be like if it were big enough to have an atmosphere?
The Ice Age Cometh: Global Balance of Power
If we discovered time travel, what would happen to the value of currency?
Terraforming Mars with a comet
Biological and ecological considerations for a giant worm
How do I destroy a duouniversal shield?
What good are psychics who control the strong or weak forces?
If we were able to control the Earth's spin with magic, could we defeat the Rocket Equation?
Solar powered plane without batteries
How much energy to destroy the crust of a planet?
Culture and law if humans evolved with the ability to manipulate the four classical elements (to an extent)?
What's the width of the average mountain?
If I plan to have myself resuscitated in the future, how can I make sure someone actually remembers to do that?
Using Laser Fence to Mis-direct Bullets
What could hard light be?
As we increase the size and mass of a world, at what point does it become impossible for a rocket to achieve an orbit or escape velocity?
How would colonists from the Outer Solar System see UNAPA?
What cultural traits are common across biomes?
Genetically Diverse Slaves
How Can I Keep an Economy Stable Using Food as Currency?
Is a moon made entirely of water possible?
Alien Invasion, Military Strategy and Genetic Enhancements
Would a society which possesses knowledge of all aspects of science from the time of early culture likely still form religions?
What if the Moon gets a new big crater?
How to keep a (reanimated) mummified body in good condition
How fast would a planet have to be spinning for the centrifugal/centripetal force to cancel out the force of gravity near the equator?
Murder in the Age of Pervasive Surveillance
What would it feel like on the surface of a planet while it collides with another planet?
Blue Cryovolcanic Planet
Possibilities For A Floral Adaptive Radiation
How do I store Helium in a large space colony?
Which would be the most human situable place at Mercury to set up a base?
How technological advanced a civilization would need to be to prove the existance of the shadow Earth?
What to teach at schools in fantasy
Reasonably housing a billion students
Would it be possible for an alien species to eat metal?
Technological development without writing
How can I turn a plant into something metal-like?
What consequences could a higher surface gravity have on life and geological evolution?
Which Particles would make a particle beam weapon visible outside an atmosphere?
Can the US military seize a country which has the ability to kill anyone based on the victim's name and face?
May beings that jump off from planets for interplanetary travel be possible?
How do you know an invisible person is near to you and catch him with day-to-day items?
How does a spacecraft attempt an intercept course with a hostile one realistically (Part I)?
Why are the only Angels left aligned with the 'good' gods?
Is a Niven-esque toroidal planetismal really possible? And stable?
How plausible is this form of government; where you get votes depending on the amount of income tax paid
How do I name my Hero?
Would ablation be an effective way to redirect objects in space?
What would be the simplest scientific experiment conducted by a lay man to determine that the time has been altered and we all are living in the past
Is a space elevator with wings feasible? (engineering, not economic concerns)
What would a galactic Empire based off Plato's Utopia (from his "Republic" and "Laws") be like?
A radar-invisible stealth car?
How do you get rid of nationwide, gargantuan protests?
You can control a Demon by knowing its True Name, but why?
how to tell the difference between magic and divine intervention?
How feasible is a social order based on the immunity of people to harmful external stimuli?
In the shadow of a planet (science fiction)
In a fantasy setting, what would races of varying intelligence need to learn in order to complete quests?
RPG adventurers - the ultimate migrant workforce?
How to make criminal underworld to change into league of gentlemen?
How Long can someone be Cryogenically Frozen?
Could a life form evolve a biological type of quantum computer?
How much could a regular human know?
Would it be possible to create an artificial volcanic island?
How can humans avoid killing any insect?
Methods to ensure gene flow in species with seperate sapient and non-sapient lifecycle
Nuclear explosion from nuclear waste?
What can I do to the zombie virus to make it more effective?
Living with computers in a post-singularity world:
The Possibility Life Patents?
Where in the galaxy would one find the most heavier elements?
What would be the equivalent of a Mouse in VR/MR/AR?
Can the world's timeline alteration be reversed?
How can we live off of all the food
How, if at all, can space battleships mitigate gun recoil?
Geothermal vents as main source of heat in atmosphere
Is there a reliable way to store all stable elements?
Far Future, Space. Most plausible way to store short-term energy?
Light Emitting Animals - What happens to the food chain?
Could there be a planet that is naturally comprised of elements past ununoctium?
How would it affect society and politics if you have to pay for each vote?
Animals migrating north from Africa after meteor hit Earth - era of 'ice'
Is a steampunk style Clockwork robot possible?
Would a society that functions on knowledge work?
Is diamond armor better than traditional armor?
Reconstructing a Killer's Face from Victim's Eyes/Brain
Insect-like animal using water for blood?
How efficient would a rubber superhero fight?
What is the limit of a human's memory if Immortal?
Can I have a planetary liquid or gas ring system?
Do humans have the technology necessary to stop the Gulf Stream?
If Earth was surrounded by transparent solar panels, how would it impact the global climate?
The Two Types of Angels
How many "HEMP satellites" in LEO to disable electrical equipment planet-wide and how to put them in the right position
How can I make an alphabet for a fictional dialect of a real language?
Humanoids with digitigrade legs?
How can I explain why my race has genders but can't reproduce?
How does a spacecraft attempt an intercept course with a hostile one realistically (Part II)?
Methods for drug intake/delivery
How anyone would find unusual abilities?
GPLv4: All our code are belong to Micro$oft. How much damage is done?
What single change would have given the best chance for Iraq to win the Iraq War?
Live die repeat, and win: how do we fight an army that can reset time?
Making a Modern Minimal Monastery
What are people doing while they wait for the apocalypse?
How would I know if I were a 1 mm tall robot?
Just how big can I make this dragon?
How to effectively slow down a ship about to shoot through the Solar System at 0.6c?
How can you have dualism in Hard SF?
Language shift over a long period of independent development
What happens when we travel to our new dimension?
D&D Worldbuilding: Magical Drug
What Material Would A flexible Human Mech suit be reinforced with?
Lab Bred Human Soldiers vs robot
Off the grid scenario
Strengths and limitations of humans with endless energy
How would one mark directions in three dimensional space without north/south/east/west?
How to defend against an alien invasion
How can I make my deteriorating world's society accept that only 1% (fairly chosen by the government) can have better living conditions?
What does it take for us all to just get along?
How to have a tribe measure the tides while living under the sea?
How do I start a secret society
How can I transmit signals from one part of the body to another without using nerves?
How to boost the immune system?
Implications of total virtual reality immersion for gaming
What is the minimum human body size needed for respiration?
How to maintain the independence of an isolated school?
Why would an alien race have developed space travel and yet not have other technology?
Could a human baby develop and grow into an adult under constant 3-4G?
Can rebelling US state join the commonwealth?
Behavior of neutron star material outside of neutron star
Mosquito Assassin 2: Curiosity killed with A catalyst!
Why would a species fear its own children?
Why would intelligent zombies not use weapons
A monkey-like creature with no legs?
Recommended Space Simulator?
You need to disguise a manual as the diary of a madman. How?
Would it be possible for an alien race to stop all bodily functions?
What is the highest magnitude of destruction practical for a WMD?
Can machines raise socially functioning people?
How can we catch a teleporter?
How does the UK government react to a worldwide supernatural event?
How can we imprison a teleporter?
Why is brain uploading considered to be effective immortality?
Could I intentionally trigger a Yellowstone eruption?
How would the lifestyle of people change if they learned to live by doing photosynthesis?
What's the smallest change to physics required to allow magic?
Redesigning the human body to flourish on a high-gravity world?
Mimics and wooden chests: chest-like monsters, or monster-like chests?
How would the 2016 human scientific community react if a massive space-faring alien "whale" entered the Solar System?
Could I create a shock on Earth's crust so strong that it would affect the other side of the Earth?
Lingual drift in isolation
Anatomically Correct Xenomorph
Imbalance between male and female magician population - What would be the implications?
What Alloys would be practical for making a sword that melts through things
Reality of a Tidally Locked Planet?
Feasibility of giant flatworm people
Salt marsh Macroflora
A Recent Mass Extinction--How Long Must Life Reel Itself Back In?
Our Universe, but with a parallel component that is somehow connected to every location
How practical would a staff with knobs on the end be?
Edibility of alien flora and fauna and the effects
Can a Whipple Shield be a viable method of space combat protection?
Nature versus science
Why would shapeshifters choose to keep an original form?
How do I effectively wage war against an aquatic alien species?
What might 3-dimensional time look like?(from a hypothetical standpoint?)
What would the weather be like underground?
The Messinian Salinity Crisis--Should It Repeat Itself In a Circle?
What does a fourth physical dimension look like?
How can self-replicating machines collect and sort raw material?
Weird shennanigans with Artificial Gravity
Alien Periodic Table of Elements
How to stop overcrowding?
Major Mountain Ranges...Minus the Ice
Is it possible to build long-lived macro-scale structures out of non-atomic substances?
Aden Bahçesi, Great Lakes Earth
How to end the world by earthquake?
How to trap a super speedster
Without taxes, who pays for roads/highways?
Sailing the Douro River against the current during 14th century
An armor that deflects any physical forces against it
Traversable Wormholes and or an Alternative Naturally Caused Time Portal?
Evolution of animals' eyesight on habitable planets orbiting TRAPPIST-1?
Sports when bodies are mostly expendable
An Accurate Depiction of Early-Mid Cretaceous Coastal North America?
Could animal life develop on the TRAPPIST-1 planets?
Tech tree or tech levels
Force Field in Science Fiction shows and movies
How might "the force" in star wars work if it was real?
Entirely too much mana from the heavens
Birds can mind-control everyone, what will happen to humans?
Exoplanetary Review: Rock Storms
Exoplanetary Review: Acid Rain
Species with many different looks which can interbreed
How could an advanced civilization have no more than a basic knowledge of biology?
Help me throw rocks at a planet
Why would a parasite evolve sapience?
How would early Homo sapiens and a humanoid marsupial interact?
What similarities could I expect to find across alien nervous systems?
What would be the optimal shape for a spacecraft intended primarily for use in space (but capable of landing)?
Business Assets of Time Travel
How might a collective such as The Borg develop?
How can I set up the environment so that my creatures don't get sick?
Starbuilding: What is lacking in the logic behind Cosmos 2 star system generation algorithm?
A nuclear weapon to destroy the earth - in public domain!
What can cause the aliens not to understand our signal?
How would I evolve horns on humans?
How could a winged human hide their wings?
Who would win in a fight an Easter island head or a Spanish Conquistador
If Al Gore had won the 2000 U.S. presidential election, who would have been the Republican nominee in 2004?
Would a sentient species be able to thrive when mating means the death of the male partner?
Consolidation of the Earth's Governments into Superstates
The ultimate weapon from nowhere
A charred human arm appears from thin air; what can we learn from it?
Changes in society under constant threat
How to make exomoon lightning storms
Effects of a super-Jupiter collision in a planetary system
Man vs the gods
Why would merfolk evolve arms?
What could alien spores (flora) do to humans?
Geology of a supermassive Dyson sphere
Limiting volcanism to certain points on an exomoon
Climatology of a supermassive Dyson sphere?
Why might a plant evolve a brain and the ability to move?
How long can New York City survive under a Dome?
How realistic is Metro 2033
Plausible pseudo-scientific explanation for cold iron?
How to fight enemy you can't concentrate your eyesight on?
galactic travel : an alternative to FTL
My massive pile of books: How big can it get?
New York City As Imagined By Hugh Ferriss
A cold desert planet
How to explain realms without magic?
Would it be possible to a world to have multiple ages across itself, but in the same time?
Creating a city and commuter suburbs around it?
Using Saint Peter to Make Volkshalle a Reality
Impact Winter: light as a commodity
How dark would an impact winter really be?
Is there a more effective way to build a language than a word frequency list?
What adaptations would an aquatic humanoid species need to develop sonar?
What sorts (if any) of edible fungi (or other species) can survive lowlight conditions?
Binary planet eclipses
Regional Climate in a Dyson Sphere
A person with no magic in a magic dependent world
An insect-mammal crossbreed: the myrmecoleon
Is it possible for an herbivore to evolve into a carnivore
Could a person survive in an environment in which the Gs increase by 50% every month for 14 months if the environment started at 1G?
Practical problems of near-light-speed travel
I run an evil cyberpunk corporation. How do I convince a government that hates me pass a bailout that helps me?
Machines in four spatial dimensions
When Tropical Plants Suffer a Big Frost
In what ways would politics differ if politicians wore body cameras?
Floating buildings on Venus. What shapes are credible?
Fictional drug where withdrawal is fatal? (like Melange in Dune)
What would be the most extreme form of a surveillance state? And what would living/working in it look like?
What animals would be quickest to adapt to a low gravity world?
Suitable name for book of prophecies, book of riddles
Why would an alien species want to hand out FTL technology to lesser races that it deems "worthy"?
How would high-gravity hinder an sentient species's progress for space-exploration?
At what point does sensitive hearing become a hindrance instead of an advantage? (For a predator.)
"Hardest" way to introduce impossible materials into Sci-Fi universe?
Can We Build an always changing maze?
Is it possible to use just the motion of self-resetting pendulums to generate a steady, clean and limitless amount of electricity for society?
Why would a medieval civilization completely destroy their enemy?
If I were to write about a superhero, what would be a plausible material for the mask?
Plausible reason why magic users aren't in charge
How to knock down electronics on a large scale?
Roots When Creating A Language
Fantastical acceptance
Massive planets around an old blue star
Could there be a universe in which energy divided by distance is conserved?
Mating and Death: Modern Life Disrupted
What type of food might an organism that lives its entire life in interstellar space eat?
Thermal balance for the surface where the atmosphere absorbs most energy
What ways are there to keep a steady altitude with large fluctuations regarding load?
How long can a power plant continue to generate electricity without maintenance by people?
Klemperer rosette vs Relativistic Kill Vehicles
Do separate races (not species) automatically portray a racist world?
How big could an organism that lives its entire life in outer space get before collapsing from its own gravity?
What adaptations would an elephant's trunk need to have human-like prehensility?
What animals lend themselves to being ridden by Quadrupeds?
Ideas for a hero using lightning to incapacitate captors - on a ship in the middle of an electrical storm
Resources for Climate World building
How can I create a realistic linguistic drift effect?
How many people or how much force is needed to pave a path through a forest?
Atoms as elementary particles?
Could there be a type of mass that moves in a direction perpendicular to its momentum?
Can We Build Erebor
What is a feasible source for a magic system's energy?
How would politics and culture be affected if "in the same country" means "within 300 km of each other"?
How would society change if people did not die from old age?
What sort of geological features or weather patterns would create a region with the same temperature year-round?
Can we use the Sun as an interstellar signal lamp?
City state with a direct democracy turns into an empire?
Would a planet with a 4 year solar orbit have differing seasons?
Defending against magic
How viable are my glass towers with (Arab-Islamic) Renaissance technology/engineering?
If someone was stabbed in the heart how fast would their regeneration abilities have to be for it not to kill them?
How to defeat the two-party system?
SciFi multi stellar human empire post collapse
How would a secret society/corporation get food to underground bases?
How could a species that sheds its skin make lasting artificial changes to its outer body?
Could dragons theoretically breathe alcohol based fire?
How to evacuate large parties of people from urban areas into safe zones within a reasonable amount of time?
How do we catch a shape-shifter
How to cool an underground secret base?
The Alps, Great Lakes Earth
Theoretically, would it be possible for a human to break another human''s neck?
could oil rigs or similar structures be constructed with Industrial Revolution level tech?
How To Create Your World WITHOUT Building From Scratch
A city built inside the skeleton of a beast?
How could an evil king start by himself his kingdom from ground-up using his recently conquered kingdom?
Realistically calculating the movements of someone with super strength
What games would young gods enjoy as "referees"?
World where everyone can know what everyone is thinking
Suddenly, everyone in a world can know the thoughts of everyone else. What happens?
Alien Wings, a Different Design
How would the design of tools differ if people had developed crassly dissimilar hands?
How would mountains and hills have to be made-up in order to impede tunneling them WHILE still allowing them to be mined out?
Seasons in a Dyson sphere
New Global System to lower the murder rate on Earth
What would be the state of decay in an abandoned city?
How would lack of stars , sundials , and compasses affect the exploration age?
Economy in Mirror-Worlds
How long of a clearspan could a movable bridge have with only late-medieval materials and craftsmanship?
What would be a plausible mechanism for conception involving an arbitrary number of gametes?
What series of evolutionary events would lead to isogamous (not isogynous) animals?
Can humanity complete a massively complicated task in a day, if it must do so to save itself?
How could a modern day city lose all connection with the outside world?
Aliens are on their way. What can cause them to not understand us?
Mars seed bombardment
Writing an article on a town, how can I make it into an interesting and worthy article? [from my world's equivalent of Wikipedia]
Urban environment in post-apocalyptic setting
Can a weapon choose its worthy wielder without magic?
mountain fallout glasshouse construction
What would be the most-optimal location for the Lunar Radiotelescope?
Present time travelers in bronze age - how much could they boost technological development?
Unified post apocalypse currency between multiple others
How strong would a human being be if they could turn into living metal?
Why would a body plan with multiple eating mouths evolve?
What can I do to make a Bartering system stable?
post-apocalyptic sexual discrimination and egalitarianism
Where can I find data on real world extrasolar planets, to use as inspiration for my imaginary world?
metal clothes: can we make them with modern tech?
Living in a nuclear bunker
Anatomically Correct Hydra
How do I choose the right name to suggest English nobility or royalty?
The Printing Press of Alexandria
Is the relationship between technological development and energy consumption one of correlation or causation?
How would the US change if people stopped growing old?
Would there be monsoons in a planet without axial tilt?
Natural underground water distribution in a desertic continent
Evolutionary pressure leading to mammals with scales
Why would a government passively encourage its people to not obtain a formal education?
Result of meeting with dragon?
Death Conspiracy
Sudden, unexpected Blitz like attacks all over the world. What would happen next?
How would a culture develop if it had to cover its hands at all time
What kinds of life would be found on a planet with little to no land or water?
Building and stabilizing a SupraWorld.
Could any type of technological advancement occur among a species with no prehensile limbs?
Would a very successful groundhogger day trader be in trouble?
If Tibet Could Do It, Should Other Plateaus?
What would life be like on a planet that spun just fast enough to negate gravity?
What aspects of a creature's hand would make it good for climbing but not good for tool use?
How to make GM/GMO children exceptionally loyal to one another?
How will life change when people become immortal?
I'm trying to do wordbuilding for my sci-fi world, and I need tech level entries
How strong do a giant hominid's muscles and bones need to be?
The Earth's population limit
Why does a family move to the moon?
Most effective method to prolong the life of a single person?
Cheaper, Faster, Better Housing
What production of power would be most efficient in a zombie apocalypse?
How long would it take a region to geologically settle down after a major cataclysm?
The affect of someone's mental reaction timing in a simulated or virtual reality
How much TnT do you need to destroy the Asian continent
What is the least impactful thing that could be done to wipe mankind , but allow the survival of other animal life?
Extreme cold protocols
The Rocky Mountains, Great Lakes Earth
What history supports modern day Gladiatorial Combat?
Slowly Sculpting the Planet - Sky within a Red Dwarf System (Cont'd)
What power plant is the easiest to reboot and run by Average Joe?
Why would the richest and strongest country on Earth consistently fail at Big Projects?
Is it possible for one star to orbit another?
How to convince a dragon to help people in battle?
What are the conditions like in Mercury orbit?
How could "groundhogging" work, and what explanation would require the least handwaving?
Does a Crazy person have a chance in taking over the world?
How could a government get away with genocide?
What would a receding seabed provide for human civilization?
Earth with small humans
Is an "Underwater Metropolis" possible today?
Is it possible for plasma based robot to exist?
A Worldwide Pandemic
Why would a country employ a robotic police force?
Tomato growth in different systems
How could a human civilization have happened to live underground, in Antarctica?
Can life be powered by thermal conduction?
Would a culture with magic consider it magic?
How could matings between two species produce only female offspring?
What would be the main reason to avoid providing confidential data to the police by a company?
What would be the immediate effects of no electric current?
What stellar qualities would allow our Sun to support human photosynthesis?
What are some steps / guidelines for making a constructed language?
Could a planet be at the center of the universe, yet still have a sun?
How could a society with computers still use animals for physically demanding activities?
What would make scientists realize they were on a flat world?
The Effects of Magic Provided by an Effective Narcotic
What kind of atmosphere would the Moon be able to maintain
Makeshift wetsuit?
How plausible is a volcanic planet with a hundreds of miles tall atmosphere, flying mountains and radio interference?
Given the possibility for criminal use and the growing regulations on air traffic, how could we bring flying cars closer to a reality?
Is a planet with a primarily reddish/pinkish sky a plausible place for humans to live on?
Would a black population whiten over generations because of living underground?
Given present-day Earth as we know it, how could I fake a radio transmission as coming from a distant star?
What form of transmission for zombies would be most effective?
How technologically advanced must a civiliastion be to make present day society think it is magic?
Could humans dig out a 20km tunnel through quartzite by hand?
How to make food last indefinitely
What to call a civ/nation that has technology but does not utilize or rely upon it?
Are hoofed bipeds feasible?
Does drugging prisoners actually solve anything?
Planet trajectories in a made-up night sky
How would superpowers change the world's economics?
What should humans do in a supernova?
Richest strongest country fails
How to start a Venus syndrome?
Tempertures below zero degrees Kelvin
Calamity breaking a supercontinent in days - Would there be any survivors?
What experiments on humans could possibly go wrong and cause these side effects?
A World Without Gravity and How it Would Work
How to change soldier into healer and scientist?
What scientifically would make it possible that certain large bodies of water be impassable?
Elemental Healing
Gravitational waves as "reaction mass"?
Time, place and "look" on tidally locked planet?
Airborne Hotels - Stabilizing and steering a Cloud Nine tensegrity sphere
Can a star orbit around a planet?
What's a word for a dragon who eats only nonintelligent animals?
How advanced could a sub-glacial civilization get before being aware of outerspace?
Could a 'Bartertown'- type power source work?
What would an underground population say instead of "What in the world?" or "What on Earth?"
Is it possible to carve caves in a dormant/extinct volcano?
Why would merfolk have hair?
Modern society with Victorian moral ideals
Would a 'suppression device' for computer chips have health risks?
Why would an underwater creature remain lodged to its prey?
a habitable planet orbiting a Neutron Star that moves through galaxies
Hottest possible terrestrial planet
Artificial gravity and inertia negation
How can waste be disposed of in an isolated system?
The taxonomy of the alchemical spheres of Air and Water?
Forward time travel via strong gravitational forces
Seasons and Day/Night Cycles on Horseshoe Habitable Worlds?
Is it possible for coronal mass ejections or perhaps a gamma ray burst to cause firestorms on an earth-like planet?
What would packs of wild dogs have to do to depopulate a city?
Tidal locking timescale assumption
Could Large Dinosaurs Actually Shake the Ground While Walking?
Is there a "best" way to start worldbuilding?
Color-changing armored creature?
Why do people continue to live in an unfavorable location when there are significantly greener pastures?
How did people know where to mine in the middle ages?
How many people can the government realistically save?
Gravitational field as protection for tanks or battleships
What could disable most of a space ship in space?
Could a creature fly like a helicopter?
How would merfolk go to the bathroom?
If humans had wings, how big would they have to be?
Computer prosessors and magnetic storage is gone, how do we rebuild the technology?
Creaturebuilding: finless waterdwelling animal
What would be the outer space equivalent of a country?
Would being able to predict our deaths change our culture?
How to make storms that temporarily suppress electronics
Realistic sword designs for ceremonial and practical purposes
Technological Underdevelopment of Colony
What should dwellings look like for a winged humanoid?
Would a destroyed orbital body's orbit decay?
How could a species survive on just luring in and eating humans?
Are there any issues with using water as radiation shielding on a Martian colony?
Dragons and Aviation Bureaucracy, the spin-off: what about piloted, non-sentient beings?
What size object could wreak havoc on a world but not "destroy" it?
Why would the Government kill those it can't save?
If Earth was sucked in black hole,would it just stay there or it would be crushed by gravity pressure?
What would culture be like on a 1 Light Year Diameter Planet?
Larger Lady Liberty
Civilization without the concept of holidays and weekends
Society structure/ gender roles where biological sex consists of dominant and recessive alleles
Civilization without the concept of "entertainment"
Nitrogen oxide atmosphere
Must life be molecular/atomic scale nanotechnology?
How could water breathing animals have a warm-blooded level of metabolism?
Color of a nitrogen oxide atmosphere
Why are low gravity humans depicted as TALL?
What would be the consequence of higher oxygen level in water
How could Life develop on a planets with 9 year days
How would modern firearms behave in a high oxygen atmosphere?
What are some reasons why a civilization would "shut off" a simulated world?
What would the science be behind a monster who can only see shades of red, black and white?
What would happen to life on Earth if the planet had total cover of permanent clouds?
How would hormonal sentience work and affect the way a brain works in a plant or fungoid?
Limitless Omniscience?
Tri-Helix trajectory for a 4D magic system allowing time-travelling
Nitrogen oxide atmosphere: Breathing masks
How to organize and improve a set of rules?
How would a person be able to find out if they're their own show?
Will artificial selection for religiosity make the gods real?
What would take the place of arm wrestling in a handless humanoid species?
The Reality of a River World
What would it be like to use a vibro-blade
Can asteroid fields exist in local systems?
Would the sunset look similar to ours on a floating-island earth?
How would a six kilometre long space station appear when viewed from the ground?
Could plants and chemosynthetic bacteria exist in a symbiotic relationship?
Could a time traveler prevent the Black Plague?
Spaniards are a no-show (for now)- would the Aztecs expand northward?
Demons come from another planet instead of "Hell". How would this affect human's beliefs, mythology?
Could an organism have evolved to kill its prey by shouting at it?
Realistic legal punishment in post-apocalyptic setting
Preventing a primitive civilization from being exposed to light
A Glass Window in an Underwater City
Can a closely orbitting moon with a much different atmosphere from ours come close enough for their atmospheres to overflow?
Would a horseshoe orbit planet be able to travel to their partner planet?
Kuehneosauridae and powered flight?
How to Breathe Both on Land and Under the SEA
Corporation monopoly on production impact on Economy
Why certain (sub)cultures would reappear in a far future?
Could humanity survive if all except a few males died in a plague?
What if the speed of light was not constant?
How would plants survive an extremely long, cold night
A simple, yet effective, respirator
Scheduled mating a good idea?
What part of the coast gets hit by the tsunami?
Iterative urban design rules?
What if a new device could modify sentience-suppressing fields?
Is there a way to "poison" oil fields permanently without releasing CO2 from them?
How is the choice of banknote denominations made?
Safe destruction of kinetic projectiles
Alternate Elemental Bases for Life
Noticing a space-fight or, A muzzle-flash on the deep
Logical coherence of my magic system
Can I have an entire nation fighting an enemy to the death?
What would lead a highly xenophobic and ethno-purist race to miscegenate?
Could a person see with glowing eyes?
should the dinosaurs roar (or scream) in my mesozoic world?
How can mathematical equations be expressed without equations?
What are the limitations of silver?
Is it possible for divergent plate tectonics to produce mountain ranges?
"Tachyonic precurors" as an early warning system
What would happen over one month, territorially, if everyone inside the borders of China just magically disappeared?
Gravity difference
A Highland Gingko Forest--Likely or Not?
How would a cave civilisation survive underground?
If a conscious machine were to kill someone, who would be responsible?
How to convince people to teleport themselves?
What if half a planet (not necessarily earth) was destroyed (not split)
The first vampires
How to explain atheism in a world where religious miracles are commonplace and spirits visit earth
Human hair color boundary?
How to keep Species "Pure-Bred"
Fusing Mars and Ganymede
Could a civilization engineer supernovae?
The effect of fullering on the rate of blood loss from puncture wounds
How long would it take to artificially breed sapience into apes?
Why would ghosts not fall downward?
How plausible are horses as primary long-distance transportation?
The Matrix: How to drag it out for as long as possible
Saving the planet by reducing the population
An alternative waterworld
is Cryomancy scientifically possible?
Are there optical specific alternatives to microchips and circuit boards?
Why do people create fictional languages?
Would towing icebergs to drought stricken countries be feasible?
Practical concerns of traveling with terror birds as mounts
Is it possible that a group of people can hear radio frequency (naturally)
Effects of increased air pressure on humans
Logic to support specialized kingdom level militaries
Can I make someone see whatever I want them to see?
Is it possible to orbit inside a gas giant?
How can I explain a sudden rediscovery of magical capability on humans?
What would international politics look like in a world where the supernatural is just apart of life?
How to build a "cloud city" in a gas giant?
Would humans win a war against sapient trucks?
Possibility of a terrestrial moon orbiting a Jovian planet for the setting of a fantasy world
Is uniqueness a fundamental property of nature?
Most scientifically accurate way for time travel
Immortal/indestructible creature developed naturally
How were swamps drained in early modern/colonial societies?
Military reaction to an abandoned city
2 Kindoms at war but are still co-dependant on each other
How might the emergence of intellectual traditions change the use of magic in my world?
How could a Kradjin change evolutionary if used through millennia as a mount?
Multi universal communication
How to construct a magic-based currency?
Could an impact crater make a world habitable?
Nuclear Energy vs. Ion Energy
What are some of the reasons for a river to split?
Would a 100% simulated war be a way to solve national conflict?
What may stop a Mars colony from declaring independence to make the project justifiable?
What would happen to the internet if Google disappeared?
Regulating Love Potions
Planetary immolation
Short term effects of being able to find perfect soul mate
The Marine Metropolis
Can this unique planet be colonized?
Using a lance while on a charging horse against ground based enemy
A hive-mind species based on distributed computing and peer-to-peer network
How hot/cold your hand should be to make small arms useless?
How would the world react if the left behind happened tomorrow?
Water-based computer
How large could an empire with WWII-era tech become on a very large world?
Anatomically Correct Naga
Getting Day-Night Cycle and Seasons for my Dyson Outies
Which fast STL drive could not be weaponized or results in perpetual motion?
How large could a planet be yet still approach 1 Earth gravity and support life as we know it?
If we separate the Atlantic and Pacific oceans and install a generator in Panama canal, how much electricity do we get?
What size does a subterranean base have to be for "natural" weather?
Dead bodies on a partially terraformed planet : Would they rot or dry?
Space Age to Bronze Age
Is a sudden slowing realistic?
VY Canis Majoris planetary system
Ash falling from the sky
What materials are needed to build large structures, such as castles?
How to naturally maintain a Earth-sized Planetary Ring System and the possible periodic bombardment that can ensue?
Impacts of the collapse of the current cyber-security?
The Feathered Serpent in Real Life
How would stopped time look from the outside?
What would've happened to Mars if our Moon crashed into it?
Two orbits, Four habitable planets in the goldilocks zone?
How could I make a signet ring design uncopyable in a world with magic?
If I have multiple identical AI Oracles that can answer only Yes or No, can I play them against each other to detect a treacherous turn?
How to resupply a starship?
Where a King's Guard member and his family live?
What species, given sapience, has the best chance defeating humanity?
Say I accidentally release an AI
Would the atmosphere of an alien planet with the following mixture of gases be breathable to humans?
Working together to create a zombie Outpost
How do underwater societies develop mining?
How do I isolate a city?
Plausibility and ramifications of a mammal with both rut cycles and induced ovulation?
Sexual reproduction without biological sex
How do Hyperspace Jumps work?
Underwater Sneak Attack
Effect of 32 hour days?
The Midwest, Great Lakes Earth
What could cause a planets day to lengthen suddenly?
Would complex life evolve on this planet, and could humans survive on it without much outside help?
Could my moons-planet system be stable?
How can I move a planet?
Realistic Reasons for a highly advanced society to have a true feudal system of government
Can a planet have 10x Earth mass, 4x Earth gravity and support intelligent life?
Does a planet's axial tilt and seasonal progression affect a planetary-ring system, as seen from the planet surface?
How much time & money would need to be invested into a colony before it's self sufficent?
Cardinal Directions On A Non-Spherical World
Would it be possible to grow bamboo on the Earth's moon?
How to ensure repayment of investment from space colonies in an information economy?
Is a habitable planet in a sextenary star system possible?
What would the world be like without search engines?
What could prevent a sentient species from going to space?
Speeding up time?
Is a civilization of species that are predominantly females possible?
How does air circulate in deep underground network?
How do you produce fast grown working clones?
Humans weaker than natives in 0.5g
What would a Boeing 747 look like if it were left in a hangar for 5,000 years. Could it still be flown?
Day/Night temperature variation on tidally locked binary planets
What evolutionary history would support Neophobic sapience
How can a Dragon Zombie be killed?
How would society change if all limitations on contracts were removed?
Is it worth colonizing a planet that travels near the speed of light?
What genetic changes and physiological adaptations to humans would allow women to produce more children
Habitable moon of a gas giant: working out the size of the tide
How smart can I make ants?
Shake 'n bake colonies
How would financial systems change in a universe where time dilation by individuals is feasible?
Could a planet half the radius of Earth with the same surface gravity exist?
What knowledge would you need to survive a fall from low-orbit?
What would've happened if Spartacus marched upon Rome
Magic and Electricity
Visibility in a ringworld atmosphere?
How much water would remain at the poles of these planets?
How feasible is it for authorities to track down a spy from signal leakage of a tightbeam transmission?
Could a Time Traveller prevent the Civil War in the United States?
Explosives in the Middle Ages
Heat-absorbing species maintaining ideal body temperature
The Universe's Own End
The Japanese Mega-Pyramid in Ancient Egypt--Would it Work?
What if our planet had only daytime?
Safe distance from a black hole?
How society would evolve if supermarkets were disappearing tomorrow?
Why don't planes drop their fuel tank during falling to avoid explosion?
How would someone hide an asteroid in the void of space so only they could find it?
Can you harness electricity without metal?
Is the Idea of a Collective Consciousness Realistic?
Million-year-old records
The Earth's overcrowded, so let's build another one
How would cheap gamma-ray laser turrets change near-future battlefields?
Lost in the multiverse: how to find home?
How close would merging black holes have to be to feel gravitational waves?
What qualities are needed for a blind archer to effectively hunt from an air mount?
Pros and Cons of Alternative Food Chain Bases
Is this 3D Printing/ Molecular Bonding/ Reconstructing realistic?
Apocalypse To-Do List
Re-organize meals in a 32-hour day?
Migrating Dungeon Monsters / Why do monsters not leave the dungeons?
Can we land on a planet with methane-oxygen atmosphere?
If I replace physics with magic and obsolete scientific theories, is the nitty-gritty developed nations take for granted important enough to explain?
What would make scientists realize their planetary system is inside a hollow sphere?
How long would it take for infastructure to fail if humans disapeared?
Are sheer numbers enough to beat a foe with more advanced technology?
Why would a civilzation willingly choose to join a collective
How do members of a collective consciousness separate themselves from another?
Modifying the definition of action
Is a double circulatory system useful?
Planetary division, survival and repopulation (threefold question)
How to classify military spacecraft?
Energy to destroy our solar system?
Different options for post-nuclear fallout societies
How long would it take for consumable magic items to displace formal mages?
The Noble Plebian
What phonemes would a snouted animal (e.g. dog or cat) be able to pronounce?
The Domesticated Elephant
Best country for humans with superpowers to hide?
What levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide can humans cope with on prehistoric Earth?
What forms of ammunition/munitions could people realistically manufacture or recycle when modern infrastructure and society is collapsing?
Need help for developing an ending to my sci-fi short film idea
Vegan Warfare: Could we reach modern levels of weapons technology?
Heated Brick vs. Solid Stone Brick
The practicalities of riding an antlered stag?
How large would a planet have to be to be unable to support bipedal life
Hiding nature from the civilians in a massive city that relies on natural resources?
Could a large scale Tunguska air burst cause a mass extinction?
Realistic Marvel indestructibility/immortality
Is it possible to create a consistent timer using only gravity?
Genetically modified foothill plants to terraform Mars
How can we catch an invisible man?
Nailing the physics of a negative mass planet
Could the inhabitants of a acidic world still develop a technologically advanced society without metallurgy?
Faux-natural barriers between environments in a world-sized zoo
Size of a multi dimensional Labyrinth
A world 'similar' to ours
breathable Athmosphere
Creation Myth Development Help
Stopping Hurricanes (Cyclones) with Liquid Nitrogen?
Zombies Versus Skeletons: Optimal Strategies?
How could a collective consciousness evolve?
Could everyone be paid the same amount?
Software/website for public world design?
Which goods make sense to transport over interstellar distances?
Reason to stay somewhere, that isn't survival
Would biological brain in a box considerably increase life expectancy?
What would block a planet from seeing the stars?
How to reconcile a feudal system with a congressional/parliamentary democracy...?
What "magical" effects can science produce
How much oxygen is too much?
Medieval weapons in a steampunk world?
How strong would a person need to be to hold back a horde?
How to build a fortress on a floating island?
Using an asteroid as a slingshot for defense
Raining octopuses
Preventing A Transhumanist Infinite Loop
Would armour made of spider silk work?
Can non-Newtonian fluid properties be applied to armor?
Is it possible to have a planet with just one climate?
Any websites with exhaustively long lists of dead planet types?
Is Cancer Biologically Universal?
How can I catch an asteroid?
Advanced civilisation and a rogue planet approaching
What would losing 70-80% of the world's population realistically look like?
Probable criteria for Ramming to become popularized for Space Combat
How would humans evolve on a planet with over-abundant resources and few predators?
Feasibility of Spaceship Artillery
How to increase magical strength
Planet Wars 1 : Where to start?
Where to hide my evil Overlord?
Is it possible for plants such as trees or grasses to evolve to exploit bioluminescent bacteria?
How would we terraform Mars?
How could a slightly magical, mechanical race survive landing a craft on an Earth-like Planet from space?
Could Spore's Spice Geysers Exist?
How does the full moon effect the human body? (CONTEXT: Possible causes for werewolf transformations)
Ultraviolet bioluminescence
What could cause Venus to go from an Earth like state to its current state?
Delaying the Bottleneck Crisis
Modern/Near Future Melee Armor
What happens to a world's working population between the phases of manual labor and total automation?
How is Charybdis powered?
How does a collective consciousness species avoid overpopulation?
How big can we make a telescope?
Pheromone-based language
Why should I depend on my minions?
How could mermaids talk with gills?
How far can one see off into the distance when up high?
What technology would be considered "magic?"
Heavy metal planets in a globular cluster
Is it physically possible to dodge arrows?
Is this reptilian race realistic?
Can we control an astronomical object?
What would cause male and female insectoid aliens to become highly dimorphic and live in different environments?
Can Dungeon Monsters work together?
How will a god gain belief?
Mars restarting/ heating the core?
How can someone be invulnerable to any damage down to cellular levels while still having a limited lifespan?
How to keep mages from taking over the world?
What would a laptop look like after 300 years? Would it still work?
South Polar Bears
How could a society be based off of the rules/conventions of an RPG?
What metals have similar properties to iron and iron alloys?
A Non-Nuclear Apocalypse
How to "prove" a supernatural entity exists?
Styles of Melee Combat developed in microgravity
What practical/modern-day innovations would benefit an agrarian/feudal society?
Under what circumstances (natural or unnatural) could a sentient cell develop?
The stars are going out! (a question about vacuum metastability)
Is this insectoid species realistic?
What would the industrial age be like without oil and coal?
What would the Space/SciFi equivalent of an Adventurer's dungeon look like?
How much time is needed for a belt of migrating vegetation?
What would cause plant life not to spread onto land?
What could render a person blind without any visible markings?
When transported suddenly to ancient Persia - how to quickly show that I am from the future?
What games could an alien play with us?
Kidnapping children for magic training
Will I ever make it from Paris to New York in 10 hours when I'm in a time loop?
Plants that rise above the clouds, possible?
What would the air on a planet look like if it had a mostly methane atmosphere?
How could royals walk in order to wear out shoes to prove they could afford it?
World Government: What Term Replaces "Nationality"
The Subductive Hotspot
How can infantry and light cavalry defeat heavy cavalry in a valley?
Effects of "know before you vote" political system
Species and Race diversity and names
How would gear that could protect from extremely blinding light function?
Could a traditional phoenix be resurrected after being dead for centuries?
What fighting styles would claws lend themselves to in a bipedal intelligent cat-like species?
Is it possible for a mountain to be made out of glass?
Could a body of moving water be a colour other than blue?
Many but one, alone but together
How to introduce my perpetual motion invention to the scientific community?
Theoretical: Habitable planet in a binary star system
Slimes,bouncy green blobs
How did a Native American tribe become Steampunk?
Futuristic Sniper Rifle... Is My Logic Sound?
Anatomically Correct Unicorn
Is it possible for a forest with a similar climate to a jungle to have a rain cloud over it 24/7?
Stealing a diamond
How to deal with space pirates?
What evolutional adaptations would animals develop in microgravity?
What would be the best members for a collective consciousness?
How fast can a society be 'upgraded'?
Could we reach the earth's core using today's nuclear arsenal?
How feasible is a naturally armored creature in a desert environment?
Can medieval humans lack the idea of magic? What would cause that?
Would a humanoid creature with pointed legs/feet be able to stand, walk/run and maintain balance?
Could a humanoid race living in a desert evolve without eyesight, as a protective measure?
Subterranean Intelligent Species
Would life still be possible on Earth if its atmosphere suddenly became as dense as the Venusian?
A two-tier system in a magocratic kingdom
If the Black Death Weren't Bubonic
Suggestion for easily synthesized crystals?
Is a four armed arboreal reptile as described viable?
How Much Damage Would a Starship Crash Really Cause?
Where to put Stargate Command?
How to fake alien fingerprints?
How can I separate machines between those I want to be sentient, and those I don't?
Digital currency?
Could AI create some kind of physical team-based sport?
Do clones have fingerprints?
How would earth get affected by having a different orbit?
Ecosystem that never touches ground
Is there an upward limit to the size of spacecraft with "Centrifugal" gravity?
Effects of a literacy test written by the citizens themselves?
How would much stronger gravity affect tiny living things?
How to steal hemoglobin from other people/animals
How can humans and aliens reliably communicate?
Magic rules without logical loopholes
What benefits, if any, would animals have on an island given that they all have black fur or skin?
How to force linear movement in space?
Can a planet with only one pole cap exist?
Is it feasible for one subspecies to have a tail and the other, not to?
Effects of totally sleeping vs. just closing your eyes
Is it possible for life to exist on asteroids?
How much electric charge are dermis cells able to contain?
Can any sort of Plant evolve into an Advanced Animal Race?
How can communication with ancestors be explained without magic?
Can people live on Saturn's asteroid ring?
Suspended rocks in a gas giant's cloud layer?
Would the following organisation be under the UN's Military Staff Committee in a realistic scenario?
Natural Kessler Syndrome
How did humans in different regions evolve so differently?
How This Alternate Solar System Influences the Milankovitch Cycle
"Leveling up" as a cultural/societal function?
Does Earth have enough fuel to become a solar empire?
How to improve manorial living with modern low-tech innovations?
Storing money in your head
How would the world react to discovering it exists in a simulation?
Could a planet larger than earth with half the gravity have a denser atmosphere?
Hydrogen peroxide based life?
How can I preseve a small sample of blood for centuries?
Hydrogen sulfide replacing water?
What would a planet with no moon look like?
What do I call this type of Telepathy?
Could you pick up a loaded gun five centuries from now and fire it?
Where might one find the most standard depiction of "Grey Aliens" without artistic license taken?
Can a space station settlement orbit the sun?
Could Nuclear Weapons Divert or Destroy an Asteroid?
How long could you theoretically preserve a living human?
A medieval police force...?
Trying to make a dreamscape/dreamworld with real-world inspirations...?
Could a man-made black hole deorbit the moon?
Why there's a plan to live on Mars and not on the Moon?
How to construct a consistent ecology in an rpg fantasy world with monsters
Utilize virus & bacteria to perform fast kills
Would steel armor with gems embedded within its design be weaker than regular steel armor?
What is a feasible energy requirement to forge negative mass.
Can humans dislodge earth's orbit with our current weapons?
Does a mind-reading thought-implanting beast have to be conscious?
What would be the characteristics of life on a high surface gravity Earth-like planet
How long would guns stored in oil be operable?
Why do deities need to gain belief?
Why would governments want to cover up the existance of aliens?
Would it be possible for a planet orbiting a blue supergiant to develop intelligent life?
No Transference Of Wealth, Inheritance, etc
How could non-photosynthetic non-chemotrophic autotrophs create usable energy?
Bureaucracy based on Internet
Realistic perspective on "shadow/void/darkness" powers?
Is it possible for life to exist on the core of a gas planet?
Humanity finds a wormhole generator - can we power it?
What would happen if this FTL drive type concept were used in an atmosphere?
How can anthills use tools?
How might telekinesis and pyrokinesis work if they were possible?
How to think faster?
Explained? Dimensional travel limit
Could this complex star system work in real life?
Is a world with an average temperature of 34 °C habitable for humans?
Is it feasible to have a nomadic space civilization?
Utilizing oil as an incendiary weapon
How would sentient intelligent, normal-sized mice fight against humans?
Can there be a moon within a planetary ring?
Could an asteroid aerocapture around Earth?
How fast could Earth rotate and continue to support life?
Anatomically Correct King Kong
Science-based FTL drive
Can a split personality itself have split personalities?
Could a being able to draw energy from its surroundings have increased strength?
What are the main archetypes of models to explain primary and secondary world connection in urban fantasy?
Under the following conditions, would any technological civilisation build a chemical rocket, and if so, how?
What should a modern human-turned-king do to accelerate medieval society and science to modern standards?
Escaping the universe
How can I design spacesuits for Anthills?
Human versus robot/AI politicians
Would below freezing level kill all life?
How would a species with detached limbs come about, and what benefits would it enjoy?
Could mankind have domesticated the zebra as a riding animal?
Animal like Pando
Diamagnetism for telekinesis?
How would a giant structure in the sky affect life below it?
Movement for a spherical desert creature
Countries with a limit on how much money people can spend in a year
10 Commandments to prevent technological development
Character has the ability to change the value of mass what can he do?
Glass Vs. Transparent Aluminum
Could The Thing or similar organisms (Zerg, Flood etc.) exist in real life?
Why would super-advanced aliens go undercover as humans?
What would come first, the colonization of the solar system or interstellar colonization?
What would count or define as an eldritch abomination?
If all of the world's nuclear weapons were simultaneously detonated in one place, what would be the effect of this on the opposite side of Earth?
Dam wall failure: How to stop a Domino effect?
What evolutionary benefits does a hexapodal body plan have?
What would the weather be like on a flat dome world?
No Ash Available--In Need of Aggregates
Is a plague that is only contagious from a living host feasible?
Evolutionary factors that might create Grey Aliens?
Can a disease be airborne but not be contagious by other means?
How to decrease capitalism harm over time?
Are there any ways to allow some form of FTL travel without allowing time travel?
10 commandments to encourage development
How can I stow away on a submarine?
How much memory is needed to record a human thought?
Tropical Vs. Subtropical Rainforests
Would Merfolk Evolution Trade Noses for Gills?
How to kill an energy being?
What would happen if all the Earth's nuclear weapons exploded?
Accurate orbital artillery without GPS
What would happen if the advanced species had self-balancing reproductive rates?
Can a modern world power achieve world domination through highly advanced military technology?
Could nuclear fallout melt the ice caps and cause an accelerated sea level rise?
Openness versus the benefits of secrecy
If a human were able to change its own celluar structure how would it evolve?
What would a Collective Consciousness look like?
How could a humanoid shaped species have two brains?
Why might a planetary recon craft need to be manned?
Would this Alien race take over?
The Mystery of Human Diversity
How to evacuate half a million people from a floating landmass in an hour?
How cheap do prosthetics have to be for poor people to afford them?
Post apocalypse, can explosives be methodically removed?
Halfday planetary scan: what do you get?
How could people on our world recognize time travelers if they are trying to hide their identity?
Effects of an Asteroid Aerocapture on Earth?
Biological explanation of age stopping in near-human aliens
Are nuclear weapons useful in space?
Definition of free will compared to a non-free will system
Would a non-centralized sensory layout be favor on sapient aliens?
What would be the best way to construct mid-air battles? (Equipment, vehicles, ...)
How would social media work with high latency times?
Transporting water in liquid methane
Air, water, and ...?
If I launched a nuclear pulse fission spacecraft to the specified destinations, what would be a good launch window and how long to arrive?
How long would a medieval castle last after people
How long would current weapons last?
Habitability and orbital stability of these moons?
What kind of materials can survive for millennia?
How would real-life military and police deal with predatory alien threat in a city?
Would people give up social contacts to their personal AI?
What would the average terraformable planets look like?
Are tropical fjords possible?
Automation and the Workforce
What a gift for the Energy Being that has everything?
How does paradox-free FTL travel affect the details of my story or gameplay?
Why would magic plausibly conflict with modern technology?
Could a satellite make the gravity of a planet increase?
How can I scientifically explain the afterlife
Maximum amount of habitable moons possible around this Jovian planet?
After a societal collapse how effectively can an organization control the spread of technology?
In a multiverse war, are these armies evenly matched?
How would someone go about tricking God?
Identifying viable settlement locations from orbit
How would humans defend themselves against mice that are sentient and intelligent?
Devising a magic system that isn't just a shortcut to cheat physics?
Heavy water icebergs
Could a star explode and reform with new planets?
Could there be an upside down hurricane on a gaseous super-Earth
What's the most reasonable way to fit Monsters in your Pocket?
How to explain two different magic systems?
Strategy to make extraterrestrials fear us
would living in a digital world would be considered a death sentence in the real world?
How to make being a mage so cutthroat that generally only power mad become mages?
Rules to avoid rich buying votes in goverment that allows earning of extra votes by performing "civic duties"
How Close Are These Two Planets?
How to avoid FTL as a plot device?
Would a regenerated brain retain its memories?
How would a logical character know to trust their senses in a fantasy world?
What would be the proper latin terminology for half-human anatomy configurations?
Could We Restart Mars's Core With Antimatter?
How can I tell if stone age aliens are sapient?
Designing a comfortable palace
Designing building for next millenium
Can a government realistically prevent all terrorist attacks while still maintaining basic human rights?
In a world with magic, would thieves be more cautious?
How would a newly established town defend itself against giant wolves?
What would happen if the speed of light was fundamentally faster?
New stages of human psychology if we live forever?
Could humans alter the moon's orbit significantly with current technology?
Smallest possible habitable planet? (also taking density into account)
How to ignite the atmosphere?
What parts do I need for an airport, and how large does it need to be?
How would multple moons affect undead and werewolves?
Could humanity ever hope to accept aliens into their culture?
How would a nuclear blast on the moon affect its orbit?
My star will explode as a supernova. What can I do in order to ensure that my planet survives that?
Cultural divides?
If a person has the ability to fully regenerate injuries in seconds, what would happen if a bone is broken?
How many crows do I need to push someone?
Do aliens necessarily need to be from this dimension?
Is there any advantage to a heavy thrusting weapon?
Ways to wipe out our digital monetary system
How to communicate the position of the emitter using light?
Fantasy Water-Dwelling Races
Could stone be used in place of metal for certain items?
Can I store information in gas?
Can you direct me to a more simplistic explanation of how FTL allows Time Travel, and the Light Cone concept
Alternative Systems of Monarchy Succession
What kind of world would it be when its main species are slimes?
Gas-based circulatory system?
How to explain near apocalyptic conditions?
Is Game of Thrones realistic: food supplies during extended winters in medieval England
How can I explain the pokemon version of evolution?
How can a vertebrate animal evolve for extended flight before living on land?
How big of a tidal wave could 2 binary planets create
Can a robotic army really defeat humanity?
If you don't need to breathe, what new opportunities open up for places to live?
Is it possible to communicate through DNA?
If he can control Vibrations how powerful can he get?
Why would a civilisation choose to inhabit a single enormous vessel instead of maintaining interstellar colonies?
Economic structure for semi-post-scarcity society
How can I get a giant banyan tree with mangrove roots?
Negatives for a spherical desert creature
Scientifically-plausible alien telepathy
How would a group of average people learn to behave in a simulation where a god-AI forces extreme plot devices on them for 10 years?
What possible combinations are there for hexapods?
How would dolphins look if they evolved to human levels?
What modern technology would be most revolutionary to ancient Greeks?
What are the evolutionary advantages to size?
Druid gatherings?
Would aliens that evolved on low gravity planets be able to cope with Earth's gravity?
What could prevent human male babies being born?
What difficulties would arise from a female only earth?
How would the existence of the Yokai phenomenon change society?
Can plants survive without animals?
How would a system of communication based on coloured smoke work?
How would intelligent AI in virtual reality discover machine code?
How would have Nikola Tesla's ideas changed the world
Would evolution ever favor eye stalks on vertebrates?
Loss of historical information
Can reptiles with legs shed their skin all at once?
Would humans be able to derive nutrition from foodstuffs found on alien planets?
Why would a society develop weapons if they can control the elements
What would a relativistic kill vehicle hitting the moon look like from earth?
Fantasy/Medieval setting - materials to build when wood and stone aren't an option?
What would make a historically accurate / appropriate biblical Goliath?
How could we create a pressure bubble on Mars without walls?
How would humans fare in a robot economy?
Is the whip sword feasible?
Without GMO's, when would we reach a population cap?
How long would recognizable ruins last in a world that's being purposely overheated?
Time on fictional planet
Is it plausible that current insects will evolve sapience?
Safely inventing in the past?
Why is this creature afraid of water but not of body or plant fluids?
What would be the effects of losing the ability to dream?
Intelligent life on a Super Io?
Why should humans risk a robot apocalypse by modifying Asimov's laws?
How would a self-propagating explosion like in the 1994 Independence day work?
Currency that can stand extreme temperatures
Does a noble woman 'kick out' her child's wet nurse?
human-like robot muscles
If Apocryphal Texts Never Were Apocryphal, How Would This Affect Christianity?
Is multigenerational memory feasible
Gravitational slingshots: could they be used to decelerate a spacecraft traveling at a small fraction of light speed?
Time travel, assassination, and stunting technological growth
No fire, but what instead?
What types of lifeforms might this cold world have?
How to create artifical life forms?
Put Tar and Ash Together to Put Bricks Together, and What Do We Get?
What does Earth have to offer for an alien civilization
Concrete vs. Tar--Which Would Make Better Mortar?
What is the fastest way for a robot with superhuman capabilities to make money?
World without oil? what is the quick replacement?
What if we lived in a world where kindness/gratitude was the currency and not MONEY?
Neutron Star materials - If a neutron star stops spinning, What will be the characteristics of the materials in it?
Building a planet favorable to the evolution of intelligent life
Maze of Horrors
Metal Armour vs lightning strikes?
How many planets with sapient life can I expect to find in a random galaxy?
Keeping National Ignorance Out Of Other National Intelligence
Theoretical limits to a cyborg body?
How would the world be different if Superman existed and had an agent?
About how many planets are plausible for this binary-star system?
If humans were photosynthetic, would there be an impetus for technological development?
Roots of an intelligent alien digital life form
In a world where magic is moderately rare, is it possible for a "mass production" of potions?
Civilization formation?
Language threshold for a species
Stability of terrestrial planets orbiting in the Lagrangian points of Jupiter sized planets?
How to name aliens?
How would you avoid making the ability to join a hive-mind very overpowered?
What would be the social, political and economic reactions of sudden appearance of aliens
How can I keep sapient species away from each other?
The effects of biological aging stopping at 25 on professional spheres
How to standardize and communicate one's age across interstellar colonies?
Explaining Archaic weapons in a high tech world
How big would a farming spaceship have to be to support a country-sized population?
The Civilization of the Longest Now: How to notate time over immense time scales?
What forces would make leaving a planet impossible?
What happens when a person enters a tube in which beams of particle are accelarating
A humanoid that doesn't sleep
Can you build the wall and still remain in club of the most powerful countries?
How would animals “see” in a superdense atmosphere?
What size and material are my miniature machines?
Why would a cyclops evolve?
Controlling Inertia
Would convergent evolution favor aliens being similar to Earth life?
How could a brain parasite enter the skull with minimal effort?
International Rivalry During First Contact
Why would a species of subterreanean worms consume metal?
How would system like Weregild value the life of a child?
What Cultural Factors Dictate the Parameters of a "Life Debt" Tradition?
How long would it take to complete the real life International Pokedex
Effects of Lunar gravity on animal life?
Historical Human Fecundity info?
What does it take to be entirely self-sufficient?
Smallest Self-Sufficient Colony
When is the earliest humans could evolve?
What factors determine how tall the buildings in a city will be?
Population of a de-novo human colony in 1,000 years on an Earth-like planet
What is the minimum industrial infrastructure required to colonize Mars?
Sorting and categorising the world's militaries
How might an organism evolve to pass its learned knowledge to its offspring 'genetically'?
How different if an Earth like planet has 90 degree orbital inclination (not rotational axis)?
Preventing dragons from being too overpowered
Would a 'World Tree' be feasible in real life?
Characteristics of the Ultimate Predator
And I think it's gonna be a long long time... (relativity question)
Maximum relative size of a nation's military
Are Jetpacks feasible?
Is there any evidence against alternate realities?
What would be the effects of an existing planet becoming tidally locked?
Best kind of creature to be capable of biologically spawning an 'ecosystem' with borrowed organic tissues?
Could abiogenesis occur within software environments?
Lowland Deciduous Trees Against Highland Conifers
Using depleted uranium ammunition in handheld guns?
"Memetic" camouflage
Chemical mind control
Humanity after 100 million years?
Evolution of eyesight on a planet with a Methane biochemistry?
Super-intelligent fungus?
How would people react if hundreds of gods appeared in new york
Effects of knowing about your enemy (Politics)
rules and regulations related to animal welfare and exploitation will change radically
What are they likely to ask?
Slow killing atmosphere
Feasibility of dual-wielding spears?
How to keep wizards and other magicial creatures from taking over the government?
From how far away a wildfire in an Earth-like secondary world can be visible during night time?
What are some ways to improve human physiology?
Orbital deployment of aquatic ships
How would a merfolks spaceship take off?
How can I develop names for my fantasy land?
Technological adaptations for colonization of a higher gravity world
How to perfect the "Great, Soft Jelly Thing" - A creature incapable of self-harm
How fast would an unboxed AI be able to take over the world?
How big would temperature differences be on a ring world with a wide flat inner surface?
Stars as lifeforms – is it possible?
What would a solar empire's calendar look like?
Consequences of having a gas giant as a neighbour instead of Mars
Sword with mercury core
What will "history" be in 10,000 years?
Is it possible for an Earth-sized planet to have a liquid water core
Shape / colour changing tattoo, possible without too much handwaving?
What is stopping terrorists from creating a super virus to wipe out all of humanity?
How would civilization change without electricity?
How could electricity stop working?
Bovinae immune to predators
Electric biology
Mounted Cavalry in the Modern Era
Can it run on water?
Why would a planet be spinning fast enough to fly apart?
Voting system openly based on money, would it work and/or be accepted?
What makes trading cities rich?
Designing fictional non-competitive games
How can a 'Hero' gain visibility with least amount of effort?
Anatomically Correct Khajiit
What is required to make a Dyson Tree a feasible space habitat?
Near-modern (pre-digital) society without photography, TV or other image-capture technology
Anatomically Correct Gnolls
Evolving an intelligent avian race with a human-like appearance
Separation of people into classes based on their intelligence and school performance
A biosphere that is based off of noble gases?
New York in an Alternate Ice Age
Will this idea end poverty on Earth?
How are non linear games built computationally?
Can a gas giant form in the Goldilocks zone and have habitable moons. And if it can how many of those moons could be habitable?
Sky color of an alien world
Ways to decrease social mobility other than aristocracy?
Anatomically correct pixie
How would we see the world if we could see polarized light?
Anatomically Correct Argonian
Seeing into the past
Magic carpet maximum flying speed and height
Personal Shield Generators effects on Strategy/Logistics/Tactics
Anatomically Correct Sleipnir
Magic duels when defense is easier then offense?
Steampunk Architecture
Justifying limited use of arrows, while allowing them to be effective in short ranges?
Computer network as neuronal net simulation
A method to cause maximum pain to a human
Size of asteroid/comet compared to effect on impact
The Great Plains Between Two Taller Mountains
Why would an animal need six legs?
Influence of very stealthy black helicopters on modern warfare
How could patriarchy/matriarchy develop in a species without sexual dimorphism?
Coming back from the future
Anatomically Correct Graboid
How to build a tower that reaches dozens of miles into space
Organism that can produce any possible sound
How can rules of war be kept sacrosanct?
Is a species' advancement set in stone?
Alien analogues to the vertebrate ear?
What would our knowledge of physics look like without astronomical observations?
Psychological effects of a deep blue sky?
Possibility of a world inhabited by giant creatures and plants
A Culture Run by Spider Silk
Plastic coated bullets
What would an interstellar economy bound by relativity look like?
What would a Hyperintelligent person look like out of the Information Age?
Do we have a colonial world building game?
Explaining the Sharingan
What happens when a mini star forms and falls on earth?
I was wondering what you could do with an infinite amount of metal
What might cause an exoplanet to be uninhabitable for periods, that is not obvious to potential colonizers?
Realistic timeframes for interstellar travel and the development of antimatter propulsion
How would a solar system of solar systems work?
Population Expansion?
How can an aquatic race achieve cross continental communication?
Is my space station feasible?
How long does it take bones to decay? Above Ground, Inside, Humid Environment
Can You Mix Glass in a Metal Alloy?
Could this stellar system exist within 10-20 light years from Earth, undetected?
Golden blood of the Gods, How does it work biologically?
How would humans in medieval times have adapted to giant roaming golems?
How would the ocean currents of earth be altered if there was no Central America?
How would the removal of humans change the wildlife?
What ways would a government investigate an unmovable foreign object in a town without letting the people in the area know it exists?
How to see before there's something to see
How could the air be stopped from falling off of a flat world?
Food requirements for Localised Temporal Fields, at different time velocities?
Impact of my magic system on technological development
Creating an Alternate Google Earth--Is This Possible?
Could Rome Have Invented Gothic Architecture?
How would people behave if society could vote to send people to a rubbish planet?
One side can make reality warping super-soldiers by sacrificing a few special types of individuals, will the other side be forced to follow suit?
How likely would kids survive on a hostile land?
Future soldiers using musket-like weapons
How plausible is an Alcubierre drive, really?
Using feathers as fingers
What is valid evidence in a world with perfect CGI technology?
Which factors are more dominant when it comes down to atmospheric escape?
Conquering a Metropolis with near-zero own casualties
What made silphium difficult to domesticate?
How to build a tank equipped with a 1 GJ railgun
How do exoskeleton suits connect at joints; when movement is powered?
Implications of achieving absolute zero
Where are the wettest and driest places in this world and why
How would corruption happen in a world where everyone can see and hear everything?
What would happen if the Earth's Core collapsed?
How to party like it is 1549, the day before the final battle
Planning to outlive an ELE/Megatsunami
Earth as moon of Jupiter
If I was to tunnel straight through a mountain, what kind of rock would I find?
If our world was on a turtle... then how big would the planet the turtle is living on be?
Can you destroy a planet by poking a hole in it?
The world is deserted, but why?
What are the effects of having a planet with one moon being orbited by another moon
How would be our society if it was populated by anthropomorphic dogs?
Building a capital city in a fantasy world
Largest possible man-made planet-like body
What are some tips for designing symbols for a constructed language?
How to maintain artificial gravity in an upside-down city
Surviving an Overwhelming Siege
Way to block rockets from entering space?
The Monstrosities of the Appalachian Mountains and the Great Lake (No Plural "S")
How to generate energy from recoil?
Is it possible to lie telepathically?
What would the effect be on Earth if Mars disappeared?
How do we tell if we're living in a virtual reality world?
Would the existence of magic accelerate or slow heat death?
What would it be like if earth became flat?
What would happen if earth was centre of the universe?
World-wide agency that works outside of the world's governments
What Earth species could be sapient?
What is the best thing to do with lemons?
Modern military tactics and strategy effects on the past (WWII)
Changing the Danger Zone of Tornado Alley
Ways to "kill" an AI?
How would plants that moved like animals change the world?
Could there be a square planet/star/satellite?
Would Space Voids be good building for massive space stations?
How would the world adapt to a crazy grounded titan?
Could a universe with a relativity that is a cross between Galilean and Lorentzian Relativity be self consistent?
How can a country justify a crusade for one god in a polytheistic world?
What trade goods would spacers be able to offer Earthlings?
What royal title can an absolutistic ruler have?
Why would aliens live on alien worlds?
Greenland--Not So Green Anymore
What role would a large battleship do in the modern world?
Life on an Earth-like planet with a comet-like orbit?
Social engineering: Design a new language for a totalitarian state obsessed with scientific advancement
Are lunar caverns expected to exist?
Percent of the population killed before economic collapse
Are space stations like Sevastopol (Alien Isolation) realistic?
An animal that puts its prey to sleep
How to terraform Pluto
Alien moss with bee-hive like drones and warriors
Smallest planet that can maintain plate tectonics?
Feasible single-staged reusable spacecraft
Fire is gravity for fire Elemental
War between two type III civilizations from the perspective of a type II civilization
Is there a way to make Spirits believable in a Non-Magic world?
Orbital period of a tidally-locked Earth-like planet around a red dwarf
What do space barbarians do to pass the time?
Is it a forgone conclusion that any exo-bacteria discovered on an alien, albeit Earth-like planet will be deadly to human life?
How can we catch a mind controller
Inheriting nanobots as a biological trait
can anime exist in a parallel universe
What would generate barrels full of toxic (radioactive) liquid waste
Creating toxic-gas-proof trade routes between cities
What could cause toxic gas to shroud the world?
Scientific Theories for Personal short-range teleportation.
What weapon would be most effective for orbital bombardment?
How close could a binary pair be to our solar system without having already been detected?
What event could cause atmospheric oxygen to slowly be replaced with hydrogen, and what would the major effects of this be?
Could runaway methane gas emissions be an extinction level event?
What type of celestial body could pierce an Earth like planet without loss of trajectory or minimal loss of speed?
Making Mars more massive
How to explain magical internet
If a million heavily armed children stormed Area 51 what would they do?
How to justify having a steampunk trade city in the middle of primitive tribes?
Chitin vs. Bone
Ways to deal with violence and anger management
An Oil Pipeline--A Target for the Livens Flamethrower
How does my critter communicate across the liquid/air barrier?
Evolution of Bearfolk
The Search for Earth Science Forums
Would it be possible for life to exist and evolve on this hot Super-Earth?
How can a planet be deadly to some species without advanced technology?
How to let a Whale urh... fly?
What if the ocean's salt level decreased by 50%?
How does blood colour, blood base and the gas a creature breathes interact with each other?
Nomenclature for software beings
Which of these traits would Europan fish evolve?
Edestus Gigantus In modern oceans
How to justify flying fish actually flying?
Reducing human military capability
How plausible is this as a corporate motivation?
How might an organism that is made from neutron superfluid store genetic information?
How could Elementalist earn a living?
How can a prison offer a safe way for inmates to commit suicide?
Limit of Questions - What would happen to human life when all questions are answered
What effects would an utter lack of interest in politics have on a government?
space-born ship-to-ship combat 150 years from now w fission/fusion tech
What kind of poison can an octopus carry to kill a person via skin contact?
How far back in time would English be understandable to a modern speaker?
Unexpected change in male births
Extremely thin material to cut or pierce things
Rules for the Development and Spread of Urbanisation
How realistic are living creatures whose skin burns when exposed to light?
How to help give vampires a more positive reputation?
How could robots ever be accepted into human society?
A plant/fungus and an animal that form a single species?
How does an Alien world have Earthlike creatures?
How would a language using colors and lights translate verbally?
The Combination on magic and Near-Future warfare
Could a species of humanoid creatures that can only remember what happened in the last day build an advanced civilization?
Planet with 4 major moons, Habitable?
Could a gender-change pill be plausible in a sci-fi world
The Sewers—300 Feet Down
With the unfortunate death of every human living less than 1000ft above sea level, who would be left?
Gravity in the Riemannian Universe
Do shockwaves grow stronger in a vacuum
Feasibility of domesticating herds of carnivores
How would the lateral line be socially perceived by mermaids
How could we time travel backwards without killing everyone with germs from the future?
Mermaid means of transportation
How would sentient robots be build after be legally accented as citizens
Survival: A large group versus many small ones
Knowledge about science really necessary for Sci-fi?
How can I limit the power of someone who can create gravitational spheres?
Could a gas giant have a stable orbit within the asteroid belt?
Inbreeding in a society where there are no genetic downsides
how to build a planet larger than earth, but has the same gravity?
Planet with Titanic tectonic plate
How to "hide" the effects of battle between supernaturals
What symptoms would affect the crew by removing oxygen from the air?
Is it possible for a geologically active 'rogue planet' to support life?
Why build a datacenter with an awsome view?
What software can I use to map my universe?
Would Elephant Bird Light Cavalry be feasible?
Garlic and Silver — What's the Big Deal?
Introducing money to a barter based economy
Influence of Reproduction on Culture ("double trouble" species)
Damaging a near future spacecraft by hand
Given advanced technology, could Native Americans defeat aliens?
Lowered air pressure with higher oxygen content
Underground Cities Vs. Sewage
Make humans digest salt water?
How would a mathematician compare to a scholar in Ancient Greece?
In the future, how would a cybernetic implant work?
How far back in time would Maths be understandable to a modern mathematician?
Non-lightspeed travel to not-too distant stars
Would a circumbinary planet have a differently colored sky depending on which star was visible?
How plausible is a photosynthetic parasite that targets animal hosts?
Super Spies Reality Check
Practicality of chainsaws as weapons in the medieval-ages and how to improve them?
Sealing a wound: ice or fire?
Potential effects of breathable alien atmosphere on child development?
Aliens doing algebra
If time travel is possible in the future, no matter how distant, why haven't they come back to tell us?
Ideas for how aliens would approach this fight?
How can I scientifically explain Marvel universe mutation
How can I do programmatic generation of fantasy maps?
Could liquid silicon dioxide exist on the surface of venus?
Domesticated Whales?
Reality Check: Habitable moon around earth-like planet
can a water cycle exist on a planet without oceans?
Banksian warfare
Logistics of manned Europa exploration?
Is "quasi planet" habitable for life?
How many human beings are/were there?
How much chemical energy is readily available in the human body
Making a scythe more effective / feasibility of the Scythe
How to destroy a Global Religion?
Anatomically Correct Tomte
How much havoc can a small amount of people cause in a metropolis?
Humanity without sexual dimorphism
How would a giant, living, flying island evolve?
Urban centers for octopuses
What would it take to knock a whole planet to 90 degrees of inclination relative to the sun?
Realistic limits to the transforming abilities of nanomachines?
Planet of the Aves: First Steps
How long after death is blood fit for consumption?
Is it plausible to have six moons orbiting one planet in a 1:1 resonance?
How to convince readers to accept Tolkien-esque fantasy where people of color are integrated?
Energy requirement for ftl
How far would humans be if they were "first"
Effects of Homeopathy on technology in the Bronze Age
A giant steel rod hanging from moon with its other end in atmosphere
Using fiber optic to carry sunlight from sunlit countries to countries in dark
How would humans adapt if low-wage labor was done by robots?
If Jesus had children, how would the early world treat his kids?
The debt of a middle-ages kingdom
How do I protect my shop from teleporters?
How can a revolution occur if the leadership class is indestructible?
Effects of a Moon-sized Sun-Cannon on Earth
Earth-like planet with a very hot ocean?
What if there was such a thing as a free lunch?
Is it possible to have two or three planets in a stable orbit together?
Does this cryogenic "magic" necessarily break the laws of thermodynamics?
Stealing genetic code
Weapon Control Over a large area?
Could amphibious creatures ever evolve hand-like parts?
How could the example map from geography books come to exist, and what would it be like to live there?
What is the best way to classify Intelligence in a world full of various Intellects?
End-user experience and prominent use cases of robust interplanetary internet
Anatomically Correct Boar Troll
Creating Fantastical Race Without Using the Terms Magic/Sorcery
Dragons and Hair
How can my humanoid race, which can release electricity through their hands, use electricity to stun animals of any size?
How can orcs "tame" a low-intelligence creature like an ogre for battle
How can humans coexist with an intelligent carnivorous species?
How would humans adapt if robots take all the high-paying jobs, leaving only low-wage jobs?
Can a civil war happen among robots?
If Lady Liberty's Skin Were Bronze
Symbiotic anti-virus animal
What are some methods to locate a rogue planet in deep space?
How plausible is my monster?
Planet of the Aves: Quadrabirds
How can three planets be close enough to see each other
Three planets in a braid like configuration. Is it possible
Are planetary orbits absolutely necessary?
Planetary Colonisation; how to retain ethno-racial appearances over millennia?
Given the person is the size of an average male, how much force would have to be exerted to level a skyscraper in one punch
Planet of the Aves: Aquabirds
What would kill all flora on Earth and what would happen with the atmosphere
Under what conditions could a human-edible slime-mold evolve?
What are the most relevant degrees that can contribute to the field of human life extension?
Can neon glow by some natural means?
What would be the tallest possible height for humanlike creatures in earthlike conditions?
Could an atmosphere of neon, oxygen and carbon dioxide support life, and what kind of life could it support?
Possibility of bipedal mostly-aquatic species?
A World of Independent Electricity
Is this way of messing with physics possible?
What would define the "speed" (and direction?) of an alcubierre like warp drive?
Harvesting Solar Energy As Quickly As Possible
What would allow an epidemic on the scale of the Black Death to happen again?
How could the English language gradually dwindle to just one word?
Lighter swords with huge mass
What if the seas had traces of copper and iron?
When will uploaded minds be a reality?
Could a planet with three-quater earth gravity and neon-/argon-based atmosphere exist, and what would life do with it?
Anatomically Correct Cerberus
Would normal people accept a path of immortality given the following, specific restrictions?
Glass in Concrete?
Spacefaring vessels also capable of aquatic movement
Anatomically correct Giants
Reinventing computer not being bound by legacy issues
What would make airships viable economically?
How to knock down humanity?
How can I make an anti-matter "rod" warhead for interplanetary delivery?
Can we use science to explain a creature that feeds on emotion?
Barking Up a Different Kind of Tree
What would make the atmosphere on Earth unbreathable for humans but leave the climate basically unchanged
Would genetically modified dinosaurs be useful to the military?
What would it be like living underneath a solar thermal tower in the middle of of post-apocalyptic city?
Mapping the far side of the galaxy
Advantages of an electrified sword?
How to realistically explain a creature that eats dreams and nightmares?
Possible applications of low-level psionic alchemy?
What would a steam locomotive look like if steam power became yet again the main type used in rail transportation?
How could opening a portal logistially be used to colonize the moon?
Magical Insectoid War Machines?
Anatomically correct Arachne
Golden/Silver Age Superhero Societal Acceptance Reality Check
Which Natural Resources Go Where? (Medieval Fantasy Setting)
What would a planet with little to no greenhouse gases be like?
Can a magnetic shield be effective for interstellar ships?
Basics of designing a lightsail?
Would it be possible to bleed if your blood pressure would be less than atmospheric pressure
Cold blooded humans
Can robots in any case learn and adapt human emotions?
Realistic controlled illusion
Could an Emotional IPA be created?
Is it possible that North or South poles are mythical continent Atlántida?
Is religion stronger than immortality?
Eventually, can the human race achieve omniscience?
Could a warlord with access to telepathy take over the world?
How can the entire universe be mapped?
Do magical fields of study need their own names?
Rebuilding Life on Earth from Scratch
How to battle enemies who have superhuman speed
Terra Preta in Africa
Treating bone marrow diseases magically
Could the principle of the zero point energy universe be used for infinite energy?
What can a lava-powered factory do?
Could there exist a quantum virus which breaks someone's body down to fundamental particles?
What psychological problems can result from experiencing death on several occasions?
Are humans still evolving in the old fashioned way?
Caste in non-Eusocial animals
Can humanity survive on red planet
Could Saturn's Rings be removed?
How effective would a mini rail gun be?
Is it possible for a planet the size of Uranus to skim Saturn without colliding?
How to evolve human/animal hands
What can you do with a physical catalyst?
Could you import enough water into an ecosystem to make a new rainforest?
With current technology, genetically modified virus able to end mankind
Can we expect machines as extraterrestrial forms of life?
Animals able to use atmosphere for biological chemiluminescence possible?
universe with infinite energy
Making an internally consistent, logical set of rules for time travel (based off of this video)
How Long Can Glass Concrete Last?
How to convincingly explain Kaiju
How far can we go? (Space travels)
What would an asteroid base look like and how would it operate?
Time travel: theories about how it could really work with all these incoherences
Mistake an uninhabitable planet for an inhabitable one
What relations of civilizations living on the same world but not the same living environment would be?
How long would a single metropolis last if all other signs of human civilization vanish?
Evolve back to human
Psychology problems from being motherless
Environment and species a century after a nuclear war
Synthethic Phytoplankton
How do I defeat a master of the elements
Could it be possible to build a Pew Pew Laser?
Natural blood fountains
Cold War Alien Invasion Cover-Up
Survival On Different Planet With Given Resources
What macro-sized things can be made with a hydrocarbon assembler?
Where should we store our brains?
Evolution of Wargs
Would a Giant Pistol Prawn Snap work in the air?
How to let water destroy a block of steel?
What formula could describe magic?
What could cause extreme gravitational effects to earth without destroying the planet outright?
How far can space time be warped, twisted, and pulled?
Two worlds merge together
How does variations between no gravity and normal gravity change every day life?
Why would giant mechs use melee weapons?
What effect would easy solar system travel have?
Alan Grant's intelligent velociraptors
What would be the ideal composition of a newly founded society?
Sahara Savanna?
Alternatives to "humanoid" as a category in fantasy?
Landing a spaceship
What would be genetic and social result of artificial selection of people who would survive?
If every cell in a creature's body were replaced by a functionally identical nanobot, would the creature retain its consciousness?
Which Jurassic plant would survive in modern days?
How much food would 1 man eat in a quadrillion years?
Is there any plausible reason for a robot's eyes to glow?
How close could a traversable wormhole be to Earth?
Lake Makgadikgadi, 21st Century
Can lasers be used to drill holes or build tunnels?
Evolution of Vampire Zombie
Anatomically Correct Murlocs
How large do storms need to be to wipe out a civilization, and how will society evolve afterwards?
Geopolitical and Economic Implications of a Large Eruption at Yellowstone
What is the caloric requirement of a fire spell?
Is homicidal smiley gas possible?
How could a vampire pathogen operate in hard science fiction?
Reality Check: Batman
How do I wage war against a collective consciousness?
Anatomically correct Ent
Shockwave Stun Rifle?
How can I wipe out life in oceans?
More Land to India, More Height to Tibet
Different ways geographically distant cultures might measure time?
Physics of a double planet system?
Could Inuits survive in Antarctica?
Shipbuilding development in fantasy ancient city-state
Atmospheric pressure on a giant mountain
Largest possible bat
How do you beat a middle-sized dragon?
Spherical Missiles
Possible: Canal town (e.g. Venice) in a River Valley?
Economic reasons to put people on Mars?
How can I explain alien skin being different colors?
Why would advanced alien warships have living crews rather than be drones?
Would an anthropomorphic wolf species be able to hunt their prey without weapons?
Why Would a Nation Choose to join A Foreign Empire?
How would a solid shell surrounding Earth affect the climate?
Asteroid Impact Details = Impact winter? how long & how severe?
Planning magical language lessons
Werewolves and Barbers
What would the consequences of this IEG be?
Could seasons for trade prevent plagues?
What's a good subterranean vegetation - other than bio-luminescent fungi?
Does this matter sound plausible?
How would a tail affect fighting styles? Or would it have basically no effect?
How to “set” the lightsail?
Tunes to hum to identify other travellers from Earth on parallel worlds?
Economical effects of a global cease fire
When is the earliest I can hope for a culture to create Featural Writing?
A monochrome planet
Is it possible for an alien race to create an aurora?
Too close for comfort
What recreational drugs can be produced with limited resources and technology?
A planetary dynamo
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
An Edenic Outback?
Strongest possible kwonkicker jumping knee strike
How to enforce a sign language curfew in a maximum security prison?
Comparative mythology and monster syncretism
In a world without corpses, why build "burial halls"?
How fast could inter-planetary space travel be developed?
Could alien messages be detected within star radiation?
In a world where asymmetric cryptography is common place in day to day life, what could stop somebody from generating a new key?
If a "perfect battery" model was created today, what would be the main societal changes?
Sending some people into the far future
Could the Aztecs have domesticated the Collared Peccary
What are dangers of long space travel?
Modern arsonist or how to burn things from orbit
With today's technology, how much of the human body could be replaced by cybernetics?
Is there a similar disaster that can help me determine survival rates?
How many Sovjet Era transport planes would be required to transport 30'000 Rhinocerotidae to the southern US border unnoticed?
Climates if Earth had large axial tilt (45 or 90 degrees)
Succesfully boarding a ship against a stronger opponent
Is it possible to create a giant biological "mech"?
How a giant floating landmass might affect the weather?
How could Reverse Mountain (One Piece) exist?
What would be the most effective melee weapon against heavily armored opponent?
Mass transit across the solar system
Requirements for naval-analogue space warfare
Anatomically Correct Den Den Mushi
Can a race/species survive consuming only liquids?
30,000 rhinos were to attack South America, will they survive?
Plausibility of telescoping generations with inter-generational insemination?
What would it take to purposefully bring about the end of the world by "gray goo"?
Tactics to prepare for an alien invasion when nobody will believe you
Can there be life on a planet with water, but without atmosphere?
Could a solar system with large amounts of dust and debris exist?
Contact lenses in medieval time
How can I achieve swords in modern military
Can a main-sequence star with planets exist orbiting a magnetar?
Californian Yellowstone
Fantasy Concealed Carry -- Pros and Cons of locations
Death as a parallel or serial process
Mechanically correct rotorcraft aerial ship
Is our memory capable of repeating exactly a full day of memorized actions?
Why might dwarves be black skinned in a medieval fantasy world?
Can a human being live with a continuous stream of blood instead of pulses?
Cryogenic grenades in medieval time
How to create fire from "nothing"
Best ranged weapon for superhuman strength?
Accuracy of information in a neo-digital, augmented human age
Proxima Centauri and tidally locked planets
Given any kind of living organism what logical reasons could result in a species having more than three genders?
Simulating Divergence such as in Divergent/knowledge of a dream as in Inception?
How would my dwarves tell time underground?
What landmarks would still be visible after a worldwide flood?
Planet of the Aves: Low tech Weaponry
Complete cloud coverage for 300 years
Culturally Correct Armor Design
How can my Titan-like cryoplanet have clear skies?
Kaijuu-like monsters killing humans: What is their viable reason to do so?
Turning things to sand
Winning a ground war with China
Beings who control all elements too powerful?
Computers, Ships and Solar Energy, but without Radio, Airplanes or Rockets
How to carry a spear?
Reasons for horns/antlers on helmets
feet design for sustaining massive weight and climbing
What will be the consequences of opening secret-research facilities to public (e.g. Area 51)?
How might a capital ship keep its hangar secure without doors or force field
What are the disadvantages of a long living race?
If Time travel exists
Multivac the oracle: Everybody can know the truth!
Is life required for a world to be habitable for humans?
Gravity on a Cube World
How to design a realistically looking technocracy?
Can a cube world have magnetic poles?
How would an aquatic race of humanoids move as flawlessly as humans do on land?
Powered Assault Armor - How possible it could be with near future technology
Realistic fantasy slimes
Culturally Correct Naming Conventions
Tidally locked planet with day & night cycle
How might the pterosaurs survive an end-cretaceous-like event?
Immigration in pre-industrial culture
Designing animals to survive on a planet with a low atmospheric pressure?
Can we destroy the Sun?
Making food last for a large group
How or why would a planet's lifeforms evolve to be connected through their own natural "internet"?
Safe way to eat zombies?
How do 21st century time travelers tour prehistory safely?
Can average citizen communitcate with Proxima Centauri?
Could a massive Psychogenic Plague occur?
Darken the sky by using magic
Is roof-hopping through a city realistic?
Neural network used as "doping"
What conditions would lead a hyperparasite (whose host is itself a parasite) to develop civilization?
Could a person have a brain that wasn't wired in specific areas for any given sense?
Is it possible to calculate the extent of a planet's polar ice caps?
Military Structure/Chain of Command (Army)
Effects on Military Training for 'Career Soldiers' (70 years of service)
Are gunswords feasible?
How would a collective consciousness go to war?
Where should you go if gravity pulled sideways?
Prehensile Hair
How could intangibility be explained?
Can charmspeak be scientifically explained?
Can AI learn human emotion from scratch as they live work close to human being, providing it has state of the art technology?
Why aren't complex devices or electronics ever built out of force fields in science fiction?
How will Jesus Christ judge billions of people at the end of the world?
Space exploration without electronic devices, is it possible?
If technology was around millions of years ago, would we know?
Government to support antisocial unnaturally reproducing culture/species
What would night look like on a planet orbiting Sirius B?
Best & least-well adapted flora & fauna in a high-Oxygen atmosphere
Biggest Ben in the World
How would lower gravity affect motion?
What impact would a society that had no imprisonment have on the people in it?
Methods of space propulsion for humans and aliens
Why would alien vehicles be tripods?
Is it possible for type II civ to resuscitate dying star?
What form of currency to do transactions between us and droids?
Is the bottom of the ocean a good place to make a long-term base?
Largest and strongest dome fortification for citizens
In long-lived races, how far should one track one's own family tree for relationship purposes?
How can humans settle on a pulsar planet?
Is a Large Fish Club a Feasible weapon?
Machine cult in practice
How many plants does it take to breathe?
What would society be like if the world was populated by a chosen set of clones?
Is a small indoor city realistic?
Concealing your accidental backwards time travel, finding other backwards travelers
Circular tree: possible?
Non-binary computing effects on Cold War American society
A different artificial gravity: Ultradense material
Best way to bring information back in time
How to jerry-rig a power cable for laptop when time traveling back in time
What would allow a livable planet to have an always-night area, an always-day area and a day&night cycling area?
Could traffic lights work underwater?
Feasability of Minecraft-like humaniods
What would happen if someone set a spear against a charging bison?
How would an Ai convince humans to worship it?
Would forcing a neuron's ion pumps to open stun someone?
Anatomically Correct Spriggan
Reasons an advanced alien race might want to share technology with humanity?
How can I stop Ice Sorcerers breaking into my shop?
How to heat a windmill ? (Mechanical to thermal energy conversion)
How would aluminium work as medieval armor?
Why would an object be shot in an arc instead of in a straight line?
Can a forest have continuous fog?
Would a wound from a monomolecular blade instantly heal?
Is there any scientific reason why only a silver bullet can harm a werewolf?
How much variation in gravity between feet and head is noticable?
What will happen after I use a light swich to turn off the Sun?
What would the world be like today if the Germany had won WWI?
Can 3 planets rotate around each other like this?
Could Nazi Germany, Surviving WWII, Survive the Cold War?
What would a society of carnivores be like?
How to make another country pay for a wall to keep them out?
How to organize the command structure and payment for Adventurer coalitions?
How to cut corners while rebuilding after apocalypse?
Could the moon be destroyed with current technology?
Two planets in a stable horseshoe orbit?
Feasibility of a gene bomb?
How do elves make their way into the modern age?
What would happen if an alien race gave us a computer capable of 2^256 calculations per second?
Exploit telepathy between twins
Can we make the Moon fall using nukes?
Could we mine the Moon if we replaced the taken mass?
Can Earth-like planet to converted into a giant Tokamak reactor?
Would we solve oceans rising problem by destoying the Moon?
What speed must rotate a space station to provide an Earth-like gravity
How much will this civ expand?
Reasons why an advanced alien species might uplift the human species
The permalites from animorphs how advanced would such a civilization be
How could deities on the same world be divided into regional pantheons?
How would the absence of a moon impact economy, society, culture, and/or politics?
Could a monomolecular blade be seen, and could it last?
What would be the first thing humans would mine on Jupiter?
How much energy would opening a worm hole require approximately?
Would society be different if humans used Haplodiploid-like sex-determination system?
Where could a person from the 14th century appear such that they would not notice modern technology for a week?
Microfilaments on wheels would save fuel?
Could a creature have multiple jaws?
How different would have brained animals evolved if there were mirrors everywhere in nature?
What if skull island from king kong exist
How outdated is robert freitas jr Xenology
How close to a supernova can a planet retain an atmosphere?
How close can a wormhole appear next to a star so that it doesn't affect it?
Is it possible to transform Jupiter into micro-star?
What would cause a ground-dwelling race to evolve for flight?
How fast would a computer made from ideal components function
What if the internet was founded only for the rich and high class people?
What if Mars and Venus are habitable
How can we know what the future will look like?
Would frictionless armour work?
How can I achieve only one rebellion?
What would be advantage/disadvantage of a different concept of time of day?
Could complex life evolve after planetary catastrophe in just 120 million years?
What environments support gliding animals?
Does mirror armour work against laser guns?
Why would seal team prefer war paint over face mask in the late 22nd century?
What is the best method to immobilize a Godzilla-like monster?
Would the world end if friction disappeared?
Keeping supplies for 1000 years
How would the world be if snakes were the dominant species of the planet?
Can a person survives being skinned and submerged in oxygen rich blood tank with breathing apparatus?
Non-magical protective talisman (or, sapient money)
Why might humans abandon the surface of their planet in favor of a subterranean existence?
Preventing the instantly lethal zombie bite
Why do wizards grow more powerful as they age?
What would happen at the core of a water world?
How would evolution unfold if the only land was underwater caves
How to enslave a species that can transport themselves anywhere on the planet instantaneously?
How to create precise measurements from scratch
How would people with perfect memory design their language
What if Commodore Perry never gained access to Japan?
Tougher Alternative Than Granite
Russia's Alternate Geological History
FTL telescope-satellites
How to keep a machine running for thousands of years
How long can a person survive solely on his own raw excrement and urine?
Is it possible to erect an electric fence in medieval period?
Fantastic beasts and where to find them: galactic edition
Why would the government ban flamethrowers in a zombie apocalypse?
Where would an identity implant be implanted in the body? And what would make it secure?
How would the world be different if standard animals could make fire? control it?
Death rate after EMP
Why humanity is kinda stuck in the conceivable late medieval ages when the wildlifes consists of walking robots?
What happens when a speedster gets hit full-on by G-forces?
How fast would our technological world shut down if most of us died?
What would not be enjoyable about being a bird or having wings?
Kinetic Energy Absorption
Planet of the Aves: Medieval Armor
Could a civilization without access to computers have cryptography?
Using a brown dwarf for a gravity-assisted slingshot
What does a post-scarcity world need people for?
Planetary Surface of Trees?
Would a planet be shaped any differently if it has a single non-dipole?
How can my permanent force field let in guest while maintaining internal pressure?
Alternate Pangaea
What would be the new timeline of inventions be in an alternate Earth where all land are floating islands and oceans do not exist?
Anatomically Correct Borrower
Would a full body diamond armor and sword guarantee survival and victory against a medieval battalion?
What would iron-age tools and weapons be like if they were redesigned with modern metallurgy?
What is the bit rate of a human brain?
How to share knowledge to a future human civilization who doesn't know our languages?
How many coconut trees would be necessary to support a single, middle-aged human on a deserted island?
Mammals evolving antennea
Under the right temperature conditions, would a gallium sword be possible/useful?
How would a lack of smokeless propellant affect WW1?
Consequences of Earth-like planet with denser atmosphere
How can a dictator encourage cooperation?
The invasion of my world
Feasibility of life/existence of a world devoid of transition metals
How much area of a gigantic world could an 18th century maritime civilization explore in a millennium?
The World's in Perpetual Winter. How Long Can Humanity Survive?
Could a near-completely capitalistic nation work?
Disappearance of a large amount of the Earth
Could anonymity fuel desperation in robot?
All funds for SCIENCE!
What would make a small group of people follow a man who worships demons?
Physical correctness of trolls with high regeneration ability
Can swine be used as beasts of burden?
Should crafting unique wand be a requirement for rite of passage for wizard?
Which economic class would a cannibalistic world benefit most?
Can an 'unadvanced' species accidently uplift another species?
First steps of a lab-grown soldier program
If I travelled in time to 1979... would my smartphone's gps still work?
What would the world be like with no Ozone layer?
Potential of Potassium/Caesium Bullets?
What is the extent of Featural Writing?
How could I make a secret lab subtly noticeable?
How long would it take for humans to develop "tails" for use in water by evolution?
Could water be extracted/harvested from clouds? Consequences?
How would exposing a female warrior's (mostly) bare bottom help her in combat?
How long does it take for a prominent trait to evolve out of a population?
Planet of the Aves: Knowledge of Aerodynamics and Weather Phenomena
How can I Determine the Litter Size of a Species?
What's the fastest way for a government to cause a recession without being blamed?
What would the world be like with gendered robots that were fully functional? had sexual desires?
How Would Magnetic Weapons Work?
Does the probable heat of nanotech universal constructors make it infeasible in home environments?
What kind of land transportation can be used for plowing through hordes of zombies?
How cheap would FTL have to get to be practical?
How would medieval combat differ if its arms and armour were refashioned today?
What is the quickest way to bring down the most powerful nation with €1,000,000,000,000?
Does this SciFi plot about quantum singularity violate laws of physics?
Underwater plasma mines
Feasibility and effectiveness of a Gravity Hammer?
How could exile be a sustainable and humane alternative to the death penalty?
How fast could a horse run on a world with half Earth's gravity?
The Next Dinosaur Titans
Conditions for an earth-like planet where tanks are the primary mode of fighting
0g pool: can I keep a big ball of water in space?
Which is the best way to earn more money with less effort without displaying that you have superpowers?
Can I have Gunpowder without having guns?
Likelihood of a large magnetic island remaining undetected until the early 20th century
Would people living on different ringworlds around the same star measure time differently?
How much heat/energy would be needed to turn a large section of desert sand into glass?
Are there churches (in Europe) which have an underground smuggler's tunnel that leads out to the ocean?
How fast is the shockwave of a nuclear bomb from 2-5m away?
What kind of drawbacks can quickly-growing complex creatures experience?
Is it possible for a large pre-electricity empire to stay in touch?
Is it possible for a civilization to advance beyond 17th century tech without electricity or steam power?
Poor People Living On Farm-In-A-Box Tech?
How to weigh a flatlander in 2D gravity?
What are the occupational hazards for mining the nebulae?
Is there any way to artificially produce a nebula?
Viability of orbital defence by debris fields
Would an ice bullet work?
How could a time-traveler change a medieval society if he can prepare and bring something from our time?
Could exoplanet with Earth's magnetic field orbiting a binary star system harbour intelligent life?
Surviving high fall from a dragon
What would weather be like if the entire water on the surface of Earth freezes?
Batteries that never run out of power
How could you make a bullet that disappears entirely after impact (like ice maybe)?
Is a reptilian creature unable to feel pain possible?
Does irresistible force equal immovable object? What physics allow unsolvable paradoxes to exist?
Would humanoids with fur be offended by fur clothing?
Why not kill off most of humanity?
If I travelled to 1979 how easy would it be to become the Worlds richest person?
What would happen if you suddenly moved the moon to the other side of the Earth?
Word lists for constructed languages
How to explain lack of fosil fuels on an Earth-like exoplanet?
How would a chemically powered gun work?
Why would a species evolve to consume rock?
Side-effects of speeding up the Earth's rotation?
How fast can a bullet go before it starts to evaporate/break up due to air friction?
What happens if the range of gravity extends only 10 light minutes?
Advantages of Ball bearing projectiles over Bullets?
Effectiveness of firing a projectile from orbit to hit a human target
How can I Determine the Caloric Intake of a Species?
Would the totality of all living human brains be valuable to an alien superintelligence?
Character's super power is super speed
Exploding Species
Modern neanderthals
Superheros and capes
How big an object should I build on Earth so that it is visible from space?
Surrogate uteri (exaggerated brood parasitism) as an adaptation?
How many Mars sized planets can form and remain stable in the habitable zone of a Sun-like star?
Underground City Design: All Solar Electricity
How long per day does it take to forage/hunt for food?
How long would it take to create a Windows 1.0 capable machine from complete scratch?
Regeneration vs vaporization
Resources for stories involving antiquated computers
If a humanoid species evolved on the dark side of a planet would they be 'warm blooded'? Other physiological factors?
What will cell phones become in 100 years?
What would happen if someone had some cells in their body evenly removed?
Does vibranium bullet works?
Laser weapons in space - distance and focal lenses
How would a disappearing moon move
Strange effect of a perfect translation - interpretation ability
Advanced Technology in a Fireless World?
Create an entropy reservoir
A "medical" way to reunite two twins
Why do people in Cryogenic sleep not wear clothes?
Could you populate a hospitable planet with only a vial of DNA?
Constructing a desert area
The Bering Land Bridge--Open For PERMANENT Business
How to justify the "Scifi Writers Have No Sense Of Scale" trope?
How could humans re-populate a new planet without conventional procreation
Realistic Captain America Shield
How could humanity live on the Sun?
How could a planetoid located at L2 appear similar to our moon?
Anatomically Correct Minotaur
Plausible Cure for N. fowleri
Immigration test for a cautious society
Reboot society with modern knowledge
What material(s) should I use to protect my androids against ballistic impacts (bullets) and what protection would I get?
Can gravity control be scaled?
How large could a modern state get?
Realistic shapeshifting?
Survivability of free falling from ~30k feet
Forcibly taking the throne of a strong military kingdom, with quasi-invincibility
Why would a company hide its inventions?
What could trigger involuntary mass prosopagnosia?
How would MRI-vision works?
How to convey the scale of my humanoid without science or units?
Intelligent Zombies vs. Normal Zombies
On a planet where axial tilt causes ice ages, how could yearly seasons exist?
How to stop something having a co-efficient of restitution over one
Material for container that survived the Big Bang
How many countries could theoretically exist in North America?
Red Plants Alongside the Green
What if King Kong actually existed?
Gold as a conductor for spiritual energy
Planet with large areas of shadow
What Asian Nations would have the capacity to colonize the New World?
Reasons to not allow an uploaded brain to be conscious?
(Updated Question) If a race of creatures have unlimited time and resources what methods of architectural engineering would they use?
Relative size of Alien beings on another planet
What would happen to an asteroid if we somehow increased gravity on it?
Is there any way to improve chemically-propelled ballistic weapons?
How to keep water out of a trench civilization
Planet of the Aves: New Nests
Death by necrosis/gangrene upon other's hand touch
Would you shoot out DNA onto baby planets if you planned to visit it someday?
Calculating G-Force and Velocity
What is the most likely shape of a Super Sword?
Can singularity be achieved in a PC without any external information?
How to protect shops in the medieval era against thievery?
Planet of the Aves: Tool use
Concerning Cultivation of Immortality
Is it practical to wield a bladed weapon in mouth?
Modern Body Armor for Medieval Style Weapons
Which direction would be the best to send a Colony ship off towards?
End of the world, entropy, and a new civilization
France wins the 7 Years War
How to create the eternal storm?
Thoughts on survival very near to a white dwarf
How power could be shut down and the effects on society?
Could you build a non-spherical structure that's >1000km long?
Is a Centrifuge Rifle Feasible?
Realistic Spaceship shields?
How can brain information be transmitted through a mobile network?
Algorithm to program future robots to make them conscious and aware about all religions on Earth
Developing a rock-people civilization
Magic and Science. How do I make sure Magic is consistent with the Laws of Physics?
What are names for territories in space?
How would one build a refrigerator to survive a nuke?
The Catholic Caribbean Viking Kingdom?
How to create the Un-United States of America?
Superpower for Mass Murderer
How advanced and effective a mechanical arm (only human energy) can be?
Feasibility of Centaur Hussars
Anti-matter containment
What will we see if we start to decrease in size infinitely?
How would people with the wisdom of the 7th century describe or explain tectonics
Creating surrounding areas from a desert
Desert kingdom warfare
Other universes in a broad sense
How can I tilt a planet's rotation axis?
Breaking in with sleight of hand
How do I make oxygen for a generation ship?
The Project Sahara
The (Alternative) Reason for the Seasons: Highly Eccentric Orbit
What would happen if the justice system is replaced with a zero sum game?
Is there a military benefit to humanoid combat robots?
Can a single time travelling person prevent the World Trade Center attacks?
What good reason to raise an army of super-clones suffering from acute dementia?
Can you generate energy from particles in space?
The pros and cons of a quadrupedal human over a bipedal one?
How to protect your army from weather controllers?
Could a warship's armor be made of aluminium?
The logical ramifications of super strength
Could I hope for swarm intelligence to lead to collective consciousness?
Transporting cargo within a city using tiny rail cars, or conveyor belts, or pneumatic post
How to design Hobbit to colonize extreme planet?
STL Warp usage for transportation around a planet?
Napoleonic chemical warfare
What would happen if somebody knew how to make the Asterix's & Obelix's magic potion work nowadays?
Can an independent country join the commonwealth?
Acceleration in space
Why would common city people want to protect a forest
The Centaur--Let's Get Real, Shall We?
A King's son is born after the King has died and his brother has inherited
Is it feasible to separate the Mediterranean from the rest of the world's oceans using dams?
Hand Held Coil Gun cannon - Enough to rip a giant robot limbs into pieces
How can I determine the Lifespan of a Species
How to drain out the entire Mediterranean?
Mine easily turned into underground nuclear shelter / city
What are multiple scientificly plausible methods of faster then light travel
Underground City Design: Ventilation
What would happen to Earth if Yellowstone Erupted
Instant reloading bullets
Advantages & Disadvantages of Allowing Freedom in Local Law in an Empire
Would an alien forest look similar to some of our own?
How commonplace are Drones
Would a decentralized food system be a better option for the world?
Implications of sudden super-speed?
What would be the mass source for a futuristic retreat's reactor?
Would a kingdom allow creation of new settlements?
What kind of realistic ranged weapons would be effective in spaceship combat?
Suggested steps for creating a new race?
What would be the traits of a humanoid being who would live more comfortably in modern society?
Why would civilizations with advanced technology still use castles?
gmo pork able to feed himself through skin photosynthesis…
Developing a government that can hide an immortal ruler (and their secret to immortality)
Benefits to Yellowstone Eruption today?
How can I develop scientific names for my species'?
Tree volcano? (A "treecano", if you will)
Creating a "perfect" society
How to make antimatter batteries safe
Does Capitalism and Democracy survive free energy and automation?
City-State Governed by the Strongest Rule
Supervolcano Defense - 2100
How will geopolitics be affected by a Yellowstone supervolcanic eruption in 2017?
Why would the Federation ban escape pods that come with manual override?
Powerfish - how to use fish movements to power tech
How could the alien hybrids from the "Species" movies be approximated under real physics?
How to survive for a day if everyone is trying to kill you
Is there a precedent for inventing a new technology many years before anyone else?
Would animals from Earth be able to survive and reproduce on this planet?
With these circumstances in place, what would be an appropriate military doctrine for my fictional organisation/conglomerate of organisations?
Evolution of ophidian sapience and caudal tool use
Differing Digestive system, 2 stomachs, useful?
Invention that would supersede The Internet
What is a plausible mechanical failure that can be corrected by telekinesis?
What color is a space elevator?
How to Prevent Dictatorship on a Generation Ship?
Which voltage and frequency would be selected if there were no legacy issues?
Can we hyper start muscles
Can Mars colonies use the interior of mountains and hills rather than the surface?
What's a plausible explanation for a space faring civilization with a "16th century" culture?
Getting around the effects of low Mars gravity
scientific explanation for lack of a shadow
How can you possibly stop/kill a person who has the ability to stop time?
Would space mines really work?
How to Kill the Thought-Crime Killer
Any motivation for racism still existing in a transhumanist future?
Anatomically Correct Pegasus
The Project Sahara V2
Why would a country make a declaration of war instead of just invading?
Strongest negative emotions?
Medieval Mining
Are armed military quadrocopters possible, and if they are, how effective would they be?
Source of breathable air to fill Dyson sphere shell
Hiding a Gas Giant
Lembas bread (2000 Calories per bite)
How do I make quadcopters feasible?
What would be the likely cultural development of colonies after long periods of isolation from the motherland ?
Utopia Slavery Qualifications
How to disable off-world signals?
Fire, wind or water: which one offers the most efficient propulsion?
How long would it take us to notice Pluto disappearing?
How do I cheaply move things into space?
How can I apply SIMPLE unique nicknames for criminals in a rather gigantic world?
Supporting apocalypse
Why would veteran wizards prefer to summon their wand?
The Tethys Salinity Crisis
Livestock vs frozen food for interplanetary travel to Saturn's moon
How do you get robots to do the most harm, while under Asimov's 3 laws
How to tell a clone apart?
Can I send S.O.S in space with just a conventional cellphone?
Predicting the route of enemy spaceships?
How Long can Humans survive
Is superhuman durability biologically possible?
How to protect the Earth from the stellar evolution of the Sun?
Destruction of the moon
What would a orbital station and activity look like from the ground?
How to negate the effects of long-term close relative inbreeding in a ruling dynasty?
Stunting Technological Growth After World War II
How might you hack this voting protocol?
The Angel--Let's Get Real, Shall We?
How would you neutralise an invulnerable flying human
How to create a "twilight" world around a red dwarf star
Creating a realistic world - Currency
Order of Solar System Colonization
Are Engineered 'Super-Soldiers' a Realistic Possibility?
How to kill a telepathic, defended Person
What would happen if we shrink earth?
Protecting Yet Utilizing a War Hero
Turning dirt into white phosphorus?
What would an indestrucible human being do?
Order of Solar System Colonization (alternate version)
Why would terrorists target terraforming?
What good is a radio after a nuclear apocalypse?
How to make my Beast-Of-Burden work?
How fast can a species communicate using only tapping?
Where would my hexaped Beast-of-Burden fit into Linnaean taxonomy?
How can I prevent the collapse of the Soviet Union?
Elven life cycle and population
How can I find a geographical location on Earth that is a given distance from a given-size human population center?
The Dwarf--Let's Get Real, Shall We?
No work and all play makes Jack... no boy?
How to design a sort of semi-innocuous penal district?
How much perfluorocarbons can a space-worthy civilization produce? Will this substance become indispensable resource for terraforming?
Wireless Comms in Medieval battles
Secret Nike missile sites?
What are the political outcomes of the Sahara Project?
The Mer--Let's Get Real, Shall We?
How can I identify and capture a telepathic body-switcher?
How to break perfect symmetry? Having a conversation with a duplicate
Life-speed of non-water alien life (much slower or much faster than on Earth)?
Planetary system with a solar eclipse every day - need help designing
How bad is coulombs Force
Could horses ride humans the same way that humans ride horses?
How could a small fantasy world survive hundreds of years of darkness?
How to kill all livestock?
How can I possibly stop ISIS?
Safest, Quickest Way to Leave a Tall Building in an Emergency?
Can you make arbitrary food out of yeast?
What scientific principles could be 'abused' to make the moon have physical phases?
How many humans would there need to be for almost every body to have a doppelganger?
Why carrier battle group and long-range space warfare is not prefer in fiction?
Parasites that enhance humans physically
Establishing an under-ice base on Europa - ice drilling/melting?
What if we Used Gas Instead of Electricity
Will a person be able to see when he stops time?
Planetary rings: colour of the rings and sky
How to make a city car-free?
Building materials on Europa
Would a Complete combustion flame breath cause more destruction than a Incomplete combustion flame breath?
lifting an object by a single atom?
Battle tactics for portal warfare / exploration
What could Napoleon have done to keep his Empire intact?
Is it possible to affect a human mind using visual images in architecture
Would this Planet be habitable for humans
How do I convince Edo-Japan to colonize the West?
How can I tell if an atmosphere is suitable for life as we know it?
Electrons have been frozen in time, now what?
Is atmospheric composition based on water content?
How survivors should measure time on tidal locked planet?
Internally consistent grav-plating
How do I prevent the immediate use of nuclear weapons?
pressure differences and stargates
What would the surface of a Jupiter brain look like?
Differences of normal human and silicon based human?
How horribly would this alien die in earthly conditions?
What sea-dweller did my hexaped Beast-of-Burdern evolve from?
Avoiding preventing your own birth in a time travel paradox?
How does the Booze-Rat fuel its defensive mechanism?
How does the king control the most powerful wizard in the land?
Why would fighting arts be able to compete with reality warping?
What if the Earth's Core was made of Uranium?
Robotic Replacement for Infantry
Would humans, and animals be able to survive on this planet?
What major difficulties would be involved in maintaining cites of 10 billion people?
How do I prevent the annexation of the Republic of Indian Stream?
How long for Life on Earth to disappear after the magnetic field is gone?
Plausibility of deadly air rifles
Cheap superconductors - what would consumers notice?
The Elf—Let's Get Real, Shall We?
Could negative matter/energy exist in a stable state?
How different would the World Wars have been without planes?
Destroy a Planet inside a black hole?
What if zombie apocalypse happened in 18th century
Characters in SciFi that read SciFi
How practical and possible is a monomolecular string weapon that can be controlled?
How does gravity affect evolution of life?
How to balance magic?
imagining the scale of a type 3 civilzation
Perpetual storm on Earth
How would a large arctic mountain range affect the weather?
Different economic system for Earth
What would be the most important consequence of decreasing sexual dimorphism in humans?
How to parry a mono-blade?
How do calendar systems arise? How would this affect a civilization's time-keeping if originating on the moon of a gas giant?
Will it be posthumans rather than humans who explore the galaxy?
Would a guard dog be afraid of a walking, talking fantasy skeleton?
How did the Booze-Rat evolve its defensive mechanism?
Standardization of a language without standard vocabulary
Cacti in combat
Best (dead) Animal to use as a Weapon
Is there a way to make a metal sword resistant to lava?
What would happen if an errant icy planet impact an star with similar size?
Could a photonic engine actually work?
How do alliance acquire enough sponsors to fund for high risk almost no return space exploration program?
How would gender roles differ if men are several times stronger than women?
How would higher atmospheric pressure on an Earth-like planet affect rainfall?
Stopping Military Technological Advancement in Science Fiction Setting
An empire to last a hundred centuries
Travel (how far?) into the future using a black hole and light-speed space craft?
Is it possible to make a organ-size piano?
How to prove you're not from the future?
How could banks with multiple branches work in a world without quick communication?
The Reindeer--Let's Get Real, Shall We?
What could be the advantage of BEC sword when used in Colosseum?
How would future all-in-one personal smart device be used in a generation?
Given an infinite set of universes, how would one identify which universe they are from?
How long would would it take algae to spread through the sea
Colony Ship ... Ship
How much could a time traveler earn from selling 2016 tech having traveled back to 2000?
Large Thick but Hollow Planet with small inner planet
What jobs will people have on a frontier world? Who do we select for a ship of settlers?
How would world with no gender/race differentiation change?
What if all monetary wealth on earth was equally distributed among all people
What noticeable impacts on a human body if every ocean turns into dead sea?
How fast could a plant grow given unlimited energy?
Modern soldiers carry axes instead of combat knives. Why?
Barycentric influence on plate tectonics
Environmental effects of a spaceship landing
How far in the past could unprepared humans survive?
What would a dystopia look like if it forgot that it is a dystopia?
About time travelling, multiply yourself
What would it look like inside an Alcubierre field?
The (Alternative) Reason for the Seasons, Part 2: Variable Star
Timekeeping Systems on a Habitable Moon
Kepler Bb Civilization: Barter
How long would a day be on two tidally locked earth sized habitable planets?
The Fermi Paradox
The Key For a Longer-Lasting, Steampunkier Industrial Revolution
What is the quickest way to perfect global warming?
Can my habitable planet have a habitable moon?
What kind of problems would we have with flammable flying jellyfish?
Would this megastructure work?
Evolutionary pressure for creation of flying monkeys
How can I convince the Maritimes to join the thirteen colonies?
How might you know that unseen land exists?
How to govern marriage and family law for system recognizng polyamory or short term relationships?
How long could you survive while drowning in a cage?
How to make different social classes look quite different?
How to rapidly make an Earth-analog turn into a scorching wasteland?
Radioactive Terrorists
Underground City scenario: Unpredicted earthquake
Realism of a setting with several sapient anthropomorphic animal species
How to escape from a small super-earth?
How to increase the population growth of the human race
How would family relationships change if legal system uses collective punishment?
Would multiple sapient species with similar diets cooperate or compete?
What would have to happen in order to have both humans and dinosaur-like creatures on the same planet?
What political/historical factors could create acceptance of peaceful nuclear explosions?
What kind of catastrophic event would cause the Earth's atmosphere to thin out?
What might allow a kaiju to exist in real life?
What would happen if we sped up the rotation of the Earth's core?
Tactical Cooling of a Predator
Why would an artificial planet inhabited by machines have seasons?
What would the effects of a French Seven Years' War victory be on the American Revolution?
What is safest distance for a dormant black hole?
What methods could this alien race use to terraform the Earth so it resembles their homeworld?
What would ancient Horn-of-Africa sailors eat on ship?
How do I make the colonialism of my world believable?
What adaptions would humans obtain if they lived on Mars?
Variations of biomes in low-tilting worlds
Stopping Glaciers and Colonizing a Super Antarctica
How to protect against killer insects?
How high would a mountain have to be?
Can money buy you position of President of United States of America?
Is the idea of one big world empire a realistic one?
Maximum size of an exoskeletal creature
Creating realistic world - star cluster?
Advantages of a Very Cold Frosty weapon?
What would modern language look like if humans also communicated via bio-luminescence?
How could a 10m tall giant swim across a freshwater lake?
How imagination would work as a magic source?
An Alternative Earth: Higher Urals
An Alternative Earth: Warmer Siberia
How big can I make a spaceship?
Medieval Europe With Modern Logistical Industrial Concepts
How a nuclear war in north hemisphere would affect the south hemisphere?
Effects of freezing the moon in place?
WWII Invasion of Earth
Would Europa be a logical choice for commercial and industrial ice mining?
What evolutionary factors could evolve a species which looks like a hybrid between bunny and octopus?
As a time traveler, how would I see quantum randomness change history?
Critique this Plasma Weapon Design
Climatic consequences of two Polar Oceans and a Circumspecting Landmass
Do we need a language to think?
Improving magical shielding
What's the fastest a genetically or technologically enhanced human could regenerate?
Magic that Alters Living Cells - Fast-Growing Plants?
Zero Emission Tanks
Is magnetic telepathy possible?
How big can a carbon nanotube structure get?
How do I determine the value of a currency?
Powerful and strong tail
Which map projection would result in an accurate visual depiction of a mega crater?
Largest possible artificial cave chamber
Ouroboros Wormhole
Telekinetic Mage
What will happen if there was no crust?
Designing a planet that would have the greatest chance of developing silicon based life
Evolution bottleneck event leading to color changing humans
Symbiotic benefits for large sentient bio-machine
Can I have my blue/green habitable Gas Giant?
How to realistically show results of high gov spending invested in infrastructure and human capital?
How do I get the guards on my side
How long could life survive The Night?
What would cause life forms to be water soluble (i.e. witches)?
Lets say the whole human race lived in caves for millions of years, with lots of water and no light. What features would they gain/lose?
How can I water/soil upside-down trees and grass?
How big would a human have to be to have a full set of redundant organs?
What's more viable as futuristic infantry weapons, rail/coilguns or laser rifles?
What is the effect on humans in a gravitational field
How would telepathy work without a common language?
Are brain augmentations capable of interfering with orgasm?
What kind of protection system could be used against railguns?
How would or could a creature with a crystalline sail evolve?
What would happen to the economy if the United States suddenly emancipated all animals?
Will a Junk food war work?
What substance could stop a magnetic field?
Can one nuke reliably shoot another out of the sky?
How do I keep the Maya civilization running
Synthetic ghosts
Is there a practical reason for a civilization to build massive terranean structures?
Planetary immolation part 2: gamma radiation blast
Dragon taxonomy
World torn asunder
Is binary planets orbiting a triple star system possible?
A world based on a simulation by dying humans
What would people with black eyes see?
How to calculate your kingdom’s population size?
What would the Soviet Union have looked like if Trotsky was in power, not Stalin?
Consequences of Leonardo daVinci inventing the first car
Humans as batteries; how useful would they be?
What would we need to stop a hurricane?
What needs to happen to stop a tornado?
Economic effects of Earth island being pariah state for more then a half century?
What causes hot deserts (like the Sahara) under the ITCZ?
Can a terrestrial planet have a long lasting hurricane like the great red spot?
What are the "red flags" of an impending revolution?
How would the body evolve if DNA was signed?
Can Global warming be counteracted by building a plant which creates Cirrus Clouds?
Fossils on the Moon: Panspermia meets Conspiracy Theories!
What is the most befitting place to drop 'H'itler bomb to score decisive victory in 1945?
Building a Dyson Shell around a black hole?
How to make the development and use of Steam Engines preferred over that of Combustion Engines?
How to design a steam powered supersonic aircraft?
There's a limit for how much trauma a human can suffer before he dies/pass out?
A handheld microwave gun: Is it feasible and what would it do?
Vintage ray guns
Could aliens naturally evolve synesthesia?
The problem of Rights of Synthetics
How to feel objects outside of ones body?
If magic was real, which sort of particles could explain it?
Can food be grown/raised underground in a sustainable way?
What side effects would a genetically enhanced 10 times stronger human have?
Primogeniture/marriage/clans/etc in a hermaphroditic species
Suspension Vs. Cantilever--Which Bridge Will Stand Strong?
How long to crumble?
Would humans outcompete sequential hermaphrodites?
Plausibility of "Exotic Nutrition"
Plausible way for the Sun to lose huge amounts of mass?
What conditions would support mercury as bodily fluid?
Is playing musical instruments easier or harder with fewer fingers?
Could an intelligent civilization have existed on Earth before humans?
How to defend Earth against "alien bees tactic" in the modern era?
Project Modern Apocalypse Fortifications
How would daylighting influence architecture in a dense, multimilion city on a planet orbiting red dwarf?
Mining for room temperature superconductors: Better To Just Make Them In The Lab?
How much land would it take to feed 1,000,000,000,000 people?
Effects of railguns on people and equipment
How do I make the Thirteen Colonies into a Monarchy instead of a presidency
Ways to make an alien viral plague scientifically hard?
What would be the possiblity of galaxy sized planet of sorts for a table top roleplaying game
Is it possible to mix vacuum tube-based technology with modern small computer boards?
How would I NOT get rich by going back in time and telling myself about Google?
Using Mars as a waystation for asteroid mining
Why does the wizard high council tolerate witchcraft when women outnumbered men by 10:1?
Circumstellar Habitable Zone of an Orange Dwarf
Would the humans ban the immigration of the colonial hobbit?
Where on a tidally locked planet with a 25 °C maximum is the 0 °C isotherm?
Stopping time, by speeding it up inside a bubble
Create "gold" from lead (or other substances)
War on candies (or on other threats to modern, affluent people)
Societal impact of a Mars colony(-ies)
A power source that would last a REALLY long time
If America could not annex Hawaii, what nation (if any) most likely would?
Could intelligent life have existed on Mars while it was habitable?
Would PRC extend its Panda policy to Mars colonist?
Circulation patterns on a tidally-locked binary planet
Would a fighter jet be able to go into orbit from Mars surface?
Building an Ethics Framework for use of Uploaded Personalities
Is there any job that can't be automated?
How to build a telescope using gravitational lensing?
Would an animal with a huge sack that could fill with a light gas like Helium be able to float in the sky?
Can Communism become a stable economic strategy? How?
Let's make a second Bible: Noel's Arch
What would it take to make thorium a prominent energy source?
Who owns genes?
How can there be different religions in a world where gods have been proven to exist?
Can we make rain on Mars?
Ideal size for a relativistic generation ship?
Is it realistic to have aliens invading Earth for water?
How to solve the old 'gun on a spaceship' problem?
Accelerating a massive spaceship
Could Vermont Remain an Independent Nation
What is the motivation for all advanced intelligent extraterrestrial alien races to mask their presence from the primitive human?
How desolate can I make a habitable world?
How do the people of Hjårdan 'farm' the Booze-Rat?
Would the existence of Megalodon during the medieval ages threaten Sea Travel and how to defend against them?
Are there any other colors to radioluminescence?
How far can our modern day tech achieve in absence of gold element?
How to get clones to look identical to original?
Do great minds really think alike?
What are the advantages of a giant glass temple?
How to justify evolution of a sapient hermaphrodite species
What may phones look like in a world of scarcity, wearability and phone pollution aware politicians?
Are there any rules or guidelines about designing a flag?
Self-Sustaining Monarchy With Extended Absence of Monarch
Effects of an alien weather generator?
Despite our inability to judge vast distances of space why would spacecraft still have windows?
What happens when a shapeshifter gets muddy?
How can an entire kingdom be removed from the middle of a continent?
Man-portable 5-20 MJ railgun?
How to explain polytheistic gods in a world with a monotheistic origin
How would the Golden Gate Bridge collapse without maintenance?
How can a spaceship get into the correct wormhole?
Social implication of human hermaphroditism and parthenogenesis
How do churches make Christians believe in robotic archbishops?
How would they learn astronomy, those who don't see the stars?
Interfacing with unknown technology?
How better off would we be If divine intervention happened during roman times
Physics Plus: Artifical Gravity in Space
Plausible reasons for evolution of humanoids with multiple pairs of eyes
Could my creature's reproductive system work?
How to ensure crew safety in an inertial starship
How can citizens prevent brainwashing?
Would it be possible for iron and silver to be combined chemically into an alloy?
How might the tropics freeze while the poles melt?
How could offspring only ever display the phenotype of their parent and never ancestor?
How to allow to imprison enemies of state, while still have opposition at large?
What would humans look like if they lived 50-100,000 years 6 to 9 km above sea level?
How would multiple alien races inhabit a planet like Coruscant?
How small can humans be before weird stuff starts to happen?
How to fly around the Martian thin layer of sky without burning holes in our pockets?
How can a nocturnal race develop agriculture?
Relativity: is it possible that we are the most technologically advanced race in our galaxy?
If 1 million people were plucked from the Earth today and put on a new planet, how long would it take for a civilization to arise?
Find a candidate for "planet essence"
Communication and Navigation for space flight on Europa
Civilization of humans with monochromatic eyesight
How can I escape from a planet like Mars without any modern technological tools such as a rocket?
Would it be possible to recreate planet Earth on a desolate planet that has with similar basic properties?
New tech, old clothes
So, what types of blood could non-carbon based lifeforms have, and what would the chemical makeup be?
What minimal magic is needed to maintain a huge torus planet?
Swiss Army Rockets
Break-even distance for sending data at c versus sending an FTL hard drive?
Could ships in space use a Steam Engine?
Would there be any advantage for a rotating wheel space station to adopt mobius strip design?
X ray effects of high energy weapons
Skyscrapers on low gravity planets
What would happen if a generation ship returned to Earth and the country that sponsored them no longer exists?
Is it possible to have a habitable planet unsuitable for agriculture?
Fleeing the solar system
How to sort the family, genus and species of animals from the future?
A ship so powerful that aerodynamic design is not needed
Would a sonic sword be useful in the middle ages?
A modern-day scientist travels back in time to Nazi Germany
Temperatures in an eccentric orbit?
Understanding the dispersion field
How would a vagrant civilization evolve?
Mermaids on Land?
What would a realistic ocean size for human migration be?
Is intelligence the "natural" product of evolution?
Is Earth-like habitable planet with erratic climate possible?
How could species determine sex genetically using only autosomes?
Theocratic empire
What are the effects of constant daylight on plantlife
How could colonists living above Venus lower the temperature at 1 bar atmosphere to 70-80 Fahrenheit?
Alternative Power Systems
Tidal forces of tidally locked moon orbiting a gas giant
Dealing with space debris and Kessler Syndrome
Which climate and geological conditions would be the most suitable for capitol of tidally locked planet?
Habitability of our solar system when Sun becomes red giant
Could two old theoretical physicists help the stalkers?
A bow and arrow ..IN SPACE!
If all taxes were replaced with a Land Tax, would this deliver a fairer society and improve the economy?
Logistics of civilization with point-to-point superluminal travel calculating a pseudo-current map of the galaxy's navigational hazards
Landships in an Ice World
Can a popular rebellion overthrow the roman republic?
Why did nature choose only two types of gender?
How to detect North Korean fusion plant?
With modern technology, is it possible to permanently stay in sunlight, without going into space?
Mermaid Buoyancy: Oily Livers, Swim Bladders and Lungs
A corrupted religion
Democracy for inbred people?
Would media tell the truth if it depends on the parties?
How do I keep California independent
Mermaid Land (and Sea?) Combat
Non-Enclosed Boat/Backless Boat?
One North African Civilization Or More?
Are the properties of "element zero" feasible?
Centrifugal gravity on a large, asteroid-based spacecraft
How to make magic commonplace and still keep it mysterious
Keeping disparate tech-levels between two worlds despite knowledge transfer
Ancient Slingshots? Ancient (Vulcanized) Rubber?
Death Star-esque space ship in Earth's orbit - how to destroy it without destroying earth?
Is it plausible for my creature to have similar IQ as humans?
What could make an area of land be accessible only at certain times of the year?
How would a planet-sized computer power receive power?
Standardisation of Time in a FTL Universe
Is society better off without religion?
Plant based lifeforms: brain equivalent?
Would an alien species need to produce waste?
Wind Turbines in Space
Is it plausible that there could be an alien species that has the capacity to mate with and share genetic material with many other alien species?
Wind Turbines at the edge of space
How would a creature produce and store Nitroglycerin?
could an animal evolve wheels, or how would animals with no biological parts move?
How does a migratory species farm?
Farming after the apocalypse: chickens or giant cockroaches?
Could a long skyscraper be used to limit amount of pollution coming from industrial district?
What effects would an Oracle have on society?
Consequences of a machine that can create anything?
Keeping secret the power to create anything?
Effective range of laser weapons in space
Plausible usage of melee weapons in a futuristic environment
Has a species known about its own extinction, and did that species go extinct?
Feasibility of ocean-spanning railroads?
Plausibility of the Japanese Nekomimi
How, if at all, would the Wind System be Different in a world of Floating Islands?
Would a planet with sulfur dioxide atmosphere be feasible?
Would giant worms cause environmental damage?
Justification for Gatling type Coil Gun
What would be the effects of living in the "twilight zone" of a tidally locked planet?
If Earth was returned to a 'natural' state could it break down present human culture?
Could a society function if the government, the corporations, the military, and the mafia were one and the same?
Creating an infinitely powerful weapon that doesn't make you infinitely dead
The view in a binary star system
Finding Signs of Life from afar
How fast would paper memos travel?
Can a biological laser exist?
How do spaceship-mounted railguns not destroy the ships firing them?
Would a Niven Ring in the Uranus atmosphere be stable?
Storing information in the future; was it safer in the past?
How do I make the Republic of the Rio Grande Independent
Could a malevolent alien organism disguise itself to control a culture's politics?
Is "extreme ideology" just a hand-wave to impossible social organizations? - Oligarchical Communism
Magitech Utility Items
What conditions are necessary to support a vitriolic chlorine planet?
A Roman/Chinese Empire
Where do mushroom forests thrive?
Wardogs in Modern Combat
Gender roles for a jungle treehouse culture
Meeting other sides of a cube world, cheapest method?
Can a plant change history?
Is a food chain without plants plausible?
How much energy in return force?
Railguns as a means of propelling people onto a battlefield (or to another ship)
Dark matter caused by Matrioshka Systems
How long could the sun be turned off without overly damaging planet Earth + humanity?
Idealistic Suppressor Technology's Effect on Warfare
Could keyboards + mice ever really become obsolete?
Help me Explain this Alien's Traits
What benefits would having a second moon bring for humanity?
How to differentiate alien voices apart?
What's a safer design for a relativistic kill vehicle?
Railgun projectiles against ERA protection
How would the world work if you were bigger?
How to explain the existence of just one religion?
How do merfolk develop agriculture
Efficiency of Aquaculture in a Neolithic Society
Choosing axial tilt for human habitable planet for largest temperature variations
Alien Biological Temperature Control?
How useful would be genetic engineers of near future to human colony?
Is there a plausible way to exchange matter between spatial dimensions?
Is this alternate history plausible? (Hard Sci-Fi, Realistic History)
What kind of weapons could squirrels use?
Weapons for bioengineered aliens
Matter Digitatization?
What is the botanic equivalent to muscles
Plausible way of delaying sexual differentiation
Human vs apes: What advantages do humans have over apes?
Human crew reaction to alien fan
How useful would small, domesticated, omnivorous bears be?
How quickly could a spaceborne missile accelerate?
Highest possible percentage of genetic diversity within a species?
What type of an engine malfunction would make a good plot device?
Showing the gods our power
Would a time-travelling blockchain destroy a cryptocurrency?
Can I use norse mythology in my fantasy world?
Advantages of Mechs in modern warfare
Quarantine line at the Mississippi
Plausibility of fantasy setting
How to tour Cretaceous Period on economic class?
Story set on an island?
How would technology adoption of Lithium Air battery work?
How to hatch and raise a healthy T-Rex's cousin today?
Is it possible for an ordinary human male to have sex with a super woman, who has super strength and super durability, without dying?
Assuming that all separatist movements in North America succeeded, what would borders look like?
What classification would our World Unus Solum fall under?
Can a Sense-less person learn languages?
How to search and rescue missing person in the late Cretaceous?
How to "milk" a Rex?
how will an underground city state work?
How would rootless culture look like?
I am designing a new exoplanet. Do these physical parameters seem plausible?
Would makes sense the existence of private banks on an interest-free (or almost) economy?
Water supply on an mountain fortress
The Tibetan Bristlecone
What could we do with a prophecies that are always the *opposite* of the future?
If Earth was destroyed, would the planets in our solar system realign?
Could the existence of a kaiju (giant monster) be justified by anything besides magic?
Technology to inhabit −200 degrees planets?
How to make your world’s revolutions feel realistic?
Earth-like moons orbiting around a gas giant
Is there any simple way to describe this concept without confusing people?
How can a nine tailed fox catch its prey?
How to flood the entire lunar surfaces?
How to get rid of all the heat in my spaceship?
Humans specifically adapted to be ambush predators
Aerial Sniper/shooting - How accurate can a sniper rifle be while flying magically at certain speeds and distance?
Protection from solar flares and coronal mass ejections
Life on Smooth World
Can Feudalism Endure Advanced Agricultural Techniques?
Would a food chain based on bacteria in hot springs be able to support a human population?
Could modern structural engineer be useful to medieval Master Mason?
Frictionless Materials and Survival
Effect of impact of a pure gas comet?
How powerful does a spaceship need to be to move a planet out of orbit?
Dragolitics, or how political structures work when rulership is determined solely by individual might
Do the physics of my gray goo scenario check out?
How can advanced aliens overclock our Sun?
Dropping out of warp
What goes into making a good writing system
A class struggle between nobility and the religious elite?
How quickly could a major city disappear off the face of the Earth?
How to explain why one country’s technology is mostly biotech with neighbors that are not?
How to explain the use of high-tech bows instead of guns
How to create a realistic flying carpet?
The creation of Fox-fire and illusions, for the nine-tailed fox
All companies are either not-for-profit or NPOs: what problems will we face?
How could a language that uses a single word extremely often sustain itself?
How does a migratory species advance past the Stone Age?
Intellectual Property infringement
What is the largest planet size that can be pushed out of orbit?
How to prevent alien's synthetic biology knowledge from destroying my setting?
How to explain centuries of cultural/intellectual stagnation?
How to design puzzles for an ancient period in Earth history?
What are the main pointers to creating a written template of a fantasy world?
How small can you make an antimatter generator?
On aliens, how do they speak?
time travel paradox
Magic System Balance Question
Radiotrophic Deep Sea Life?
What's the best way to control a city from behind the curtains?
Is there any conceivable way that we could survive an AI uprising?
How to destroy evil incarnate?
Why is the bridge on smaller spacecraft at the front but not in bigger vessels?
Fiction Accuracy: American Nightmare
Is a binary system of two planets with a common ring possible?
Can Alien AI of other galaxy reach us?
Safest place to park a spaceship close to the Sun
Plausibility of a creature made of planets and stars?
How does space between ends of a wormhole work?
Three different sexes within the same organism
Would the Elvish city be able to function if most of the Elves are replaced with Gnomes?
Heterochiral biosphere: a two-handed world
In a World Where Gods Exist Why Wouldn't Every Nation Be Theocratic?
Super-heat ability wielder being struck by lightning
An ID for Nobody
Holding in an atmosphere primarily using a magnetic field
How to bring Vikings to South Africa?
Wireless power generation in a fleet of spaceships
Would reverse draw crossbow win Mohi?
How fast can a microscopic creature travel?
How big/powerful would your fusion reactor need to be to power the engines of a 32km long starship?
The Ice-Free British Isles
How does a large starship maintain orbit while running in low power mode?
Time Travel vs Conservation of matter and energy
Runaway Starship Ramps
Combat in "age of sail" air ship
Fresh threads, Expired people: How to make long lasting cloths
What power source could accelerate my O'Neill cylinder to fractions of c?
How does a Flat Earth world work?
Anatomy of a living, tree-based spaceship - What's it made from?
Airship weapons, gliders
What could an aquatic civilization use to write on/with?
How will creator discipline the created?
What is the botanic equivalent to the circulatory system?
Generating power using a black hole's accretion disk?
Cameras replacing human eyes after an accident: Is there a limit to how high resolution the brain can process?
How can an opposing civilzation survive when another civilization actively pursues genetic engineering?
A different kind of atmosphere, what gasses other than oxygen could be used by alien life forms?
What would be the effects on the courts if Jury Nullification becomes common?
If time travel was to be invented somewhere in the future, wouldn't all history be filled with time travellers?
Recording Human Vision
What does the solar system sound like?
How to destroy/destabilize a structure that's been flux-pinned?
Is extending human gestation realistic or I should stick with 9 months?
How can privacy be maintained when AI humanoid personal robots become commonplace?
What should a container ship look like, that easily cruises through hurricane?
Multiple moons orbiting a gas giant: How would I calculate how long it appears for a closer moon to orbit the planet from a further-out moon?
Hurricanes in a Large Ringworld, Clockwise or Anti-clockwise rotation?
How does a herbivorous mermaid species without gills and swim bladder stay underwater its entire life?
Fighting a dragon with modern military units (or Smaug vs. a MEU)
Cold Hudson Air vs. Warm Gulf Air
What happens when the mega corp turns evil?
What is the most economical barrier that can physically prevent any spaceships from trespassing into Earth?
Would shortening a species lifespan increase the speed of technological advances?
How detrimentally would the science of a civilisation be affected if they lived on a tidal locked world
Explanining mechanism of touch based influence?
It's the end of the world. How do we react?
How do I Create a Privacy Shield?
Technology level of South African Vikings in 1488?
Are there any elements that wouldn't be useful to a self-replicating machine?
Can nukes or missiles be launched remotely?
How I explain New France not having their Middle East?
The growth and development of the fox's nine tails?
Are moon colonies scientifically easier than interstellar travel?
How to set phaser to kill the mermaids?
Could "living" metal be plausible in a sci-fi setting?
Trying to build a realistic dead-people, biologically and environmentally friendly world based on biological naturalness and ancestry
How to select citizen justices?
What would have happened to the world if the sepoy mutiny of 1857 had suceeded?
How would a person see with an adjustable cross-shaped pupil?
How big can a planet be
Would sharing a common written language reduce the severity of linguistic drift?
How to defeat the elven insects using modern technology?
In the future, around year 2500, will only one language exist on earth?
Equipped with the knowledge we have now, what could a group of people do NOW to survive future climate-change-induced collapse of society?
In what kind of element should aliens pay us?
Can slowing down someone's heart help them survive a stab wound?
How does a sighted species explain that they can see
How long will our technology last?
Transfer of knowledge from mother to child before birth
How would the world function if there was no concept of money?
Could a hollow rocky planet the size of Jupiter be artificially created, and how would that affect species growing on its surface
Would ripping the core from a Sun-like star cause it to explode?
The 10,000 year skyscraper
Anatomically Correct Slenderman
If the whole world suffered a massive EMP attack, how long would it take for people to forget how to build modern technology?
Retractable claws in otherwise human-like hands?
How to seize a Hobbit thief who stole the one of a kind de Broglie's suit?
Use of metal arrowheads vs stone/bone arrowheads in iron-age society?
What can be used to anchor the Moon?
interplanetary trade in around 2400 CE
Anatomically Correct Creeper
A magic item capable of granting wishes and prone to being lost. What is the best way to go about reclaiming it once it slipped out of your hands?
Could a bathyscaphe able to reach the Mariana Trench be first made in the nineteenth century?
What would be the value of gold and jewelry in a post-apocalyptic society?
What if gravitational force was strongest force rather than the Strong force
Does it make sense for these space ships to have turrets?
How to build Islam in Fantasy?
The 10,000 year skyscraper Part II: Could it ever be possible?
How would a society develop that has no sense of value or ownership?
Could instrumentation on Earth detect a large scale nuclear exchange in a nearby star system?
Planes in Saturn
What is embodiment of death associated with ?
World Turtle - Reproduction
Slow aliens: Realistic scale
Could you give a human chromatophores?
How to harness Jupiter's gravitational energy?
How to clean-cut my space-borne enemies?
How do I build my Space Fleet?
What would flora and fauna look like on a world in constant sunlight?
What could you mine from a city squashed by an ice sheet - in a new ice age?
How would a human face look when it was covered since birth?
Gravitational Implications of a "Light Year City"
Three sexes and biodiversity
Governmental Implications of a "Light Year City"
Will privacy disappear if our sense of smell was strong like that of a bear?
Can the Buffalo Roam in Ranches?
Could people live indefinitely in underground cities?
How to conquer challenger deep using steam engine?
How to speed up development during medieval times
Harmony amongst Human Termites?
How do you beat a star like a drum?
Magic ability as a balance between male and female?
How small could an animal be before it is consciously aware of the effects of quantum mechanics?
Moon rotation & orbit periods differs - can it be made feasible?
How would weather and climate be different in a world that always receives sunlight from all sides?
Preparing for Absolute Certainty of a Nuclear War
A world where lichens take the niche of plants?
Feasibility of Space Nets
How to get into space from northern latitudes?
Could a virus extend life-span?
What adaptations to a mammal's eyes would allow it to see large contrasts well, and what other effects would those have?
How would temperature variation work on the inside surface of a Dyson sphere?
Emotionless Humans
Would a world run by geniuses be a dystopia?
Is there a practical method of storing a kugelblitz?
Would organic computers eventually be more powerful than silicon computers?
How would E-Commerce be affected in case of an Embargo?
How to shield my spaceship against all that deadly radiation?
Could you grow plants from nothing (or very little) using hydoponics?
Progressive level of abandonment of a place
Designing a binary asteroid pair
Could the Hoatzins wings evolve into arms
What mix of corporate structures (out of the 4 given) would be most efficient for a galaxy-wide corporate conglomerate?
How far can a city atop of mountain be visible?
Storage of a material that passes through non-living matter
Alternatives to cellular carbon based lifeforms
Tank-Fighting Alien
Steam-Punk society with other society using only electric.
Sexuality question
Can graphene claws cut through steel armor
Would small stores' selection grow indefinitely in a space colonization era?
How structurally strong would an object need to be to survive a trip through an ergosphere?
How wide would my cylinder be to allow air 500m below water surface?
Ancient Greece have access to cheap, durable and easy to process material, how far can they advance?
What kind of human habitable planets should in put in the goldilock zone?
How do you set up a long term colony on Mercury
Could we build and deploy a multi-gigaton nuclear bomb with today's technology?
What abilities might each member of a 4-person planetary recon craft have?
What direction is my asteroid coming from?
What would happen if all dark energy instantly converted to radiation due to vacuum metastability event?
What crime would be illegal to uncover in medieval Europe?
The cost of switching to electric cars?
Would we find alien music meaningful?
Gravity Differences
Entropy of the afterlife
Giant man-eating germs!
Long lasting life on interstellar planets?
Can a one gendered species evolve sapience
How can I prevent a cube world from going spherical
Explosion contained in the depths of a crystal: how would it work?
What materials in modern culture would be useless to an engineer ahead of his time?
How much time would it take for a planet scale Miller-Urey experiment to generate intelligent life
What would be the consequences of a world that has only one dominant species of non-oceanic animal life?
Projectiles in a world devoid of gunpowder
Does my ferrofluid party trick make sense?
How to evolve purely pacifist intelligence
How big would an 11 year old's wings have to be to fly?
In a world with time travel, could one change the present by changing the future?
How can a nine-tailed fox avoid the presence of humans?
Start a coup online without the government intervening
How does biochemistry relate to nutrients needed for life?
A "philanthropic" businessman
Are There Benefits to Following Train Tracks Instead of Roads?
Genetically engineering protection against flashbangs?
Tanks on the Moon
Surviving a Nuclear Strike
How can an advanced (circa 7000 AD) spacefaring human civilization be prevented from entering its own solar system?
Could we seed Earth's atmosphere with hydrogen?
A fossilised ninetails
Morphology of the nine tailed fox
Technological gradient within a solar system?
Construction of Large Naval ships - Structural
How would a society without linear alphabetic writing have devised human-readable computer inputs?
Revitalizing a planet formerly locked in an artificial winter -- how long would it take?
Would an Agricultural Scythe work as a the Signature Weapon of an Assassin?
How do I make an alien technology feel alien?
Viable Energy Beam
What if the Earth's oceans are added to Mars?
Construction of Large Naval ships - Driving it onto land
What change to laws of nature could disable modern technology, but allow nature as we know it? Or is it impossible?
Limit computation technology in a futuristic society
Solar Powered Vehicles
Tools of the trade
Forcing everyone to speak the same language
How many years should the transformation from woman to man take?
Would the members of an online imageboard (or any community) be able to build a post-apocalytic society upon their reputation?
Dealing With Dragonslayers
an artificial fission star
Building a better flamethrower
What does a civilization do after it's achieved peace and advanced tech?
Would magic cause a medieval society to stagnate rather than progress technologically?
Why would civilization remain recognizable despite super people regularly destroying and rebuilding it?
How to hide past mining
What could prevent future commercial interstellar starships running quantum computers?
Will we need to replace conventional rockets to send manned missions further into space?
Using Jupiter as a Gravity Gun
Encasing a star in a perfect insulator
What are some ways that fast, long-distance communications can exist without needing to have electronic radios?
Feasibility of a Synthetic Buoyancy Bladder, Used in the Air
Could CRISPR be used to create infectious cancer?
How does one calculate the tidal heating of a satellite?
Post-apocalyptic... Rasberry Pi with Linux distribution?
Can spacecraft defend against antimatter weapons? How?
Can the Great Wall Be Greater?
How to protect human colonists from Red Dwarf flares?
Earthlike World With Copper-Contaminated Water?
Could a planet with no satellites and no tectonic plates be habitable?
An Australia for Egg-Layers (No Marsupials)
How to create snowball Earth again?
How would immersive cinemas work?
Could a soldier wearing TALOS armor use a .950 caliber rifle without a bipod?
Is it possible to receive an echo from a radio signal in space?
A creature afraid of the light
Baby defects: Complicated system
How bad will the tides be here?
How would people power vehicles on a planet with no fossil fuels (like Mars)?
Is it possible for a temperate forest/freshwater area to form within a desert?
a creature that can drill, through compact soil
Would it be possible to physically rip/break the fabric of space-time?
Where and how can we mine diamonds outside of Earth but within our Solar System?
How can Average Joe create a micro-state that is a member of the UN in the least amount of time?
The Titanic Ozarks
How can humanity avoid an AI apocalypse?
What could cause humanity to migrate from land to water?
What would be the consequences of humanity migrating from land to water?
Person with plant enhancements?
What should I pack for an overland journey in a Bronze Age?
Why do governments not execute or otherwise permanently contain super villains?
What would happen if there was no wind?
Under what circumstances will magnetic levitation kill Average Joe?
Telekinesis resistant locks
Would mask law helps prevent racial and cultural conflicts in the medieval times?
How would a realistic mind/Identity change be experienced over one week?
How can we ensure that superhuman AIs are benevolent?
How quickly could modern humans go through the techtree?
Could a new auto-immune disease develop because humans live in too sterile of an environment?
How would a person function if they were in orgasm literally all the time, biologically speaking?
What difficulty would the Roman Empire have besieging a fantasy kingdom's 49 m wall?
Designing a flag for Mars: drag and proportion
Transportation Gateway in Medieval Society
How could I create a believable Tree World, in which the Trees would float in the oceans, they would grow on surface of water, horizontally
How can a species not grow?
Why are demi Gods like Alexander not immortal?
How slowly would continental gears need to turn to not destroy everything?
Is an identical recreation of our world's creation happening right now?
Ecosystem of Bladetree, a tree that has a trunk growing horizontally over the ocean
How would it be possible to have a singular island that is the only place suitable for human life?
A snowglobe-esque world
Hidden Aliens on Mars?
Why would War Of The Worlds happen?
In a Westworld-esque Park, How Do I Prevent Humans Killing Each Other?
Would mutated, parasitic 'metahumans' solve proliferation problem in a post apocalyptic world?
Egg pouch: Chest or Abdomen?
Plot a course for Cutthroat Supercluster
Could the Industrial Revolution be delayed indefinitely? Or is it inevitable once a certain point in development is reached?
Could reincarnation entail something like Star Trek's "symbiont"?
How would a fight with Ancient Greeks go against the Mythological Titans in 341 BC?
Consequences of Portal-Travel
What would humanity do, if everything was invented?
How would language be affected if humans had animal-like mouths?
How would merfolk store and preserve their food?
Is there any advantage in a railgun/coilgun having multiple barrels?
How do underground civilizations effectively manage waste sanitation?
Preserving the dead
Is there a problem with interpreting dark matter as hidden dimensions?
How large can an Earth species be in 2016 without being discovered?
Erratic Day and Night Periods
Post apocalyptic science based story
What is the most hostile environment to hide something?
How to justify vampirism in general intelligence?
How would corporations look like if the conglomerates are banned?
Where did the "paler skin means higher status" concept originate? And approximately when?
Why do governments not permanently restrain super villains?
If an overabundance of L. Salivarious created a new auto-immune disease, what symptoms would it cause?
Justify Prosperous Medieval Middle Class (No Trade or Industrial Revolution)
Iron practically everywhere
How might a government pass a law without the population knowing?
Which current networking protocol would be the optimal choice for very small FTL bandwidth?
Could the atmosphere be compressed and put into bottles?
How was Bladetree Magic created?
Can guns be rendered unusable by changing the atmosphere?
A literally enlightening beam of knowledge
Martian Currency
How could you affect bullets with Compression/Expansion powers?
Would it be dangerous for the average country to drop its army?
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Animals
Wireless charging
What are the limits of superatom engineering?
Dealing with maimed veterans
Generation ship: Artificial sunlight
How to utilize Compression and Expansion of Matter and of Time-Space outside of combat
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Making it Impossible to Leave
What would happen when an artificially-sustained miniature star could no longer be sustained?
Is a world with two different types of air possible?
Planetary Defenses Against Interstellar Grey Goo Cloud?
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Resources
Recyling Metals in a Post Apocalyptic World
How to explain lack of flatland?
Could a satellite remain hidden in this day and age?
Growing crops on a planet orbiting red dwarf
Fighting a dragon with modern military units Part II: Airborne First Encounter
Could These Two Types of Reptiles Overcome Carrier's Constraint?
Industrial and Economic use of magic that can compress and expand matter and space-time
A supercomputer around the sun
Where would we be without animal testing?
Humanoid Alien basking and ship shifts
How can I explain space travel being accepted and supported in a typical fantasy setting?
Impacting an Asteroid into the South Pole
What reacts to nitrogen by showing signs of color?
How far will rain clouds travel inland?
The empire built on sugar
Could the Therapsids Evolve Without the Pelycosaurs?
How terrified would a modern human be 10,000 years in the future?
Ultra-Modern Farming Techniques in the Middle Ages
Would it be possible to remove all the technology from the universe in one hundred years?
Radioactive weapon feasibility study
Viability of a vampire-like creature which emits a pathogen
What would happen if guns just stopped working?
Generation ship: Too restrictive requirements?
What is the place of human civilization between warring alien civilizations?
Self-Sacrifice is the Only Way to Beat Him - Reality Check
How would juvenile humans with few tools start mining? Or is there a reasonable substitute for metals?
Is it possible that humans could ever evolve to handle the Sun's radiation without anything to protect us?
Does cell phone radiation really cause cancer?
On the unsustainability of exponential growth
Would This Mesozoic Great Dying Still be Just as "Great"?
Kepler Bb civilization: Muscularity Index
What would be the first feelings/thoughts/experiences a building would undergo if it was given sentience?
Could the cosmic background radiation solve the Fermi Paradox?
How do the tides work when the sun powers the moon to keep out evil?
Could a humonoid be hematophage
Could a solar system wide government run efficiently for a century?
Could hydroponic farms reasonably feed 100 billion people?
Magic VS Tech in manufacturing efficiency
Near future Space ship weaponry : Projectile vs Lasers vs Hydrogen Bomb
How and why would an organism evolve BioSteel?
How to setup non suspicious blockage that deny access to all except witches?
Ecocide with a clear deliberate intent
How Effectively Could a Telescope Look Through a Wormhole?
Humanoid aliens, lazy worldbuilding or a good basis?
How many nodes are needed in a communication satellite network so that it may be a weapon?
What animals live in mushroom forests?
Why would a language be undubbable by universal (machine) translator?
Could a Universal Translator be used to decipher encryption?
Land Requirement for Island City
Machina Plague: Spread
Neandertal Civilization
How do you solve the copied consciousness conundrum without killing anyone?
How many windmill rotations does it take to send a rocket to Mars?
How would a "reversed planet" be able to exist?
What reason could change people's mentality to treat each other as members of one kind?
Magical mail delivery method
Proper clothes for inhabitants of a planet of hats
Anatomically Correct Mokèlé-mbèmbé
The perfect assassin
Fine-tuning human genetic-level transformation
Should immortal women have periods?
Exploring deep ocean at 1GPa with minimum metal available
Machina Plague: Health Effects
How advanced could a civilization controlled by small children become?
Using Europa's geysers as a source of geothermal power?
What would be the last magic to disappear from the world
How do you circulate cryoprotectants through the human body?
How can nuclear power produce -electricity- in space when energy must be converted differently?
How long would it take to be able to make artificial moons?
Piercing the Earth
Every Cloud Has A Silver Composition
If the oxygen is introduced into the flammable gas by a tube, does it produce stable combustion? And What does the flame look like?
Creating New Life
Measurement system for Kepler Bb
What would the ethical and legal concerns of Suicide Booths be?
How long does it take for a fact to become a legend? (In a medieval setting)
Why would a crash landed generation fall back to the stone age?
What would the effect of a massive hull breach on an O'Neil Cylinder have on those on the inside of it?
Psychological effects of teleportation and coping mechanisms
Speed of vehicles built by humanoid giants
How do you prove mirrors aren't literally parallel universes?
Machina Plague: Quarantine
The Fall of the Byzantine Empire
Would advanced civilization without religion do well?
How much time would it take for an immortal being to get bored?
Airliner takes off from JFK in 1966, gets stuck in time warp and lands in London in 2016
can the same river be deep and fordable
What would cause turkeys to be intelligent?
What would a world with a 45 degree axial tilt look like
Can there be a planet for which orbit and precession take the same time?
How do you keep clean on long, pre-industrial journeys?
How would one end up with independent Bear Island
Possible world ending scenario if nowadays earth population can learn and practice magic
Why would an incredibly long lived race not be known for their scarring?
Machina Plague: Cure
Build a vactrain time-machine
How to tell what can I use in space bistro?
Can existential crisis wipe out a civilization?
Is it possible for humanity to completely annihilate itself?
Maximum gravity a land mammal could cope with
Why would a society choose to reject technology and use only magic?
Are "none-of-the-above" species classifications possible?
Mountaineers With Big Hearts and Even Bigger Lungs
Could a carbon/silicon/oxygen planet exist?
How different would life be in India if all of the myths would be true
Is there any way for an evil demon could make use of good witches?
My generation ship aliens: Plausible development?
My generation ship aliens: Nocturnal and Diurnal plausible in same species?
What geographic features occur at each type of tectonic plate boundary?
Is ignorance of time dilation effects justified?
alternate future with vacuum tube transport systems
How could you keep a rogue planet warm(ish)?
Could antimatter be used as the propellant in a gun?
How could names plausibly change over several generations of humans living in a space station on another planet?
How to destroy a parallel timeline?
Will interplanetary shipping even be necessary in a future with nanofabricators?
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Population vs. Ecosystem
In an era of instantaneous travel, would more mundane methods still be used?
How could a mammalian body provide substantial electrical power through non-harmful, "passive" means?
Which are the key questions in worldbuilding that, if answered, add the most to the context?
Atmospheric Water Extraction
Harnessing energy from a Black Hole
Could another intelligent life evolve on earth after we leave?
Safely shooting antimatter
AI and Jobs: How would AI change the job market
How to find out a year I'm in?
If North America Was Devastated in 1980, Would the Eastern Bloc Still Collapse in 1989?
The Tsarist Enlightenment
Can we use GM technology to make humans regenerate?
Making humans 'see' in slow motion
Redressing the Geologic Face of Japan
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Shelter
Could you really evade a machine (cyborg) hit?
Motivations for interstellar war
FTL and causality
How cold can a planet actually get?
Subsurface alien life on Titan moon
Military Tank drone, why are they not common yet?
How small in diameter a planet can be while retaining most of Earth's properties?
Realistic World War III between China and the US
Is my Third World War world looks consistent?
Truth Stone: Effects on the justice system, and criminal world
Help! Our merchants keep turning into villains!
Razor-tipped arrows?
What is the most efficient and safest way to communicate with an alien should first contact occurs?
Animal That Eats Planets
Mermaid Technology
Trade Unions VS Guilds: semantics or is there a 'real' difference?
How do I prevent the collapse of Francia
How could I make a portal to parallel universes as scientifically realistic as possible?
Is there any practical reason to have a superheated combat knife?
Why would a city not use names?
If true interplanetary and interstellar travel were achieved, would the decreasing mass of the earth become a problem?
Is it worth sending a manned mission to a black hole?
Mixed language or creole?
Protecting Space Ships
What would the world map look like if sea levels rose 49 meters
How would a God(-like being) enforce use of a specific language?
How do the wealthy live/survive after social/economic collapse?
So we've removed human discomfort. What happens?
How would a pure fusion bomb change modern warfare
Why can't you attack while invisible?
To what extent would the world change if penis sizes of every single male became publicly known to everyone?
If we built a large moon close to Mars, could we make Mars a living world?
What would a planet be like if it had no oceans, just large lakes? Would it be habitable?
How does a crash landed generation ship's crew survive?
Making a C-4 Boomerang Practical
If a great scandal appears first in small time shady radio will it spread?
When and how would Earth's history diverge if uranium/plutonium weren't present?
How would the world change if mind switching became possible?
How could a smaller country successfully take control of a much larger country?
Could thermal suppression metamaterials be used to create stealth in space?
How can we prevent the Media Bias?
Reasonable starting population?
Are endothermic bombs possible?
How do dragons not burn themselves?
Is a single super-intelligence objectively better than a collection of many intelligent beings
Metropolitan Mollusks and Seagrass Serengetis
A world with a special political system
Inducing cancer to enemy politicians, spies, world-leaders
How could human emotions directly affect the physical world, its stability, and its weather?
Could a planet have a longer than Earth year and be habitable?
Breeding smaller humans
Assuming there was a spaceship that could counter-act the effects of falling into a black hole, could a human observe the hole dissipating?
Anomalies/"impossible" events: what factors would make them more (or less) credible?
What type of architecture would an arachnid /crustacean likely to have? [SCULPTING FINISHED]
Fires in the ventilation shafts of a Dwarven city?
A legal scientific/techno hobby constitution to a need in killing
The Homeland effects of an English defeat in the Seven Years War
What is the currency in an emerging space economy?
Is space piracy orbitally practical?
Season cycle that would occur on a habitable planet that orbits two suns?
How long does a component of a Dyson swarm spend in shadow?
What drug and sensory weapons can be used instead of ballistic weapons?
How well can a deaf person read lips?
Is there anything that would be similar to a safe lava Venice?
Attrahite - A metal that conducts gravity
Let's paint the world with bacteria
Would aliens evolve a method of communication other than speaking?
Supposing gods were ubiquitous, would religion be widespread?
Intelligent alien life form that is not based from animalia taxonomy kingdom
Reproductive isolation in artificial panspermia model
In a world where magic and mages are normal. Wouldn't combat be defensive?
surgery: save mother or baby?
How to butcher your dragon?
Super-sized parabolic mirror in space: Building the Nazi Sun Gun
Naming the forces of the Purgatory?
We, the users of worldbuilding, are all gods. Can there be harmony amongst us?
100 mile high mega-tall building physically possible?
How can it be bigger on the inside
Scientists prove that the entire world is a setup for one guy's life. What are the effects?
What would be the consequences of overusing a magic system that consumes energy from human metabolism?
Does it make sense to have a type of energy generated from stars that humans could absorb for magic?
Gravity of a Super-Earth
OP Character That takes the Ideal of God & spits on it
How fast can giant underground shelters be built?
Can "photographic memory" evolve?
How can a substance that doesn't follow the laws of physics look and feel like ordinary matter?
Nano robots and unlimited energy based era of abundance, how would it change society?
What would cause a community to shun two kids
Plausible way to explain magic
How to tell if intelligent life has evolved in a Game of Life simulation?
How would water behave on a planet with no moons?
What point in a society does a royal mint become important?
What would immortality do to a society
How can a planet orbit two or more stars simultaneously?
Constantly sunlit/shadowed regions and weather
How do you keep magical creatures trapped in a closed village while allowing for expansion?
Consequences of a completely friction less surface with gravity like moon
What Disease(s) could Kill an Immortal?
Would all species on Earth go extinct if 90% of males died?
What would terrestrial animals derived from cnidarian ancestors look like?
Underwater communication on land and beyond
Gravity on a hollow non-enclosed world
Operations coded for in DNA, Reasonable?
Giant Planetary Ring Bases, are they feasible?
How would a floating island work?
The Tethys Renewed: Where Cold Meets Warm?
Preventing Blindness from Microgravity
Effects of future technology on education
How to fire your engines for a near-future trip around the solar system?
How many elves does Santa need to enslave to make toys for the kids?
A river around the earth
What is the science behind Santa's carrying bag?
Hiding or minimizing the remnants of the battle?
Seeing Using Gravitational Waves
The Fate of Coal Factories in a Life After People
Could two planets in the same solar system create intelligent life
What colour is the foliage if the sky is violet?
A (stabilized) neutronium battlecar/IFV: strategically or tactically feasible?
Is it possible for facultative symbiosis between a large non-sentient organism and a smaller sentient organism?
Limit to digestion and long term energy storage?
Accuracy of timekeeping based on the age of Earth
Why would an antigravity abyss exist in a deep cavern?
"Hardest" way to create superheroes?
If ancient creatures could access Modern Technology
The Definitive Guide on the Contents of a Human Settlement
Could graviton cushions, theoretically, be used for deceleration?
How would societies form in a newly-created world?
What choice of magic arrows would be most useful against modern military
Building a (partially) player-driven economy based on demand/supply
What would happen if two spaceships with Alcubierre warp bubbles were colliding?
What kind of supernatural powers don't break the masquerade?
What kind of weapons would still be effective under water?
How to Visualize a Wormhole Somewhat Accurately?
How (if at all) would being able to speak and listen simultaneously alter the structure and development of language?
How do you make a somatic mutation spread across all cells?
Inducing Ignorance in the Brain
Would a grenade that discharge lightning bolts be viable in modern warfare?
Are there any big cats that can survive in a primarily desert area?
Would England of the 14th Century be capable of producing revolver bullets
Need a way for Earth not to detect an extrasolar civilization that has radio
Where can I find formulas or calculators for apparent moon sizes?
Reasonable way to determine orbital parameters in an unknows stellar system
Who is spreading the rumour that Santa isn't real?
Viability of domed cities on a planet with extreme temperature ranges
What do you do with all the bodies?
How good would ice weapons be?
Would Earth's extraterrestrial colonies have a higher average intelligence?
Person that is desynchronised from others in regard to experiencing present
How might a modern culture wanting to avoid excess trash deal with individually wrapped servings?
What interaction is possible for multiple species of human like intelligence that live on the same planet?
Guns vs. Moon Dust
What's the easiest way to locate resource deposits on a new planet?
How to defeat an enemy that feeds off energy
How could I have modern computers without GUIs?
Many eyes or fewer?
Let's say it was possible. So how might one explain magic using dark matter and dark energy?
Will majority of population dismiss a video of fight between two supernatural beings?
Disease that requires regular medicine
Could a microorganism possess intelligence?
Magically Heat-Glassing an Entire Desert
How many computers in my spacecraft?
Exploration team design
How I figure Earth's state in a distant, but not absurdly distant future?
How does privacy work if govt can access every camera throughout the city?
Why are there no toilets on the starship 'Exciting Undertaking'?
How much space is needed to feed 30,000 people?
Greatest possible genetic difference between a male and female of the same species?
What are possible ways to hack a telepathic transmission or communication?
How would a Venusian day/night cycle (one Venus day is ca.117 earth days) affect an otherwise earth-like world?
Most useful knowledge from the 30's to understand current state of computers & networking?
English Medieval town layout
Shift to a shared economy
Can an entire ecosystem be one giant organism with distributed intelligence?
How can I corrupt a country's capital city so as to give a small group power while keeping the illusion of a democratic republic?
Trade between humans and underwater fish people
Latest Nazi Germany could reach peace agreement; maintain largest empire
Astronaut magnetic "gravity" injections
How would a realistic universal translator work?
Making the cultural culinary feel correct
How might the actions of descendants matter for their ancestors? (reverse causality)
Could moon landing works with vacuum tube technology alone?
What combination of Magical creatures would be most effective in a guerilla war with a nation that has modern weapons and air force?
Life from a dead space whale
Adding mass to light (In laser weaponry) to convert it to kinetic energy
Is there a realistic path from antibiotic resistance to pandemic?
Most Likely Natural Capabilities of Space Sea Creatures
Could an omniscient creature replace judges in trials?
How long would it take for society to forget a language if a new one is enforced upon it?
Making a Planet Seem Uninhabitable
Could a sedentary civilization prosper without agriculture?
Flora and fauna of a tidally locked planet
Prester John, Lord of Australia. How would he treat to the aboriginals?
Could mollusks become extremely large?
Natural subterranean cave formations on Mars
Alien number systems - Is the decimal system special?
Standardized measurement for trade between world with different gravity?
What is the smallest change I can make to history to allow the French Empire not to fall?
A Blue, Drenched Mars
How would a fantasy airship operate?
Powering the interplanetary trade ships of the 23rd-24th century
Planetary crash scenario
Cyberpunk dystopia mixed with Roaring Twenties
Which gas giant of the solar system could humanity mine and for what resource?
Is it possible for wizard to become bishop?
What is the feasibility of a floating city on Venus?
Implementing genetic-level transformation - mechanics
How to let people know you are stranded in time?
How can I prevent Kessler Syndrome among space stations?
A pill to enable super/psychic powers?
Counter-attacks on a creature
What is the color of Venusian sky 50km from surface
Does precognition make (structured) learning obsolete?
How should a country introduce a constructed language as the official language?
Government: How to resist boycotts?
What American animals would have been domesticated had they not gone extinct?
How do you prevent causal loops from happening with the Novikov self-consistency principle?
If all zoo animals were set free, which ones could adapt
Could this global, peaceful hyperpower of a nation exist?
What would be the change if people had more empathy to each other?
Dropping ice in the ocean to stop global warming
What happens when we travel into the past?
How exactly will humanity leave Earth?
Giving a Planet Sunburn
Need Help Determining a realistic Population of an isolated Civilization
How to justify the presence of angels on earth when god doesn't pass judgement until after death
What might be the best time or place to return to Earth?
How would Newton's Laws and the rest of physics be changed on a non-inertial frame?
Single biome (hot) desert planet, possible?
How closely should be placed industrial centre / NIMBY from urban centre?
"Globe to draw on" software?
Can we identify distinct "colors" beyond visible light?
How to make interplanetary communication infrastructure for aliens of Earth without knowledge of humans?
The 3% long term consequences
How should schemers educate their children?
What characteristics of born-in-space humans could be interesting for a space program?
What advantages are there to living in an urban monad?
Why would a fire dragon still be afraid of torches?
Dragon's Blood - If it was a realistic animal what would be the color of its blood?
What types of technology would a sentient species without eyes develop to enable them to explore space?
How fast can heat be carried away from a small source?
How long would it take for someone to forget the most important things in their life?
How Do I Supplement Oxygen Intake?
Slum City: What Causes Drug Addiction and Drug Cartels
Simulated beings / VR world ethics. Is living in suffering worth living?
How do you pronounce Micropterus?
Would agriculture cease to exist after the proliferation of replicators?
How long would it take to conquer a continent the size of Africa?
What does a person in a light-bending invisibility cloak look like from behind?
How to make classified document (hard copy as well) impossible to be teleported to another location?
How would psychics employed by Customs or the Coast Guard use their abilities?
Let's evolve whales and dolphins back onto land
How to make Napoleon attack Ottoman empire instead of Russia?
Ferrying an island with mortals on top. Is it possible without killing them?
What material could be used for circuitry used for interstellar flight?
How much energy does it take to fuse 1m$^3$ of seawater, and how much energy is released by that fusion?
How many Gs would you experience at the sun's core
Alternative to writing for creatures without eyesight?
Humans as a power source
Creature design: Is beauty exclusive to humanoid things?
Could elephants evolve into living railguns?
How do lever controlled mechanic structures in dungeons work and how feasible they are?
If everyone looked the same, what is your identity?
Night vision and TV screens
How to be hidden from world for a year
Psychological causes for insomnia
Simple non destructive spaceship liftoff engine
Is a 3-D printed silencer feasible?
Which inorganic tool can never work when 3D printed?
What could make a star green?
What would limit the size of a sail-powered sea cargo ship using modern (or near future) technologies, and how big could we go?
Diddling an alien, is it even possible?
Sacrifing a province to let frustrated/utopian/uniformed citizens to test their brilliant ideas
How do you transport a locomotive without tracks?
How big would a balloon have to be for the shockwave to kill you?
Plausible Original Concept For High-Fidelity Apocalypse?
How to incarcerate an elemental shape shifter?
The government builds an Ark before an apocalypse — how does it get people to come?
Biological Flight With Lighter-Than-Air Gasses
Socialist country with good economy?
How long would human immunity last in space?
Flight at supersonic speeds without an airplane
Making a skin suit from scratch
An animal army for world domination
Would policemen still be around if one must have their limbic system partially removed?
Would civilization collapse if everyone becomes invisible and mute overnight?
How big could a Mecha be?
Youngest age of political prodigy?
Running a successful Prison complex for Wizards
What negative effects would scientists check for to see if a given technology or location is safe?
What would be the ethics of using test animals in a world where there are spells to speak to animals?
Deepwater Horizon cap is demolished--Apocolypse now?
Ugh, I'm stuck in an orbital spaceport. But why?
How many simultaineous oil drilling rig explosions needed for apocolypse?
In a hypothetical 'Snuff film' gameshow with roles, skills, a mastermind, etc., what would good win conditions be?
Does military conflict between commercial companies make sense?
How can Takeda Katsuyoui win the Battle of Nagashino?
Should I use base-10 or base-12 numbers in my story?
Can harmful mirrored pairs of substances cause damage to humans?
Can the laws of physics be changed to inhibit chemistry but permit technology?
Is an artificial gravity room on a modern spacecraft or space station feasible?
How would gravity work in this alternate universe?
Would a post-humanity sapient species remember humanity?
Democratic municipal government in autocracy?
Nuking all the ice
Do self-driving cars make more people move to the city?
When creating a human-like cyborg, what 'hardware' and 'software' are critical for survival?
Missile from above
Turning Good and Evil on its head, is it possible in this scenario/ mytholgy?
How to explain how multiple religious beliefs systems could be true
Would quantum computer be considered an intelligent lifeform if its decision making algorithm is as unpredictable as a human?
Is it possible to synthesize a nutritional food source entirely from electricity to replace land based agriculture?
What could make a star violet?
How do we get efficient food production in a post-oil (hydrocarbon) society using as little space as possible?
How to hide the fact of a global hibernation from the world after everyone wakes up?
Where can I transform without being noticed?
How disarmed does a nuclear bomb get by shooting it?
Transform an island to a large scale prison
Could over-colonization throw our moon out of orbit?
Completely antiviral resistant, possible?
What impact is required for a visible (from Earth) ejecta plume on Earth's Moon, and would the Moon survive?
Dragon script/writing system -- how would it work?
What would make scientists realize that they are on a toroidal world?
How many people would survive the nuclear winter after a full-scale nuclear war, and where?
What Would Happen If A Bacterium Hijacked Human Gender Determination?
How to prevent medieval houses from being destroyed by dragons' dropping?
How would a group of survivors with a rebel criminal get along stranded on an alien planet?
Why did dragons evolve to be smart?
What if aliens invading Earth turned out to be invisible?
Would smaller parties thrive under my voting system?
Do the moons of Mars have enough gravity to colonize?
How to punish elected politicians in a more effective way?
What would it be like to live on a rapidly rotating planet?
What would be the psychological consequences of clones being synchronized on a regular basis?
What is the botanic equivalent to eyes
Can we reverse the effects of Global Warming?
How can it be (logically) possible to bump speed by a "quantum" leap?
How does a female-to-male adaptor impregnate?
Making physical gunners preferred in space combat
Resources to possess, and restrict in asteroid belt
How would a hollow, layered lattice planet work?
What is the smallest planetary mass that can prevent 'me' from flying off into space?
How to make a fortress that can withstand Elemental benders
Is it possible to build a bridge between planets?
What could a dragon tooth be made of to tear through tank plating made using reinforced depleted uranium?
What would be the most ideal feet design for bipedal upright walking humanoids?
If wrong deeds were visible on a person's skin, how would the world change?
Is it possible for a sentient supercomputer weapon consume humans for their flesh?
Why do we keep smoking in distant future?
What would happen if a series of shops opened that operated to keep a constant amount of items?
Are two Earth-Like planets able to be in the same system while sharing five habitable moons between them?
Why would a decision making machine decide to destroy itself?
How much would an AT-AT Imperial Walker cost?
Helping the Soviets to win the race to the moon
Why futuristic cities still keeps live pet when there are convenient realistic holograms and animatronics?
Turning the USA's Streets Into Miniature Canyons
How to colonize an inhabited alien planet?
Get the names in a modern/real world settings?
Can life arise on a brown dwarf?
How do you power a cyborg?
The Bamboo Skeleton
How many years could you trim from schooling?
Can I build on and live on an island size tortoise?
Travelling through Flexible Material?
How can a human being morph into their id side of their psyche in an instant?
Alternate history where foreseeably bankrupt Greece positions itself to sell land and revive city-states?
How to Protect Against FTL Sneak Attacks
Supersonic Zeppelin
How much time is needed before a language is no longer recognizeable?
A heavy shapeshifter in small body - where to store mass?
How to desiccate your world?
How are there so many species on the space station 'A long way from anywhere V'?
What alternatives to Phonograph could have existed?
Creating a plausible death world
Would humanoids from high gravity planets be smaller than us?
Evolving a Militarized Mechanical Ecosystem
Would it be possible for an Earth-like planet to have multiple moons with diverse biomes capable of supporting life?
Keeping the Dominion of Newfoundland independent
What is the highest pressure any life form could theoretically survive in?
Is it possible to have a civilization in the core of a planet?
Could a nuclear war cause the majority of Earth to be uninhabitable for hundreds or thousands of years?
Measures of power: Nation States
What would happen if all 433 nuclear reactors had meltdowns?
Does civilization necessarily imply structure-building?
Missouri Flood, 2011--FULL POWER
Could an alien object of significant size remain undiscovered in our solar system?
How could scents develop into a full language?
Why would the 'Church' be granted the exclusive right of producing alcohol?
Could Whales Elsewhere be Afrotheres?
Is energy manipulation the same as telekinesis
A fully diploid species where males are only conceived parthenogenically?
Why would the UN allow Machine City to exist?
The Arctic Plate
Using electricity magic for superhuman speed
How to set up an orbiting church on Mars?
What density can I set for Uium, to be reshaped by moon-mass black/white holes
What would an optimal robot look like intended to replace military infantry?
What would happen if I showed the Vikings advanced technology?
Microchip implant birth control
Why would the 'Church' take upon itself such a burden?
What mechanism would degenerate gametes of select allosome?
Civilized Dolphins and their Record Keeping
Where should a galactic capital be?
How can I keep the computers on my spaceship from temperature related death after a hull breach?
How would people living in eternal day learn that stars exist?
What change in history would I have to make to stop Christmas from happening?
Solving the vulnerabilities of a plant-based life-form's civilization: sunlight, roots, and hibernation
What would be the aftermath of a solar system war?
Would a shallow ocean planet be possible?
What kind of city would cephalopod aliens build for their gods?
Humans Achieve Massive Increase In Average IQs -- But How?
Death-Breathing Dragon
What warning labels could you see on products to be used in space?
Dragon development
How would the world change if the Byzantine Empire survived till the modern day?
Water On A World That Is Flat?
How to balance power between a secular King and a elected Theocratic Council
How to explain fire-breathing feathery dragon extreme mating behavior?
Is there a dictionary of interesting/useful worldbuilding words?
Could this work? How to? Terraformed gas-giant
How would Water and wind current work on a fantasy earth?
The Anti-Santa: Dealing with the Naughty List
Everyone has superpowers, depending on what country they are in. What is the effect?
Drug enhanced education
Should immortal people have a god?
How well would a human from 50,000 years ago adapt to modern day life?
Ramming into the sun
Bones for synthetic life
Little Green EARTH Men?
Modern day Aristotle
What are the considerations for waterproofing a building's first few floors?
Would a society of simultaneous hermaphrodites have gender roles?
A localized artificial magnetosphere for Mars
What should be adjusted for old Earth-like planet?
If Homo Sapiens Had Four Receptors
Would a New France buy Greenland?
How can a sentient supercomputer create human beings?
How could the sky be orange in a breathable atmosphere?
How do solar eclipse(s) work(s) in a binary stars system?
Would a venom vaccine work?
I want to become a living god!
Are all combinations of right-handed and left-handed amino acids and sugars equally likely?
Is an interstellar clock orbitally possible?
Colony on the moon - how fast can Santa deliver?
If I have a giant structure from a satellite to another planet would the people below see it?
The Red Skin Gene
How should implanted technology be handled in prison?
They don't want a united mankind
What cultural movement(s) could cause pedophilia to be normalized in the west?
Data Storage and Access during a Slow Apocalypse
What would prey actually die from after being being swallowed whole by my fictional carnivorous species?
Could aliens colonize Earth without realizing humans are people too?
From Mushrooms To Menshrooms
What single change in history would allow to make the German city of Munich be in modern France?
Would this positron reactor work?
Is working for foreign dictator illegal?
Difficulties of transforming from mermaid to human and vice versa?
The English Longbamboo
Could large but sparsely populated country control its borders?
Why do the users of the space bridge need to walk?
Creating a lightsaber clone
How could giant intelligent creatures afford to live in a human-majority civilisation?
You are a kind hard-working robot, you were hacked into to kill an entire race, how do you react?
A form of MAD that doesn't involve a huge amount of nuclear readiness?
How does Santa deal with unbelieving parents?
How to explain polytheism and Atheism in the world Where Angels walk the earth?
Retour on Santas Presents
Matter being repelled by gravity
"Shields at 10% one more hit and..." What?
Can a planet's magnetic field be used to generate power?
Would presence of MANPADS ground the entire airline industry?
How to cushion the brain from high g-forces
Build a real life Flash - How to create the speedforce in real life?
Is my magic system unreliable enough to allow for technological advancement?
Evolution of a sexual dimorphic, pack-hunting ninetails
What is the highest pressure humans can live in in comfort?
What would be the implications of the Great Pacific War I created for the remainder of the 2020s and the next decade?
How would losing your soul translate to science?
Would Stirling engines be good in space?
How would aliens derive energy out of souls of sentient beings?
Would uncontrolled intermittent ESP be confused with schizophrenia?
What would a purely academic constructed-language be like?
What is the botanic equivalent to ears?
A random sample of the people in a country
Wall thickness depending on the building materials used
How to make an Immobility Gun
Living on an Isolated Peninsula - Armor
Humanity Without STIs
Natural hot shower
In a world with a robot police force, how will criminals adapt?
Creating an organism without evolution in a lab environment
How to force opposition to emigrate?
 How to deliver each kid a toy in this night?
How do you communicate with antimatter beings?
Non-Magic, Real-Life Faries?
Doubling the Speed of Light
What happens when my airplanes go into space?
Is there a Dyson-like megastructure that would not block out the sun?
How much force would be required for an explosion on contact?
What would you call a catalog of concepts and schema?
How would gender roles play out in an oviparous, sentient race?
Mining Suns For Terraforming?
How do I dehumanize a humanoid alien?
How many calories must Santa's Reindeer consume?
What are alternative particles to photons that would allow vision?
Would people hate characters that cheat?
How would floating point numbers be affecting space and time travel in future?
What would be some ways to store heat / cold?
A confederation of the Rhine without Napoleon
How could a sterile intelligent race form its own nation(tribe)?
Victorian Ship Weighing
Can I have a giant tortoise?
How much may gods be vicious?
How can high-tech person move to a fantasy world?
World building: Thralls, Slaves and how to keep them from running away
How long will it take for the amount of living to exceed the dead population?
Habitable space bridge?
What kinds of third-world countries would survive nuclear winter?
Monogamy vs Polygamy
How to fracture a continent
Gravity Propulsion
How short can be time between subsequent generations in a human selective breeding program?
In a parallel universe can there be non-carbon based lifeforms
How would the Death Star laser really work?
How do I create armor for a physically weak species?
World without the land-based silk route
What would be a good choice for a controlled opposition?
What are some ways that the environment might affect products being shipped in medieval times?
Very unusual approach for Alien to disarm rifle wielding human
A World Where Everyone Forgets About You
Keeping someone warm in a freezing location with medieval technology
How would childhood be affected by the fact that babies are born with the knowledge of an average adult?
How do I prevent the Soviet invasion of Manchuria?
What would happen if the Earth's orbit around the sun were faster (shorter year)?
How do I prevent flight in a cyberpunk future?
How do migratory mermaids work now?
Encryption in the 19th century
How to alter the atmosphere as to make aerospace engines highly volatile?
What is the impact on the world politics if teleportation is possible?
Building a supercomputer center under a hydroelectric plant
Is it possible for a civilisation to create a substitute for sunlight?
You eat this plant, it eats you right back. Can it work?
What chores and projects would exist around an off-the-grid house in the middle of a forest?
What is plausible biology of ocean-dwelling, tool-using, intelligent creatures?
Is there a way to buy oil from a country under embargo?
Effects of bullets firing while in a handgun's magazine
What would a planet be like with a Blue Sun?
Foot highways as a startup?
How does distributed intelligence impact conscious qualia?
Getting to Cyberpunk Corporate Nation-States
Could human beings evolve to have longer gestation periods? If so, how could this be done?
Need help figuring acceleration out of a gravity well
What benefits and drawbacks would forging a blade with a single mighty blow yield over traditional manual hammer-forging?
Slum City: A Successful War on Drugs
Advanced civilization in high oxygen atmosphere
A culture of lies
What would be a good reason for a group of advanced soldiers not to clear a building from the top down?
What conditions would an A-type star need to have a blue color?
Is a sword that deflects bullets feasible?
Is there any concrete benefit in justifying all supernatural phenomena with one system?
Could such a curse render all money worthless?
A vast sea containing large air pockets that form into rings around the world: will this make sense?
How to explain Earth-like gravity in small asteroids?
Why does my species tock like it ticks?
What major event could disrupt planet Earth's orbit around the Sun?
How expressive is a color-based language?
Plants under different sunlight
What could fill the crocodilian niche in colder climes?
Caste system by natural selection
I'm building a fantasy world like Earth but it has two moons adjacent to each other in a co-orbital configuration and need help
What Planetary resources would be most valuable for a Space Exploration world?
How would first contact be with "post-organic" aliens?
What is the most plausible ancestor for tool-using, sentient, bipedal reptilians?
What are the hippos of the Americas?
Change climate by moving orbit
How to prevent time travelers from developing god complex?
Four Color Receptors and One Mirror--A Good Mix?
What plausible things might happen in a *mildly* negative-entropic environment?
How to verify correctness of a galaxy map?
Would dragons be less popular if their skeletons were as frequent as skeletons of dinosaurs?
How to improve the public image of a junta?
How can I communicate with a collective consciousness?
Human power plant
Alternative to cryogenic sleep / deep hibernation?
How to communicate when humanity is deaf and dumb?
Xenobiology of Halo's "Flood"
How could a cold weather creature survive in a hot climate?
Cyanoglobin plausible?
What formations would stellar capital ships use?
What would be the immediate climatic effects of having a continent appear out of nowhere?
Using Gravity to fuel magic
In the face of global vehicle and electronic failures, who would get the food and good farming land?
Does anyone know of a poison that can be ingested and is undetectable in autopsy?
Establish common language with Chalcolithic group (Modern man vs copper age group)
Extremely compact nuclear reactor?
How long can the genome of an organism be without requiring cellular accommodation?
A World Without Bugs
How can a person's ability to contribute to a Merit based society be measured?
How do I explain checkpoints without magic?
How to get two culturally and ideologically similar Martian colonies on good terms and with adequate resources to go to war?
How long could an operational Virginia-class sub survive in the Jurassic sea?
How was the Helium Density Crisis of 2017 resolved?
How strong are these dinosaurs?
Can you build an interferometer between the stars?
How might I overcome settling air in a superdeep tunnel?
Technology to create energy for a village of 200 people long term
If Eagles Did Not Exist, Could Falcons Evolve Into Their Niche?
Can gold destroy the economy?
Starship(s) for a doomed Earth - which nations would band together for the funding?
If aliens want to destroy all the humans on earth , will they kill us in a single shot?
Do space androids make big impact craters?
What is the ideal location to hide the President in the case of a zombie apocalypse?
How do you communicate with dark matter beings?
How will the first New Martians evolve?
A second 30 years war
Beak to teeth reverse evolution - how would the transitional forms be?
Religion and its place in outer space?
Xenobiology of extraterrestrial parasitic superorganism
How could a server explode?
What if y2k was possible?
What changes would be needed to make explosive powered internal combustion engine common?
Can a stone age civilization possible defend against colonial Europe?
What if WorldBuilding is a website to harvest people, answers, ideas and technology?
Why is a song more famous than a band?
If Our Horses Came From the OTHER Subspecies
How could an island surrounded by scalding steams be accessible in medieval age?
How quickly will government realize that I am printing money?
Public Order/Control in a perpetually Sea-faring people: Preventing Revolt/Take Over
How long would it take until we realise that people stopped dying from natural causes?
What are political and religious consequences of the end of dying?
What animal would men ride, if such animal was the same size as a horse
Utilizing government debt to manipulate the government
How to change the brittleness and hardness of glass
Would a suit that acts as extra-cardiovascular system allow you to run indefinitely?
Does it makes sense to build a "space tower" in Indonesia and Brazil?
What would it take for Jane Doe to craft a book from scratch?
Can Two Earth-like planets exist next to each other and share atmosphere?
Physically, how do dragons grasp and *transport* the contents of their hoards?
Could US president start and expect to survive a global nuclear war?
What would the sky look like in the SHADOW of planetary rings?
Who would win a fight pegasus v. centaur v. unicorn?
How far back in time can I go before people stop accepting my money from the future?
What issues would an AI asteroid mining stations have to be prepared for?
Telepath wants to steal money morally
Would it be possible to create "Hard Light" out of photons and similar particles?
Does knowing a technology exists make it develop faster?
Could Higgs Bosons (Higgs Field) be used to increase the mass of photons?
How does the “space drive” conserve momentum?
How to run for president of the United States with time machine?
Precious Gemstones or Crystals for eyes
Why would two species of predator with the same prey cooperate?
Industrious uses for a perpetually strong-flowing magically circular river
How can a mage threaten an equally strong mage?
How can living plants be used militaristically?
How should Bob make a major world religion?
Due to a series of unrelated events Cocaine has been legalized. How does this affect society?
I have a program that hacks the banks and put money in my bank account. Can- and will- I get caught?
Is it possible to have a volcanic planet that is survivable by a human?
So, you want a pancake for a planet?
How would society react if only Black people could develop superpowers?
What if the top 1% wealthiest people (Defined by net worth and value of all Items owned) suddenly vanished?
Is planetary chemistry relative to distance from the sun?
If the rain all fell at once, how would Earth be different?
How realistic are explosive collars?
Minimum radius for a rotating wheel space station to feel flat
Ultimate Australian Canal
Why would your stasis pods participate in your grid computing network?
What would cause the land to "rise" in a future, post-apocalyptic world?
How to cover up stolen technology
How realistic is the sun screen communication tactic in the Dark Forest, Three Body Problem?
WIll we use crappy design like R2 units in Star Wars for our factory droids?
Preventing a single point of failure in a Utopian self-sustaining ecosystem
Powering nanobot with neurotransmitters
Could an orbital photoelectric generator work?
Can magician apprentice know what his master is writing just by hearing it?
How would a device that can send text messages into the past function?
How to get booze to Mars?
A Freshwater Octopus?
What are the consequences of a looping 3-dimensional space?
How would comercially available Fetch Modi/Sylladexes affect the economy AND the storage of items
Due to a series of random events Insider Trading has been legalized, How is the Worldwide economy affected?
World with 3 moons
genetically engineered humans breathe underwater at extreme depths
What could humanity do to survive airborn transmitted HIV for as long as possible?
If vikings had settled in Newfoundland, how fast would technology travel?
How to decide/determine what kind/genre of world one should build?
What would people try to hide (and how) if what they see can be perceived telepathically by anyone else?
Dealing with Aboriginals
How to scientifically explain the concept of "Saving" and "Loading"?
Taxless government?
Could nuking the poles of exoplanets or planets in the solar system be an effective method of terraforming them?
Creating artificial mitochondria to power nanobots
What would the world look like through the eyes of a superspeed superhero?
Infinite office building with main character trying to understand it
Why leave magical runes exposed?
Can time travel make us rich through trading, and is this a problem?
Is there a reason why similar or the same musical instruments would develop?
How do I stop a more powerful and advanced society from enveloping others?
City on a Cloud - how to build an effective water supply?
Life on planets near quasars
An Alternate History Where Genghis Khan Fathered China From Scratch
Pegging currency to agrarian produce
Encryption - How to claim authorship anonymously?
Would it be possible for Mercury sized planets in the habitable zone to develop intelligent life?
How big would a fusion reactor need to be to produce a constant triple digit terawattage?
EKG, worried about merging
How would society react to a virus that makes you ugly?
Sunlight and Vampires
how to scientifically explain this fictional type of matter?
Government is for the birds
Anatomically Correct Slimes
A gas lighter than air allowing for easier humanoid flight
Side effects of a time altering device
A visual perception of time
What series of events could lead to the collapse of society and the rise of gangs?
What could the government be hiding?
How long could 2 people breathe only each-other's air?
How many types of planets are there, and how they be created?
Eternal Bear market: Causes and consequences
How to explain extreme human dimorphism?
Archeological evidence of nuclear warfare
What skills does a spy need?
Could The Spartan Discipline Work on Larger Nations?
Figuring out how a smart device works
Could we still plunge modern civilization into another black death?
Personifying the 7 Deadly Sins as Demons through Human Body Parts
What off-Earth colony would be easiest to build?
What can a great animal (Hyppogriff, Gryphon, etc.) learn from an elf?
Ejectable heat sinks for spaceships?
Pop goes the planets!
Trade - What does the devil want from us?
Plausible Human extinction
What factors influence a moon's reflectiveness?
Water supply in medieval realm
How to test a time machine?
Effects of inertia dampener technology
Could a wizard create a nuclear explosion without building a bomb?
Building a bridge from one side
Alien "rabbit ears"
When all extroverts are gone
Sensor effectivenes during reentry
How long is the subjective experience of eternity?
If a planet receives only 7.5 hours of daylight in its 30 hours cycle, how will be the conditions on it?
Experiencing time more slowly
Planet Vanishes - How does this affect the orbiting starships?
Designing an emergency protocol
Can a habitable planet exist into a stable three body orbit system of suns?
Vibroblade Combat Feasability
Where are the tourists from the future?
What is a realistic growth rate for a space colony?
Rambo style compound bows, feasible with renaissance tech-level?
Would it be realistic to store energy using gravity by elevating buildings?
Travel time in Medieval times
How fast can a flood realistically occur (perhaps factoring in climate change)?
Gender ratio in a three gender system
Realistic Airships
What makes Earth's atmosphere breathable and other planets not?
What are the most critical autonomic processes?
A tale of two planets : Militarised farmers and industrialised scientists in dead lock
From City-States to Kingdoms to Empires: Where are the lines
Could a world nation use organized, bounded war as a way to keep the soldiers trained?
What materials would we gather first to build and sustain a space colony?
Reasons to colonize planets of another solar system?
Moderate Capitalism Idea
Can I kill a cyborg with magnetism?
Why would a scientifically advanced future community believe in multiple gods?
Problems a Ship May Experience While Attenpting to Survive the Big Bang
Hiding a weapon in a soon-hostile city
What would the signs of the Sun undergoing a supernova be?
Master Liars in a Culture of lies
The viability of scientific necromancers in modern warfare
The Western Birds--Ideal Substitutes to the Penguins?
Speeding up the rebuild of ozone layer
What would be required to create a technology/system to replace agriculture?
Life on surrogates
A bit more effective force field
What happens to time orphans in mutable history on further time travel?
Encountering the Accountants : Spreading Numeracy in the Neolithic World
Cybernetic Nucleic Acid
Could "soylent" or "body fuel" be mass produced cheaply without the reliance on agriculture?
What are the main problems with beaming light from the Sun to Saturn?
How would artificial wombs change the labour market?
Would a civilisation be better without nationalities?
Building a Syringe Gun
No formula, what to do?
Why won't police help?
Aristotelian physics
How to create a deadly "memetic virus"
Sea Travel Variables
Why would any interstellar starship still bother with streamline body design?
Would a trench filled with mercury stop zombies in their tracks?
How can we 'fill-up' a 4D space with 3D matter?
How would an 'enlightened' middle ages work?
How would an advanced civilization have constant communication between planets?
Why doesn't the verified existence of heaven change characters' attitude toward death?
What is stopping people getting dizzy on board the generation ship 'Spinny McSpinface'?
pet food for humans
KVLY-TV: Nepalese Edition
Technology in a world where humans saw UV
What would happen and stop me from using smaller beings?
Castle Moat Full of Zombies
Thicker Ozone=Colder Earth?
How quickly do gecko skins deteriorate?
How to introduce Artifical Humans into American society without causing the end of the world. How to do it?
How can cloning technοlogy result in the disappearance of male humans?
How much would it cost to build an orbiting "Princess"?
Do children have to pay for their parents’ crimes?
Besides money, what could motivate another civilization?
Increasing the density of the human body
Realistic Space Travel Situation?
Can gas giants be turned into solids?
Will modern grenade explode if it strapped into a remote detonated explosive of same size or larger?
Name of people inhabiting the Kingdom of Bonfrith?
How can humans win in a Matrix-style war against sentient machines?
Would "magic" still be called "magic" in a modern era?
What will the effects be of a major water reservoir collapse?
How can a ninetails shape-shift in a more natural illusionary way without magic or supernatural stuff?
Are oligosynthetic languages feasible?
Staggering "Now" Among Many World Multiverses?
Possible Side Effects of Resurrection on Skeletal Structure
Theoretical Model for Cycling Universe / Big Crunch
Modern polytheism, who are the new gods?
Generate gravity in starship without rotation
What is the best place I could start an outbreak at?
Is it possible for a sustained Jovian-based ecology to exist?
What would powers based on the four fundamental forces look like?
How would a four or five winged creature, such as a microraptor, fly?
Mountaintop sea - Characteristics regarding tides, outflow and microclimate
The Pie Chart of Life on an Alternate Earth
Is it possible to make a vacuum-proof rolling door?
What would the composition of an "indestructible" material be?
How can I fund the SNECMA?
How could I make something "immune" to nanotechnological disassembly?
What is the minimum number of people you need to have a diverse enough gene pool to last about 2 centuries?
How could I scientifically explain a Vibranium-esque material?
Magical Talent: Genes vs. Enviroment
How does a self-cleaning kitchen put away the dishes?
How would an economic collapse affect the people?
How powerful would the church become if demons regularly visited Earth?
Dangers of radiation to space stations around flare stars
A weapon-of-choice for a Chinese marksman
Is it possible to make an alloy that melts at low temperatures and solidifies at high temperatures?
8 seasons instead of 4, why?
Could a large gas planet have liquid rings that are dense enough to have watercraft in them?
How could humans survive 9 month winters in the classical Roman era?
At what stage would we have detected sentient/intelligent life on the moon?
Basin on a mountaintop plateau - how to keep the water salty?
What event would kill most of the worlds population at the SURFACE, but spare everyone at the altitude of a commercial jetliner?
The role of anthropomorphic foxes in a medieval army
What is the best way to introduce Superpowers into a world that previously never had them... WITHOUT destabilizing society
A Cargo Ship Big as a Star Destroyer
Could humanity survive in a closed box?
How would pixie to human two way communication work?
How can you destroy a small device inside another person's head?
Why design the reincarnated HMS Hood to be able to fly?
Sonic boom pistol. How much damage does it do?
What would be required for a large mammal to realistically throw its own kind a significant distance?
A planet rotating twice per second; what mass is needed to hold it together, and how oblate would it be?
Microphone implanted in and powered by the body
How to create traps that only kill someone if they try to help another and aren't obviously the work of a seriel killer?
what would the scientific name of an angel like creature be?
What would be needed to travel through sand?
Would descendants of Earth people stranded on another planet eventually forget about Earth?
How could you scientifically explain a Mage's ability to absorb energy from the environment in order to aid in casting spells?
Token based voting system
What if the Trinity test had ignited the atmosphere? Could we survive?
How to make a planet with differential gravity and constant daylight
How can I create a stationary planet?
How much energy would be in this system?
How could scaled armourish costume hold together
What would be the consequence for the Earth if the moon's orientation was flipped?
A World without Sexual Desire
Volcanic winter related to moons?
How much computer memory is needed to store a physical profile of all living people?
Anthro Animals to Scale
World governments shutting down their nuclear power plants after Chernobyl?
Surveillance: Big Brother Is Watching
Could an entire continent runs on a single fusion reactor plant by 2100?
Could a creature harden its natural hide plates with metals it consumed?
An anti matter planet behaving like a star
Why would a God of Murder be worshipped by a society?
What advantage would a species gain from birthing a child larger than itself?
What kind of spells would magicians cast in combat if the fuel to magic is very expensive
In what ways could a traitor help the attacking forces overcome a siege?
What would it take for a continent to be covered in cyclical darkness?
Merging helmet and skin
How long can Apple say "the thinnest iPhone ever"?
How would an atmosphere of 30% oxygen affect a planet's inhabitants?
Could there be more than two poles on Earth?
Robot made of goop in a bag
Large country-sized landmass transmutation
Basic Biology of a Race of Rock People
What would be the fastest way for a wizard to kill a knight or vice versa?
How should I approach building on/reimagine a pre-existing work?
What are the skills, disciplines and professions required to preserve a few human survivors in a global catastrophe?
Magical Forest Extends Lifespan and Magic Talent But Fades
Would trained, obedient dragons fare better in a battle against the wild ones?
How can 2 knights kill 2 wizards quickly and efficiently?
If a group of wizards is stranded on a small jungle island with deadly tigers, how can they survive a month?
Assassinate a semi-omniscient crime lord
Micro Marines : Arming the Miniature Army
Can cancer be transplanted into a human and still be viable?
What kind of art (if any) would be possible in a world without imagination?
What is the botanic equivalent of the digestive system
How to delay agriculture to allow for additional evolution?
How can I explain English existing in a fantasy world?
Plants channeling light into their roots?
An O'Neil cylinder vs. A cylinder with vertical layers
What distinction could there be between space torpedoes and space missiles?
How to determine GDP of a fictional a society in the past?
Would spacecraft 's trafficators be necessary?
How realistic could creating fake bruises be?
If a new nation on an artificial island was founded, what kinds of names might it be given?
What do I do to make green blood?
How could stress possibly increase in a food-gathering population
Building capabilities of a realistic nanobot swarm
Developing a Post-Scarcity Economy/Society in a Simulated Universe
How long would it take to transform a human into a space-ship and back?
Is it plausible that a country developed steam engines before gunpowder?
How to protect a settlement on Mercury from solar flares and coronal mass ejections?
Could separate countries exist in a post-Earth colonial space world?
A Demon granted me the power to make my sport team ALWAYS win as long as I am in the team
Effect of rapid healing on the body?
Evolutionary differences betweeen space-dwelling and planet-dwelling humans?
What natural animal could represent a goddess of Chaos and Entropy
D&D Campaign - Closing off a Mountain Pass with Explosives
What volcanic gases & factors, isolated in pockets/caves under an oceanic crust, could create odd ecosystems and new extremophiles?
How would a war over a mountain work?
Hollow Earth, or mile deep network of caves/tunnels
Could Carbon Nanotubes Be Realized Earlier?
What color dyes would be available to the average person in a medieval world?
Moon/Mars colony cut off from Earth and evolve different life forms
How would a world with drifting land-masses be mapped/charted for navigation?
How can I explain distinct conlang evolution without using isolation?
How would the governments of Earth in 1975 react in the months prior to the creation of my fictional military organisation?
What are the Optimal Projects to Take Advantage of a Pocket Dimension with Variable Time?
Mosquito protection for an ancient rainforest civilization?
For fiction purposes, are there any reserved or non-existent top-level-domains writers can use in stories?
Can evolution happen in one single individual?
Instant army with nanites
"Alien" superintelligence learning human languages
What would be a super fuel for methanol fuel dominating setting?
How to create a glove that sparks fire when making contact with human skin?
Is it feasible for an organism to feed off cosmic radiation?
What are some alternative methods of perception on 'dark' worlds?
Restarting civilisation
Evolution of technology in an underground civilisation?
18th century zombie scientists
Could Carbon Nanotubes Even Be Used for Metalwork?
How did the slave chance upon the artifact?
How would a modern city defend against dragons which glow in X-ray and emit electromagnetic pulses?
How would it affect a human to suddenly hear like a cat?
The Bamboo Rainforest
If natural diamond was large and abundant how would it change the world?
Cold War: Behind Enemy Lines
Naturally-ocurring Airborne Floating Islands - is it possible?
How could a 4D organism influence events in our world
How small can a landmass be before insular dwarfism kicks in?
How far could a maglev elevator travel in two hours?
How would a society with both Brave New World and Nineteen Eighty-four themes tie together?
Can the AI use nanites to create robotic arms and manipulate matter to open and close doors?
Could nanites give us superhuman strength?
Various types of weapons and their strengths/weakness in space combat
What would be the "scientific" explanation for having memories from a parallel universe?
What universal factors could alter a human DNA?
Plausible explanation of Psychometry
Most effective environment for coboglobin
For how long would electricity and internet be avaliable if all but one human on Earth were gone?
I have an FTL missile and it is causing paradoxes I don't want in my universe, what do I do?
Avoiding Medieval Fantasy Tropes
Can a fully automatic weapon be built in the medieval era?
What events for the Reconstituted Dragon ‘Olympics’ can best avoid civil war?
Everything Joe says will become true. Can anybody notice?
Can there be a planet with no dust?
Cyber- and Steampunk--How To Make Them Real
A planet inside out
How can we generate energy by using a planet and its satellite
Cannibalism - does eating other sentient creatures make you a cannibal?
Moral implications or ethics violated of eating other Sentient races in a fantasy world
Cartoon vs Real Life Bores?---(Pointy vs Flat kind)
How to prevent Sanderson's laws from turning technology into a deus ex machina?
If parents can choose the sex of their children, will the species go extinct?
How can you possibly stop a person who can reload life?
Enola Gay's Bad Day
Using EM noise + computers to simulate sound in the cockpit
How to build a floating farm?
Minimum tech level needed for a flying vehicle
How to humanely primitivize Earth?
How many parts of speech are there, really?
How does vampire-dad keep the masquerade to his daughter
Time duration for development of different physical attributes
How to make a viable flying mount?
How do you work out the history of your races, classes, characters? How much amount of time do you need for it?
How to conceal your destination in space?
Space Farms: algae vs plants for food/oxygen?
Making the entire inner solar system have a breathable atmosphere?
Is there a name for engines used in space vs those used in an atmosphere?
Apocalypse shelter with date jumping around
How small can a sentient humanoid get
Do I need permission to use a species of creature from a story and add it to my own?
How effective is magically inflamed food in a fight against medieval guards?
How could a dark-skinned race develop light eyes?
What's the heaviest and most resistant metal for an armor?
Why not make synthetic beings?
Would a guild of psychologically screened dispute negotiators and leaders work?
Sensible regulations on sentient AI with citizenship rights
How would society react to mutant zombies?
Will we transcend language and words in the future?
Panning for Gold
How would a primitive society react to a cataclysmic event that disproves their beliefs?
Impact of humanoid animals who can grow fur/hair very quickly and use it as a weapon?
Antimatter weaponry issues
How can vampire-dad be popular when he has to stay inside during the day?
What would wind currents and water cycle look like on a tidally locked planet?
How can a Billionaire Stop Elite Special Force
How does one program an AI?
How to explain "antimagic" in a setting where physics is magic?
What is the Minimum Ozone levels to sustain human civilization on an Earth-like planet?
Designing Hacking Arrows
How can a flat sheet of cells develop complexity and even intelligence?
What are some of the best ways to go off the grid and disappear in modern times if one were a fugitive?
How does society react to the discovery of widespread hidden AIs?
How to power thin contact lenses that let us browse the internet?
Could internet cookies turn into malicious A.I. that could launch nuclear missiles?
Designing planet with observable "ring eclipse"
Plausible way to make a planet spin faster
How diverse could humans become from living on different planets?
Shattering The World- Energy Output?
What is the highest concentration of oxygen a human being can reasonably survive?
What would the neighbours see?
How do you defeat a time-stopping Dark Lord?
What sensory mechanism allows a person to "see" based on the different density levels of physical matter?
Truly alien methods of reproduction?
How sophisticated could an illiterate society become?
We're up to our ears in after-lives. What about a before-life?
How would we maintain an unbroken line of communication with a moon base?
Can humans stop the Big Crunch?
Is it possible that technologically-capable, spacefaring species would depend on a single source of food?
Reprogramming yourself
Is there any way we could "see" smells?
Constructing space-crafts without the use of electricity
What would the benefits be of having extra brains in your arms?
How does a community of a Universe Simulator have the same language as its creator?
How could a weaponized gene therapy evade detection?
Asteroid-Merging vs. Dwarf-Planet-Merging: What's the Difference?
Plausible hard science explanations to seemingly FTL communication
Time travel only possible when we go behond light's speed
Ideal torture machine: The Anatomizer
Generation ships: Over coming agoraphobia when you land
Moving asteroids into a planet's orbit to increase rotation to produce a magnetic field
How to defeat a villain who can predict the next day?
How much would a universal pageant representing the elements of nature cost?
Could a steam engine be built in ancient greece?
What would a civilization living in a cold, permanently snowy climate eat?
Most effective method of creating fear?
Reasons a future branch of Islam would be against AI?
Species on a planet scale
Immortals vs the Gateway to Hell
How could immortal children age faster than immortal adults?
Could the biological capability to control their reproductive process justify a matriarchal society forming?
Practicality of a thorium-powered, superheated-steam car?
Setting the scene - Alien Mineral, Mass Infertility
How to maintain power in a world where magic is slow?
Why can vampires only drink human blood?
Human evolution on Exoplanet
Do all devices go out at the same time in an EMP attack?
Killing a mind controller
Can jets from rotating astronomical bodies be used for relativistic acceleration?
Why would a colony need to relocate?
What would it take for the United States culture to revert to the 50s?
What kind of apocalypse could reset the world to middle age technology?
How can I convince the internet that my magic is real?
How can I convince the Internet public at large that I am from the future?
If Earth mass is doubled, what is the change of earth's orbit
(How) can I provide reliable water sources in a world of flying islands?
Vampires are real. How to stop everybody from freaking out?
How could there be a horizon on a flat earth?
How would digestion work for an alien species with a diet of minerals?
How can I provide reasons for racism?
Could the Molded from Resident Evil 7 exist in real life?
Anti-concussion brain gear?
Can entirely physical digestion happen?
Without modeling an entire starfield how would I go about making constellations for my world?
What safeguards should be employed on AI to prevent human demise?
Could Herons Be Related to Ducks Elsewhere?
Could all of a planet's surface be wetlands?
Unlimited Stellar Fusion Thought Experiment
Monster hunting - How to preserve the innards, skin, parts and flesh of a dragon and other magical monsters
Why are alien buildings/ships unusual looking?
Energy Transfer Through Space Without Adverse Affects
Present discrimination vs future discrimination
Could Bamboos Evolve Into Trees In the Past?
Is there a method of generating a simulated region of a world with bathymetry?
What would the perfect human race be like?
How dense can a word become?
Polycythemia good underground?
Is it possible for an ocean to have a river flowing from it into a lake?
Maximum capacity of Parrot-sized Brain
Realistic Timespan of Cargo Delivery between the Moon and Earth
Switching between poikilothermic and homeothermic metabolism
How big in terms of the galaxy is hundreds of star systems?
Living on a ring of rock on the equator of white dwarf, is it possible?
What is the appropriate pigmentation for a stealthy, nocturnal race?
How could humans survive on Mars for 365 days?
Capitalising on a Time Loop
Why would the males of a species exhibit polymorphism?
Would it be plausible for Corporatist Federation to allow its members to go to war?
Viability of an upper-jaw-only beak?
Evolution of tree-dwelling species that will help predators find prey if prey species doesn't give it a bribe?
How large can a water bear become before it loses its abilities?
How do you handle procreation with a long lived species?
How could I scientifically explain Entropy Reversal?
Scientifically explaining an object that is NOT affected by Entropy
Can the existence of an orthogonal reality be proven to those who cannot experience it?
Can the collapse of capitalism trigger space colonization?
What technology can create water on an airless, desert planet?
Lonely astronaut
Civilian or Military Government on a Generational Ship
How can the army government ensure Mars mission success?
Is there any set of circumstances in which having 3 hearts in an organism would be beneficial in a species?
How long before evolutionary traits revert or change?
Bioengineered underground Arco based loosely on… a wart?
How to explain truly emotional ghosts?
Realistic sky of an Earth-like moon orbiting a gas giant (length of day and size of celestial bodies)
On divisive cults/religion
Is an Economic Based Society Realistic?
Coboglobin clarification
How realistic/practical are my ninjas?
Cargo-cannon delivery system from Earth to Moon?
How to convince someone to go to army instead of you?
Besides continental drift, what could affect the map of Earth hundreds of millions of years from now?
Dwarven at victorian tech level with some magic, new ways for them to extract materials
Creating a Religion - Against Christianity-esque and Islam-esque religions to establish a pantheon of false(nonexistent) gods
Why would many future interstellar spaceship designs come with a self-destruct button instead of an EMO button?
Recognizable natural numbers for alien message?
Could a moon with twice the tidal pull change oceanic currents?
How do scientists know whether a virus is man-made or not?
Why would the whole of mankind live in a single, gigantic city?
Does the growth of ecommerce diminish our ability to wage total war?
Fallout from aliens destabilizing economy by counterfeiting all global currencies?
The Elusive Man's Private Fire Department
How could I scientifically explain the concept of "Stasis beams"?
Is it much easier to make entire human population to have blood type O than type AB?
What would be a viable explanation for "destroyable knowledge"?
What effect would liquid sulfur oceans, sulfur dioxide in the atmosphere have on visibility, sound propagation and other environmental information?
Reality check - Forest in space city
Can I have a big flying creature with jaw and teeth?
Proxima Centuri - Traveltime
Challenges in maintaining a thalassocracy
Why do aliens who visit us have higher tech than us? Couldn't they wait for us to have it too?
How would interplanetary stock-exchanges work?
Reasons for a sufficiently advanced alien race to want to destroy less advanced ones?
Robots are superior than humans. Prove importance of emotions to them
What kinds of internship in a power plant would allow the intern access to the control room without requiring a STEM background?
Optimal altitude for an airborne floating island
Mirrored Armor Possible?
In The Event One Wants a Gas Titan in His Worldbuilding Story
Room-Temperature (or near enough) Superfluids
The danger of used propellant
Stay with me here... energy rifle-sword made scientifically feasible
The Hive returns: stop robot from attaining godhood in a pure deterministic universe
If We Push Super-Saturn to the Distance of Neptune
How would an evil and malevolent god gather followers?
Can a reproductive system that allows interspecies breeding be made believable?
How to fire a super critical mass(ive) bullet that can produce mushroom cloud?
Why would one build a spacecraft out of a gigantic mutated rat?
Species with natural Hex-Decimal processing capacity
What would make telepathy and clairvoyance scientifically plausible?
Sense of self in clones or copied of digtally uploaded minds
Why would aliens ally with humans against other humans?
What element would the hemoglobin content of methane-based life use?
What is preventing magic users from reaching their full potential?
What are the consequences of a real world "Gamer" ability?
Kingdom with helpful bands of mercenaries; avoiding devolving into bandits
How could the 'Totally-not-space-wizards' completely suppress technological advancement
How can pacifists creatures protect themselves without becoming the aggressor?
Conceal carry: limits in a modern society
How does one explain transformation magic?
An alien generational ship orbits earth and ask for resources. Should we help?
Should my people eat bone?
Considerations for a Dwarven Volcano City
What is a fast-acting poison that could be applied to an arrow or dagger?
Atlantropa: How bad could it be
Alien message: “Invitation”
Hurdles an alien civilization would encounter evolving next to a giant impenetrable wall
Plausibility of a plant/animal organism with asymmetrical alternation of generations?
What Kind Of Operators or Functions Should A Magic Language Have?
How much to charge for fictional substances in Victorian England setting?
How large of a telescope would one need in order to read someone's lips on a planet light years away?
What kind of games could we send to aliens?
Can a dragon be electrocuted?
If Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump switched places, who would be happier?
In future say around 2500 , will everything would be free of cost in this world?
I'm trying to write a story connected with the theory of Hollow Earth
Can a master of electricity/lightning magic control the wills of people?
Would an interstellar exoplanet telescope make sense?
What interesting quirks would occur if Magic was suddenly returned after 200 years
How can a tyrant rule without invoking fear?
How can you explain colour to beings that can see just black and white?
Can a moon provide an exoplanet a habitable source of heat due to tidal heating?
Possible weaknesses of a vector manipulator
What mammalian biological constraints would have to be relaxed/changed in order to allow Victorian style mixing of body parts?
Can wind immediately freeze something?
1st Generation Born on New World Issues
Would a conventional explosive detonated in an atmosphere with less pressure than Earth's be less damaging?
How to make a fantasy world immersive and believable without making it low fantasy?
How could a submarine-like vehicle steer and propel itself in a superfluid?
What would weather look like on a world with a 9-year day?
Secret US government facility on East coast
Jurisdiction over strange events in the continental US
Run! A giant chipmunk is attacking the city--or is it?
Why humans chose emotion over abudance?
Will we turn into a micropayment society?
What hull materials are suitable for a helium-sea jet-ski?
Planet with poles warmer than equator
Where do you put a photosynthetic Dyson sphere?
What to do with all the heat in a Dyson Sphere?
How to make visually distinct factions in a modern setting
How to names for magic system powers?
How would society be different in a world with RPG elements?
How similar or different can an exoplanet be, that supports a convergent evolved ''human'' species?
How could you protect a Dyson Shell?
Minimum Population For a High Tech Society?
Energy wiping out beings while preserving planet
How to negate gravitational influence of specific objects in space?
Gravity Difference and its Impact on Humans
What would/should humanity do with a copy of the Encyclopedia Galactica?
Using temperature to contain an atmosphere?
Realistic cryosleep with short or no wake-up protocol?
Realism of Halfing Weight to Height Ratio + Strength
What could an individual contribute to society other than labor?
What kind of society and morals would an alien species evolved from solitary carnivores have?
How can I keep the state of Muskogee independent?
In the year 2999, there are pills instead of food. What do commercials look like?
Dyson-Harrop to power an ion engine?
Would a rotating ring (halo) help regulate the habitability of a tidal locked planet?
Reasons to pack weapons on interstellar mission?
Could a creature have eyes that change color based on their mood?
Prevent stroke in time travel scenario
A world without permanent water on the surface?
Farming underground
What would happen to life on Earth if the atmosphere was covered by a blanket of shadow (NOT clouds)?
Dragons vs modern day army
Why would countries ever fight over who gets an alien object?
Build a better cold trap
Shooting non-lethal projectiles with long strings attached?
Earth-like Moon around the Gas Giant. Eclipse length?
How would a planetary ring react to a magnetic field?
Orbital Bombardment with Anti Matter
Alien message: arrows and sequence order
Use of a portal as a weapon
Manhattan-sized asteroid, sitting on the ground?
In a world where owning a cryosuit is necessary for day-to-day life, how would its expenses be handled?
What would it look like to build a human?
Feasibility of nanoparticle crowd control
A world with only sunlight and a world with no sunlight (Fantasy)
Earth analog planet with more than 3 convection cells per hemisphere
Recipe For the 300-Mile Wide Crater
Non-relativistic FTL is trivial. Why are spaceships mostly pretty small?
Could a branch of canine creatures (instead of apes) evolve into humanoid animals?
Effects of nitrogen deprivation on the body?
Defending against directed Gamma Ray weaponry
Optimal position for an orbital dockyard
Could a dryad species be scientifically plausible?
Can an interstellar body alter Earths Time?
Wouldn't a spaceship traveling at luminal or near light speeds come back to find earth hundreds of years in the future
Which forward time travel is correct?
Low or absent pathogenicity viral agent
What would be the most likely cause of a major flood in London and what would the effect be to buildings?
Extending the Kola Superdeep Borehole
How much could a population of 100 grow in 1000 years?
Is it possible for an AI to work in a computer without the power cord being plugged in?
What could cause a culture to change their writing style?
Severed Space Elevator
Would building a Dyson sphere inside the Earth's orbit render our planet uninhabitable?
Suitable real world critters for a causing mayhem (disabling comm and defense systems) via catapult?
How to justify a "prime directive" law?
Could extremophiles evolve intelligence?
Why are interstellar colonists lone rangers?
What conditions may lead to an intelligent civilization employing only bio-machines?
Space Travel with Volatile Memory
How would history look different if Earth was a planet where it was perpetually raining?
Writing system of blind, sea dwelling sentients?
How to Cause Widespread Darkness
What if we discovered a real paradox?
How do I create a "love potion"?
Attack Vectors for Supply Chain Sabotage
Star Matter Gate Blast Radius
Observing the universe from a proton
Flying Plants: Island edition
Looking for a planetary calculator for the mass, density, and/or radius of a planet?
How exactly would trading information take place if there were two virtually identical worlds that could message each other?
What would you send in 10 m³ to the medieval age, and how would you obtain it?
Megacity Shapes, Episode 1: Population Capacity
Can I make autonomous killdrones less of a problem for my psychic agents?
What would an observer, standing on the Earth, notice if the base of a Space Elevator was severed?
Highly populated towns and cities
How could an airborne disease only survive undeground?
Energy availability in interstellar space
What happens to excess Hydrogen?
What if a molecule turned into a black hole?
Effect of sustained high G enviroments on the human body?
What form of communication would be used for interplanetary communication
What useful materials exist on a lifeless planet?
How can you build cities without cement?
Detecting encrypted transmissions
What if tornadoes could open a wormhole?
Architectural considerations for a city in a wind tunnel
How to hide ocean Fleet Construction at dawn of Industrial Age?
How can you find where the Earth is, if you were lost near Neptune?
What types of genetic characteristics would help animals survive a decades long nuclear winter?
Human to robot interface for data exchange
Powersource untill heatdeath
Would pressure be a viable way to make a forcefield or reflective device?
How can you set up a mine for the lower layers of the gas giants?
What will a photo look like in next 30 years?
How to "Poison" an Entire Ocean?
Fire on different oxygen density
What would be the minimum percentage of water for a livable earth?
Extremely small planet to live on
Are there any outstanding factors that would prevent marsupials from evolving civilization?
Can Brian Greene's Ultimate Multiverse contain Cthulhu Mythos?
What would be the effect of a .50 caliber bullet firing at 4,800 km/h hitting a human body?
Nuclear apocalypse! What would it take for people to survive in the underground of a large metropolis?
Will A Real City On Earth Ever Have 100 Million People?
Can the owner and CEO of a large business plausibly remain anonymous?
In modern world, what is the largest building that could be built overnight?
What can be done to keep the Philippines in American possession?
What morals and possibly religious beliefs would an intelligent species evolved from pack-living carnivores have?
What are some good resources on medieval German culture and mythology?
Megacity Shapes, Episode 3: Plumbing
Could modern Asia be united into a single coalition?
Plausible path to convert a small college town into a commune (late 70s to late 10s)
Sunshade communication?
If we traveled back to the Triassic era could we survive?
Can an ocean moon with a mass of 0.5 earth masses stabilize the axial tilt of a planet two times bigger than earth?
If we had always used wind and solar as energy sources, who would be the world superpowers?
What are the effects of building an artificial land bridge connecting Britain to Europe?
Sci-fi scenario: could all radio communication be blocked?
How would fembots change society?
What would happen if a space whale crashed on earth?
In a world of normal humans, mages and humans who can't be affected by magic, how would they coexist?
What would be the benefits/ problems with a continent wide underground aqueduct system?
What's the "Tail to Tooth" (non-combatants to combatants) ratio of a premodern army?
What would happen if all the pollution in the world just disappeared? As well other stuff?
How much TNT would it take to blow up an ordinary suburban home?
Crucial and unlikely discoveries in history
What alternatives for fire can an aquatic sentient species use?
How do I reconcile portal mechanics for all situations?
How massive of a foreign body going at near light-speed (>99.9999% C) would it take to make the sun explode?
Specific uses for synthetic skin
How would a moon in geostationary orbit appear to wax and wane?
How would primitive fembots change society?
Would cultured meat (artificial) render animal slaughter illegal?
Can we build a world in 1,000 years?
Slow accumulative poison that is detectable in autopsy
How could an organism move through space freely without the use of technology?
Surviving the atmosphere of Venus
First feasible time to colonize the moon
The Information Desk provides all sorts of Information; how did it work?
Why would aliens design their von Neumann replicators to use nitrogen?
Requirements for using a wormhole
Would a large number of people simultaneously turning on a load of 3 kW be sufficient to bring down the electricity grid across 500 sq km?
Can a planet have oceans of ethanol?
How could a time traveller change medieval history using only modern knowledge?
"Natural disaster" How can I melt a snowy mountain in few days?
How to affect history in a positive manner and reduce negative 'butterfly effects'?
Is it possible to break a hole in wall with weakeast object when thrown?
How could a zombie work biologically?
predator and prey developing intelligence
What's the practical difference between a Lightning Bolt,a Laser and a Charged particle beam?
What conditions would prevent the possibility of human-made satellites orbiting a habitable planet?
What is a city like after a hundred years or so of neglect?
Zinc is a precious metal. What alloys are no longer practical?
What alloy could replace brass in most applications?
How can I build a door to repel a horde of zombies?
Quantum Based AI getting around Isaac Asimov's "Three Laws of Robotics"
Why would Patent Terms be extended to centuries?
Sexual Cannibalism in Advanced Races
Is blood pressure a good restriction?
Why would someone want to be eight feet tall?
How to stop evil site moderators? ⦋quite firmly closed⦌
What are some spells for a philosophy based magic system?
What would a Medieval Logic Machine (Computer) need to be feasible?
A world without natural time measures
Is it safe to orbit HDE 226868?
The impacts of the Moon's limited gravity on the design of a Moon city's transportation network
Possibilities of material transfer from a celestial body which crashes into a planet
Assuming Interstellar travel was feasible, what trade goods would in demand?
What selection pressures would favor isogametous reproduction requiring more than two parents?
Quick question: The feasability of this plasma cannon
If our moon had an atmosphere, could it have seasons?
NASA discovery: 1 star, 7 planets, multiple in habitable zone. How would this affect life on the planets?
If we were not limited by money, could we build science research submarines that are as large as military submarines?
Male psychology in a matriarchy
Shapeshifting an individual's physiology for environment (Space Whale)
Is general space-travel really even possible or just a hollywood invention?
How would year length affect habitability of a planet?
Effects of changing environments in humans
How do I use weird bouncing magic to power my society?
Logically consistent FTL without time travel
Effect of really long-distance cultural relations
What would happen to religions if we found out that humans were created by ancient aliens?
Increasing Earth's orbital radius to stop global warming
Castles, weapons, and war tactics for sapient cats?
Implications of an Archipelago Planet
Are multidirectional rings on a planet possible?
Virtual particles as propellant
Memory manipulation as a weapon: how could it be deployed most effectively?
Detecting an Alien Civilization on a Nearby Planet
Feasibility of mothballing passenger jets and cannibalizing some of them
How would a proof of "souls and other worlds" affect world religions?
What is an alternative for the "ancient founders race" idea when building a world?
How to trap a energy being?
Liquid water on both sides of a tidally locked planet. Feasible?
Would Death be weak against fate?
Will social networking sites create fake people using AI?
Can I train monkeys to fight with knives effectively?
Detecting a neutron star entering the solar system
Designing best mechanical doors
Catching Rainwater in a Safe and Efficient Manner?
Quick Question: Ionocraft with nanotechnology?
13 groups from different civ transported to 1 spot, How would they culturally react?
Fundamentally, what are the pros and cons of fleet vs mega ship (warfare)?
How could Earth's geography be altered by multiple asteroids? Evacuated and later repopulated
e=0. What Does That Mean for the Seasons?
What happens to the space created due to wormholes?
Which person who lived within the last 150 years would have made the most difference to the world today if they were killed at age 15?
Nuclear rockets and EMPs
Can this FTL communication, based on quantum entanglement, work?
Could sexual abstinence destroy our society?
What would an out-of-water submarine (for water-breathing mer-people) look like?
Outer Space Flamethrower
Is a Captain America-like super soldier realistic?
Are there any viable communications across light years of space?
Feasibility of this plasma cannon-Round 2
In regards to heat managment on a starship + space combat
How to plausibly build a worldwide oligopoly regarding pretty much all areas?
How does weather change on an earthlike planet with a denser atmosphere?
What would be the ecosystem on a earth-like planet with substantially less oceanic water than Earth?
What would happen if the adrenal glands were attached to the heart instead of the kidney?
What is the hardest wood possible, and where would this be a practical material?
What would the effect of variable gravity strength have on a developing child?
Our Granite and Basalt vs. Their Granite and Basalt
How would life be different if humans are, and always have been, able to teleport?
How do you beat a person with control over physics?
Plausibility of seahorse-like marsupials where the male carries offspring?
How do you tell time on a world with 9-year days?
Can a planet that is tidally locked to its sun have a satellite that is not tidally locked to its sun?
Space combat: Is Jousting a counter to Ranged-Combat?
How would this tidally locked planet be affected by its moon and would the moon have a deaccelerated orbit?
ELEVEN Inner Planets?! What Will the Ice Ages Be Like?
Is it possible to have a planet with sand tides on deserts?
In a room filled with mirrors, and mirrors only, what do you see?
What would be the ideal weapon for a light-combat tank?
Warrior caste in an utopian society: what would keep them peaceful for centuries?
What's the timeline for developing a broader view of time?
Aliens and Us: Would they have any reason to interact with us?
Minimum required super powers to enable a group of people to quickly create 1910s technology?
How quickly would a genetic trait originally found in only 1 village spread across Earth?
What would the most effective means of space combat be in the near future?
How to remove snakes from a plain?
How would a human species evolved to survive high radiation take a new nuclear strike?
Is it more likely that a mid-food chain type animal would develop intelligence?
Effects of closing a Black Hole in a solar system (let's say ours?)
Can twin stars be born?
Magic as a resource and its effect on our development
Are paved roads needed when only air transport is developed?
Suitable weapon for necromancers?
How much would we sleep if a day was 36 hours-long? How would eating habits and general work hours change?
Would this fracture treatment work?
Monitoring for people who practice religion
How do Glass Ants create their tunnels?
What would life be like on a planet with high atmospheric pressure?
Artificially made planet
Can quantum spin be converted to macro systems?
Erosion of buildings on geological timescales
Optimal wavelength for an interstellar communication laser
How could a private corporation take over the British government
Going from Magic to Technology
Flogging and punitive mutilation in a zero-G environment
How to reconcile vitalism with science within a fantasy universe?
What Limitations or Modifications Would Medieval Armor or Weapons Have if Modern Quality Steel Were Used?
Space colonization becoming economically recoverable
Sci-fi Science: Physics of Impossibru: "Force fields"
Would lightning strike a flying island?
What is the speed of a derailed train somehow that landed on its wheels in Germany during WWII?
What would the next step be after code?
Is a political union the only union that allows one country to be another's guarantor?
Alchemy in a Forest
A Younger Siberian Traps
Animal with directional sound emitting apparatus
How to survive and become self-sufficient in the nature?
Symbolics of Cargo Cult after 1000 years
How would portal technology work?
Larger swords vs larger monsters
Fabric in a waterless world
Will there be antisemitism in 35th century?
How would the rest of society advance if technology doesn't?
Would it be possible to create a machine that (safely) split atoms and rearrange them differently?
How would a Parasitic race of aliens travel from Planet to Planet?
Assuming a Commodity-Backed Currency Capable Of Various Production Grades, What Problems Or Eccentricities Might Arise?
How to construct a loud sonic bomb?
We broke all the river dams. Does it reverse environmental damage/climate change?
How do you make men relevant in a setting where only women can use magic?
Societal effects of succubi invasion?
How would animals behave on a separate planet?
In a world with machines that can convert energy into matter and vice versa, what would be an incentive for being a public servant?
What thing comes next?
Defensive adaptations for lagomorphs
What would a 'bend' in space-time look like to the external observer
Why would Mars rovers talk to each other?
The universe is erased, two humans wake up in a ship on its way to New Earth, their trip duration Is 100 years. How do they react and do they make it?
Human baby raised by elephants, plausible?
What kind of recurring phenomena could cast darkness on a planet for days/weeks at a time?
Can this food give off enough energy to melt metal?
The effects of getting hit by a particle weapon
Accelerating, then decelerating, without expending energy or propellant in space?
Sky color on a planet with an atmosphere consisting mainly of nitrogen
Water replacement on a world with a nitrogen-rich atmosphere
Could the sun reach a state that emits constant solar flares and CMEs?
How Would An Advanced Race Capable of Colonization Classify Planets
A smaller price for a lesser faustian deal
How can aliens take over the [Medieval] world without force?
Mortars on a plane?
How would literally evil societies function?
Can someone help me with creating a list of sci-inventions?
What is valuable in interstellar trade?
Frozen inside an ice cube
Can a brainwashed American president end the human race?
How do massive starships levitate?
How can a Horror from Beyond Reason reliably communicate with mortals?
Historical analogues to behavior of minor gods
Why would a civilization outfit buildings with separate portals for entering and leaving them?
A Clear Map of Lake Makgadikgadi
Capital placement on a country - are there any geographical trends?
How would domestic cats react to a world with constant twilight (Kepler 186f for example)?
Taking the form of robots I beat
What would be the first form of government to form a post scarcity society/economy
Unplanned Colony: what industrial level could be recreated in the short-term?
Genderless androids
Medieval army vs Legions- who would have the advantage?
How to explain no increase in suicides after proof of a happy afterlife?
Minimum area of an island to support technology advance
On a permanent living quarters spaceship, how does one farm?
Geography and Appearance of an nitrogen/ammonia planet
Mannerisms of a former nomadic people
Execution by Earthworm
What effect does a fireball have on a being of pure ice?
How to induce artificial gangrene?
Using Polonium in a WMD
Could self-driving light rail/subway/tram trains be much shorter (fewer cars) than systems where trains need drivers?
Resolving anachronism: Have a modern society with outdated warfare
How would glowing red or purple eyes occur in a human?
Can a species without uniform brain function time survive?
Vertebrate-like creatures with more than four limbs
Tropical beaches and snow topped ski slopes
Would alien litterbugs accidentally create a star?
Strategic ordinance delivery method in medieval period - Gunpowder Rocket or Cannon?
Modern Scaphism
Flooding lights
Realistic timeline for theocracy developing Alcubierre drive
What will happen if one of the four elements disappears?
The profession "Torturer"/"Executioner"
Would this species be possible?
How can a teen-age mad scientist create polonium?
What conditions would make a permanent turquoise sky?
How many objects could you fit around a Lagrange point?
Designing a carnivorous plant
Would it be possible to detect traces of a civilisation after a world-shattering collision?
Would a civilization on a planet with no natural Uranium-235 NEED to first achieve fusion before it can build nukes?
Logical Location for Cities
New laws for clone marriage?
Electric Universe: can an object be pinned at a solar pole with magnetic flux?
What extradimensional topology would explain looping forces?
Recommended resources to describe an environment you have never been to?
Societal limits to size of nuclear family?
Possibility of transferring power to train through rails
How would an interstellar civilization construct a planetary shuttlecraft?
How would Alien internet be different than ours?
How can I have a habitable world on which life can not develop?
Can we make all the cockroach and mosquito extinct by eating them?
Rules for Geological Structures
Is there a way to translate a language that includes words for things we don't know?
Is it possible to have a planet that has seasons and is also cold at the equator and hot both poles?
Rhino Horn in a Composite Bow?
Is it possible that aliens could be all around us in the form of waves?
What tech is needed to make underground building cost effective?
Could inequality and class warfare still exist in a post-scarcity society?
Hurricanes - How to Protect Against the Damage
Defeating this fleet
How different would be the gastronomy of merfolk compared to ours?
Could All Reptiles Be Like the Crocs?
Neutron bomb vs Nuclear Thermal Rocket (NTR)
How would aircraft and air-life develop on High-G, Lower-Atmosphere planet?
What is a coefficient?
Where does the Temporal Protection Agency get its intel?
In an apocalyptic situation, where would a person be able to find a prosthetic?
Killing All Seagulls With Minimal Effort and Repercusions
Will a gravity-o-meter detect a jumper?
How can I poison humans over several generations?
What would the perfect digital government look like?
How to realistically create a bow that's also two one-handed swords?
Where do you flee when the zomghost-quarantine fails?
How would a command structure and strategy for a galactic war be organized?
What title can a person who executes greatest actual power in a republic have?
How would it be possible for an island to sink into the sea?
Effect of asteroid impacts on Earth
Could there be more types of pathogens in the universe?
Assuming fuel and thrust generation are not issues, how quickly can a space-faring vessel travel without risking harm to the crew?
How to catch giant sea creatures?
How realistic is a future aristocracy?
How poor does Elven fertility need to be in order to keep the ratio of humans to elves constant?
Can a city in a flood plain be maintained for centuries if it is built on stone blocks?
On the deflection of really big laser beams
How does an ordinary person announce major discoveries?
Tentacles as "hands"
How to remotely spread life?
If a species developed on an atmosphereless world, would it survive on Earth?
Would a massive ocean yield larger storms?
Sex with centaurs can be considered bestiality?
Survival of an Industrial Revolution city after being transported to a fantasy world
Can reptiles live a long time in a fake habitat?
Buried under the Sand: Good or Bad for technology?
Society where sexual feelings are synched up
Spatial dimensions with non-equivalent dimensional eigenvalues
How can a world have permanent cloud cover?
Does gravity converge in a wrap-around universe?
How to harvest resources from a gas giant?
How can the more lucky friend of John Doe past-proof his travel to Versailles?
Assaulting a floating city: Two-Stage Ballista solution?
How to integrate synthetic creatures with weaponry?
How would fantasy dwarves produce steel?
How many generations of descendants could a person plausibly outlive?
How to weaponize ball lightning
How do I create an office-friendly silence grenade?
Why develop AT-AT or AT-TE walkers?
How Can I Get Giant Trees on Venus?
Air-conditioned/heat pump crustacean
How can a world have permanent dense fog?
How to tell if a planet with twin suns orbits one or both of them?
Multicellular chemotrophs?
How do I prevent the annexation of the Novgorod Republic?
Killing a magnetic shield
Wanted for questioning by FBI - gets on cruise ship into international waters
Post War Geopolitics?
What is the best substance to generate enough energy in the body to fuel simple elemental magic?
Robots with (specifically red) blood
What effect has would retirement have on the skills of "The Hero of Legend"?
Psychological impact of being immortal
Battling a massive army robots, how?
How to create realistic space combat?
Remote Control Bullets
What would happen if a large area had permanent cloud cover?
If a country house in England (1950) could not pay government death duties and is going to be demolished, what happens to the debt?
Teleporting energy
Martial arts fighting style for my spellswords?
What are some ways to transport from a modern world to a completely new, fantasy world?
How would an alien race that seeded life on a planet let their presence be known at a certain point in time?
Pirate treasure on mars?
Will this creature's reproductive strategy work?
In a doomsday scenario, what would be possible transcontinental communication options?
Alien Species Native to a Desert Planet
Why would gods decide to teach people to not rely upon gods?
Using Fire For Good?
How to sell a real Spellbook and what price for it?
Ease of translating languages with/without similar "Base" language
Gripping with radial palms
Looming spaceship in the skies. Height, size, radius?
In a world where humans have been made obsolete by machines with General AI, what innovation created by these machines could make them obsolete?
Who will be horrified by the Worldbuilding site?
How quickly can I form a mountain chain?
Could you 'deconstruct' a blackhole by firing heavy metals into its orbit?
An infinite train circling the planet that never stops
Can a small island realistically have all these environments?
How would laser weapons affect combat and military tactics?
Application of a spider poison to skin
How can black holes be used for daredevil gravity slingshot sport?
How can a race express an Expanded Sense of Time?
Biologic advantage of magnetoception
How might a race with high equilibrioception & proprioception interact and perceive the world around them?
Where is the best place to park your damaged spaceship, longterm?
How to prove that the solar system isn't inside of a localized physics bubble?
Could an Apex Predator grow into an intelligent society?
How to send a message to the past using a precognizant rabbit?
What would sentient plants be like?
Three-Toed Sloths in Temperate USA
Can a world go through multiple apocalypses without the dominant species going extinct or finding a solution?
How do I justify that an omniscient god does not have knowledge of the future?
Safe communication from Earth surface to orbit and back
A sufficient justification for the infantry using lethal, directed energy weapons
How do I simulate the path of a river?
What would the dangers of a cholera based zombie virus be?
In a very large spherical space station, could a contained core of densely packed extremely massive particles be used to create gravity?
How does one approach phonology notation for a non-human constructed language?
powersource with managably sized wormholes
How to find the man who isn't there?
Using airships for air assaults
How can I achieve 1.5 mile (or even 300 foot) wide tree branches?
Can long-term exposure to high-energy radiation without corresponding visible radiation induce melanism in a species?
Could a human survive 5Gs for about two days using existing or near future technology?
How could a magical, sentient library defend itself?
Purpose of Engineered Organic Flying Whales
What are the atmospheric conditions on a planet tidally locked to its moon?
How to synchronize squad tactics against robots with music?
Hurricane size vs planet rotation speed
In a Victorian Era steampunk D&D campaign: what historic implications would it have if Scotland was underwater?
Using liquid/malleable metal as a shield/weapon?
Determining sufficient nutrition with minimal technology
Flying Stingrays
Psychological effects of HLD Syndrome on human males?
Using only molecules found in humans: How close can I get to creating a wolf?
How would living underground (bioluminescence) affect a humanoid race?
Would future religions include other media besides text in their sacred scripture?
Carnivorous wire grass a.k.a. Bloodgrass
How can I account for the curvature of Earth for my straight line (10th Century)?
The dangers of eating magical food
How might the US military use cats with the intelligence of a 10-year old human?
What does a small fusion reaction sound like?
How fast could you run a human brain?
Could human life exist on (not around) a brown dwarf?
What would be likely tactics in space combat?
If FTL travel was invented tomorrow, would it change society?
Problems When Disguising A Spaceship As An Airplane?
Sun/stars orbit and climate
Start to terraform Venus
How to build the "perfect" versions of different melee weapons?
What would it look like if time is stopped
Would a 'absolute nothingness' (Kabbalistic Ayin) be present in Brian Greene's Ultimate Multiverse?
Centauromorphs: Anatomical terminology for duplicate body regions/parts
Plasma assisted cutting weapons
The Science of the Marsupilami
Can an AI and a human sync together with music
How to create a Moon orbiting earthlike planet that is 1.5 times larger diameter than our moon and appears twice as large in sky
If an immortal, fabricated particle could travel FTL, would it exist in all times, or only the past relative to its present?
Spherical symmetry in animals?
Anatomically correct multiarmed humanoids
Three-gendered alien species: Evolutionary Hurdles?
Scientific feasibility of reptilian overlords and humanoid slaves
How well could a dog pick out the scent of a single person in a pool of carnage?
Is there an effective difference between distances in 3d space and higher dimensional space
How would a lunar cycle of 18-19 days affect women's menstrual cycle?
How can asymmetrically powerful states be balanced? (AKA why don't legendary heroes rule the world)
How would the weather be affected by a constant miles-wide maelstrom?
What's the most advanced weapon a time traveler from the 21st century could make with the technology of the Middle Ages?
What would be the most addictive substance it is possible to make?
If only true love awakens magical power: How do i train mages in modern times?
Consequences of Personal AIs
How to build a fortress to survive against mythical creatures
Making optimized melee weapons for specific style of combat with nanotechnology pt.1
Trading under embargo
How would castle designs change in a world with magic
Carrington Solar Flare / EMP — impact on ships at sea?
Designing a pocket Kusarigama
Why would a conscripted army continue to fight a losing battle?
Early Army without foraging: How do we keep ourselves supplied in the field?
What could make a planet have regular extreme weather?
What would be the response of a small island nation if a former enormous aggressor suddenly went away
Pouch skin shedding rate increase?
What's strongest non-nuclear explosive I can make with nanotechnology?
Will the temperature in equator lower when sunlight is block by asteriod ring?
How long before today's landmasses are submerged?
What are short-term defenses against massive elegtromagnetic disruption?
Would somebody from the middle ages be able to identify an atomic / nuclear bomb?
Cooling the superconductors in my personal utility fog
Which major solar system body could most realistically be artificial?
How to prove that person is really the GOD?
Stasis chambers
How feasible would this weapon design be in the medieval era?
How can magic wielding street-kids make money in a medieval city without stealing
If people forgot how to write, how would the world be affected?
How would medieval tactics have changed if guerrilla warfare had become common?
What's the most appropriate magical beast that guards can handle to keep people quiet, like a creepy watchdog?
Making an obsidian weapon that is actually durable
I need a cool sort of boat with medieval tech that can go under water Magic is possible
Building a Covert Network Backbone up the Mississippi
How to preserve blood with medieval tech?
What would happen if all engineers in the world take a day/week/month off at the same time?
If all things could speak?
I need a weapon, medieval tech, with magic, for my hero, something unusual
Why isn't a magical obligate parasite living in a wizard library exterminated?
Weather patterns on a fully rounded earth
What potential H2O bio-equivalents would (critically) also float when frozen?
Removing an atmosphere from a previously-habitable world
How would our sky look like 100 million years in the future?
I need a huge castle that can hold of vast numbers off invaders, there is magic, medieval tech
How could a triggered earthquake be stopped?
How to visualize orbits
How much money would a soul cost?
Help me design a future supervirus plague / pandemic
Effects of the detonation of the majority of our nuclear arsenal in the upper atmosphere?
Genetically modified timber wolves with Siamese cat coloring?
Are genetically engineered dogs that snap and become disloyal plausible?
Mr. President, Magic has returned to our world
What options are left for a hunted sorceror in this situation?
Why no firearms?
Marriage and divorce in the future
Is there a possibility of an AI image to mimic the movement of the AI possesing robot?
How does a modern military defend against a guerrilla Army of wizards
Few-hours order effect on a solar system if another star was suddenly added?
What If 75% of Births Were Fatal?
What knowledge of the reasons for steel strength did medieval smiths have?
How to limit the proportion of a Force sensitive population?
If energy is conserved, how much energy do I need to reasonably use skeletons as a tomb defense?
How do I keep my remains safe from being summoned as a skeleton?
Would a tunnel in sand collapse?
Would the inner planets of our Solar System line up?
How would other planets in a solar system be affected by the disappearance of one planet?
Re-working physics for a Newtonian universe
Steampunk Lamia Technology
"Homesick" human subspecies feasibility
How to fit three habitable worlds in our solar system?
What exactly would happen if a black hole was introduced into the sun?
Escaping a pair of orbiting black holes through the saddle
How do I make the tardigrade sapient?
What is the oldest a cave could possibly be?
Would these changes to humanity due to genetic memory help technology develop more quickly or slowly than our world?
If you're moving at a speed exponentially faster than the speed of light, can you still see each other?
How could a creature get off a planet without technology?
The resonating sword of doom
magically provoked, naturally manifesting lower gravity area in a 10 mile radius
How would we choose which species to populate Mars with?
What natural protections could a small oceanic island have against tsunamis?
Indoctrinating female agents
Is there a metal, that is not sticky during freezing weather
How many soldiers you need to kill a supersonic swordsman?
How could something fly (steampunk tech) without lifting gas?
would people be happier if we got rid of Thursday and had 6 day weeks?
Long Range Big Guns: An extreme bombardment ship
Is time management obsolete?
How can zombies be made to race chariots?
Hypothetical classification system for humanoidness/anthropomorphism
Creating resonation with lasers
How to explain computers to medieval civilians?
Would North Korean aircraft be able to fly international routes?
What would be the most plausible way to arrive at a functional and sustainable theocracy that preserves certain democratic institutions with limits?
Will This Violate Causality?
What If: Weaponized Nuclear Technology Ceases to Work
Re lifing the life
Is a bigger planet than Earth with the same density possible?
Evolution - Intelligent animals enough to write
Measurements of an asteroid replacement
Is it possible to genetically modify human lungs to breathe Martian air?
Travel Delays due to the Expansion of the Universe
I was thrown into the middle ages, how do I power my time machine?
Would life be valued if it could be created?
What prevents Dungeons from collapsing?
How do I keep my slaves happy?
Life on planet regularly hit with meteorites
Could a giant battery serve double duty as a sadistic acid bath?
Antimatter Explosion Signature
Could a mute person become a police officer in a small town?
How does a mundane army defeat an immortal army?
How to conceal my immortality without hiding for a hundred years?
Divided States of America (DSA)?
Is it possible to surf a solar flare?
What cheap modern items can I use to bribe medieval people?
Would the sudden creation of a super-suit cause noticeable wind?
Knight in shiny armor vs the laser
Asteroid making a hole through the crust
How humanly survivable is my world?
Plausibility/mechanisms for biogenic silica on a terrestrial planet with a reducing atmosphere
Planets days and orbital period
What would be a reasonable caliber for an assault rifle and sniper rifle for a planet with pressure of 3 atm?
Environmental conditions on quasi tidal locked planet
Gregorian Calendar and dates before its implementation - how to correctly place an event before 1582?
Would it makes sense for an intelligent race originated from snakes to possess the ability of hearing?
The speed and mass of this asteroid
What are realistic and practical weapons of the future?
How could we clone an alien?
The one that changed the world a bit for the better
Can a country with successful economy have most jobs with alternating work/break weeks (1 week of work, 1 week of free time)?
Comparing space combat to naval combat - Helicopters?
Taking all the blood of a dozen humans and putting it into acid – could I create a wolf?
How does a teleporter logically lead to time travel?
Can sanitation spark an industrial revolution
Would a molybdenum armor be worth wearing?
How to hide that your genetically modified character has turned almost immortal (but can still be killed)
Depth charges in Venusian (or gas giant) atmosphere?
What sort of occasional event can give a magically-limited race exponentially greater power?
A world where the sun is blotted out?
What effect would 1.5 times the gravity have on a human?
Atmosphere Removal via Solar Manipulation: An Artificial Supernova
How does one good hacker and some script kiddies hack an ISP's local office?
Calculating the damages caused by an impact of a free falling rock from (relatively) low altitude
Do gryphons need bird tails?
What metals will a culture most likely use if use of iron is prohibited?
Binoculars exposed to vacuum of space--what would happen?
Scaling down an electrolaser with the help of nanotechnology
How can you reduce the effect of wind speed through environment or evolution?
Life giving hydrochloric acid (HCl)?
How much crossbreeding should there be in a human eugenics program?
How would a world with different timescales behave
Creating a brand new society
What would be the best way of conveying the human quest for knowledge to sentient lifeforms
Pangaea-like supercontinent - could it have a temperate climate if it has large seas inside?
Best/Realistic Way to Acclimate Astronauts to Zero G
Realistic underground shelters for long time hibernation for mainly humans
Projecting the Evolution of Media into the Future
Light armor from carbon allotropes
FTL in a relativistic universe. Am I avoiding the time-machine?
Is black light (UV) bad?
The Boreal Bamboo Forest
How do I calculate the range of a warship's guns based on different gravity and air density?
What would a completely terraformed Mars look/behave like?
How do I use my giant wolves at war?
Jupiter becomes a star, how long have we left? (2010)
Is it possible to make spaceship very difficult to reverse engineer if you can't oversee its usage?
Create a world where Necromancy isn't considered as an "evil" type of magic
Why would you create a sonic weapon?
How many giant ants would it take to carry an adult/ how big does a single ant have to be to lift an adult?
World with a different sun every day, and random days with no sun
How possible would a manned base be on the moons of Mars?
If the sun of a fictional world did not rise on random days, how would it affect its civilizations?
How can an unimaginably huge life form reliably communicate with mortals?
How would society cope with a deformity that physically revealed all our secret vices?
Grammatical tenses for time travelers
What rules can limit magical teleportation?
How might a life-sustaining planet exist with an "atmospheric ocean"?
Is there a possibility for an AI to literally touch a computer screen?
What's the longest plausible orbital period for a habitable planet with a 3:2 spin-orbit resonance?
What kind of industries would legal and regulated necromancy spawn and require?
Meta element for hand to hand combat?
What would be the implications of proving Jesus Christ was an alien?
Why are mirrors magic portals?
Zombies, and true time limit
How would a short distance flechette gun look and function?
How can hornets be engineered to kill a human with a single sting?
Alien knowledge in 3, 2, 1
Polar Heat, Equatorial Cold - Climatic Effects of Inverted Global Temperatures
How practical are vehicles modeled after arthropods or cephalopods?
What trace would an advanced civilisation that flourished on Earth a billion years ago leave?
Deep Water Weapons/Vehicles
How to train an AI to be human
How could an organization steal a dragon egg out from under its mother's nose?
Powering a starship with solar cells
What purpose could baseline humans possibly serve in a society of digitized minds?
Would an endothermic star be possible?
Other, non-synthetic materials for drum heads besides animal skins
How to define artificial intelligence (AI)?
How do i regulate fake avatars in my VR-MMORPG?
This could be the nickname for a nuclear family of females?
Define criteria for a planet viability scale
Can you have brain uploading without having solved the binding problem?
The time travelling Dentist
Why no remote sensing or missiles?
How to create a foreign legion?
An unusual crime-and-punishment scenario - is it plausible?
What sort of cybernetic/genetic enhancements would make sense for cold-blooded soldiers leaving their natural habitat?
A layer of igneous rock over a large area
Real world effects of a modern day superhero?
Breathability of Atmosphere on Ocean Planet
Advantages/Disadvantages with Large Naval Guns
I am an immortal warlord - how do I spread my DNA all over the world?
Is amputation a feasible solution in the zombie apocalypse?
What would the tides look like if we had several moons
Human echolocation for spies. What sound to use?
What selective pressures would favor hermaphroditism in some individuals of an animal species which reproduces sexually?
Two or more advanced civilizations aren't even aware of each other
Is there any organization to a shantytown of storage containers?
How could cats evolve toxic claws?
Solitary celestial body with support for humanoid life
Reimagined Weaponry: The Illidari Warglaives
What would be the effects on a planet if gravity turned off and on again?
Could a disease make a creature begin to 'sprout' new eyes around its body?
Is an AI improving itself count as a Halting Problem paradox?
Should we give sentient NPCS human rights?
Would guns be a practical weapon for humans able to move at 200 mph (320 km/h)?
What would happen if every country forgot about the existence of other countries?
How would an army defend itself against mass robo-snake attacks?
What minimalistic message from the future would make you most successful?
Creating a low gravity environment deep underground
What type of military technology would develop in a water-covered world?
Could a plant-like forest or jungle form in an underground lava dependent ecosystem?
What scientific mysteries could be explained by temporal gravity?
Can a sounds frequency stun?
Electric Universe: What is the timeframe of a plasma storm in which both stars survive but are altered?
Limits of telekinesis
Anatomically Correct Centaur
Possible thermoregulation temperatures
Conflicting milestones, what to do?
Reasonable color-changing mammal?
Could Human Civilization Survive Hypercanes?
Interstellar probe designed without FTL?
Properties of magnetically confined plasma shielding
How Could the Technology of a Human-like Civilization Progress Significantly Faster?
A world without surface tension
Maneuverability of Geosynchronous Spaceship
Making fusion reactors better with nanotech
Consequences of Earth with no friction?
What natural objects or phenomena would likely be worshipped by blind squid-like underwater aliens?
How to construct atmospheric pressure belts for my world?
Molten Whirlpool planet
Transfer of electricity from The Moon
Re-entry scenario
Accurate models in classical mechanics for simulating combat part 1
What would a realistic plasma shield look like?
Is there any real reason for Dwarves not to have cavalry?
How would humans adapt to extreme climates
How effective (or ineffective) would a makeshift knuckleduster made out of wedding rings be?
What would weather/geographical conditions be like on a tidally locked moon?
Containing Undersea Alien Threat
Will new born babies on Mars have any body changes?
Building an elite legion
The most secured, completely untraceable mobile phones in the world
What's the smallest reasonable natural planet or moon with Earth-like surface gravity?
Is it possible for plate tectonics to have completely erased traces of an advanced civilization?
What should UN resolution demand?
How could Earth quickly deorbit the Sun without being destroyed?
how long could humans survive in a primarily nitrogen-argon atmosphere?
Keeping plasma alive until it reaches its target
Could a Spaceship Enter/Exit the Atmosphere Without Landing
How to effectively govern a Dyson swarm?
If the Cold War went hot in the early 1970s, would the Warsaw Pact be able to reach the Rhine River?
What weapons should a pain transferring super hero use
Would it be possible to have fresh water in a world where there was a major volcanic eruption which destroyed all civilisation apart from one city?
What changes would the body have to make in order for it to survive at high altitude?
Taxonomy/Phylogeny Help--Ideal Last Common Ancestor for Magic-Utilizing Species?
Death by vaginal birth or C section?
Single person coping with extended isolation
What good are followers for a god?
Making Fortifications Viable in the Arms Race Again
Alternative for magnetic boots
Temperature of the sunset/sunrise band of a tidally locked planet
How would a sword go about leaving behind distortions in space?
Is there a physical limit on density?
Roleplaying deity indication
Wings made of force fields?
How would life adapt to survive in an environment with winters of varying length?
Can we have a world where bacteriophages are the main treatment of bacterial infection?
Technological Progress of an Ocean Civilization
Examples of universes with differents laws of physics
How Does Island Development Limit Population Growth?
What realistic data for a game based on management of polluting plants?
An alien life has just arrived to a deserted, intact earth. What happened?
In an elliptical orbit, where should a rocket fire its engines for maximum efficiency?
How can I build a Nuclear Reactor in my backyard?
Would Vantablack hide planes from radar?
Hallway cannon, the last way out
"It's not the fall that kills you . . ." The capabilities of this kinetic shield
Best method for destroying/clearing the rubble of many planets/solar systems
How to get earth like conditions with a Hollow-World?
How would a human society in the Age of Sail be affected by the existence of a portal network?
Less dark energy and more dark matter
Controlling children with higher frequency
Oogenesis similar to spermatogenesis
What is the minimum radius of a circular corridor for the walls to appear straight?
Could a small country economically construct rudimentary aircraft carrier?
Vacuming out the dust from prehistoric Earth's atmosphere
How far away does a planet need to be from its star to have Earth-like conditions?
Humans born in a world without humans?
Creating the Alga of algae
What effect would magic have on the gender roles of a medieval world?
Can midcourse flip pose danger at relativistic speeds?
Could this Very Specific Dragon Fly?
Medical Repercussions of Alien Enslavement
Escaping the Snakebot of Doom
Figuring out how enemy computers work from their game consoles?
How would an extrasolar spaceship communicate with Earth?
Adaptations of a Very Specific Dragon to this Combination of Large Size and Flight
Effect of multiple tons of dry ice being dropped bomb-like into lake near a city
How to break a stalemate between two spaceships in a planetary invasion scenario
How would language evolve in a world of primarily digital communication instead of speech?
Conditions for human life in a Jupiter-like system
How to design a fortress in a mountain to keep it hidden, but still have it easy to defend?
What are the effects of having a considerably longer day/night cycle?
How slow could a self driving car be?
A justification for the typicall wave-motion tuning fork of death weapon design
Correct number of officers on a ship
Gravity simulation: Possible?
Child custody in world where 3 partners required for reproduction
Does anyone have any good strategies for making glyphs?
Racism in a world with customizable body appearance
Is an assault rifle that can in emergency also use pistol ammo realistic?
Hybrid Plasma/laser weapon, what can be made into shared parts?
Technological Advancements of a Hive-Mind
What design for a Martian space colony would be the most realistic and efficient at the same time?
What would be the evolutionary pressures of horned simians?
what type of head anatomy would simians evolve
The Geography and Ecology of a Supervolcanic Planet
Useful spider tanks
How would a world where the air is poisonous impact weapons development?
Can the Earth become a desert?
How fast can dungeons be covered and how low can they sink?
Naval warfare jargon
How fast would a sword need to be to avoid getting blood on it?
The Camelry Has Arrived
aftermaths of a huge simultaneous and global powercut
In what way could advanced aliens transport the entire human race, except for three people?
In a medieval setting, how far apart should towns be?
What happens to the leftovers from asteroid mining?
What effects does a sudden population shift, near doubling the population, have on a medieval kingdom?
How deep would a bunker have to be to prevent significant radiation seep?
Why the Aeolipilie/Heron Steam Device 10-07 AD, Never Come to Be a Useful Power Plant Today?
What would be a reason that two superpowers at war would not claim a perfectly good island?
How long would it take for a humanoid race at the technical level of the 1500s to gain control of an entire Earth-sized planet?
Artificial Gravity
Would Franz Joseph I (emperor of Austria 1848-1916) protect a minority hated by others or would he help assimilate them?
No hunger cry from birth, is it plausible?
How would I go about permanently increasing a human's speed, strength, and stamina?
What star system beyond Sol would be the first one most likely to be explored?
Ensuring genetic diversity in a small colony, by using artificial insemination?
Visual changes in appearance after 6000 years away from earth
Can a culture/society develop without religion?
Is it possible to dodge bullets?
How can humans eventually become like Thor?
Could a race of bird people defend themselves against humans?
A mammalian equivalent of a pufferfish?
What prosthetics would be suitable for a rural aristocrat in history?
A few dozen Millennia after Yellowstone erupts, how close would a parking lot look to a natural Iron Vein?
How to make an entire westernised country go vegan?
axial tilts of 16, 28, and 75 on habitable planets
Britain wins Revolutionary war- how do they paint the enemy?
Selective EMP weapon
Is it possible to terraform the Moon and if so how soon?
What would be the implications of a new "hacking" branch of military?
Is it feasible to build a bomb big enough to destroy Pluto?
Could a cyborg catch a bullet?
What technology could I expect to exist in the year 3000 A.D.?
How quickly could a cyborg determine that a bullet has been fired from the sound alone?
Would we be able to determine if dinosaurs developed intelligence and wiped themselves out?
How to explain magic boost during celestial conjunction?
What makes a god a god?
Would it be possible to make a container that induces sleep?
What foliage would grow best on a terraformed Moon?
What would need to be true for the European continent to suffer from a catastrophic famine?
How could I maintain unofficial diplomatic relations?
Imagine a world where a drug that can greatly enchance IQ exist. Would it be legal?
How do i sell the last love potion?
Dark energy in a planet?
Are bullets slower than sound feasible in a high tech scenario?
Sonic Boom Effects on Human Anatomy
Stumped: What would replace 'names' in an alternate history?
At what scale would negative curvature be noticeable (and a nuisance to the flat space society)?
What explosives could a small island nation feasibly discover without metal?
Why Would Aliens Enslave Humans?
Ways to hide an elven city
How effective would an army of succubi have been in medieval times?
Colonizing a planet: how much food would we need to bring?
What could cause a difference in coloration between the hemispheres of a gas giant?
If hereditary superheroes were appearing, would muggles try to exterminate or profit off of them?
Can 2 telluric planets orbiting around each other exist?
Vocal hardware required for a single creature to communicate with any land animal?
Undetectable exoplanets
Tips for Improving a Fictional Map's Coastlines
Can atmospheric pressure aid in sealing a wound?
Tallest building possible by the Roman Empire
Local terraforming
Chitin+Hydrocarbons=Skeleton?
Is playing electronic music on a custom set of instruments a feasible way of live performance for a culture?
Childhood versions of sex hormones, Plausible?
Guidelines for designing a non-human sense of humor
Killer seeds for the sake of early plant growth
Could medieval atheist king end religious dominance?
What giant insects would fill the role of our domesticated cattle?
How would early astronomers prove the existence of a spherical firmanent around the Earth?
Criminal justice if people could live arbitrarily long lives
How could chocolate bunnies evolve?
How many "years without a summer" can society survive?
What would be the best unit system in a medieval heroic fantasy world?
Has the government done enough to re-integrate formerly demonically possessed people back into society?
Can there be a space age without petroleum (crude oil)?
How would increased gravity affect the mass of livestock?
Religious Medieval Setting which accepts strange stories
Without regular interaction, what time of year would diseases spread?
time-traveler's strategy
Creating a humanoid squid
Adaptive Civilizations Die Hard
Super-generic Fantasy World: The problem with Murder Hobos
How to take down a dragon?
Would an aircraft that uses assisted takeoff and water landing be realistic?
How could a biological loudspeaker work and naturally evolve?
Is it possible for humanity to face extinction at the hands of a pandemic?
Should people be able to know what disease(s) they may have in the future based on their genetics?
Drilling a tunnel into the core of Enceladus
Creating a ranged, paralyzing weapon
What may people do for gods?
What changes to a planet would be necessary to allow the realistic flight of a gryphon with a human rider?
Rocky core, internal ocean, ice crust, external ocean
Objects detectable only with blindsight
What is the longest something could hibernate?
Capital of British Empire without Britain
Arctic frog cryogenics
What ecosystems and possible sentient creatures would form in subterranean pockets?
Spaceship defenses against rail guns in scope of existing physics
Would a fat humanoid last longer in a famine?
Drilling a tunnel into the core of Mimas
Feasibility of ranged MRI devices
Use of infrasonic waves as vehicle security measures
New Approach to Exploiting Alien Technology's Weakness
Using chemosynthesis in mammals
Which crucial ore (deficit or abundance) could plausibly dramatically change modern-like civilization?
Living on a Giant Tree - Animals
Living on a Giant Tree - Resources
If earth had another moon and rings?
What inventions/technology would we have to create to achieve a Type I status on the Kardashev scale?
Bendable Construction Material
How would mankind “tame” wormholes enough to use them for travel?
How large would an artificial object need to be for us to detect it near Proxima Centauri
Living on a Giant Tree - Houses
Light speed comunications
Mystical Creatures living together
Mystical Creatures- Lycanthropes and Werewovles coexisting
What can god(s) be afraid of?
What effect would 2 Luna-like moons have on an Earth sized (and ecologically Earth-like) planet?
If music was crucial at wars?
What is the most secure way initiate a kinetic strike?
Keeping talisman makers from being overpowered?
Million year time capsule
Believing in non-existent beings
If Japan weren't an archipelago
Currency for my medieval game
Using a dense material to strip away some of Venus atmosphere
Could anyone with access to a nation's nuclear launch codes unilaterally fire nukes as they please?
Making a monowheel which isn't an instant suicide machine
What kind of society would allow magic that uses someone else's energy?
How can I make medieval folks addicted to food?
Designing an intelligent creature that originates from Europa
I'm wondering what a teleporting ship would look like coming above earth's atmosphere
How can we have dragon-sized butterflies?
Building a Giant Spider
Would a 2 thumbed hand increase grip significantly?
Would a base on the moon (military or otherwise) actually prove useful?
Weather effects of the Snakebot of Doom
How to have believable society where people are sorted into their roles?
How to make time travel beneficial?
A weapon(preferably hard scifi) that will limit velocity of space ships in a wide region temporarily
Could a post technological community survive without trees or animals
Could a human receive an eye transplant from other animals?
A believable (and not irritating) proto-language
How to make larger stars have a _longer_ lifespan?
Terraforming a low oxygen Earth-like planet
How would an independent, illegal and secret group of assassins accept assignments?
Professions For A Society
Currency for blind amphibious aliens
What are the situations where chaos and randomness is necessary evil in the society?
Preparing Digital Immortalization
What could be a valid reason for an entire section of a continent to remain unexplored and undiscovered, by the rest of the world in medieval times?
How high can a city be built on a mound in a flood plain?
How many generations does it take to fall back to the dark ages?
What are the limitations/expressive powers of my constructed proto-human like language?
What is a believeable type of lodging that people can rent in the medieval setting world?
How many people would have to be killed to make the streets 'run red with blood'?
How could a TINY Second Moon minimally affect Earth?
How can I hide my island?
What kind of damage would a thunder punch do?
Militant society without an enemy
What inventions/technologies would have to be created to achieve apotheosis?
Size of the universe, zipped
What would a country need to survive isolation?
Space weapons - Is a pulsed / beam hybrid mode weapons possible? And which particle makes sense?
What could cause the Earth to be so endangered that mankind needs to relocate to another system?
Is there psychological reason to design a red eyed creature?
What kind of culture and society could humanity develop with one sapient gender?
How can I have a caravan without camels?
Would a 4-dimensional being be able to see inside other people?
How to turn/ lead the purest and most strong willed people to the dark side or evil path?
How would a torus world (donut shaped) have to rotate in order to have a stable day / night cycle in all of its regions?
How to scientifically dim earth's sky by environmental means, without killing humanity
How hackable are Robots (drones)
What might happen to the animals in an aquarium in an apocalypse?
Is this circumbinary planet set up in a stable manner?
How do I track someone who wants to disappear using a submarine?
How could public key cryptography evolve in a biological system?
An environment where round beds are easier to build than rectangular
In a world where death isn't permanent, can being burned alive be made a less excruciating experience?
Primitive ant-like species and written language
What would be the consequences of a proto-human species that could generalize but not abstract well?
How do I recover an incoming Voyager 1 probe?
How would a giant marine snake-like creature survive?
What can I add to an oxygen/nitrogen atmosphere to make it unpalatable or poisonous to humans, yet stable and breathable to local creatures?
Freedom from the tyranny of gravity
Create a civilization out of our domesticated animals - The Dolittle plan
Star System/Galactic Map Creator?
Preventing access to my Peninsula
Boarding weapons in space
How bad would life have to be to resettle, even if safety is based on hearsay
How feasible would a civilization of carnivorous organisms that subsist off fish farming be?
Is a gas-mask as a spacesuit possible?
How much blood is needed to forge a sword?
How could a mountain range naturally form in a roughly clean, complete shape?
What is exclusive property of god?
With modern science and engineering, what is the tallest and thickest structurally sound wall we can make
How to invade a planet
How would someone destroy a dam in a world without explosives?
What if half the Earth was covered in lava?
How can I get a giant non-marine snake?
What primitive and gun-based weapons would non-human species develop?
Would prisons be the havens zombie media makes them out to be?
How to keep apartheid alive?
Military or Assassin training from early childhood
Confusing predators with reflected or refracted sunlight
How would someone from ancient times kill themselves without any weapons?
What would be a realistic militarization level for forsaken space colony?
Making a slow orbit around a large gas giant
Apocalypse design help. Is there any life-sustaining atmosphere which an atomic blast could ignite?
How might airships be made using 18th century technology?
Brain within a brain, plausible?
What Latent Threats Might there be with an Artificial Intelligence Government?
What if the Earth's axis was tilted 23.5 degrees in the other direction?
How does military rank structure affect position?
Exploring extraterrestrial oceans with submarines?
How would having weird eye lenses affect a species' ability to understand geometry?
What prevents a terrorist cell from shipping a bomb in a cargo container?
How big could an alien-made object on the far side of the moon become so that discovery still can only happen by accident?
Aerial battle of knights riding flying creatures... How would they fight?
Designing a solar system to resemble the TRAPPIST-1 system
What material to use for a near-future armoured spaceship?
How would time dilation by one character affect other characters in the same system?
Could planets be at relative rest with respect to each other (in a game universe)?
After the rocks fall
Can matter be super-compressed by a magnetic field
Nuclear power for nomads
How would the earth spinning in reverse affect cultural development?
How much explosive power does a missile need to destroy a 100km³ meteorite heading for Earth?
Would an animal with a sail like respiratory system be possible?
Building a city on top of, alongside and inside a coastal cliff
A government of the near future is trying to send a self-governing crew to populate an earth-like planet 100 years away
How fast can nanites work
Effect of Hot/Warm Jupiter atmosphere loss on Habitable Zone
Which legal procedures should be used to protect legitimacy of sortitition based deliberative democracy?
What would happen to stars and planets if the gravitational constant was 34 times weaker?
How can newborn babies survive without any adult human help in a new planet?
High energy density radioactive materials not commonly found on earth
Value of ancient artifacts
How would a minority of psychic humans survive in our modern society?
What is a Giant's Diet?
Could a world in which magic is the norm ever advance technologically?
Properties of fictional material for artificial skin
Could a robotic exoskeleton give humans Earth like movements on a high gravity planet?
Black hole in ice-cream truck?
Technologically advanced humanity without internet
Eternal seasons bind to geographical areas
Planets gravity and survivability
Aerial battle of knights riding flying creatures - preferred weapons for the warriors
Would we notice ridiculously healthy birds?
What evolutionary pressures would lead to being skilled at counting and basic arithmetic?
How would early and unlimited access to gunpowder change bronze age warfare and technology?
What would a Giant’s voice be like?
King John acting boldly and opening churches - would this work?
Full Recipe For an Alternate Composite Bow
How large of a creature can an exoskeleton support?
Distinguishing gluttony, greed and lust in their modern connotations?
Would large-scale, landowning farmers be able to run family farms?
How high and far could a person jump in lower gravity?
How Long Would It Take to Die In a Vacuum With Access to Oxygen?
Intelligent cats for ancient egypt
How to build a gun that shoots wet towels?
Aerial battle of knights riding flying creatures - how would their military formations be?
What would the star chart be like if earth had a ring?
Cauldron of Storms: Geography to create and isolate localized mega-storms
How do the properties of heat and fire work in Aristotelian (four elements) cosmology?
Suitable jobs in Ancient Rome for time travelers
Effect of two moons on wildlife
Refueling from stars
Would calibers be kept for reverse engineered weapons in a post apocalyptic setting?
Would it be possible to punch someone into space?
We're in the mountains. Where do we hide?
How do I justify viral zombies not dying out?
What can be a good strategic point in outer space
How to justify powerful magic items being for sale in a high-magic world?
When and how would a Dyson sphere civilization in a fantasy setting learn size and shape of the sphere?
Can you replace a sun with a burning moon?
Would a large, close-by, molten moon be able to support photosynthesis at night?
Creating a uncopyable physical key
Clothing in a society of beings with multiple personalities?
What night sky would look like on a generation ship?
What would some of the societal impacts of the advent of optical instruments be in a concave hollow earth?
How can a city protect itself from an invasion of knights riding flying creatures?
Crossbow or Harpoon?
What would an (tree person) Ent's voice be like?
What are some assumptions we could make about the linguistics of a civilization evolved from birds?
What is a good title (name prefix) for a class of society that serves as both a civil servant and clergy all in one?
Increased blood pressure reasonable?
Manufactured planetoid
How might a stone age agriculturalist who has never experienced significantly cold weather describe such cold?
How to survive being burned alive?
Is there a possibility for an AI to make the skee ball machine to act like cannons?
Detecting objects around other stars
Is FTL required for this kind of plot?
Moon orbit perpendicular to planet orbit - possible?
What economic effects would magically-enforced isolation have on the Victorian age British Empire?
Post-apocalypse currency
How to build the largest possible zeppelin with ancient tech?
How would plants develop and grow in a world where almost the entirety of the surface is stone?
How do I kill a giant mantis without using fire?
Best Northern Australia location for a colony in 1700
Which knowledge would be most likely to be lost if one needed to make back up of human knowledge in hurry?
Would mountains made of diamond erode?
How to make the era of airships last longer?
What is a possible organization in a cyberpunk setting that is equivalent to an adventurer guild in a fantasy setting?
Does Earth's direction of rotation affect day length?
Sky Color on a planet orbiting binary stars
How can I make sure there is only one direct descendent over a thousand years?
Would a large being cause tremors?
Alcubierre drives and intrasystem speed limits
What is the habitable zone around my star?
Technological complexity in a tribal setting?
Potential ecology of a magic hot spring?
Alchemy in a Steampunk setting
Swapping the sunny side of tidally locked planet
How to crash the earth into the sun?
Humanoid Race with Surpressed Myostatin Gene - Appearance?
What would make an earth-like planet have a solar eclipse everyday?
Draconic Creature externally getting electricity
What would cause governments to completely avoid maritime affairs?
Blood on Different Planet
Is the planet Sentia realistic?
Stable ringworld interactivity with other solar system objects
Ringworlds and habitability on other planets
Are there any benefits in joining OPEC?
Planet and Moon with life
How could soldiers from the 21st century AD convince a tribe of Amazons from the 13th century BC that they are NOT all-powerful wizards?
For some reason, humans no longer need to eat food, but it still tastes good. What happens to the food industry?
Food sources for engineered spaceborne life forms
Planet with two moons and rings? Is it possible?
What brain resources are needed per limb?
How to build a race which uses photosynthesis?
Noticing visitors to our galaxy
Stopping a cavalry charge by destroying the ground in front of it?
Formation of a planet with a mercury core
What if a portal is opened from the Mariana trench to the Sahara desert?
How long would civilisation take to bounce back after an apocalypse?
How can I make guns available, but not swords?
Economic and social roles of those without magic?
Do we need to match and couple humans manually in future to maintain gene pool of human beings?
If vaccines had never been invented, how many more people would have died of disease?
Mineral that explodes when cooling down
Other than magic, how can a cold-blooded race survive in an arctic climate?
What factors would allow this caninoid species to evolve successfully?
The sexy zombie outbreak
How Might I Design Mountains for My Tidally Locked Planet?
Making a lethal, hard to cure virus?
Would life on the edge of the Sagittarius Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy see the whole Milky Way in the night sky?
How would society be different if people could see the full range of the electromagnetic spectrum?
You emerge from a wormhole into a brand new star system, how long does it take to accurately map all orbital bodies?
Can a sonic screwdriver open doors?
Feasible Reason for a Naked World
Nomadic Tribe of Herders - Source of Carbs/Other Nutrients?
Where would be the most suitable place to build a capital for Earth-clone planet for modern society?
Martial arts warfare
Are there specific gems, or ways that gems specifically, interact with radiation?
How long does it take to build a city?
A humongous earth?
Update - How long does it take to build a Dallas-sized city?
Is an economy based on piracy possible?
Prehistoric messages to the future
How to realistically build a time machine?
How would blood magic affect renaissance era warfare?
"Night" sky between galaxies
Firing battleship main guns in an enclosed space
Communicating unknown length of time without measurements
Christianity never rises. Does the U.S. exist?
Reality Check: Low-Hanging Banyans
Valuable minerals near dormant volcanoes
Is this planet's atmosphere stable and reasonable, and anything to keep in mind for lifeforms living in it?
What would a martian bird look like?
Would it be possible to build a city out of only oxygen, silicon, aluminum and iron?
When traveling to an alternate Earth, how many generations would you have to breed with the natives to prevent inbreeding?
Is a long lasting volatile compound that ignites/explodes on contact realistic?
Is having a Pre-Human society worth it?
What place do biological entities have in an AI battlefield
Make aliens believe that you are not harmful
Creating wood actually as hard as granite
How can I find local stars that are 'gravitationally bound', i.e. moving together?
Is there a possible reason as to why all country borders would cease to change?
Copper, Silver and Gold coins value in a Medieval Age Economy?
Where would fire manipulation magic fit in a modern military
How can I explain rainforests in a world with little, localized rain?
Seasonal Changes
How can Bronze Age people make hazmat gear for chlorine trifluoride?
What will happen to an object placed between two portals facing each other
Would we be able to hear aliens talk?
How to keep unwanted visitors out?
Which would be the most likely outcome of a whole city where everyone living on it was a billionaire (with some extra conditions)?
Discovering an AI in a human body
Planet core question
How would a post-human civilization integrate a modern society?
Which wiki or any other software do you advice?
How deep can, historically or realistically, aqueducts and/or underground pipeline systems get?
How effective would a stone cannon be?
Industry for the districts in a Cyberpunk world
How would a very large, sentient spider communicate?
How would a very large, sapient spider communicate?
How much force would a pistol require to keep someone airborne?
How to create tides in a small sea?
What calendar or time cycle would an underground civilization use?
Murder against Murder
What would the cockpit design and ergonomics be of fighters designed by a caninoid race and how would they operate them?
In a slightly more scientifically advanced society. Would half human be discriminated
How far is the horizon on other planets?
Can a Vertebrate have an Assassin bug-like Proboscis?
Humanity’s first effort at moving a planet
Zero Gravity Evolution in People
Venus Transit during huge solar flare
Zero Gravity Evolution in People part 2
How to keep a military technology secret while using it?
An epidemic kills all plant-life on Earth. What would happen to the fauna? Is there some realistic time-line when happens what?
Is there any phenomenon that could result in a huge solar storm?
Solid material made from human blood
How magically increasing external muscle strength will influence common activities like running?
Outerspace telescopes
Would the US as a nation cease to exist if a nuclear terrorist attack struck it in 2018?
Could a genetically modified coral polyp be used as a pathogen?
Private Contractors or Mercenaries an alternative to Army or Soldiers?
Is it possible for a flat asteroid to form and have a civilization live on it?
If the moon were actually made of cheese, how long would it take to spoil?
Is it possible to create a Super Soldier based on the following ways?
Can Deserts and Plainslands be geographically close?
A government that expects assassinations
Can a moon cycle accelerate periodically?
What would be involved in generating an artificial magnetosphere for planet Mars?
What would a universe without relativity be like?
How could a government control magic users
Alternate universe: Possibility of a small country as the world's third super power
Could the entire world have been destroyed by the existing nuclear arsenal in 1962?
Why take over the galaxy?
How could an apocalypse kill off all adults -- leaving only those under the age of 18?
Which major foreign powers would likely send supplies, weapons and money to the various belligerents of a Second American Civil War?
A disease with an incubation time of 18 years kills all adults after its "timer" goes off. How can I keep it from affecting those under 18?
What are the implications of a post-apocalyptic society entirely populated by children and what might the aftermath be like?
How to convince my parents I am from the future?
What compounds would be required for a photosynthetic reaction resulting in flourine gas?
If the ocean vanished, how long and how badly would it stink?
Creating a “Zelda: Breath of the Wild”–style topographic map?
Shooting trillions of potatoes into the sun
Could a blade of a large grasslike plant stop the fall of an “ant man”?
Is this twin particle cannon feasible?
Is there an impact event scenario where vegetation could survive on the surface but humanity would not?
How can one convince someone from the past that one really can transmute elements at-will?
Dropping a Micro Black Hole into a Gas Giant
Is there an organism or chemical substance capable of petrifying humans?
Which kinds of food would no longer be available if plants stopped producing pollen?
Smallest Black Hole to 'heat' a Gas Giant
Why would a secret entrance be abandoned?
Could a society use bullets as money?
Virus within a virus: possible?
How do I make a server of a virtual world indestructible?
Why would all races simultaneously need to find new homeland
How would a medieval doctor identify a poison that was administered through a cut?
What is the energy requirement needed to make a Visser wormhole and what kind of civilisation on the Kardashev Scale could do this?
Can gamma radiation be used to generate electricity?
Using medieval technology, what methods can be used to determine longitude?
What would public opinion be on nukes if there were less than 100 in the world?
What would be the most efficient design for a ship that is propelled telekinetically
Initial conditions for a fluorine hellscape
How could a biologically engineered body dump toxins from the blood stream?
Economy without inflation
Quadrupedal species which can also walk bipedal and have hands
Abstract Graphics for indicating emotions
Air routes around a “hurricane eye” on a tidally locked planet
Is it possible to have a sun with visible phases or cycles?
What are some magic-based environmentally-friendly alternatives that can mirror our technology on Earth?
Max humanoid physical strength
Could knights navigate a dust storm?
Unusual ways to kill people with air manipulation
How to make weak legislature?
Can we make a Dividual with current technologies?
A post-apocalyptic industrial revolution
Can an infantry line ready hidden pikes during a cavalry charge fast enough to catch them during the charge?
What would a modern D&D village look like?
Artificially enhancing human DNA
Medieval society with (relatively) easily accessible mechanical power
Is it possible for a planet to orbit a binary system at the same speed as the stars themselves?
How to use sound to replace signage
How can a state culturally reinforce the euthanization of deformed children?
Create a disease that can easily be cured by adopting a custom from another culture
What are the consequences of a larger moon?
What is this bacteria producing that is so sickly yellow?
Could life develop in this ternary sytem?
Can you make silent lightning?
Would magical curses be more effective at curbing violent crimes than prison time or death penalty?
Who would want to control a weather controlling device?
Giant apes replacing elephants
How could a corporation become a sovereign state in two or three hundred years?
What factors would allow the species I designed evolve successfuly?
What would a Mermaid’s taste buds be like?
Could a modern man live in the past not to betray himself?
How to safely add pigments to inhalable smoke
Justifications for practicing capitalism in what's otherwise a world 2,000+ years post-scarcity?
How would widely available and effective sailing affect warfare in a medieval world?
Could a society use kilocalories for setting the base price of goods/services?
Would a man have any chance againt knife wielding woman?
How extreme can I make an altered solar cycle without destroying an inhabited world?
Are armored tigers good guardians in the case of a zombie outbreak?
Is there any way to tidally lock Earth to the Sun in its current state?
Planet Tidally-Locked to its star having eclipse day/night cycles?
Is it safe to grow and eat food on post-nuclear-war land?
What cataclysmic event would potentially block (or make it very difficult) access from one half of the continent to the other?
What kinds of plants could grow near crystals and in (mostly) crystal sands?
How exactly would this chronology protection for my FTL drive look like?
Evolution of a tree-based predator that threatens to kill/eat prey unless prey feeds it?
Evolution of communication system for dispersed pack to orginize their kill without other predators being drawn to the scene by the calls?
A River Runs Through It - The effects of a time dilation field on a body of running water
Can there be sexism towards women in a society where the main religion is based on a female messiah?
How to destroy magic without destroying whole world?
How small of a planet can sustain life as a desert planet?
What geotechnical conditions would force the use of crypts or catacombs for burial (vs. sticking coffins in the ground)?
Can a desert planet sustain human life?
Is a single stable planetary ecosystem even possible?
What would be the consequences of a world of floating/flying islands?
Why don't future civilizations develop their A.I. to integrate with biology so they can make a sustainable world?
Can man live on ostrich eggs alone?
Committing suicide by using paper sheet as blade
What would be the impacts on a town if the people did not need to eat or drink
Would it be realistic to hide a city in the United States?
Flaws of a technocratic society
Can a world government convince a modern public to support the creation of child soldiers?
A realistic option for enclosing a geographic area
Would it be possible to fire an explosive cannonball, similar to an artillery shell, using stone age technology?
Possible inconsistencies of lesser forest wyverns that camouflage/communicate by changing skin color/patterns
Keeping balance in an equal world
Is a Fire-Freeze Planet Possible?
Panhandle property history
Metainfomation that is more important than the infomation itself
Useful (late-)medieval Weapon against Iron Buildings?
The science of Dr Strange's magic shoes
What factors might create a habitable tidally locked desert planet around a G-type star?
Could the West coast of the United States ever have a greater population than the East coast?
What would happen to landfills if abandoned for many years?
How Effective Could we Expect a Subliminal Programming Facility to Brainwash People be in the Near-future?
Are bones generally harder to corrode than human skin?
Is a moon floating on the atmosphere of a gas giant possible?
What is necessary for a breathable artificial atmosphere?
How practical would a zombie horde actually be in medieval setting
How can a demon who feeds on sex survive in the modern world without exposing itself?
Time travel and random events
Metabolic Stasis and Longevity
How might an ancient culture have discovered germ theory?
Today's Nations Alliances
On what technology would futuristic non-lethal guns be based?
Is it possible to have a Society to evolve into a industrial age society without discovering gunpowder
How can a warm-blooded creature with external gills avoid heat loss in the sea?
Observing the age of the Universe when orbiting a black hole
Are there limitations to what kind of planet can be glassed?
Would Narcan (Naloxone) counteract the effects of an Epidural?
How feasible is this human subspecies: Skydancers
Delaying the development of aircraft
Would the capability for Japan to drop a nuclear bomb on the USA have deterred the USA from dropping a nuclear bomb on Japan?
Changing the emission spectrum of the human body
Restoring the current date based on ~100yr old sources
Smaller Planet But Similar Time Structure
Antarctic ice sheet melted and dumped into Atlantic ocean
Would introducing magical birth control into this society early in its history lead to a rigid, controlled society?
How feasible is this human subspecies: Slimes
How to refer to both humans and dwarves?
Method for determining manpower needed to crew a starship based on size
Would Congress have allowed Nixon to remain President if he'd covered up Watergate better?
On The Sustainable Use of Metal Transmutation
How long would it take these two languages present in a common area over a LONG period of time to merge?
Mass disease prevention: The feasibility of airborne vaccines
False flag operations and how they would occur
What are the feasible means of keeping a space station existing and operational for thousands of years?
Weather Patterns in a Pocket Dimension
How would you build a castle if you went back to medieval ages with current technology -- within limits?
Handling recoil of hand-held railguns
How to prevent the invention of crossbow in medieval setting?
Could a habitable tidally locked planet have a day and night cycle caused by the eccentricity of its orbit?
Reliability of Planetary Quarantine
In a major war what would happen to the internet?
What happens when the date becomes too long?
Is a very tall mountain in the middle of a desert hot and dry?
Effectiveness of Nuclear Fire in Space
Rivers flowing uphill
Linguistic diversity in the 21st century
Would ice ammunition work?
Would genetic enhancement lead to more women in the military as soldiers in active combat roles?
Blocking Solar Radiation with an Eclipse
Repeating Arbalest
What if there was no such thing as 'left' and 'right'?
Creating plants that do not rely on photosynthesis but still create oxygen
What gets lost in translation?
How does a species who cannot distinguish left from right build their cities?
I want to rule this world, how to build my army?
How to design tentacle massage machine?
For how long after an apocalypse would modern cars remain usable?
Why would people not settle an open plain?
Super metal and the construction of knight armor
Imperial capitals in the Crimea
Personal identification chip installation
Stock Exchanges with only 6 price changes a day?
Government sanctioned birth control
What are the consequences of using limited anti-gravity for steampunk-style airships?
Mecha exoskeletons for livestock
Does a hexagon-based bread loaf make any sense?
How can a world with an extremely thick, microbe-rich atmosphere avoid global warming problems?
Redneck Critters?
What are the specific effects of an EMP on electronics?
Is this a realistic creation story for a matriarchal society?
Would swimming dragons need wings?
Culture of family firms economy
What could be the cause of a disease that makes someone or something fall towards the sky?
What would it take to keep a large island in the East Pacific hidden?
How would a military staffed only with women be different?
Sword in the rock - make it last the ages
If the earth spun the other way, what would be different?
Living in a Giant Swamp - Construction
At the current technological advancement rate, how quickly would we be able to 3D print weapons on the battlefield?
Could someone stay unconscious for roughly twelve hours under a set of given conditions while in a desert environment?
Probing through wormholes
Adapting humans to a permanent 1.5g environment
What kind of effect would removing all species of mosquitoes or spiders have on the global ecosystem?
Would a civilization simplify their languages (eg:English) in order to let their citizens learn more easily?
Robots replacing human - in future
Can a hero survive many battles in a realistic medieval fantasy setting?
How could a climate-protection organization breed sapient, tool-developing cooperating Cephalopoda?
Plastic in Roman Concrete?
Super metal and the construction of knight weapons
Record-based currency
Retrograde rotation of a planet with orbital pattern in the opposite direction
Does a world with domestic flying creatures (eg: dragons) needs cars, planes and ships?
How can magical body art be used effectively to represent or designate social status?
What would be the conditions and causes that would make a planet not spherical?
How long would a car be expected to last?
What kind of tests scientists would do on someone with a power like "the force"?
How would a port city located on a river on the border defend itself?
Can a planet have half the orbit and rotation times of Earth?
What would a species require to be able to inherently transmit and receive radio waves?
It would be considered cannibalism if a humanoid-lizard eats other humanoids?
12th vs 21st century archers in a battle to death, who would survive?
Would humanity survive an empty Earth suddenly populated with young children?
Planet with everything laced with codeine
Could a wood transforming magic influence our ecosystem?
Would the size of someone determine how warm or cold they are?
Could an underground nuclear test create a volcano?
Language Creation and Development as a Result of Unification
How to create an earth-like world that's largely desert?
Excuses to move my "space city" to an aerostat?
How could cowboys and settlers in the 1880s slay a dragon?
Would an avian-style jetpack be advantageous?
Are there any impossible tasks, if every human's ability to concentrate gets halved?
How many giants are needed to pull this sleigh?
Can we make lightning strike a certain person?
What can I call my every day customs?
Quantum containment for nuclear explosive bullets
Would creatures, evolved to tolerate the consequences of mouth breathing, be able to gain more oxygen?
The Science behind X-COM: Plasma Rifles
Would 4 day 36 hour work week be highly detrimental to the economy of my country?
Dermott's Law and Major Moons
How could a group of poorly treated people make an earth-like colony in space?
Breaking the T - An Inversion of the classic Crossing the T
What's the largest body in the solar system that you could destroy without endangering humanity?
Provinces, what are their practical purposes?
Could human bone act as effective natural armor?
A planet with all of its water underground
How do we close a demon portal that is spawning hundreds of minions?
Pre-industrial Carnivorous Medicine?
Calculating the solar spectrum received by a planet
Explaining undeath in a setting where Life and the Life Cycle is proven
Phonosynthesis - ecosystem where "plants" extract energy from sound, not light
How would two moons work on a planet?
Prolonging Life Through Rapid Travel (invoking Special Relativity)
Lifespan of green plant and its probably mutation
Bound for life humanoids
Science: Gravity on two bodies
Mobile phone with tower independent long distance communication features
How could I contain plasma for use in weapons?
Is there a real life substance like movie acid?
What temperatures could I expect to find on a world with a 9 year day?
How big a population can the solar system support considering only power and living space?
How would a large Space battleship be powered?
War eagles, feasible?
If the Egyptians Used Mushrooms to Invent Leather
Could a joke be funny enough to kill?
What would be the consequences of breaking an intergalactic 'rules of war' treaty?
How do I use late Victorian mad-science to tame lost world megafauna?
Polynesian technology with alternative resources
Leg powered propeller for boat in Punic war time
How much mass does a human need to live a satisfying life?
How would people be able to harness a power permanently from a temporary power-giving artifact?
Human colony on distant planet system with very short day-night cycles
What would be the best way for Human Colonists to beat Shape-Shifting reptiles?
How to verify or establish identity where shapeshifters exist
Can an android be "immune" to electromagnetic forces?
If vampires existed in modern society, how could they not be well known by science and the public
How can the American government legalize a program that implants microchips into convicts in order to curb prison violence and future crimes?
Can Genetic Engineering Overcome Inbreeding (homozygosity) Among a Ruling Family Indefinitely?
Would it be plausible to have a Machine that generates storms? (No Magic)
Plausible way to send a moon crashing into the planet it's orbiting?
Can I engineer a lighter bone structure?
Could life exist in a universe, in which the roles of "stars" and interstellar space were reversed?
Prolonging life through vibrating near light speed?
Can you remove the scent from a person?
Can underwater Atlanteans make explosives without coming onto dry land?
Could a motorcycle cause enough pollution to harm a world?
Steam power in canister form?
Would it be possible to colonize a solar system, in which time in terms of entropy is reversed?
Steam powered airships
Realistic 3D vision in our usual space-time
A relatively relativity-safe FTL
How would a huge sexual dimorphism and a short male lifetime of sapient celaphopods affect their society?
How to calculate solar energy produced by a space station?
Captured Earth-Like Moons around Gas Giants
Could humans survive on an alien generation ship?
Ark's Scutinphora
Would humankind remain the dominant species in a world with twice as big animals?
Effects of regular prolonged eclipses on environment
How could you make a fire appear a different color with medieval tech?
Bats With Pterosaur Wings
Why wouldn't a human colony that lost its technology mine for metals or use electricity?
Would humankind be today's dominant species, if all animals turned twice as big 2000 years ago?
Effects of powerful superconducting rings on humans?
What would be the consequences of a total technological progress halt during the late middle ages in a fantasy world?
How do you kill a kraken with medieval technology?
What if an Earth-like planet had rings?
Can ice be used as a practical weapon in late medieval times?
Emotional caveats in a magic system?
Funding custom weapon development in a friendly foreign country?
Paleozoic marine creatures are now in contemporary sea. What will happen?
Conditions to make giant storm
What land animal a large pack of trained war dogs can't kill?
Genetic structure of a trait with six discrete phenotypes
At what minimal technological level would the inhabitants of a binary planet system need to be to communicate with each other effectively?
How would Earth respond to a lunar threat?
How to remove most signs of past civilizations without destroying all life?
With minimal terraforming, what features/structures would need to be built to protect a 25mi radius city from wind?
How to make a slow but powerful futuristic bow and arrow
Avoiding Violation of Causality with Stable Wormholes
How to not get caught milking the stock market with a time machine
Gorilla + Orangutan = The Best of Both Worlds
How would a girl that has never encountered the concept of pregnancy react to giving birth?
How much available matter in the solar system?
Genetic diversity in an interstellar society
The westbird. Could this exist?
Sovereign State of Zombie-Apocalypse
What realistic way could limit an FTL drive to only travelling between stars?
What material for a super-speed suit?
Would there be a plausible strategy to take as POW high percentage of army with high morale?
Psychological and sociological effects of long-term solitude in space
What precautions would a space navy crew take when co-operating with an enemy android?
Polearm problem: how to give a chance to swords with a rock paper scissor situation?
How to live underground for 1000 years?
How to defend against bad drivers and alien threats in a slower than light transportation scenario
How to replenish an aristocracy?
Justifications for a language learned via magical transference?
Man-powered spacecraft for sport
What might cause (physically) large predatory birds to form large (in terms of numbers) flocks?
Tides on a double planet
How advanced could a civilization get without electricity and explosives?
How to control alcohol consumption in my country?
Can our orbit support a second planetary mass
How would life on Earth change if Earth unexpectedly entered an eternal never ending night?
The Metal Planet and the Butterfly
How to expose a shapeshifting alien
What kind of stellar core or degenerate material would be needed to create a survivable explosion?
Immortal bacteria apocalypse
How to remove anonymity from a memory-distorting individual?
Real-life substance that causes humans to behave similar to Zombies
Gravity 10 km below surface
Would it be possible to use antimatter confined by magnets as a bomb? What effect would this have on an Earthlike planet?
Everybody over the age of 15 suddenly dies, what happens?
How can I weaponize solar flares?
Is this atmospheric composition breathable, and what would it look like?
How strong could a dirty mercenary army be?
Dark energy/matter warp drive not to be confused with Negative matter drive
What would an Alternate North America, where Native Americans and Europeans assimilated in a more civil way, look like?
What would happen if an object on Earth has an equal or greater gravitational force than the Earth?
What would be the result of first generation, human-intelligent falcons?
How could you kill a giant winged turtle like monster with medieval tech?
World Map - How can I tell if the Ecosystems are realistic?
How could a civilisation develop in a desert with little water and food
Believable ways for a character to discover a code
Dyson sphere with mirrors
Biological processes to convert metal into not-metal?
Radiation from binary star systems and how that would affect a planet orbiting both stars
Could extreme climate zones exist next to each other?
How far can blood spray?
What advantages would cyborgs have over humans?
Would aliens with different visual perception be able to read our screens?
How many humans do you need to maintain a population indefinitely?
Gravitational lenses for focusing giant lasers
What's a good method for generating an artificial gravity field for both the exterior and interior surfaces of a hollowed asteroid?
Creating a living currency
Massive, Rapid, Unlimited Global Warming
Zombies and how they would stack up against an army
Why would anyone consider terraforming Mars, considering it can't hold onto water vapour?
How could a planet have plate tectonics but zero or weak earthquakes?
What are the energy requirements of moving some of Venus' atmosphere to Mars?
How big were medieval cities?
Advanced alien insect long range communication
Could Fluorine from plasma impart further damage?
How would air pressure gradients be affected by controlled gravity?
Is this kind of lifeforms and ecosystem on Enceladus plausible?
What Earth animals would be the most logical candidate for uplifting in a science fiction world?
How to figure out someone is plagiarizing the future?
How Many People Per Dam Arcology?
How many thermonuclear bombs needed to make a hole from the surface to the Mantle of a planet that is the same size as planet Earth?
Could a self-aware bacterial supercomputer start its own ecosystem?
The nynphomaniac disease
What are the effects of generating ice from water vapor on a large scale?
Advantages of human view with spectral analysis capability
How could humans defeat or survive a creature that adapts every time it dies?
Could burning debris keep burning in space?
How to create a seawall with medieval technology?
Oceanic Hostage Negotiation
Undercover agency hideout
How to protect toroidal plasma against air-resistance?
What would happen in the long term to man-made structures if the Earth was overrun by zombies?
Which businesses/industries can easily and efficiently launder money?
How do you achieve the agricultural revolution without agriculture?
Pressure needed to blow up a lung
If every kind of product is monopolized by just one company (per product type), which would be the most influencial?
How deep must a submarine dive to avoid megastorms?
Is it feasible to have a job where people work at a power plant pulling ropes to generate electricity?
Where is the safest place to be in a zombie Apocalypse
Arbitrary criteria for megastructures?
Are these conditions for a planet realistic?
Are un-populated areas on a continent with countries at least a thousand years old possible?
Two-stage fusion propulsion
Boats from space in planetary invasion
Widespread propaganda in a fantasy medieval setting
What would be the possible issues with an IQ based voting system
If wyvern like creature evolved naturally what would its ideal habitat be?
How much food does a wyvern need in a day?
What would be the effects of a system where children of uneducated parents won't be allowed to study?
Could two populations maintain a common language over hundreds of years following sudden isolation?
Dimensions of a large medieval city
Hiding runic trap in a house
How would human society change if everyone had superpowered flatulence?
Sound distortion with steampunk tech?
Medieval city with extreme size and population
Meritocracy where votes and tax status are determined by qualifications
What are the priorities to colonize a new piece of land?
What makes the sharpness of a weapon?
Can a planet with a very long day/night harbor life such as Earth?
Determining "scale height" for fictitious planet
Climate effects caused by two orbiting sources of hot and cold radiation
shared measurement units
How physically small can human intelligence get?
Is it possible for a planet to become moon of a gas giant and sustain life as is?
Could this villainous urban development scheme be easily detected?
What natural phenomena could make an island unreachable?
Economic systems for micronations in space
Appearance and effects of a 200 mt fusion bomb explosion on the moon
Can I detect one ship arriving in an otherwise abandoned solar system?
Rideable mountain climbing mammal
How can Nebulae be harvested?
Could humans colonize this planet?
Meta-Energy: Plausible?
What could possibly cause the near-extinction of a spacefaring Human race?
What evolutionary history supports sapient felines?
How long does an era last? What are the key factors in moving on?
No color charged gluons
From scratch measurement units
If a person does not age can their hair and nails still grow?
What are some ways to covertly administer poisons?
How to make ice magic possible?
What to do as a society if obliterated by sight of humans?
What Natural Forces could Make Intelligence/Technology a Disadvantage or at Least Inferior to Something Else?
Is it possible for a spheromak to maintain itself at high speeds under atmospheric conditions?
How to limit a magical physics power?
Does a space opera have to feature supernatural abilities, à la the Force?
Underwater acoustic muffling/dampening and sonar evasion. Is a stealth torpedo possible?
Color of the sky
How realistic are ice plants?
A poison that only works if you know it is there
Is it possible to genetically modify people so that they felt more pleasure without drugs?
Fusion by collision?
Realistically overcoming point defenses with starfighters and their role in combat
How to efficiently deorbit space junk
Zombie killing structure that's easy to construct, durable and low maintenance?
In a post-modern world, can meeting new people mean preference over local communities and/or families?
Materials for an ancient hot air balloon
What would happen if a planet was surrounded by an unusually large amount of dark matter/energy?
Time for conquered countries to accept a new religion
How long before humans become tribal in post-apocalyptic world?
Economic system to support Kessler Remediators, with maximum drama
Would the rock formations in the giant's causeway scale?
Climate disturbance after flying islands appeared in the sky?
Acceptable time count
Make majority of a planet's deep ocean non-navigable by 16-17th century technology
Pumping blood turned into power
Self Cooling Solar Powered Bottle
What traits or behaviors would favor female warriors over males?
How to most effectively use a dragon using medieval level technology?
Futuristic alternative for showering/bathing
Natural environment to force evolution to Immortality
The Moon has a magnetic field instead of the Earth; what are the changes in navigation?
What would be the positive and negative traits of a total matter to energy conversion drive?
Underground Terrain Types / Biomes / Agriculture
How to stop an asteroid from hitting Earth without nukes?
An Anglo-Greek Language?
Space Age without Enlightenment?
Making freezer arrows using endothermic reactions
How can magic wielding nuns be used effectively in war?
If Earth's Core Had Mercury's Super Core
Dream-based Missions
How to communicate with an A.I. that doesn't believe it needs a language
Electroreception for human beings
Feasibility of poisonous soft bullet
Feasibility of an insect sting weapon
What practices can a future human society employ to ensure that the number of "men of virtue" can increase over time?
Could I control plasma from a distance?
What's the feasibility of using the earth as a generation ship
How many zombies will it take - climbing a pole
How would an astronaut conclude he's on Earth, but 600 million years in the future?
Is it possible for a biped, humanoid, digitigrade species/race to be able kick, and why or why not?
Geography of a Super Venus
How long can New York City sustain the Snakebot of Doom's hunger for Iron and steel?
Is Poison Resistance Over Time with Anti-Toxin Possible?
Creating a shield with air?
Alternatives to time travel
Would a warlike species have an interest in art?
what are the chances of a ring surviving in an explosion
What would pressure belts look like on a world with continuous land?
Mind controlling device - how to go on making one?
Parasitic plant concept/other parasite
Balance between superintelligent AI and human race
Arguments against robot soldiers in future wars
Could crows be used to carry messages or does that sound dumb?
Ensuring an endless war, and an endless stalemate
How will US government and other institutions react if all public leaders are compromised?
Please help me calculate acceptable planet sizes & eclipse shadows cast by my binary planet system
Which real culture would best match this hunter wolf-people society?
Carbonation... in Space?
Could a habitat ring be spun-up and stabilized by electromagnets?
2.5x atmospheric pressure + 25% atmospheric oxygen saturation level =?
Creating a viable/stable Alderson disk
Could a liquid paralyzing agent be absorbed through the skin, when delivered like a paintball?
Population Decline Solution
Earth-like planet the size of Callisto with Io-like moon. Plausible?
A branch-mimicking snake?
What's the most damage I can do to a nation through only killing one person?
How feasible is a 3-way war?
How would a neutron star affect the habitability of planets orbiting a companion star?
How long would it take to build a spaceship?
The feasibility of arctic metal workers
Grass on planets with very huge forests
Silica Aerogel maze
Would bigger space war ships be actually better or not?
What are the consequences of completely banning fire and burning stuff?
Climate conditions and/or atmospheric changes required for the Everboom
Could a plant grow on a restrained, living human?
How long could the organic components of part-mechanical, part-biological beings last if said beings didn't naturally eat food?
Reliable Source of Heat for Underwater Society?
Is religious fanaticism a neccessity in a world where faith literally serves as a shield?
How big does a 2D maze need to be to take two centuries to fully map it?
Lasting power structure in a city of monsters
How would a planet react to a sudden weakening of its sun?
How far can a civilization technologically grow beyond others?
Destruction of a capital world
What would be the most valuable function of a smartphone in a medieval setting?
How much more dangerous is an enemy that (literally) can't feel pain or fear?
Could an accidental fire in a modern city without another disaster at the same time burn down the entire city?
What is the best way to design a punishment for men for introducing original sin into humanity?
Does anybody know tools for custom time measurement/calendars?
Containing a teleporter in a forcefield
Changes to Human Anatomy In High Gravity Through Evolution
How would Zeus throw thunderbolts if Zeus were actually using technology?
Colonization via artificial wombs and AI?
Which minerals are needed to make a sustainable medieval country?
Can a Horde be used to classify a sociopolitical group?
The Palladium Skyscraper Skeleton
Terminology for reproduction via co-opting other species' gametes/embryos
Multiverse Premier League
Is there a reason why a country would only use open negotiations?
Can a human be used as a living bee hive or ant hill?
What control method would make controlling a giant humanoid robot ridiculously easy for a complete novice?
How could I justify Medieval Stasis?
What unique ecology could emerge on an alien world where half of organisms were Organic, and half were Silicon-based?
What kind of Apocalypse might make a planet unrecognizable within a few centuries?
What factors, in the future, could lead to a dystopia in which precious metals and gems have no value?
How long would it take for cooperating insects to transport a grape-sized rock from Finland to South Africa, in an efficient way?
Common pattern by which species come to name their home planets?
What would be a reasonable amount of time needed for some arthropod to evolve into megafauna, given the right evolutionary pressures?
What could cause alien civilizations to be stranded on earth?
Rainfall - poles versus hadley cells
Would the Earth still need a moon if it had rings?
How Could an Alien or Superhero Increase and Decrease Their Hearing at Will?
19th Century army standing against a Modern Army
How would the 20 most powerful Earth governments react to aliens fuzing Mercury and Venus with Mars, then cooling, terraforming, and colonizing it?
A humane way to hold a group of elemental manipulators prisoner
Can a star change color periodically by high orbital speed?
How would vision be distorted if gravity was 178 000 times higher on earth's surface?
What are the design implications on firearms when they will be used by a race without opposable thumbs?
Sabotaging a planetary blockade
Plausibility of Larry Niven's "variable sword"
What is the optimal circadian rhythm?
Geological Processes Without Internal Heat?
Can time move faster on another world
What would an efficient swimming creature in magma be like?
Sabotage of Biosphere after Doomsday Event
Problem for advanced mathematics?
How to measure projectile speed in Antiquity and Medieval times?
How could a goblin ingest explosives and run, without the explosives getting into the digestive tract?
How could Three People End a War without Violence?
Using liquefaction of gases to make an habitable dome
Disposable/reabsorbed organic body armor in altered humans
How would intravenous collars/bracelets be best administered?
What parameters are necessary to generate a plausible star in line with a spectral classification?
Is there a difference between an infinitely large spherical world and an infinite flat world?
How long is a solar-solar eclipse in a Binary Star System?
How would warfare change in a future with perfect software-executed aim and perfect surveillance?
How can you explain a concept that resembles magic, but with science?
What would happen if the brain disappeared only for microseconds in a human being?
How would eyes, pupils and camouflage evolve if the sun was stationary near the horizon?
Keeping unelectable opposition on life-support?
Scientific Accuracy - How could Homo Sapiens effectively communicate with this aquatic alien?
What circumstances would necessitate an international "Supernatural Police" organisation?
How to make rich have more children?
You are alone on Earth. You are immortal. You are tasked to destroy all traces of civilization as quick as possible. What do you do?
How far off coast is land visible and how long to reach it in 15th century ship?
Feeding the griffin: Determining approximate food requirements for mythical creatures?
If humans evolved from predators?
What if humans evolved from herbivores?
Plausible? Industrial Technology is forbidden, rulers are not allowed to use magic, and court mages are responsible for keeping magic in check
What influence would a race of human gods with a lifespan in the tens of thousands of years and devoted to order have on human society?
How could an insectoid race communicate with humans?
Can we manipulate the Sun, gas and ice giants to create more habitable planets and extend the life of our sun?
Which protein is more efficient at oxygen extraction for an AIR BREATHING aquatic species? Haemoglobin or Haemocyanin?
Economic super power with little political clout?
Winning the popular vote?
Realistic 'hacks' that programmer may exploit in a brand new FTL comm system that was not securely written?
How to calculate the solar day from sidereal day and sidereal orbital period?
A Non-Iron Elvish Steel
Would Aliens Look Like Humans, or Totally Different?
What would the likely color of an exoplanet's plants be depending on the combination of atmosphere & parent star?
Why would society not cremate its dead in a world where necromancy is possible?
How large could atmosphere-preserving balloon-organisms be on an alien moon?
How deep would the ocean be if continents all eroded away?
What kind of Superpowers can Cybernetics give without an imaginary power source?
Dispersed Empire, Homogeneous Culture?
Keeping a world with necromancy from overpopulation
Possible Long Term Effects of Frequent Teleportation
What is the range of lava/magma viscosity on exoplanets; what conditions would have the least viscous lava lakes?
How would a sapient species with a copper allergy develop metallurgy?
Freelance detectives
Why do dwarves usually live in mountains?
Extraterrestrial fermi paradox compendium
How would a magic user whose magic requires them to enter a dream-state defend themselves?
What type of weaponry with the minimal amount of force would be appropriate to kill and subdue a superhuman?
Disabling a spaceship while leaving it repairable?
How would a superhero who needs to fall asleep to use his powers fall asleep during battle?
What are the main dangers to a new hacker crew?
Jobs in a post-scarcity society
Propulsion for destinations within the solar system that only takes hours (or less), not days, or months?
Surveying fossil fuel deposits from the air
Is there a scientifically valid explanation for a circle of islands?
Create a status quo between two fantasy medieval powers
How would quantum computers be safely released to the world?
What kind of leg injury would slow someone down without crippling them too much?
Why is a secret organization creating truly anonymous people online?
How would large animals and large plants adapt to frequent hurricane weather?
What kind of Ice Age would cause an apocalypse?
Technology that steals memories
What would a race of angelic humanoids eat?
Is it plausible that Venus was once swampy and reasonably habitable to Earth-like beings?
How to do Socialism/Redistribution of wealth in a dystopic cyberpunk city?
Is it possible to make high voltage cables hard to detect?
Visualizing entering the Internet, Neuromancer-style
No Taxes Government
How might a roughly medieval healer detect lead levels in blood?
Does it make sense to have a world with a very quickly orbiting moon?
Cities of a civilization of sentients capable of natural flight?
Is planetary drill possible?
If Earth was tidally locked to the sun, where on the surface would the climate be mildest or most hospitable?
How can you prevent the soul of a dead individual from becoming trapped in the world of the living?
Shark vs. Sea Turtle--Who Has the Better Odds of Being Whale-Sized Planktivores?
How would human anatomy differ if humans almost always had 2-4 children at a time?
What Adaptation Would Make An Octopus Live Longer?
Would ultrasonic nasal communication work? (*De facto* telepathy.)
How to preserve a servant zombie
How can I use magic to make this change in human reproduction feasible without hurting genetic diversity?
What would an organ linking the nervous systems of two people look like?
Deep Space bomber - Best bomb against Interstellar warship that is kilometers long in size
The noticeability of intelligent animals
Can stone be "recycled" by melting and cooling it?
How can an organization keep prisoners secured who can escape by death and resurrection?
Helping organic farms
Would female humans have more breasts if they had bigger litters?
Is it possible to have hot desert polar regions and an icy equator?
How could a Desert planet have an atmosphere?
In a medieval setting, where would large amounts of food be stored?
How to abduct humans from a planet?
How would Martians speak English?
Can crime still exist if mages can see the past?
Obviously Artificial: Theoretically possible but realistically improbable celestial objects
Hypothetical Terrestrial Moon Atmospheric Composition Validation
Obtaining past winning lottery numbers
Tactics in a Sci-Fi space battle (Battle of Terra)
Spherical shape Galaxy - Is it possible or not?
The all knowing, the magnificent
How to blow up an alien skyscraper?
Magic of the Three Gods (Fire, Lightning, Ice)
Ant people polymorphism ( Queen )
What will happen if the Earth's core became cold?
Hiding immortality
Can multiple intelligent species coexist?
How could a low-quality, light armored but motivated army defeat a better army, battling in the mud?
The color of breathable planetary atmospheres
Making political system that encourages extremist parties?
How do I get a society that is very isolated but doesn't lose much because of it?
How can I find out the length of seasons and solar year on this planet?
The three parts of the Wiccan Gods?
Could there exist a non-addictive drug giving the same pleasure as heroin?
How much the world would change if room-temperature superconductivity is dicovered?
Gravitational observatories vs. teleporting aliens
Relationship Between Eye Color and Color of Sun
Backyard Space Transportation
How do I have a Dictatorship keep its dictator out of international headlines?
Is it viable to wall modern cities against "zombies"?
How can you punish someone without causing suffering?
A realistic explanation of a typical Plague-inc "infect everyone before you start killing them" strategy
How many people could I transport on a spaceship?
Possible to create and attach extra body parts to a human (e.g. wings)?
3D Printer / Replicator : Raw Materials and Distribution Cables
Could a star hold up to 16 planets?
How would an isolated village in low magic setting develop an economy beyond bartering?
Could active sensors be used to learn more about a spacecraft's systems?
Deep space covert operations - covering up a covert operation
Would an object float in mid air at the center of mass of a planet
In a world where two enormous cities are built one on top of the other, what would weather be like in between?
Plausible reasons for use of combat drones instead of missiles (kamikaze drones) in space combat?
Would Angels be able to dye their wings?
Is it practical to wear less armor (but magical enhanced) and how it should be?
How do I destroy a voodoo doll?
How could a planet have zero surface caves?
What kind of characteristics do flora and fauna need to thrive in a polar environment?
On a world with differently sized humans, how do I keep wages fair?
How would a new species of homo replace humans in my world?
Is there a possibility for an AI to download someone's brain via USB stick?
How does "growing up" in a robotic species work?
How would purely underground settlements find and trade with each other?
How advanced can Weapons technology get without gunpowder?
How can magic be used as a form of genetic engineering in a pre-industrial world?
How long would it take for an independent group of space settlers to take over a planet?
What kind of weapons should be sent up with space colonists?
How long would it take for animals, plants, and insects to die off during nuclear winter?
What features might a wind-powered ship designed for travel over sand have?
Planet of constant environment, negating need for human evolution into races?
Stellar Compression in Dyson Sphere
Could a super volcano cause ragnarok like events?
Can a galactic center be my sun?
Something similar to immortality
What container can one use to keep various liquids or substances that can then be thrown in combat?
Scientific Accuracy - How can we make an alien brain more 'efficient' than a human's?
Minimum land to support six person
How to know if its really god?
How to organize crime?
What effects would an atmosphere with the following composition and pressure have on humans? on the environment? what color would the sky be?
Is there any Rubber/Latex source that could have been used by Europeans prior to the discovery of the Americas?
Could I manipulate gravity to make my spaceship move?
Orbital configuration for a stellar beacon
Student hating each student without hating too much?
Do aliens use toothbrushes?
Plant and Animal Life in a Taller Tibet--Possible or Not?
Engaging your warp drive while underwater
Can estrogen be used to lower the criminal rate of a civilization?
How to efficiently protect a city from constant snowstorms?
Planet with high atmospheric air density: problems with dry air mostly composed of Krypton gas
Possible human infantry weaponry 200 years from now
How to reconcile the power of a firearm with other non projectile weaponry?
Could I fake a dead human body?
A World with Freshwater Oceans?
What environment would be required for a species that communicates through electrodes?
World with core of changing mass, gravitational effect on tides?
How would a half-steppeland, half-desert kingdom with only a single river function?
How would the entrance to a wormhole move through space?
Creating own universe/dimension/realm. As scientific as possible
How could you accidentally cause a global blackout?
On a planet with fluctuating gravity, how would animals evolve?
How would a biologically advanced race without technology leave their planet?
Landships on a Snowball Earth?
Would a species that migrates across the globe discover its roundness sooner?
How do I make a new and interesting type of "Zombie" creature?
Pure vacuum zero-g spaceship design
Anatomically Correct Huddle
How could repeated exposure to another person's DNA be dangerous for a person
Existence of clerics when god walks on earth
What would it take for humans to live comfortably in 3g?
Need a name and statistics for a mental illness
Could time dilation cause unwanted structural effects?
If Earth's core gained and lost mass, what would eventually happen to the plates?
Fundamental keys to a stable loyal military
Reasons for leaving rich country?
Almost tidally locked to moon and the tides it would create
How to increase the efficiency of lungs
What are some realistic trade goods in a sci-fi setting?
Ways to prove magic to the entire modern world?
Can humanity peacefully coexist with this type of ghosts?
What would be the effects of raising all children with step-parents?
How to monetize free energy without revealing its existence?
On the effects of a country near-completely isolating itself due to neutrality
What would happen to a man-made orbital ring/belt, if a portion of it was destroyed?
Would decreasing the diameter of an orbital ring create artificial gravity?
Could Wasps and Ants reach the stone age?
How to design genetically advanced humans
Terrestrial Moon Atmospheric Composition Validation
World with core of fluctuating mass, phenotypic differentiation during gestation?
Would total reliance on Solar and Wind energy sources lead to climate change?
Could prehistoric humans colonise a planet with no land bridges between continents?
Could a species evolve a special organ that stores pure energy & allows it to control its own magnetic field?
If true artificially intelligent robots could be built, would they be allowed human rights?
What would the implications of a landlocked island be?
Getting large amounts of water to the Australian outback
Would a world be way better if hell and heaven proved their existence?
How would 'nanobot' magic influence society
How would an armed group or army use natural calamities against their enemy?
In a post-nuclear apocalypse, what's the largest settlement that could survive for more than a year?
Could a plant lure humans in by using 'sex pheromones'?
Could the males of a primarily monogamous alien species have antlers?
How do I make my alien species be able to handle molecules of either chirality?
How would humans deal with living in an environment with dinosaurs?
How can world governments regulate the use of super powered creatures?
The Physiology of people living on a world with 9 year days
Does this summary make sense?
What would be the major drawback of machines with artificial morality?
What would be the rules of hippogriff races in a society of magic users
Medieval political hierarchy with an elite 4 counsel elected based on score points
Multi-purpose Fictional Chemical Element Needed
What circumstance would produce a society filled with parents willing to let the children be exposed to life-threatening Danger?
Medieval political hierarchy with an elite 4 counsel elected based on score points - Part 2
How would one go about making a star map for a planet that is within 50 ly of Earth?
What can temporarily disrupt Earth's magnetosphere?
Given our current knowledge of exoplanets, approximately how many planets have earth-like gravity in a galaxy the size of the Milky Way?
What would make the gatekeepers of life and death of humans wipe out the species?
Medieval political hierarchy with an elite 4 counsel elected based on score points - Part 3
What would a life be like if humans had to keep moving around a constant path, at a constant rate around the planet?
How would lifeforms adapt to a planet with compressional features?
How can a Malign Government Dispose of "Lone Wolves" / Survivalist Communities Following a Doomsday Scenario?
Off-planet energy production - what would be best way to supply this energy planetside?
In a world where women have an yearly menstrual cycle, what would the marital life be like?
The reliability of using pheromones as communication and control?
How to make shape-shifting robotic creatures?
Multi planet and moon orbit exchanges
What are some relatively detailed programs or resources for simulating planet-wide evolution?
Would high fertility rate among the rich crowd out commoners?
What would be a plausible evolutionary path for a species of marine primate?
Can there be a country that favors girl babies?
What could cause human females to have an yearly menstrual cycle in the future?
How could the intelligence of elephants be raised to a level closer to that of humans?
Preventing the dispersion of a particle-beam behind the target
How to bring undead back to real life?
What would a language spoken by caninoids sound like?
Could time flow differently​ in full-immersion virtual realities?
What are the requirements for an "apex" herbivore?
How could a creature/species evolve erogenous zones in areas not usually sex-related?
Is easier-speaking/thinking-with-yourself-ability an advantage in life?
To what extent is maturation of the adolescent brain a matter of time versus experience?
Would it be possible to use geothermal energy on mars?
What are the most essential social roles for a society to function?
How can a space station prevent docked ships from irradiating each other or the station?
What are modes of instantaneous travel as alternatives to matter-to-energy transport?
Would naturally grown kevlar be possible
Weapon design: a conceivable superheated sword capable of cutting through most things
Controllability of this linear particle accelerator
Poison that disappears after it kills
Is an organism with both animal-like traits and plant-like traits scientifically possible?
Technology with a 4th spatial dimension
How could the planet Jupiter be flung out of the Solar System
What dangerous side effects might occur when using a bubble of spacetime to enter hyperspace?
How would US Presidential elections be affected if voters could choose the state their vote for President was counted in?
Which are the requirements for a medieval warship to travel the high seas?
Does a compound exist that can phase shift between gas and solid/liquid when electricity is applied?
Are my deserts accurately positioned?
Could rare earth (REE) strata form as magmatic cumulates?
Floating airships in planet with helium layer?
Honey as a form of currency?
Middle of the food distance spectrum, plausible?
What do fighting dark mages wear?
Would a "reactive force field" be possible?
How to blow up a star by accident?
Is planet similar to Crematoria possible in real life?
How can I limit teleportation through magic?
How can a one-gender humanoid species reproduce quickly?
Lowering chances of unnatural death to the minimum with technology
Cyclops - depth perception issues
Metal Box with one square mile of fertile soil
The 12 Zodiac Elements (magic-casting chart idea)
Could you have more than one building in the same spot by "stacking" them in 4th dimensional space?
How could electricity cause worldwide death?
A believable place for your secret lair
A water cycle in an underground setting
Would it be possible to give humans the superpower of tardigrades
Ideal climate/topography/etc. to settle on an Earth-like planet?
Could plasma "blow away" bullets?
Split-brain double identity
Easily Proving Divinity via a single object
Would concrete foundations and driveways be useful to a post-catastrophe survival group?
How might a game have made its way from China or India to the Mediterranean in the ancient world?
Balancing Water Vapor and Temperature for Global Cloud Layer
Is there a system to create a tarot deck?
What would be mindset of people if the entire Earth had one time zone?
Magic shop with a modern look?
What would prostitutes wear in a setting where skimpy clothing is a sign of rank
Is this a plausible reason for kingdoms to resolve conflicts via representative duels?
Is it conceivable, or at the least verisimilar, for Plutonium radioisotope generators/atomic batteries to power a small manufacturing town?
A predator that uses an airborne chemical to make prey not be afraid of it
Fusion: Using a lens to focus the energy of a star
A world without bacteria
Building a death ray
Warming up Mars
How can you market a sustainable system that provides insurance for monster hunters?
How would magic education work with wish fulfilment magic?
What could cause a post-apocalyptic, rapid desertification of vast areas of the world, similar to the land in Mad Max: Fury Road?
How would a vampire have a physical love affair
Can two moons orbit each other while orbiting a much larger planet?
What is a medieval technology method of underwater enemy detection?
How thick should the roof of a large cave be to safely build a city on top of it?
A predator with pseudo-invisibility, partially achieved by airborne chemicals
How would a thinner atmosphere affect climate/weather patterns?
Is this fictional planet possible?
Is a star orbiting around planets(not a single planet) possible?
Is a 1:1 Earth possible in a binary system?
To whom should god pray?
What could be a reason why a more developed civilization isn't helping a less developed one to advance?
The other side of the moon!
How to study magic that isn't objective
Force Field Contains a Star
How effective would a sword connected to the user's wrist by a whip be?
Laser Eyes: Practical?
4D Digestive System Structure
Is the un-defining of Consciousness in the book "How to Create a Mind" holds up?
How would the American government react to a Walking Dead style zombie apocalypse?
Are cultural aspects like art and religion viable for a race that acts mostly on instinct and barely/not on emotion?
How to explain a world with very little iron?
How would precognitive aliens deal with not being able to see the future clearly?
How to calculate maximum altitude difference between metro stations?
How could a humanist civilization favor the selfless?
What entity executes magical spells?
How to create a silent propeller aircraft?
Is it possible to have a non tidally locked moon?
Calculating the orbits of binary stars around their barycentre
If the world caught on fire how long would it take to burn?
Temperature of a habitable Venus?
What factors need to take place in order for a society to place religious significance on both the primordial soup and intelligent design theories?
What might a giant space bubble be made of?
Reason why a mountainous Kingdom doesn't have/use much metal
What kind of apocalyptic event can be predicted years before it happens?
How large can a world be in fantasy?
Is this habitable moon possible?
How does one set a calendar year in a fantasy world without associating it with Earth's historical technological progress?
Is it possible to obtain a cold radiating material?
Pure Bio vs Pure Cyber Trans-Humans - Would they be a Good Match for Each Other?
Borrowing Neurons
What are the contributing factors, whether a fantasy empire rises or collapses in a "too vast" world?
Habitable planet around a binary brown and white dwarf system
How realistic is the placement of the cities and borders on my map?
Using capillary action to bring water up to flying cities
If a civilisation is built on the back of a moving body, what is a day like?
Communication with spaceship close to surface of the Sun?
Grab your torches and pitchforks
Attributes for enlightened dictator
GPS without geosynchronous orbit
Could there be an animal who breathes CO?
How realistic is the geography of my map?
How long does it take for languages to diverge?
What kind of a tax system would encourage well-off to have many children?
Is it plausible to have a warring civilization on a fertile land neighbouring a peaceful civilization on arid terrain?
How could my non-bipedal intelligent species advance technologically?
Plausibility of a mid-size conquering party
Could a geothermal plant work for several millennia
How could an organism with keratin fur/hair and feathers generate a spark of static electricity? How well would this spark start a fire?
Is this fire-breathing creature possible?
Could this creature with explosive saliva be possible?
The alphabet of a language based on pitch and vocabulary
Is there a technology that can place the human body under more or less gravity weight?
What is a logical explanation for why a race of stone humanoids wouldn't become the dominant race on the continent?
Is possible to make an "almost-perfectly" sealed ship?
Charged Particle Beam propagation in air
In a world where humanity create a "collective consciousness" for feelings to erase violence , how could the world get worse than ever?
Could an entire civilization live in an upside down forest?
How can we detect a small black hole?
How to combat aliens taking away the feelings of eros/lust? Which will lead to human extinction
Feasibility and challenges of a kingdom existing within an eternal night?
Is it possible for a society to live without any form of currency in this currency-driven world?
What is the minimum amount of people needed to support one dedicated fighter?
Handling magical rune script copyright
How Does One Ensures the Immortality of Their Consciousness
Can lava still be red hot liquid underwater?
Can haptic holograms be used to make something akin to a holodeck?
Can amber and resin be a viable fuel source (for Steampunk civilization)?
Now, How to escape fun loving immortals?
How to ensure stagnation of population figures without slaying inhabitants?
A planet with different and shared atmospheres, creating very different surface exteriors/appearances
Could a Super-Light Gas Improve Heavy Armor?
Bio luminescent fruit?
What would an object crossing an event horizon look like to outside observers?
Are Megalodon as trained weapon animals enough to sink the passenger ships and warships of the Victorian era?
An underground city beneath another city?
What might encourage undersea colonization?
How to calculate the light received by a planet during a binary star eclipse?
How would deafening as punishment be carried out?
Where can zombies get the energy required to keep moving?
Are gamma rays always harmful?
Is it possible to build atomic underwater airplane?
How Long Could an "Eternal" Fire Last?
How to prevent AI being hostile to people?
How would society without a change in day or night form time, or structure to anything?
Would pyrokinesis be an effective defense?
Is there a such thing as a dragon people?
How to get confirmation regarding the identity of military naval vessels as a civilian?
Would aliens likely wear clothing?
Reverse engineering electronics
Superearth Gravity Calculation?
What would happen if a volcanic cave was connected by a tunnel to a frozen cave?
Where would the Sun and Moon be within a flat Earth world?
How would an entire Dragon population be wiped out?
Starting Sex Ratio - Generation Ship
Guano mines versus early artificial fertilizers?
Forbidden gunpowder's trade
What would the technical term be for this technology?
How would a race of intelligent insectoids express their emotions?
Cold planet macrobiochemistry
Would super-sized humans be super-intelligent?
Feasibility of creating an explosive life form
Is my biome placement realistic?
Can Nano-Machines be used to increase strength
How can I have a war with no "good" or "evil" side?
How to stop mutant mosquitoes spreading
How would a decrease in intelligence as a punishment be carried out?
Naturally occurring phenomena allowing for hallucinations or "visions"
Being aware of highly evolved civilization
How great can gods have sense for humor?
What's better for identification: retina scanner or iris scanner?
How much Light energy would it require to run an underground Photosynthetic ecosystem?
Perpetual motion machine
How to Explain Traits of Alicorn
How do I explain the formation of my world scientifically?
Could Non-Baryonic Matter Ever Support Computer Architecture?
Does the thickness and diameter of a hollow earth give an affect to the overall gravity inside?
Taming our creations
Space Whales, how to move?
Space Whales, how to survive?
High-speed shieldless spacecraft requirements
How could you make a cat's tail prehensile enough to use weapons?
How can the world government stop this super-infection?
How would I make guns uncreatable in a post-apocalyptic world?
How a hero can detect or test his own immortality?
Culturally acceptable methods of "Burying" bodies of dead AIs
Ethical Couriers
If a planet couldn't escape a black hole, how would it survive going through one?
Rapid tanning in humans as a reaction to radiation
Could Earth exist in the *Star Wars* universe?
How to dry up Earth's water while keeping the planet survivable
How to secretly harvest/farm human beings as a primary food supply?
Is there a way to have coal but not oil?
Realistic size for an atomic pure space body
What geological/geographical features are needed to support a Greco-Roman 'City of Fountains'
Swords more effective than guns
Changing the makeup of saliva to melt plastic
Surface temperature when outside solar system
How to protect a tail while wearing armor?
How long would it take for another species to help primitive humans evolve?
What to name a magic (technicaly mana type) type that runs on emotion?
Is my solar system even remotely plausible?
How would a king create distrust between his clans without being caught?
Is there any feasible real sounding science sci-fi explanation for a chronovisor?
What factors would influence a cultures scripture to be written either left to right, right to left etc?
Can data be sent using Gravitational Waves across solar systems?
What if gravity goes out while man is swimming in a pool on board of a spaceship?
How to "burn" through wood in a vacuum?
A World Without Currency
How far would information about a criminal spread in Medieval times?
How can I make a society based on "Western culture" want to wage an obliterating, exterminating war on a purely Christian empire?
What real world item is the most extreme 'matryoshka doll', i.e. object nested inside other objects?
What would have happened if the New World was inhabited by non-hominid humanoids?
Is it feasible for a government to impose taxes in using magic?
How can one empty a cesspit with medieval technology?
How to secure a 16th century warehouse?
Can industry work on a poor import schedule?
Feasibility of causing a head to explode using infrasound only
If a major disaster wiped out most of humanity, how many survivors would there need to be in order for them to rebuild?
How would modern-day Hungary treat a legitimate/serious ethnic independence movement?
How can gravity be maintained on a spaceship?
Would it be possible to construct an electric generator using only ionic conductors like salt water?
Orienting a pilot inside a space fighter
Observe and study the universe from the surface of the Sun?
What would justify hunting dragons that are made with real physics, with melee weapons?
Could 3000 magically controlled insects kill roughly 1000 knights?
How to prevent religion war in country with more than one religion?
Evolution of vipers (merfolk)
What is the best way to exploit gunpowder in medieval tech without killing anyone?
What sort of animals would inhabit my world?
Is a nanocomputer something a civilization would strive to create?
Maximizing the vertical range of livable air pressure
Non-Metal warfare
Non-Metal society
Cooking in the vacuum of space
What could threaten a perfectly scientific civilization on Earth?
After an apocalyptic event in our world, would a new currency replace our current paper notes?
How can an optical signal be converted into a mechanical/acoustic signal without using electricity?
We have Altitude Sickness... but what about Depth Sickness?
What would it take to set the atmosphere aflame?
Evolution of a feline humanoid, specifically upright walking and fingers
Maximum height for a pump
If humans could photosynthesize, what would our clothing look like?
Is it possible to have several omnipotent gods?
A mechanism for a level interstellar playing field
How plausible is a 'tilted axis' planet with a "south pole" constantly facing toward its star?
Bullet should burnt down into ashes in the air itself if it misses the target
What sorts of spells are possible using this magic system?
Can a human survive acceleration from 0 km/h to 310 km/h, and then back down to 0 km/h, all in 500 meters?
Scientific Accuracy - Advantages and Complications of Tetrachromacy Underwater
What would be the general scientific understanding in a fantasy setting?
What issues would a consensus-based legislature have?
Could life on earth survive after the sun becomes a white dwarf?
What turn of events would justify humans not to have a head, but instead have their face in their chest?
Under these conditions, how would interstellar trade in large-scale systems compare against local manufacturing?
What kind of forged melee weapon would be best against unarmored opponents?
What would happen if a wormhole disappeared while a ship was inside it?
A very strong person
What resources do I need to feed a hippogriff squadron?
Sky Train Blimp Plane?
How does a zombie worshiping tribe survive?
What happens if two lightning bolts collide?
How long would it take for the effects of a nuclear weapon to wear off?
How do I get naturally occuring diamonds/precious stones in cheese?
In a medieval world, how a melee soldier practically defend against a lightning bender?
How can I explain why in a future of robots, ai, and automation, people still bother to do anything themselves?
What would plant life be like on an earth-like planet with extremely low gravity
Is it possible to have life that feeds on thermal energy?
Does a culture focused on gaining material wealth expand, contract or ignore where its currency is circulated?
Would the absence of an axial tilt preclude the use of seasonal crops in agriculture?
Treatment of mental illness in a dystopian society
Feasibility of the "Instant Legolas" quick shooting bow
How to quarantine an entire peninsula?
Retaining military excellence by training battles
Would it be possible for a cave system to naturally exist at a different temperature and pressure than the surface?
Intergalactic Communication?
Biological CPUs - why would the developed world fear them?
Reality Check: Winter Wheat Agriculture on an Ice Age Steppe World, No Oceans
Logistics of high-quality lifestock delivery for alien megacity?
How would I handle creating a new type of interpersonal relationship?
What conditions might create bigger military submarines?
Plant/mineral that could preserve fresh meat without anything other than fire?
What techniques can be used to mitigate obstruction impact during time-travel?
Is elemental based evolution possible
Long-lasting self-sustainable presence indicator beacon
Anatomically Correct Nachtkrapp
What would merfolk economies look like?
What level of manufacturing would a "mining world" possess?
What features of a planet would cause humans living there to develop vampire like traits?
expert (early) musketmen vs expert archers, who wins?
Would 'magic' muskets be a significant advantage over actual muskets?
How much faster can someone be trained to fire a magical musket?
How could a well organised and equipped army be defeated without destroying it?
Can hit and run tactics on a military scale be made viable for an auto-reloading musket?
Do rats have the potential to become sentient?
G-Forces and Cryo Sleep
Would medieval fortifications be effective in a zombie apocalyptic world?
Diseases related to 'life energy' in humans
How do I begin to explain that my orcs may survive by eating soil?
How can I make a jetpack with supercooling?
Randomised bank accounts
Fighting fire with fire: Railguns
Aquatic Environment: Aquatic Floral and animal fabric
What policy would a Geneva style contract have in place to prevent space combat from damaging habitats?
How do I keep FTL from being used as a weapon of mass destruction?
Will my bird likely be able to fly in this atmosphere on this planet?
Is there dense, non flammable gas that I can cover the Earth in?
Square-Cube and Kinetic Energy equations for relative numbers (mostly specific to personal project)
Rocky desert or Sand desert - Which would appear in this scenario?
How do I map aerial trade routes for my airship economy?
Countries that have different genre settings but set in one world. Is that even possible?
How to seize control of a region?
How does planet size affect weather?
Would a frictionless fluid make a good lubricant for physical machinery?
How hot does a shield made of fire need to be?
Could a human colony persist long term on a planet with limited food and water resources?
Is it possibe to manage a simple living in a high-tech world?
Why make androids feel?
Why make androids look human?
Why make androids self aware?
Our brain is a very powerful signal processor, what's stopping us from creating computers to emulate
EMP blast effects and ranges
When the mass fills all of space in almost uniform density, can it sustain its state?
A single religion in which different individuals worship different gods. Why hasn't the religion split?
Jobs for Giants in modern society
Is it possible to genetically modify mosquitoes to cause their extinction
Where would wind blow away the smoke from a giant fire?
Generate electricity using altitude and pipe
What happens when genetics and popular politics collide?
Space station debris
Is it possible to have an underground swamp inside a cave?
How would the educational system of a military magic institute be like?
Is "programmable biosphere" a good synonym for "terraforming"?
How could different species evolve into anthropomorphic beings?
In a fantasy world where physical training has no hard limit, why isn't everyone a superhuman?
Can AI became self-concious and human-like intelligent without feelings?
Could a WWI biplane fly if it were dropped from a high altitude instead of using a runway?
Can my giants and humans coexist?
Igniting Jupiter
What are the current implications of a 100% accurate lie detector?
What Factors would Likely Govern the Degree of Similarity between Intelligent Aliens and Humans?
How to keep a peasant army relevant in a setting where individuals can train to be superhuman?
What if kings had to change diapers to go to war?
Would VR sex work?
How would a noble gas lake form on an earth-like world?
Terraforming Mars
Life on a planet orbiting a blue giant
How good are vets as doctors?
How to minimize risk of infection from raw meat?
Could a human with a regenerative factor use (and get addicted to) drugs such as alcohol, narcotics, stimulants, etc.?
How would a race of fish people whose women carry their males around in their bellies during much of the day be affected by this?
What are good places to hide small objects in public?
Modern warfare helmets for cat eared humans
How would a 99% illiterate town/fortress cope with sudden muteness of its population?
Can I reduce the crime rate by penalizing criminals' children socially?
How to stop a tornado from hitting a major city...
How would civilization develop on Earth-like planet that has no axial tilt?
What's a good sci-fi word or phrase to name a generic copy of the SQUID?
Traveling between worlds
How fast might a post apocalyptic world recover if the survivors co-operated?
How much time will it take the humanity to forget how to repair machinery after a nuclear apocalypse?
Could someone use a nuclear weapon to destroy the universe?
What type of organ would a animal need to breathe fire?
Real life physics of Having a smaller Moon orbit the Moon of a planet
Question about the possibility of a Ternary planet system
Little Big Planet
Which asteroids are likely targets for a mining base?
Rapid healing and its impact on gender transition
How could a new society be violence free?
Simple question about ring physics
How many moons can form around this alternate Earth?
Can my character build an atom bomb?
Binary Stars with planets in P-Type orbits
How to prove amnesia
The Internet in our evil Overlord era
Creature that swims in the solid ground
What happens to asteroids when heated into a plasma?
How to limit the use of attack magic among the population?
Likelihood of Torus planets forming
What would the implications of clams having legs have on the things that normally feed on them?
Could Vegetables Grow on Trees?
How would we engineer humans for space?
Magic that alters living cells: Speed?
Would a galaxy-wide civilization have any reason to build a solar probe?
Could a torus shaped black hole exist?
Why are monsters created by magical mutation still around after magic dissipates, but mutated humans are not?
Is it really possible to push a solar sail with a laser on a cosmic scale?
How can a race of eldritch abominations help humanity?
New armour development for hard sci-fi novel
Human response to an existential threat that isn't
What fossil fuel may be found on a carbon planet?
Deriving price from a framework of production in a medieval economy (ie "Can I have a 1,500 gold meat pie, please!")
Seeking correction/logic for map outline
Low Voltage Lightning and Alien Nitrogen
Sand grains in space - a threat?
How to prevent invisible people from committing crimes?
Water pressure generates heat?
How can new gods bring down the actual theocratic system?
Fall of an empire
What early tools might be devised on a planet where diamonds were abundant?
Ideas on a nano-material that mutates into another, after acted upon by heat?
How similar should we expect alien molecular biology to be to that on Earth?
Creating a sturdier spine
I'm trying to kill someone with healing magic, is it possible?
How to poison a creature that measures more than a dozen meters?
How would technology differ, if fossil fuels never existed?
How would living at a pole affect mapping and navigation?
Why might a valued mineral be only found on one planet?
Moving stealthy in an hostile enviroment
How to easily identify magical-caused mutation from normal mutation, while preventing others from realizing my hero was mutated?
Is there a reason a flying species can't use lighter than air gas to help provide lift?
Can a modern book that traveled back in time be proven to be older?
How would you insure yourself against the whole world forgetting you?
Are there any real reasons for interstellar conquest?
What food would be 3D printed to solve hunger?
How would a collection of space faring civilizations treat a race that on an individual level could destroy them?
Can early civilization utilize gold and silver when they are abundant, and copper and iron are rare?
Human Multichromacy--Is This Possible?
How to build a literal colossus of disease?
If humans developed pattern recognition intelligence, what other kinds if intelligence are there?
How would a person work his way to being a Kingpin of a city or country?
Would a temperate "land of the midnight sun" be habitable?
Combat in age of swords and railguns
Would a castle built at the top of a mesa have unusual weaknesses?
How to make the best use of limited teleportation?
In a war situation, would many small dropships be most effective, or a massive army-carrier
In ancient times, was there a specific outfit for assassins? If so, did these garments have technical names?
Would a hill covered with 10,000 dead rabbits and soaked with 5,000 liters of wine present an impediment to charging horse-mounted cavalry?
What's the fastest way for a creature to move across land?
Ways to significantly reduce critical mass for U235, or make U238 fissile?
Waterbending: Warm Ice
Feasible reason for a world to move all of its sick, orphaned, incarcerated and elderly population to an isolated continent
How would the bridge command structure of a starship work?
Science of Potions/Elixirs
How to make human-like muscles more efficient?
Post Scarcity Currency
How long would it take to infect the world from Morocco with the kind of zombie virus I've described?
How to track down a killer who can steal DNA using 21st century science?
Which geographical features would work best to make a plausible natural labyrinth?
How far would science advance if we lived in a cave?
How feasible would be smallish (1km radius) space station / artifical planet with something dense in the middle for gravity and energy
Can my special material with these properties resolve the right bottlenecks in human technological progress?
Non-Spin Artificial Gravity
How strong could the Coulomb force be made?
What traits/actions must give away a light-sensitive out-dimensioner?
What catastrophic event could plausibly cause the destruction of society but not eliminate humanity as a whole, allowing some pockets of survivors?
How long would it take for the world to recover from the effects of an huge temp. rise caused by global warming enough to make it liveable for humans?
Is it possible to extract all nutrients from human via blood?
How would a humanoid race differ physiologically if it stored excess dietary calories in a form other than fat?
Can a 2D object living in a shadow be examined in a 3D world?
Internal micro-heating and Vanadium Dioxide muscles
Would a Currency Backed by joules work?
How Could a Human beat a Centaur in a Fight?
How to manage water in a city 2500 feet below sea level?
How could an organism chemically need sex?
Seal off a modern town
What is the smallest change that would allow an Earth-like planet to have atmospheric CO₂ levels of several percent?
Star-devouring creature
How would castles be built in a medieval setting where some humans can fly?
How does a society domesticate the hippo?
How can a creature's physiology involuntary react to whether a child is being raised or not?
In an alternate feudal era low fantasy world, what would make a guild of rangers unique?
View the past by reflection?
Speeding up bone digestion
I'm trying to the create the most technologically advanced civilization possible
"Time travel" and temperature/energy
How would one write languages based in sounds not typical of human dialects?
How would having toxic hairs affect the everyday/work life of a human?
How can you create an impenetrable defense to survive a world war?
Physical strength of replicants
How would a humanoid race grow grass instead of hair?
What would allow high-tech enclaves to exist in a stone age world?
How can I make the use of modern weapons and technology unreliable on a planet?
How much variation is possible among planets with "Earth-like" surface gravity?
What would be the main import and export of an advanced medieval jungle society?
Would A Life Cycle Involving Horizontal Gene Transfer Be Viable?
Multiple Methods Of Reproduction
How would healing potions affect our medical system?
How can I institute "The Purge" in a society while still allowing it to function?
Why would the government ban mind uploading when humans are biologically immortal?
Building a non-human cyborg out of amoebas
Why would someone want to teleport the Moon away from our Solar system?
Is it possible for two symbiotic lifeforms to be born from the same egg?
Drive to develop flying machines
Possible cause of a world without flying animals
How can I create explosions without using oxygen?
Does mass affect orbit size?
How can my race combine kinetic weaponry with high explosives?
An interstellar colony is stranded. How long will it take for technology to regress?
How would constrained magic affect otherwise high technology warfare?
How could the government trick the entire world into thinking there will be an eclipse when there isn't?
Memories stored in hair: social and cultural consequences
Possibility of a ceramic based armour
Could Alice's hair send people to sleep without just knocking them out?
Could coral float?
Would an actively camouflaging airship cast a shadow?
Could 2 eclipses be visible simultaneously in the same area?
Can we exterminate all insects by creating insects with an adaptive immune system in the lab?
What are some practical weapons for slaying monsters?
What's the plausibility of making a body part invisible?
What kinds of remnants might be evidence of a previous civilisation?
Would a "perfect invisibility cloak" still be vulnerable to energy based weapons?
Impact of the discovery of extra terrestrial life on religion
What would happen to the rest of the world if I raised the temperature of the poles?
How different would the built environment be if Earth was low-gravity?
Is an uncanny valley of consciousness upload feasible?
Is it true that these things would never have been invented if Tesla hadn't been born?
What's wrong with moving cables for a Space Elevator?
Can we harness cosmic rays to build particle collider?
How heavy is a black bear hide and is it feasible to wear?
How deep could we bury the world in artifice?
If one nekomimi became intelligent while others were not, could they free their species?
How would nuclear fallout affect the oceans?
How would a humanoid naturally grow green hair?
What could cause sex roles to be reversed?
Longevity of Signs of Civilization on the Moon
How would a human like species be able to swallow body parts whole?
Useful, dead-end scientific advancements for ancient civilizations
Magical TOWER. Why?
How could our human ancestors have evolved flight preferably in the beginning of the Ice Age?
What would happen if Earth was being chipped away?
Power Breaking: Photosynthesis
How would dogs having metacognition affect our relationship with them?
With Vanadium Dioxide muscles, is it plausible for a creature to have many small muscles for finer control than with a few large ones?
What would the Ancient Greeks call a wizard that can control life?
How can a firebender become an effective, but stealthy, assassin?
What is a poison that can be given to a comatose patient that requires another character to get an antidote?
How can I explain a one-shot, slow-to-reload laser sidearm?
Extremely huge dirigible/airplane hybrid feasibility
Could there be a scientifically supported way of accessing higher dimensions that is practical?
If the Cold War went hot in the early 1970s, do NATO and the Warsaw Pact have any plans to rebuild after the last nuclear warhead goes off?
With medieval technology and governance, what advantages would a long tunnel have over river travel?
What would the Total Eclipse look like on a planet with rings?
What conditions are necessary to support lightless radiotrophic ecosystems?
How would you explain an eclipse in a world where all our myths are true?
How would I design a humanoid with retractable claws?
Is there any real possibilities for build unbreakable aquarium?
Could elves realistically have tapetum lucidum?
Could we replace human DNA
Where realistically could somebody be stabbed and heal without modern medicine?
What would it look like for a planet with two moons and rings during a double eclipse?
The right apocalypse to wipe out humanity, and create a desert world of flight?
Is it possible that a paint made with nanotechnology can make a building its coated with soundproof?
Is it realistic to assume that globalization and technology could cause a united earth government in the far future?
Time Traveller's Problem: Is This a Stable Loop?
Meteorology spreading problem
How would a microscopic organism create kilometre long fibre optic cables from ice
What would a life form that evolved in deep space and without gravity look like?
What would a society of mind-readers look like?
How far would a team of 2 horses with carriage travel per hour?
Life on a Non-Tidally Locked Moon
Can a Planet's Magnetosphere be Strengthened Artificially?
What kind of terrain would be required to make mechs more viable than tanks in combat?
Alien ship connecting to the internet
Specifics of magical symbols and casting: What makes spoken magic difficult to master?
What could limit geographically a resource such as an ore to a specific spot on a planet?
Finding the area of a nation
Specifics of magical symbols and casting: What makes Air-drawn magic difficult to master?
Specifics of magical symbols and casting: What makes mastering the concept of physically manipulating magic difficult?
What do humans have that plants need?
How a mage starts his career in a magic system that requires belief from others?
Specifics of magical symbols and casting: How to purposefully, quickly create new spells where its near impossible to make any with implicit purpose?
What could cause the desert?
How hot can I make the insides of my spaceship before damaging crew too much?
Magic all got used up, as if it had never been. How would we know?
Is it possible for an asteroid belt to form around a sun?
Knowledge of human anatomy - how effective (torture) is it in a medieval setting?
Defending against 100-year flood
Disk Craft vs Other Military Vehicles
What possible scientific reasons could there be for a vampire to only be killable via wooden stake to the heart?
How would fast rotation affect gravity?
Does the Triopticpelorovenatorius Baromassobrachiosaurus have a realistic muscle and bone structure?
Viability of a Dyson Universe?
Scientific explanation for highly agressive infected
Can an r-selection alien build a civilization?
Capital space ships: Several large fusion reactors vs many smaller ones
Is it possible to use Magnetic refrigeration to cool down a sun probe, so that it could survive at least a few hours inside the photosphere?
How do I prevent the collapse of the Federal Republic of Central America?
Brain-construct
Device close to sun to focus energy to satellite in Earth Orbit for energy generation
Far Future Melee
How big/how many permanent magnets would it take to create a good Martian Magnetosphere
Habitable environment on a big moon of a gas giant lacking magnetosphere
Genetic engineering as an alternative to magnetosphere (radiation protection)
Would having larger pupils allow elves to see better in the dark?
What material should be used for a spaceship that doesn't need to re-enter?
How long could a crashed spaceship and/or alien ruins last at the bottom of Europa's oceans?
How high does a tower have to be, so that centrifugal force launches a payload into space?
Can a laser in outer space really appear as visible "bullets"?
How early can nuclear reactors be built?
Universally weak/feeble name for a prey species
Would elf-children be spoiled rotten?
How can I get enough food into my underground empire?
Will this anti-gravity airship balloon give me a working vacuum airship?
Minimum Gravity for long term living
See in Multiple Dimensions
How large could a frog be?
What practical issues might prevent making a conventional-explosives bomb-powered spacecraft?
How to defeat an AI wizard?
Teeth and mouth evolution in a species that only drinks fluids?
Wastelands on a non-desertic climate. What elements could create them?
Photosynthetic hair for a plant based spine?
Could elves revolve their ears to listen to sounds?
Is it possible for a planetary ring to exist beyond a planet's Rochelimit?
Red Dwarf Worlds in a Binary System
Can a casino system prove my (divine) luck as cheating?
Is it possible for a creature to regurgitate all waste products in the form of a pellet?
How To Make Lightning
How loud is a river at 100 foot distance?
What would cause a deep vertical gorge in a mountainside, on Earth?
Infantry weapons, or why are there people running around down there anyway?
What exactly would a spaceship crew do, during a battle?
Without modern medicine, can somebody survive a third degree burn?
How different are seasons perceived in a Mediterranean climate when compared to a North European climate?
Fire prevention in a low-tech city
How could a new world war happen without ending civilization?
Practicality of farming termites?
Alternative flight
Would Martial Arts be useful for an intelligent, powerful, quadrupedal animal?
Gall peters projection -- politically correct or incorrect?
What future applications could nanoarchitecture be used for?
Can a dedicated amateur astronomer spot a rogue asteroid?
How to design a zero-g nuclear reactor?
Sending people to the nearest star - frozen or via relativistic propulsion?
Can there be a naturally occuring superfluid?
Low density air on a planet - effects on civilian and military aircraft (not spaceworthy)
When is good enough good enough, the advancement of science and technology
How can a necromancer maintain a zombie horde after taking over a country while allowing the human population to thrive?
What about humans would scare aliens?
Is this a plausible progression of EMP-like effects?
How could a parasitic organism spread through humans?
How would it be possible to calculate the orbital parameters of a planet from that planet's moon?
Do stars in a binary star system fall along the ecliptic?
Stabilizing a McKendree Cylinder Habitat
Storms in Space
Elbow Spikes on a Creature's Wing
Will the future be human brains in robots?
How would it affect a human to suddenly have a sense of smell comparable to a wolf?
How might the spores of an interstellar lifeform navigate?
Can my farm work normally on a sky island in an empty world?
Could hunter-gatherers develop complex civilization?
How can humans be important enough to be the deciding factor in the war between gods?
Possibility of a large as of yet undetected object headed to intercept our solar system
Population increase on a Colonized Mars
In obligate carnivores, can I have animal husbandry (livestock-keeping) without farming ever developing?
Harvesting solar wind particles for atmospheric accretion on the moon
How might spoken language (vowels) be different for Fire Breathers with fine temperature control?
How can I keep runes that allow souls to ascend to the afterlife limited to the warrior class?
How to structure society after my inevitable evil takeover?
In a SciFi world, how could a "suit" cary 1000X+ times the wearer's weight/volume?
How would criminal justice works today if humans evolved hive mind?
How would forex works between medieval humans and the forest elves?
How close are we to eternal consciousness?
Are talons and beak good enough for advanced manipulation?
How to get down Valles Marineris
How To Make a Purple Sky?
Could people in a post-apocalyptic setting work around the fact that fuel expires?
How would the military fight magicians?
Learning a new language without any reference
How long can a typical god last on Earth without using power?
What prevents magic from being used scientifically?
Defining the perceived appearance of a moon from a planetary surface
A democracy where a set of people rule over others instead of themselves
What might an angel's knapsack look like?
How does a medieval european (1200, let's say) army operate?
Language mixing, shifting, and drifting (Space colony lingua franca)
How to solve NK?
What is in an Angel's knapsack?
Are we an AI project?
Could Mars' air pressure (assuming terraforming) be high enough to sustain humans without pressure suits but low enough to prohibit flight?
Impracticalities of making a Vacuum Airship
What would happen if humans can no longer make standard / high performance computer processors?
How would one crash a world sized game?
Can you "glitch" physics?
Does time dilatation make travelling close to the speed of light redundant?
How could you escape the universe entirely or reach higher dimensions
How to identify a new species?
How to protect against a worldwide EMP?
Why Colonize a Planet Without the Continued Benefit of Modern Technology?
How does one typically gain influence and power in a modern city?
Designing a Mars-Class Zeppelin
Visibility of a Dyson ring/swarm
What is a mechanism to remotely generate a derecho?
Satguns - railgun on a satellite with evasive capabilities
How to explain why a human society's state of technology on another planet might be locked?
Repurposing a reactor from space to surface
How do I successfully create the Imperial Federation?
Could a Tidally Locked Moon Ever be "Unlocked" via Artificial Means?
Would self-fitting clothes be a great innovation for a future civilization or would it be a passing fad?
Contamination of orbital warehouses
How best to use a celestial body to hide a space station?
How would gravity on a moon be affected based on orientation relative to its parent planet?
Could Living Beings Survive in the Vacuum of Space
Are genetically engineered wyverns with my specifications possible?
Can porcelain be "reforged"?
Why would Fission be used in a world where Fusion reactors exist?
Should pregnancy wait?
Pottery Without Using Heat
What could lead to the appearance of a wormhole relatively close to our planet?
Is a habitable desert planet with large fossil fuel deposits possible?
Travelling through a black hole like through a wormhole?
Using particle accelerator in place of ion drive
How can a five-man special ops team sink an island?
How could you explain black firebreath?
Is it possible to make standard smartphone with bare hands?
Surviving inside a space station crashing into a planet
How would environmental factors affect a giant rideable moth/butterfly?
What could substitute for electricity?
How can I explain why two systems of magic operate differently?
Could compulsory experience-sharing make a utopia actually work?
What would happen if part of the nitrogen in the atmosphere were replaced with another gas?
Hulls and hard suits, what actually has heavier armour in space?
How can elemental magic aid forensic in a magical murder?
Old Clothes In The Future
Is the Pike Square formation truly invincible?
Would a twin-planet system necessarily be tidally locked?
How long would a flap of cut off skin last?
How plausible is a system of clans of pure-blood wizards?
How to make hero couple work that don't speak the same language?
Being reborn with your memories - Knowledge is power, but how much?
Where is it most likely that an hexapod creature branched from the evolutionary tree
The place of cannons and ballistae in a world without metal
Searching for a database of real historical names
In a world where short-term space travel is common, what reason the government would have for banning long-term exploration?
Diamond as a building material
Can urine be used for radiation shielding?
How could one board a spaceship during combat?
What are possible catastrophes on a space station?
Sandalphon: A Machine that Copied Gametes
Can a space station theoretically maintain an orbit around two separate astronomical bodies? Switching between the two cyclically?
What cultural elements do ethnic minorities have in common?
Spacecraft built with Age of Discovery technology
Distance between passing planets for atmosphere exchange to occur
Can hydroponics and aquaponics replace traditional agriculture on the village level where soil is eroded?
Would the principles of Stack Exchange work in a real-world utopia?
How would a postapocalyptic space-faring society look like?
Would using Magnetic Coil Platforms be an effective way to transport people across Solar Systems
Where do mountain occur in a continent?
How much energy would be required to eliminate a shadow from an airship?
What is the upper size limit on aquatic creatures?
How to protect culturally bald people from sunburn?
Can nanofibers result in the creation of clothes that clean themselves? capabilities?
Is making the skin transparent a realistic idea or is it clarketech?
Would it make sense to prevent catastrophic failure in ship reactors upon destruction?
What technology could enable silent communication?
Would universal basic income work for a Galaxy-wide civilization like Star Wars?
Plant based faeries
How can a non-owner come to an apartment
Unidentifiable body
In an underwater society, would the wheel ever be invented?
Age Reversal Accident - how will this affect the person?
Make zombies & humans coexist
How would it affect a human to suddenly have the visual senses of a martial eagle?
How fast would the people of an alternate earth progress technology/medicine wise without religion?
Explaining Stealthy Space Warfare
How would building an acoustic amplifier into a large scale rockface work?
Can the universes that make up the multiverse and alternate realities exist as 2 separate entities?
Conditions for ideal/quick terraforming candidates that cannot currently support life
Hurricane Adaptation for smaller creatures and plants
What evolutionary abilities would crepuscular elves have?
Impact of living on a world with no terrestrial fauna
For a head of a palace guard (staying mainly inside the palace), is an estoc a realistic weapon of choice?
How are the directions on a planet defined?
How much distance can a man and his daughter travel under the given constrain?
Cryostasis alternatives.
How would Fair Folk-type elves deal with dietary iron?
What impact would copper-based blood (haemocyanin) have on a humanoid creature?
Would it be feasible for a series of coronal mass ejections (CME) from the sun to cause E1 EMP damage to electronics on Earth?
How could there be religious diversity in a world where gods communicate with their followers?
How can an anarchic state survive?
What material could be used for walls on giant futuristic cities?
What would the economy look like on a generation ship?
Magic is channeled through playing instruments. How are fights fought?
How can I lengthen a total solar eclipse on an earth-like planet?
Improved “fire eating” act
Would solar cells last?
Why would orcs have tusks?
Calculating the Resistance of Water, for Purposes of Violence
What kind of cultures would develop on a moon of a gas giant?
Do hurricanes reduce the thermal energy of the water they pass over, and if so by how much?
Toxic nerve agent in humanoids?
Capabilities of a 1 million year old, technologically limited AI
Icing conditions for dragon flight?
How steep a road could a horse/horse-and-cart travel?
Vaccines spreading as viruses
Destruction of a great Empire
Routine monster attacks and city economy
Neutron star mining?
Law enforcement in a world with smartphone magic
Everybody has dual personalities, how do you keep your interactions in order?
White Dwarf mining?
What would cause a modern society to discount a real-world, happening-in-plain-sight conspiracy?
What sort of forces can be expected in the sudden stop of a rotating space station ring?
If a character travels back in time ... is their demise within reason?
How To Subtly Imply Intelligence
Is a nation with a King that acts on the behalf of the true ruler more politically unstable?
Could a human die through a dream?
Preventing inter-species breeding in humanoids?
Can a planet's axial tilt turn to always be facing its star?
How does a solar sail return to its world?
How should I start worldbuiliding?
What features would a future, advanced telescope have?
Feasibility of area-denial weapons in space
Can a satellite a little bigger than the ISS be disguised as space debris?
Could canals solve H G Wells Martians water shortage problems?
Similarities between alien life and earthen life?
Is my celestial coordinate system efficient?
Is it worth having artificial gravity by propulsion, in orbit or in “free space”?
On a world where everyone is nomadic, how does civilization start?
How to explain electricity discovery and usage in 12th century?
Neutron star "evolution", how do neutron stars die?
Early Draft Map
Effective way to identify people in medieval fantasy setting
Is there an order to jobs as the population of a village/town increases? Inspired by but not specifically medieval
How powerful is selective breeding?
How could an organism store a massive amount of water?
A lone mountain without volcanism?
What are some of the resources a space station could produce?
What may bring god to help atheist?
How to make a supermassive creature survive in space?
Where to place my space-station so it observes one full planetary revolution per 24 hours?
how would a flightless bat's feet/ hands evolve?
What are the effects of a cure-all?
Would vertical forest cities be unnecessary in a Galaxy wide Civilization?
What if hell is real... by necromancy?
transferring consciousness from one person to another person?
Stellar Navigation for Dummies - Finding your way home
How would it make sense that spellbooks or grimoires teach only one spell?
I am the One, The promised prince - Do I have to live with my real identity hidden?
What are the structural implications for a pseudo-abrahamic religion based not on shepherds' but farmers' mythology?
Can we extrapolate from island culture to planetary culture?
How would a nitrogen-based-photosynthetic microorganism affect Earth and its inhabitants?
How to keep my spaceship properly pressurized for merfolk?
How to survive the G-force of Space Travel
How would it make sense that spellbooks or grimoires teach only one wizard?
How would an "Atari Asteroids" type toroidal universe work?
Colonial divergence, the collapse of social monocultures
How long would it take for the planet to recover from an apocalyptic event?
Seasons without an axial tilt?
Feasibility of melee weapons in a highly futuristic sci-fi-fantasy setting?
Would a planet-sized computer like a Jupiter Brain or a Matrioksha brain be more expensive to build than the Death Star?
How would an ethereal species that doesn't abide by logic or reason interact with humans?
Mining for waste
At what rate would this renaissance-esqe mining operation proceed?
Animal with inner membrane gas separation
Weapon Design: Nitinol Fire Sword?
How can a reversible elemental magic damage be explained?
Reasons someone might build a giant ring around a planet?
Humanoid jumping 30ft into the air?
Can the Great Race of Yith's record-keeping actually last for eons?
Feasibility of a civil control system on a interstellar society and how to integrate it to society without facing opposition
How could I have massive subterannean space on my world?
With some exceptions, what makes the most powerful mage on the planet, not kill a merchant and steal his goods?
What drives would make Casual Interplanetary Travel possible?
How could an earth like planet increase the amount of oxygen in the air
Is it possible that we could have built a quantum computer 50,000 years ago?
What kind of food would be common in a culture that tries to avoid fire as much as possible?
Why might it be desirable to engineer aquatic humans?
Why colonise planets?
Why do bloodsucking victims feel ecstasy when bitten?
How do the strategic assumptions and goals of a space force affect the overall effectiveness of the space force?
Defensive blood: Prasinohaema skinks bile blood
I have been drinking a potion to stop a transformation. One day, I stopped drinking the potion. How would the transformation take place?
Multi-colored Clouds
What would be the possible benefits of pointed ears?
How do people sustain themselves in a siberia-like environment?
How to move a continent?
Viability of ballistically propelled "traveling salesman" space stations
The 372-Day Calendar
How would miniature- and full-sized-human societies coexist?
Can humans survive using only minerals as food?
Terminator T-1000 possible in reality?
Can human evolve or mutate to become super powerful
How to Design Wind Instruments for a Race With Snouts
Faster time for humans compared to (more advanced) intergalactic civilizations
How to stop a sniper bullet?
Why would elves around the world share pointed ears?
How long does it take a Space Opera setting to recover after losing more than 80% of its collective civilization
How to raise children in space?
Use of Wood in Tree-Worshipping Society
How to catch a Faceless Man?
What body armor protects against a laser?
Gravity-neutralising biological adaptation
Protecting humans in prolonged high-G maneuvers
Results of magical control over the chemical functions of cells in the human body?
Would a female dominated society find exposed breasts offensive?
What would a semi-realistic thruster for a spaceship be, using fuel from stars or debris around a black hole?
What is the largest / longest practical bronze age sword possible?
What could justify a save point before a boss fight in RPG?
How could magic cause changes in air pressure?
How much time will this system last?
How could Earth be propelled into a further orbit?
How would a 30-kilometer tall mountain on an Earthlike planet look?
SciFi Author needs to sanity check for an idea for dynamic support of a structure
How would people find a city that is always moving?
How to depict electricity magic in a believable manner?
In a VR-MMORPG, how might the game's publishers be able to maintain life-like NPCs?
How massive can a spacecraft be?
How long would the southern hemisphere survive after a nuclear war that, while intense, was limited to the northern hemisphere?
How would a post-apocalyptic society come about worshiping contemporary literature?
Is it realistic to have a moon made of antimatter?
Going slower in worlds where fuel is free or insignificantly cheap
What are the priority plate parts to reinforce chainmail other than cuirass?
How many years would it take for a single tribe of about 10,000 related humans to become genetically diverse nations?
How to form a world with steep sided very high plateaus and very deep depressions
Could a quantum computer be able to simulate a universe?
What is the least "world changing" reason why the government would pay for you to keep a llama during your 44th year of life?
Could a large plateau surrounded by continuous waterfalls form?
How did the necromancer fool the healers through magic barrier?
How can I bridge the uncanny valley?
Quantum Entanglement or other means of FTL Travel
What would an alien teach on medival earth
What happens when aliens vaporize the Panama Canal?
How would a government without drama work?
How should a military society function
How would today's world leaders react to aliens who claim to "come in peace"?
Could reflected sunlight from moons provide heat to darkside of tidally locked world?
Barycentric/Orbital stability of a Dyson Sphere and Central Star
Reasons why healthy people would intentionally want to get infected?
How would a biolectrical plant work?
Could private states work
How will a dust storm affect infrared sensors such as thermal imaging?
How long would the orcs take to mutate from humans?
Direct Democracy with Project-Based Administration in a Post-Scarcity Society
How to change minds of adults conditioned to fear, hate, and/or be greedy?
What would happen if a zombie bit a pregnant woman?
Could the Romans have colonised the New World?
1 in 10,000 people no longer need to sleep. Would different laws need to apply to them?
What are options for glazing in pre-industrial housing?
How do passive, toggleable magnetic clamps function?
Is it possible to create a code to fool a computer?
What would happen if an Emperor's bodyguard became a national interim police force for a decade?
Sugarite: can it form?
Logical reasons for Forgoing a Dyson Swarm
What to name a race of rock people?
Protecting "rights" of androids that are not considered persons by law
Reasons that make a spaceship forced to land at the nearest planet?
How practical would a blimp like spacecraft be?
Why do I want to go near dragons?
Halloween: How can werewolf work in US?
What would discovery of a magnetic monopole do for a civilization?
If an inventor discovered how to build a teleportation device and used it, what laws would he have broken and could he be successfully prosecuted?
water (like ours) vs. water-ammonia vs. ammonia planets - some questions
How can I observe the end of the universe in a human lifetime?
Why would wild magic have a negative effect on people and the environment?
Can a force field that absorbs kinetic energy protect someone from a nuclear bomb?
Why would astronauts go to space to mine asteroids?
How to get high atmospheric pressure with 1g
Post apocalypse contraception
Is It Possible to Establish a Human Colony in a Flare Star System?
Gravitational flatness, the topography of Lagrange "points"
If all zombies followed the loudest sound around, could they all end up in the same place?
Would loss of magic among males be compared to original sin?
Source of a poisonous atmosphere harmful to intelligent races, but not wildlife
Is it possible for a planet to have a liquid ring?
Solar Eclipses on Planet Tidally Locked with Its Moon
Can a human fail a Turing test?
Rehab/ Recovery for Brain Transplant
What Can Cause a Month-Long Eclipse?
Realistic division of labour in a small prehistoric village?
What are the advantages of different optical sensor configurations on a Mech/Walker?
Alternate “smart home” control
life-threatening recovery strengthening
Prosecuting crime when the means used to commit it are far beyond current understanding
Of gods and men, distinctions en route to divinity
How long could a race, making recourse of eugenics, survive while trying to keep "pure"
What happen if 95% of bees die?
How would a medieval-era army react to a magical archer?
Pressure suit design that would allow a low pressure-adapted being to survive on Earth?
What would women do about periods in a medieval fantasy setting?
Can the Iceworld civilization feed itself?
If the world reset tomorrow, how long would it take humanity to get to space
Why do most of us love music?
Would the sub races of elves really evolve?
Feasibility of a pill with the opposite effect of birth control?
The Nuke and the Tornado
Interstellar Player - How to defend you realm under given circumstances?
Teleportation into solid mass
What gases are made by a live, crackling, exposed electrical wire?
Can we harvest some of the energy from hurricanes to provide an electricity resource?
What circumstances would cause a 10 year cycle of shipments from Earth to another planet
Is a river running into sea while still being in a canyon possible?
What would the night sky look like from Luna (Earth's moon)?
Reasons why air travel isn't feasible, but ground travel is?
Terraforming Mars, Hellas Planitia with comets at Mars L1
How powerful can a handheld laser be?
What is a viable method to produce food within a volcano caldera?
Is it possible for the ocean to be deprived of oxygen within 1 year?
Could someone use a death-button to eradicate humanity?
Are supersonic submarine trains necessary in a civilization that spans a galaxy
Keep society working, when apocalypse is imminent
Effectiveness of flaming spears as a psychological weapon in a hunter-gatherer society
High-Functioning Autists as Space Colonists
What would cause the temporary migration of a carnivore avian species, normally inhabiting a temperate to tropical region, to a much colder one
Can we manipulate a small black hole?
Chloroplast organelle in human
What would have happened if Hitler had launched operation Sea lion (the planned invasion of England in September 1940)?
Why would spacecraft carriers have long, flat, exposed flight decks, like contemporary aircraft carriers?
What conditions would cause electricity to create carbon monoxide?
How can an alien species set up a large cult/religion with themselves as the chief objects of worship?
What if the World adopted the One-Child Policy?
What would cause an alien species on an alien world to behave in a (specifically) repugnant way?
What would the evolutionary and special traits would occur in a race of advanced alien mice?
What materials would be needed to build a human-like robot with access only to common materials in the 1980s?
A gold coin for an orc's ear: just how tough is an orc?
Real-world technologies to provide better safety to spaceship passengers
Exoplanets geology
Diet on a Large Igneous Province
Is there a simulation-within-simulation bedrock?
What role should eunuchs play in a matriarchial-led magical-religion?
How could Hitler's planned invasion of England in September 1940 actually have succeeded?
Silicon based life in Earth-like condition?
How could the earth produce more oxygen?
How do I convert part of a south pole map to a mercator projection?
A nation wants to add intelligent undead like vampires as legal citizens. What laws have to change?
What kind of wing design would a quadruped with six wings need to fly well?
Can clouds act as camoflage and will there be atmospheric skid marks from "braking"?
Benefits and Pitfalls of Electricity Money
Surviving on a planet with an eccentric orbit
Diet for nomadic people climbing a metal structure?
A continent formed entirely by volcanism, possible or not?
Remapping Oceans with Tectonic Shifts
Alternatives to radiators for spaceships
Scientific basis to assume consciousness could survive if your body matter was disintegrated, then "magically" reconstituted?
The perception of time in a tidally-locked planet
How would a medieval city get cold drinks?
Why are escape pods used instead of transporters whenever an alarm sounds to abandon the ship?
Why would people be fearful of the dead?
Fictional Viking Styled Rank System
Earthborn Inferiority
Security issues with helmet cams and bodycams - what precautions are needed?
A time travelers impact on history
Is it plausible for self-destruct button to trigger a countdown?
How would a plant convert magma to energy?
Agriculture on Terraformed World with Slow Rotation
How can a lava-eater metabolism explained?
What's a good name for this technology?
I believe it's possible to live in this conditions. Is it?
Alchemical breakthrough allows me to synth anything. Now what should I be making for sale?
How to create a genetically high IQ population while avoiding regression to the mean as much as possible?
How to hide the fact that you're in an O'Neill cylinder?
How feasible is "invisible spray"?
How to feasibly make doorways lead to massive rooms and biomes?
How does an O'Neill cylinder generate its own magnetic field?
Could a solar superstorm or distant supernova wipe out all our extraterrestrial technology?
Of Nazis and Zombies
If you have multiple moons, do they behave in a standard way?
Could an unstable system of several celestial bodies exist?
Would human body adaption to sub-zero temperatures be actually beneficial in arctic climates?
What is an easy to access or make/extract poison
The consequences and the mechanisms of a shift of the Earth away from the sun
Legal consequences of duplicated and "resurrected" people in a Temporal shift
Would telephones necessarily appear ~50 years after the industrial revolution?
Impact of Orcs ritually removing tusks at birth?
How would a naturally higher healing rate affect society?
Variability in Alternate Universes
How can gods say that something goes wrong?
Radiation Protection in Mechanical Counterpressure Spacesuit
What could be cultural artifacts that represent each world biome?
Suppose the Orcs are mammals, why is their skin green?
Boiling Underwater Layer on an Ocean Planet
Life On Sale......?
Why does a god/godlike being care about mortal?
Lava behind a forcefield; How to solidify the lava in contact?
What planetary conditions would make flight easiest for both lighter than air and heavier than air craft?
What kind of material (for weapons) would be effective against ghosts in a medieval setting?
Would a 'silk road' type caravan butcher and prepare livestock en route?
Would a jellyfish type of animal be detectable by radar inside water?
If radio communication somehow requires atmosphere to work, how would space exploration be different?
Terraform Mars or Dyson Ring?
Why would a psychic subspecies of humanity choose not to communicate telepathically?
O'Neill/McKendree Looping River
Would a tank with a cloaking device be pointless?
Telekinesis in Science Fiction
Reason for leaving? Hibernation method?
What would a "molecular debonding spray" do?
How could a single individual warn the following civilization after the fall of our current one?
Extracting hydrogen from a star
Do orc's tusks have a place in modern society?
If my world is flat (obviously not possible) how would I explain the edges?
Real world datasets on medieval/early-modern military strength of cities/territories?
How to tell someone they have travelled in time, by gesturing?
Could a Saturn-like hexagonal cloud be possible in an earth-like planet?
What kind of gas would allow a rock to float? And what kind of rock would it be?
How would the world react to a dragon like species appearing?
Headlights at Light Speed
Where to live on a binary planet?
What fields of computer science would change in a world with mechanical computers?
Why would the Superior [Species X] ever choose to work with humans?
Giant animals for mounts in a high fantasy world
Binary star system, What time is it?
Sea/Air fighters using current/near future tech?
Is this an accurate simulation of a further south Australia with a filled lake Eyre?
How big could a moon be before its orbit became too unstable or tidally locked to its planet
How can you design a magical "familiar" without making it too powerful?
How could mammals evolve to resist damage from fire?
How can I justify what is basically a planetary ring system inside the atmosphere of my world?
Is a Pandoran Mountain Banshee with rider possible?
What factors cause a society where people have no family name?
What mechanisms can I use to instantly materialize an object?
Can a dual planet have an orbit around the Sun similar to Earth's?
Can you kill an idea?
What non-arachnid animal would be capable of spinning a web?
Flaw in having 2 circulatory systems: Bleeding to death
Can a Ringworld have a 'moon'?
How did fishermen fish from caravels or cogs?
Tips for a language spoken by a guinea pig-like race
What effect would a second moon the same size as ours have on our planet?
Are these technologies futuristic or are they already being used in real life?
Physics of a metal-poor world
Could you suspend your disbelief if I explain the oddities of quantum physics as a simulated universe with reduced dimensions?
A biological process for storing and excreting a fluid at will
Could a machine be built that allows you to talk on different frequencies?
Why would someone carry a traditional longbow instead of compound bow?
Is my method of changing the genetics of humankind realistic?
With an extra bright moon hanging above us, would stars still be visible in the night skies?
How fast would a race of humanoids establish a colony in Antarctica?
How long could someone with locked in syndrome survive in 1915
How do 21st century C.E. submersibles enter an underwater dome swiftly and safely?
Is this species scientifically plausible?
Can a planet be so near to a star that anything flying above a certain height would start melting or combusting?
How plausible would it be for a Reptilian race to have settlements in cold regions without hibernation?
Would a river running through a large salt deposit turn red?
How to Use Gravitons for Telekinesis?
Naval warfare in medieval fantasy
Why don't we have robot cops in the future?
Is making bullets from scratch possible?
Ergonomically correct eagle riders in the modern age
How Would Shoes Look On More Ape-like Feet?
