I was wondering what a good way to introduce a character
Can one feasibly sell an adult-content screenplay?
How to format the following dialogue without the parenthesis?
Can I adapt writing in a RPG forum to writing in a book?
List of wars someone could be a part of, if they were born a certain date
Potentially risky subject in my script
Does Japan have a Press Code?
Books on writing successful non-fiction
Commas at the beginning of a sentence: should I follow convention or intuition?
Am I over-explaining or being condescending to the reader?
Changing main character within a trilogy, is a good idea?
Omniscient POV vs deep 3rd person POV
How much is considered plagiarism?
How do I explain a lack of sufficient data in my essay?
How can I turn my short story into a novel?
Are 'how-to write fiction' books full of it?
Where can one go to find police procedures
What is the benefit of writing formally?
When to use normal caps and small caps in fiction?
AllPoetry management
Should I use letters or digits in the following case?
Character in Macbeth that maintains integrity in position of power?
How do I build a better blog website?
What is this 'pretend dialogue' technique called
Kindle Worlds Publishing Benefits, Statistics?
Offline Tool for finding identical/similar phrases in a text?
Is there a book title generator that takes an input and outputs plausible titles with related words?
Is replacing "this" with "a" allowed in fiction?
Is there a coherence problem in my story?
What is the benefit of using formal terms instead of informal ones?
Story beats for woman masquerading as a man
How do you find inspiration as a creative person?
I can't figure out to come up with a good plot!
How to correctly translate past-tense from languages without Pluperfect?
How to correctly identify publisher?
May I use real weapon names in my book without copyright problems?
Use of Building names in Fiction
Do word lists indexed by domain exist?
What is the average cost of software for DITA authoring?
Difference b/w Abstract and Introduction writing for a research paper
Do true publishers let you keep the copyright?
Would there be copyright problems in publishing a book based on a similar concept?
Where do you start researching something you know nothing about?
Documenting Agile Sprints
How can I trust that the proofreader and designer of a book will not plagiarize our work?
What is the voice called when the narrator is a secondary character?
What's the proper way to cite multiple interviews across a paper in Chicago Style?
What referencing style is this?
Using dictionary examples in the book - is it fair use?
Metaphor or Personification
Using species from another novel, in my novel, copyright infringment?
What kinds of legal clearances do you need to produce "fiction" that's "based on a true story?"
How does one become lucid in Copywriting?
What Self Publishing Company should I contact?
Choosing a license for an open-source book
Should quotation marks for titles of short works be included as part of link text?
Is it correct to use acronyms in a bio or should I omit it?
Any Guide Book - to understand - 1st Person / 2nd Person / All Knowing
How can I weave variety in this passage?
How does one get Fanfiction "Published"?
How to build a train of thought across multiple paragraphs and pages?
Software for keeping track of book edits?
What "kind" of writing is The Fixation of Belief essay by Charles Sanders Pierce?
How to tell where to place a parenthetical em dash phrase?
Where's the line between coincidental similarity between a character and a person, vs. being uniquely identifiable?
What are my legal rights if somebody writes a book about me without my consent?
Is there a database of plots that have not been "processed"/used yet?
Is the word "becoming" being used correctly in the following metaphor?
A question about dialogue and paragraphs?
Any way for revisions to show up in a different color from an older saved .fdr to a newer saved .fdr in version 7 of FinalDraft?
Is it a good writing practice to keep related elements as close as possible to each other?
Is there a way to know who bought my books on Amazon?
Compiling Articles in an ebook format
Right font style and size for a master thesis
"And" vs "with" in description lists
Should embedded figures/images be placed before or after they are referred to in text?
How can I encourage more comments on my blog?
The etiquette of updating News Posts - Help please!
About sites for amateur writers
Writing techniques or exercises to improve ability to show rather than tell?
Is the following "...noun, adjective..." structure allowed in fiction?
Can a Canadian Publisher now legally publish original James Bond fiction?
Editing: Those darn comma splices
Plot idea to make the murderer (involuntarily) reveal himself
What label to use in an article for a group of equations?
Does using narrow keywords increase conversion rate?
Poor man's copyright techniques
Do agents/editors take Snoflake Pro-based proposals seriously?
Real-Life Setting versus Fictional - Can They Attain the same Realism?
Is the following "shortening" allowed in fiction?
Page turnings clarification
Do many people print e-books?
Is it OK to use "I guess" in fiction?
Use of realism in a fictional setting
How do I get publishers and agents to read my full book?
Screenwriting courses online - Worth the money or not?
How can I ensure my POV character's writing isn't too sophisticated?
Unofficial Fan Fictions - How can I Secure Them?
Is it possible to practice the craft of creative writing in isolation?
What are ways to "Show, don't tell" without simply listing bodily actions?
Discouraging link to Lulu or CreateSpace
Punctuation in a list
"That's when" vs "That was when."
What advice is there for aspiring journalists and authors?
How to cite a film quote using MLA in text citations
"Thought" Verbs: A sign of weak writing or a stylistic choice?
How much detail is considered enough for literature review of a research paper
"This" vs "that" in past tense narrative
Writing nonfiction for mass audience
Getting help and/or mentoring, later in life
How do I convince readers to keep reading poems with fixed rhyme?
How to write a press release
How to decide whether contract "had", "did", and "would"?
Distribution, a competition with myself
Who to ask questions on prices?
References or tips for book editing (self-published books)
Name and Nickname
On using InDesign or Scribus
Children's Dialogue
Naming my character
Getting My Rights Back
Being a non-native English writer how can i improve my English Writing style?
Setting price $8.99 or $8.95 instead of $9
What was the legal doctrine or standard that made the following acceptable?
How much repetition is too much repetition?
Is there any research about the efficacy of illustration and example placement in procedure writing?
Originality of Writing
How to indicate the topic has been changed without using words?
What is the meaning of a cancelled publication in conference?
How would my work being available online affect my chances of a book deal?
How to stay motivated while writing a story, after the initial burst of enthusiasm?
Should I "spanglish" a Mexican character's dialogue?
Delerium too much like a dream?
How to stay motivated while rewriting?
How to keep going after a failed project?
Cite Multiple sources Chicago manual style
Should I use hypophoras at the beginning of every paragraphs?
in English, is it necessary to capitalize after a colon?
When should headers be used in writing?
Critical Elements Of A Story
How do I start using my heart over my head?
Quoting Song Lyrics or Naming a Song, Or Possibly Group/Singer
Citation anniversary editions
What does being "heavy handed" mean? And how does one avoid it?
Is sending your characters back to a different century a good way to disguise them?
Do I have to pay royalties when I use research information?
What science fiction sub-genre is my novel?
Technical writer degree with an English BA?
How to copyright ideas?
Can a Town/City Sue an Author for a Bad Portrayal in Fiction?
Am I correctly punctuating this pause?
How do I choose the most appropriate font for a professional document?
Are the tenses of the following piece correct?
Avoiding passing time by switching PoV - Viable method?
At what point in editing / revising does one poem become another poem?
Does Visual Appearance matter in blog writing
How to stay motivated and focused while writing
Anyone has any super intense software for plot outlining?
Omitting pronouns and possessive adjectives in fiction
The Yellow Wallpaper - What does *Smooch* imply?
Formatting for fading between a radio broadcast and the protagonist
Fantasy - chapter length
Overabundance of punctuation, too many pauses, like this title
How do sci-fi stories hold up if their premise or details become discredited?
MLA: citing indirect sources w/o quoting
How/When to include twists when developing plot.
Note taking from a textbook and publishing the notes online
Writing in a character's voice. How deep should I go with immersion?
Is it OK to add chapters to slow down the pace of the story?
How can I write a thesis statement and stay on topic in a persuasive essay?
Creative writing exercises for engineers
Any advice on how to learn DITA for technical writing?
Placing a "strong" verb before a "weak" verb
Using Present Tense to describe a Fact on a story that uses Past Tense
What is the number above rrd-h on copywrite page
How to write a conversation
Humor in Writing
How can I have my characters do bad things, without sending the wrong message?
Rapid Cross-Scene Cuts in Screenplay/Script
Resource for someone better at editing than writing
What exactly is a copywriter?
Alternating names
Ending a PhD thesis by saying "there is more to do"
Changing location in a fiction story with two or more story lines happening at same time
How can clarity and flow of long sentences be improved?
How do you make a vague metaphor more easy to understand?
What are the copyright limitations for adopting a fictional character's name as your Pen Name?
Time of Day Notes for Internal Scenes
Is there evidence for a categorical difference between British and American literary argument style?
Federal Research Book with 2 Publishers?
How to deal with online comments to published pieces?
How can I structure a novel to contain short stories?
Does "reversing" characters provide enough of a "disconnect "to defend against a libel suit?
Referring to characters that are too familiar for a name
Question about longer chapter length flashbacks
What are the correct terms regarding (this literary) technique?
Should I drop the quotation marks in a chapter that consists mostly on a character telling a story?
How ordinary must my protagonist be if the book is written from his/her point of view?
Skipping the action scene
Am I making the writing too complex?
How does one determine how much of a song you can use without paying?
How can I write in a way that encourages discussion?
Including a deceased person in a dedication
How to write a character who uses a lot of smalltalk without boring the reader?
In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?
APA Citation on online documentation
Structuring a novel like a television or graphic novel series
Fiction writing: is using Git overkill?
How much can I copy before it is considered plagiarism?
How formal should an article be?
Should I create my own ConLang for my story?
Attributing a real quote to a fictional character
Proper way to punctuate an abrupt stopping of speech?
When is Ghostwriting is legal and ethical?
How to use academic titles in the beginning of a paper
When you submit a manuscript for a picture book, where do the pictures go?
Writing content for website
An organization writes its acronym in lower-case - do I have to, too?
Quantity of Writing Needed to Find Representation For a TV Serial
What are some best practices/dos and don'ts of managing an online editorial calendar?
Untranslated text with a work being translated
Do I format other works' titles in my title?
What is a good alternative for 'Yours truly' while quoting yourself?
How do I demonstrate ideological differences between characters who are politically not too different?
Is Blogging considered a form of creative writing?
On mastering the art of writing descriptive passages on certain weather conditions
Printing by the Publisher
How to write a "strong" passage?
Skipping telling to get to the showing - pros and cons
using a literary agent
simultaneous dialogues in novels and short fiction
Using ideas posted on social media: is it ok?
Repeating the appearance of the main character in every book
Which narration style gives more authority over emotions
Types of articles in journalism
Is the Microsoft Manual of Style appropriate for writing general IT related instructional documents?
Name of a subsection and its parent section clash
How do you effectively denote a non-"heading-ed" transition into a concluding section?
Starting Out a Novel
Point of view chapter to chapter
Does this sentence excessively break the fourth wall?
Comparison for something that's 251 million tons
How to cite a letter in an anthology using MLA?
How to structure a sentence containing long code examples?
MLA parenthetical citation of a character in a novel
Commenting on blogs and forums
How do I create the rest of the story when I only know the ending?
Subtitle for Short Story
How to show that a character is quoting from a book?
How to decide the position of short phrases?
In APA style, how do I cite an indirect source?
Prologues with no protagonist - How can they work?
How to search for similar works
How do I tell the story of a societal change using a discrete number of narrators?
Least distracting method of citing in a book?
How much do you get for publishing an article in the newspaper?
Problem with hired freelance editor
Which one is the correct dialogue punctuation format?
Pieces missing from my narrative
How do you get paid for getting your book published?
How to correctly punctuate this dialogue?
Should I ever repeat the affiliation of a person?
Use of old ads in a book
My story moves too fast
Is it more optimal to make a longer story or leave it at three pages?
Why do writers sometimes use so much description?
Is there a free online alternative to Scrivener?
Multiple sentences in a parenthetical phrase - How do I punctuate properly?
How to name characters of unspecific nationality and race?
Citing someone's work, copying and pasting fragment. Is that OK?
When is it best to use a bulleted list, a table, a sentence, or something else?
How to choose a good/suitable pseudonym
Clear steps for developing a powerful inner conflict
Any Good Method for Calculating Word Count Based on An Outline?
Should I turn my enormous novel into a series?
If the agency doesn't state specifically, should I send my query to a specific agent, or to it in general?
How do you convey nonverbal utterances?
Writing a PhD thesis. Question about (an informal) introduction
First-time author...can I publish in English in Mexico?
What is the main inner conflict in Harry Potter?
Horror story for a game - how to create dread?
Description and speech in one paragraph?
Is there a "literary Olympus" in the current publishing landscape?
Order of names in title
Gracefully state novelty of a thesis in the introduction
How to engage a child audience when my characters have no language?
the use of "now" in past tense
Why are the paragraphs of a document often indented and not vertically separated?
How to balance for readers who are not technologically literate
What are some common pitfalls when adapting a novel (thematic autobiographic in this case) to a screenplay?
How should I write a post containing analysis and python code?
Should I write "also known as" in full or as an acronym (aka)?
Can I Use "You?"
How do I write numbers in dialogue?
How to write a "state of the art" chapter
How to ask for response in an official letter?
Chicago- Paraphrasing a whole page from Author into 1 paragraph- what is the citation?
Writing about a real place
Any helpful tips on how to, better use description in my writing?
Writing a scientific name in an italized phrase?
What are common academic categories of a story’s relationship to an audience?
What exactly is "fair comment?"
A grand scheme or destiny in literature
Filter Words in Dialog
The extent of obscure references
Is the word block in 'block D' capitalized?
How to write an essay on a very narrow field
Adding the word "that" to maintain symmetry in sentences
Stutter that changes words mid sentence
Examples in APA format
Using expletives in an essay
How do I realistically describe using a whip?
How political can an author's note be, would the following fly?
What makes a piece "lyrical"?
How to write romance without falling into cliché?
Should postal address formats change when translated?
Capitalization of Open form Compound Words in Titles
What is an APA-certified editor?
How should I translate this?
Do publishers prefer a particular type of poem?
Technical Documentation Voice Preference : "Active Voice" - "Passive Voice" - A Mixture of both
MLA in-text Citations with no author, as well as same title?
Using a foreign language that uses a different written alphabet
Do words like "start", "realize", and "decide" add ambiguity to actions?
What is a productive response to a negative review?
Where does the power granted by a theme come from?
What's the common practice for warranty chapters in technical manuals?
Use of ampersand, colon and dash in the title of a newsletter article
How do I implement a scholarly citation style in an online format?
Female Pet Names that a Londoner might use?
Creating species/race names for supernatural/fantasy fiction
Superpowers in Writing - Cool for the sake of cool
Use of the Chicago Manual of Style by UK-English writers
Is it OK for a first person narrator to directly state the other character's emotions?
Cry, the beloved country title meaning
What's the initial small caps rule of this book?
How should footnotes be used in non-paginated media?
Can I legally use experimental items in my book?
How do you decide where to place a filler?
Who do I cite as my source?
APA Citation Page - problems with issue number and journal names
What is the most important element of a drama, beside its message?
How does one avoid imposing one's own voice and preferences in critiques?
How do I choose a name for my character?
Should I use ellipses in narration?
MLA: How do I cite a movie that was republished on YouTube?
online database of clever phrases
Quoting lyrics in a book of film criticism
Using "and/or" in a manuscript
Ethics of incorporating a supplier's technical documentation into one's own documentation?
Does copyright law let me publish my detailed notes of someone else's speech?
Recommendations for reputable writing critique site for non-native English speaker?
I want to name a character something but j feel like people would say I'm copying Veronica Roth, my favorite author. What should I do?
What's the best text editor for a technical reference manual?
How to convey newlines in tweeted poetry, if at all?
Urban Writing Question
How Do I Fill In The Gaps Between The Chapters
Structuring and audience in non-fiction
How to create a functional document for in-house reference?
Multiple POV novel - introducing rules of magic
Is it OK to omit the following "grammatical rules" in fiction?
how do i differ my abstract from my introduction?
How do I cite an unnamed lecture that took place somewhere in Dade County and was published on YouTube?
Issue in citing legal cases, APA
Is using "gonna" in first-person narrative acceptable?
Can I Copyright My FaceBook Status Post?
Seeking advice for maintaining child like authenticity without being too immature for the audience
How to avoid switching between formal and informal in an essay?
Dot after figure title?
How do I tell my short story?
Condensing words, to condense or not?
How to decide where to break a novel
Novel set in Forgotten Realms universe
Real cities & placing fictional cities
Degree of symmetry in lists
How to «show» an irrelevant detail without expressively «tell»?
Nonlinear novels
Writing free-form versus creating a plot online?
What defines a "scene"?
Does this read as archaic?
Is there an objective way to determine that writing is "stilted and cluttered"?
Graphical presentation method nomenclature
Can your current work of fiction be influenced by a sequel?
Is breaking the fourth wall to the point of nonexistence appropriate for a comedy book?
How to describe a hypnotized state?
What are the reasons behind Writer's block?
How do you decide whether to use the infinitive or -ing version of a verb?
How do I create different speaking styles for my characters?
Direct thoughts
How do I punctuate a statement that a character is ordered to say in a future scenario?
How can I make believable motivations for antagonists?
"Empty-space" vs "three-dot" scene break
Good style guide on order to list people for non-fiction writing?
Should I use ideas for my story now, or in a sequel?
Time management for part-time writing
Can a male writer write from a female perspective?
Are there times when delayed character development is acceptable in fiction?
Are there words that are "stronger" than others? If so, why?
Clichéd Actions
What is Content Testing?
How Much $ For Advances?
How fast do traditionally-published books sell after they have been published?
Methods for creating slang
I want to reference TV shows and other media in my story. how do I avoid copyright issues?
How much character description is considered necessary in a "plot driven" story?"
What are the psychological ramifications if my protagonist is injured by accident or via an attack?
Should word choice be varied or consistent?
How do I best help the reader understand the contextual meaning meaning of a particular phrase?
Studies of when to kill a character
The backstory's overwhelming the actual story
Non native writers who learned English late
APA style in-text citations
How can I implement more show less tell in my writing?
What "formats" are there for eBooks?
Writing Style Changed
How can I learn to think and interpret things more critically?
What's a nice title for a persuasive essay arguing that affirmative action is not helpful?
General copyright - How much is actually copyrighted?
Essay Structure - Introduction
Should "plot" or storyline be the main determinant of what goes into a story?
What are the poetry/quotes at the start of a chapter/book called?
Skipping details in a scene
Is mathematical poetry a form of poetry?
How detailed should the description of the POV character be?
Words vs minutes goals
What are the elements of a good blurb?
Stuck at outlining a script
World Building vs Story Writing
How to approach an "Imagine and Describe" creative essay prompt?
Are essays supposed to be formal?
Use Pen Name after Blunder?
Lists of description appropriate for formal writing?
Are position titles capitalized when the subject is dropped
How to sell a screenplay?
How Can I Effectively Develop Fictional Characters
Would the Following be Correctly Formated?
Customising book titles in references/sources
Which are the Best resource to learn comedy screenwriting?
How to write for a certain audience?
Is it ok to "reprise" a scene from an earlier screenplay in a sequel?
Can I publish excerpts from a letter without permission?
How do I cite this page?
Advice on writing a research paper
Should I write "what do the data show" or "what does the data show"?
How to start writing a book?
Should I prefer writing a Hard diary or Soft diary?
Constructed Language - spelled like it sounds?
Renting my book?
Where can I get/generate a custom font?
Does the first sale doctrine invalidate non commercial licences?
How often do I need to footnote a paragraph based on the same source
Usage of margin notes vs. footnotes
How to change Microsoft Word Heading style
Are some literary devices better suited to screenwriting than others?
Three Act Structure - How do I include it?
What is the story or format called when the protagonist is not the "hero?"
What is the correct formatting for actions taken before dialogue?
is there a "standard" plot structure where the protagonist has a "bird in hand" at the end of Act II?
How to prioritize projects
How important is being well read for a writer
Is it copyright infringement to have a character too similiar to an already existing character?
Basics in the world building of a novel
Trying to make a gun making scene realistic
Using Pronoun 'It' repetitvely for emphasis?
What is the role of memorable lines in movies?
Is a novel with 50K words more likely to sell than one with 40K?
Is a fictional story set in another world harder to get into?
Do you capitalize common nouns (e.g. beach party) if they're part of an event name?
Copywriting question, error by publisher
How to handle characters being funny in a dire situation without ruining the mood
How to create good character names?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?
How to assemble recipes without plagiarism?
What are conventions of ghost stories?
I am an unestablished author with a decent book. Should I publish online, or try to find a 'real' publisher?
Is it a bad idea to publish individual chapters of my book idea online for feedback?
manuscript new versions and First Publishing Rights?
Can a character arc "overshoot" and then revert?
How to cite information from the Human Genome Project (website)?
Copyright of a TV series when used as reference?
How do you write a "Statements addressing the Key Selection Criteria"?
Dealing with quick shifts in emotion
How to format multiple inner voices, differentiating the text from dialogue? and omnipresent inner voice
How to write about transgender issues while avoiding cognitive dissonance?
How to google the ungoogleable?
How can I improve my writing's pacing and sophistication?
How to make the reader "accept" absurdity?
Commercial novels, a prefered POV?
Difference between Analytical Writing and Critical Writing
Should I force-developing a story to a setting I have?
Non-human protagonist - Good, bad, or up to the writing?
What to Research for Military Fiction?
First person, when is close, too close?
Story development: Multiple characters premises
Is BDSM becoming mainstream?
What is it called when an author uses vague words for concrete concepts, "hedging"?
How important is a catchy first paragraph?
How could collaborative writing in one world work?
How much time should you devote to learning the craft?
Where to print a weekly black & white comic magazine
How to cite a report in APA style
Citing an article with multiple authors in APA style
Feedback: What to use and what to ignore?
How to express myself in a sensible way
Should you publish or share poetry that was written simply in an angry or sad rant?
How to properly cite a source in your footnotes?
How to write when thinking in multiple languages?
I have three dead-end chapters. Should I keep them or remove them?
Can I change my work and seel it if I am published with no contract?
Prologue and Epilogue in third person and chapters in first person doable?
Is the following deus-ex-machina? If so, should I remove it?
Footnote placement -- inside or outside terminal quote?
How can I determine a genre's target audience?
Subtle writing and speed readers
Can Bridging Conflict Work When the Answer is Known?
How to make a character that doesn't speak about himself relatable?
As a journalist, how can tipsters contact me about the story I'm writing before it's published?
Novelizing non-fiction, is it worth it?
I need to smash a wrist in a grocery store
Where are some good places to publish free flash fiction?
Rare list of character archetypes and psychology?
Is scripting a cartoon tv show the same as scripting a movie?
How to avoid repeating the adjective “corresponding”?
How Does the Publishing Process Work?
Questions about book
How to suddenly introduce a scary character, but include description?
The fine line between accurate science, and confusing my reader
Should I completely eliminate passive voice
Can I use an alien species name from another work of literature in my story?
Manuscript format: Straight or curly quotation marks?
What is considered an acceptable length for a technical document?
What is a "reflection character?" How is s/he different from an antagonist?
Is there a problem in switching from present to past for a backstory sequence?
Narrating something that happened between chapters as a flashback in a present-tense novel
Writing a Romance novel, starts in present but after two chapters the flashback starts
How to improve logic/reduce plot holes?
technical subjects - non-fiction vs fiction
Synonym for 'overly obvious'?
Formatting to show system errors in fiction?
So, where do I begin?
My story passes in choppy blocks - how can I fix it?
Should I ever break up a long line of dialogue in different paragraphs?
Which citation style do I use if I'm writing a religious book?
Writing and proofreading a book in English - non-native speaker
How rough should a rough draft be
How to find the balance between research and the obvious
Asking people permission to publish their letters.
In fiction, is the use of old-fashioned verbage or voice (ex. Tolkien, Le Guin) advisable?
Do I need a complete collection of essays with which to approach an agent or a sampling?
controversial rape subject in mainstream novel?
How to handle a pidgin language?
Where to find authors of the articles from the Times archive?
Is there a language technique for factual, philosophical style writing?
How to handle dialogue?
Are "print world rights in English" the same as "First World Print Rights"?
Writing a character that has many names
If you could design writing software, what would be your top 5 required features?
When is repetition good?
Using filler words like 'So', 'Anyway'
Poetry or Poem Writing?
When having a character ask a question...
Fragmented sentence
Writing a Novel
Self-publishing / marketing children's book
Quick-start to journalism?
Make Emacs (or vim etc) like Ulysses
What do you think about having very different tones in a single story?
Capitalizing generic names
What to do with cliched metaphors?
At what point disappointment and frustration within the story makes the reader abandon it?
Starting my essay with one word (MLA)
How to decide whether a story is worth writing?
A climax where the goal is instantly achieved - Is it satisfying?
How do I get from the plot outline to an scene-for-scene summary?
Learning to write transitions and segues
Use Moscow Metro in a book
Main character trouble
When to start submission campaign for a free ebook referencing another book?
How to show a crying/sad scene without using sentimentalism?
When using freewriting, should I avoid correcting typos?
Beginning to write a novel?
How much heed should we pay to writing advice
When Dialogue is used for more than one character?
Writing song lyrics
What do I put on my copyright page when self-publishing?
How to Develop a Theme Before Writing a Novel
What's a good, wholesome, smut-free site where I can 'publish' my fiction writings for my friends to read?
How to deal with a story that 95% of it takes place in a different language country and the protagonist speaks in it?
In a screenplay, how do you show people talking over each other?
How do you describe the sound of someone being dragged across the floor?
Do I have to write my book in the main character's POV?
How long can a prologue be, and what should you not do?
Based on where I put a comma in a long sentence, can it confuse the readers from the way its supposed to be read?
Naming a book in a language different from where it would be published: is it good?
Sequence of Events
Is it strange to describe the narrator's facial expressions in a first-person narrative?
How to write a book in 2 weeks?
Is the word Nazi italicized? [MLA]
Ways to remove "filtering" in narration?
Main noun: How do you decide where to place it?
What makes a bestseller - Writing or Setting?
How to view all book reviews in one place?
Where are the six honest serving men?
Scene order: is this order of scenes confusing?
Is it possible to find authors' agents?
Market for novellas and/or novelettes
How do screenwriters incorporate song scenes into a screenplay for a musical?
Mixing dialogue and action in the same paragraph?
Thinking as a character
Can you use et al. in a Bibliography?
Usage of archaic words
Building new species. How deep and how complex?
Creating An Original World
Purchasing copies of my own book with my own ISBN from Amazon prohibited?
Developing your writer's voice
Is it appropriate to use real-life quotes in fantasy/sci-fi novels set in alternate worlds?
Appropriate leading for blogs?
Has leading changed over the last 15 years?
What type of writing is suited to an aspiring professional storyteller?
Legal or copyright problems using Google drive or other cloud storage for story notes?
Opening of a cover letter
Avoid repeating specific words with no synonyms
Exaggeration vs believability in humor writing
Is it a good idea to stay away from past progressive in fiction?
How can I stress a certain word in a medium that doesn't allow for font embellishments?
How to write about Autism and Intellectual Disability?
Action/dialogue tags: What's the right amount?
Spacing out dialogue?
How do you make page numbers in google docs?
Is showing motion by repeating words a sign of bad writing?
self publishing
academic writing: direct quote
How To Write Concisely
Paraphrasing this part
Continue working it through or start over?
Describing The Sky In A Screenplay
A Background Voice Heard Over A Phone
Use Of '!?' In Screenplays
What's the best way to punctuate a list with an comma-containing item?
How much effort should I spend explaining plot device?
First time translator
Are there any translation check tools?
Which is the best resource to learn how to write a sitcom?
Technical writing -- best solutions for gathering and compiling data/information
How to share research and character notes between multiple works in Scrivener?
I am looking to self publish a book but I don't need everything the sites offer
How to format common words that are made "special"?
Traditional vs. Self Publishing... Show me the Money?
How far into a story can I go until not physically describing main characters becomes really weird?
Essay Writing Introduction Paragraph
How to Choose What is Included in Table of Contents for ePub Book
How to make distinguishing characters who have almost the exact same traits?
Difficult scenes help please!
Effective differentiation of dream sequence from "normal text"
Are using adverbs in dialogue/action tags a sign of bad writing?
Writers block: Lost momentum, can't write even a sentence
Could children get tattoos?
Is it OK to add description just because a chapter has none?
How to write an instructor instructing others about complicated tasks?
Is it possible to tweak a book title after it's got an ISBN?
Setting Up The Climax & Eventual End of The Story
How can I find and research places to publish fiction?
Revision Process Order
Position of Footnote on Page
Is it okay to publish a book at a young age?
Empires Rise and Fall, People Come and Go
Should an author seek copyright clearance before finding a publisher?
How important is education for an author?
Addressing "logo-ification" of an organization's name in their literature
Writing from a hive mind POV
Can the main conflict be the inner conflict?
Are there any proper ways of using/implementing "e.g." in a "Research Narrative"?
Is it legal to self-publish books independently (in any form) with no LTD, L.L.C., D.B.A., etc.?
Write a book with "protected" characters/ideas without copyright?
What are some Que and Clues on 3rd Person POV shift?
Map of my fantasy world - how do realms, kingdoms, cities, towns and villages fit into it?
Is there a name for stories which weave initially separate viewpoints into a single plot?
Amazon question: Can different pen names under the same KDP account be publicly connected?
How to ask detailed questions about a novel?
Spacing for quotes within quotes
Can a foreign language novel have English character names?
Writing the role of the actor in a movie/play
How to mark own translation?
Research overgrown main novel plan and writing
Original writing is lost when using other people's ideas?
Is history best left untold?
Is copyright available if you put your story on the internet?
What's the best way to format dialogue that goes back and forth (with three characters in the scene)?
Position of Footnote on Page
Finding it difficult and stress provoking to write a long post
Should I write the actual death scene?
Are compound verbs frowned upon?
What do I need to know about publishing a book which I have illustrated, not written?
English, Commas
Tool to batch convert DOI to citations?
Getting past a dead end
How to turn an unknown detail in the story into a mystery instead of a lacking detail?
Starting a book with a scene from the middle
What is the original source of the Lawrence Durrell quote starting with "My spirit turns more and more [...]"?
Techniques to avoid superlatives in intense fiction scenes
George Orwell (1984) - Monologue
Do readers care about any kind of mystery? What makes them prefer one from another?
Connecting my plot to different locations in my world
How can I write a polite reminder letter?
Would publishing my book like the "Stacks Project" increase the readership of my book?
Use of copyright across nations
Can someone help invent an expression for this situation?
Can anyone please help me, Is my letter write?
Should I do anything else with this indirect source?
Possible To Introduce A Character Through A Dialogue?
In play writing, script writing or theatre is there a name for some exchange of dialogue between characters that is supposed to make a point?
Should I Kill My Main Character?
Is this too much of a coincidence?
How do I get rid of the tic of paired adjectives, predicates, etc.?
Constructed Language - how to spell words that will be mispronounced in English
How to create feeling with setting
How do you write boy & girl protagonists without turning them into a love story?
When having a plot twist, does there have to be foreshadowing of it?
What settings are appropriate for IngramSpark?
Writing about a future hapenning with a present time narrative
Describing camera movement in the ACTION?
What is front/back matter?
Publishing Through Blogs/Story Equivalent of Webcomic?
Licensed out content for book, whose name in copyright notice?
Is it ok for a tough character to be "petty"?
There is too much beauty in this picture I can persevere
Creating the goal of a scene when the main character is passive?
Taxonomy of understanding: term
What are elements to consider when writing a review for a videogame?
Foreword/introduction to the translation
How does the length/position of action tags affect the dialogue?
Relative clause or a new sentence. Which is better in an introductory paragraph?
Character name and its capitalisation
What is the best publisher for a computer science book
Does this sound too similar to Guardians of the galaxy?
Can someone give me an example of a figure of speech that could realistically be confused for a literal statement?
How to write about disgusting subjects?
Thesis: Discussion, Conclusion, Summary, Outlook,
How does an author determine how much foreshadowing is needed?
How can I surprise my readers with a surprise betrayal?
How do I get my ebook advertised for free?
Handwriting change
Current best program for self-publishing?
What makes the death of a character satisfying?
How to do research to write characters from a different culture?
Punctuation before / after em dash and speech mark
How to write about an emotion you never experienced?
Multiple personalities character's speach in text
Fantasy and Science Fiction - should I choose a separate publisher?
What should a literary writer read?
For a new writer, is it better to enter contests or submit to magazines/journals?
What does it mean when someone says "it doesn't sound very natural"?
Use of exclamation for the counter-intuitive
MLA citation in the middle of a sentence?
Having poems published in magazines/journals Vs. Posting them online for free?
Untranslated passages in translated works
What is the meaning of the dictum that the third act should contain the greatest crisis?
Would Office Open XML or OpenDocument Format be better for my needs?
How to begin Ghostwriting Fiction?
How do I stop using 'which' to explain things
How can a poor communicator protagonist (but great story teller author) tell a fine narrative in first person POV?
Can a character with poor communication skills be used to create an excellent first-person narrative?
Mobile writing: can you write substantial works on a Psion palmtop or similar?
Can you sell a book for money while having it published online for free?
Story teller dilemma
How to write about simple locomotion?
How important is a story's introduction?
How to write in a diary regularly?
What are the stylistic advantages/disadvantages of each narrative tense?
Should I be a Novel Writer or a Screenwriter?
Why does this software suggest capitalizing the word 'dragon'?
Software for determining verb tense
Alternatives to "The question sought to determine whether or not ..."
How to write a guide based on personal experiences without sounding as if I'm bragging?
Can writing actually be creative?
Motif, or something else?
Punctuation help needed -- first-time novelist
How to work on a new software feature that affects different topics
How Much Descriptive Information Is Enough For a Locale In A Screenplay?
Can an overdone theme still work?
Can the protagonist lose his strength without losing the reader?
Writing Multiple Protagonists
Angry tone of voice in a question
Quoting a Nursery Rhyme
How to cite this document in APA style of citation
CreateSpace and Amazon Sales
What is a ballad?
Are there stories where characters are supposed to "grow" into another character?
Editing/Proofreading marks
What's the most natural way to show a passage of time between the prologue and chapter one?
Magic or No Magic?
Where is a good place to post an 800 word essay on encouragement
how can I promote my Kindle Direct book?
Spaces in the ellipsis in novels
How to move from writing scenes to a short plot?
Unique ways to do an infodump for an isolated protagonist
In what situation do you put a full-stop after an ellipsis?
What is the "inner consistency of reality" that Tolkein refers to in his essay On Faerie Stories?
Non-linear style used by *Arrow*
What are the drawbacks of writing too much in the active voice?
writing dialogues using contracted forms of auxiliary verbs
Techniques to get rid of "was" and make one's writing more engaging
I am a 16 year old who wants to be a writer, but can I?
Database for Characters?
Does a writer have any rights to a work that has been completely rewritten by another writer?
How should I break down a huge table of contents?
2 points of view at the same time
How to cite literary (fiction) fragments in a naturals sciences journal?
How do I write in the language of a strict, serious character without using too much exposition?
Are non-speaking characters in a screenplay introduced in all caps?
Should I use "could be" or "could have been" in past-tense narration?
How to write a character's progression
I'm writng a biography; what questions should I ask when interviewing the subject?
How do you know if a book is ready?
Film script - writing scene transition from TV Broadcast to story reality
How to cite nonpersonal email
Question about punctuation and action tags
How Can You Include Public Stakes in a Character Novel?
How to self-publish?
Report writing: should I use ® © symbols?
What are some good writing analyzing software programs?
What's the best way to make a catchy slogan?
Writing thesis paper: Grammar correction tool
Translate and publish in English
copyright issues and permissions
Require Writers Marketplace
Best practices for designating prose as intellectual property?
Choice of format for publishing to Kindle
Characters referred to in some way other than numbers
What is an alternative for "the size of a pack of cigarettes"?
Amazon statistics, who is selling how much
How to find authenticity in a character of color
How To Write An Unreliable Narrator?
What is the fastest way to make an editor hate me?
Authoring tool for interactive documentations
Dialogue identifying the character that is currently speaking
Using colons and semi-colons in dialogue
How to home print a novel?
Can anyone provide any recent examples of characters which first appeared in a short story, eventually becoming major TV or Film properties?
How do I write about something which can only be felt with closed eyes?
Show more not tell implementation in writing?
How do you properly add paragraphs into a research paper?
How do I write dialogue to evoke a historical setting?
Writing a trail guide for mountain bike trails - advice on the process
How to make a list enjoyable to read?
Can non-interactive stories make an audience feel guilt, and if so, how?
Should I have my work edited by a freelance editor before seeking publication?
How to make horror events more interesting in daytime
Forming The Perfect Inspirational Character
Using comma splices in dialogue
"Works" in Works Cited when there is only one source?
Character development and suspense
How long is too long for a blog post?
What's the exact format of letters/text messages inside novels?
Structure for a summary of a thesis/research paper
Avoiding the "as you know" trope in exposition
Is trying to write an entire novel in one month possible?
How practical and feasible is it to work on more than one novel / story at one time?
How do writers differentiate personal beliefs from the messages of their writing in public discourse?
Following the Chicago Manual of Style, what's the correct format and sequence for a citation of one out of a series of pamphlets?
Can you make (Negative) references to real people and places in a novel?
A comparative analysis of Scrivener 2 and iBook Author
Resources for learning how to craft plots
Is it necessary for an article about a problem to address solutions as well?
Format keyboard keys in documents
Can the title of a book be slightly modified on the cover?
Can I write about an old and real person that is strongly related to a company?
What kind of paper do novels use and why?
How does one indicate uncertainty in a quote?
Is it a good idea to try to make my readers feel attached to the character's home?
Questions on a plausibility of a Naruto Homage
How can I make my writing more interesting?
In what parts of a newspaper/magazine one could get an article published?
Tools to help me write SOPs for graduate school
"Till now" in formal letter
What is the fine line between "confidence" and "presumption"?
How add my alphabet to new book?
Immortal cultural themes
Where can one go to get a hard cover book bound?
How to copyright a book without lawyer and outside USA?
Amateur who's writing own work for HubPages - should I move to Blogger/Blogspot?
Show Don't Tell
Where to insert chapter breaks
Websites for free feedback on stories?
Complicated names - spelling question based on a character hearing the name said
seeking a humorous example of long winded paragraph one sentence long
In a formal writing, does having a paragraph rewritten by another person make the style change noticablely?
I like to write but I keep stopping myself
Past perfect in past tense narrative: When to use and when not to?
What are appropriate uses of rhetorical questions?
How can I convey something without going into details?
Acronym issue transitioning from prose to dialogue
What is the difference between yellow journalism and sensationalism?
Having a character quote an entire stanza of a poem
Making modern references
Presenting Fiction as Non-Fiction
Do US literary agents accept manuscripts from UK?
I'm shy to let my friends read my books
Can you do a "selective" word count in Scrivener?
How do publishers expect authors to use social media to promote their books?
Should I put diagrams into a formal essay?
In present-tense narrative, does "I spend the NEXT few hours..." make sense?
Playwriting: What is the difference between parentheticals and stage directions?
Wording of comparing X vs Y and X vs Z but not X vs Y vs Z
Self publishing a collection of poems
'I would argue that ABC.' vs 'ABC.'
How Much Dialogue Is Too Much Dialogue
Correct punctuation for he said, she said
How do you cite when using a reference twice within the body of a composition but not necessarily in the same paragraph?
A self-absorbed female character: key words and pet phrases needed
When not to use commas before dialogue (and capitals)
How can I write acronyms in fiction?
Confidentiality Concerns
How can one establish a discipline of sticking to a writing schedule?
Speaking of Living Rooms
Include both foreword and introduction in small report
Is there a name for the **writing** tic/technique in which the **writer** inserts an aside beginning with "well"?
What does an internship for freelance writing entail?
How to format neural actions in a story
Expressing mocking humor
Can I use already used fictional language?
Gratuitous use of magic: poor writing and/or unenjoyable?
Writing figures in novels
How to write an elevator speech for MYSELF?
What should you do if the events in your story happen in real life just when you finish writing it?
Is it necessary to explain what is written in upcoming chapters?
Should I use the actual page number, or the PDF's page number in a parenthetical citation?
"Proposed Method" in Academic Paper
What is the purpose of using Roman numerals as page numbers?
What does "(ph)" mean when written after a transcribed word?
Maintaining readers over time with serialized fiction?
What is simplistic writing?
How can you write during a full work day?
How do you know if your writing can become a story?
Which one and why: (alphabets and integers sets) OR (alphabets set and integers set)?
How to motivate yourself to finish something?
Two perspectives in a non-fiction book
Illustrations for a children's book to be republished
Adding coding template in a Google blogger
Writing productivity trackers
How to collect my ideas in one story?
Writing backwards
Is "vampiric" a legitimate word?
Fallacy of relative privation? Propaganda device? Unobtrusive slander? What is it?
Term for stereotype stories
How would I keep using past tense with resulting actions
IS vs ARE question
How can I establish ownership over my work?
How to describe pain in first person?
Photos in Screenplays
Which year to cite reference as?
How to license my translation to be published under my copyright?
Can the author control Amazon excerpts or are they automatically generated?
Is it possible for characters to get stuck reacting the same way to everything?
What are potential pitfalls for a young writer?
Should I describe my characters going to the toilet?
How to be good at analysing texts
Allowing people to edit/proofcheck my posts on wordpress.com
I'm unable to figure out the logical solution to a problem; how do I keep writing?
First page of the Diary - Quote
Present tense novel with past tense flashbacks
Including text file name in footer of compiled Scrivener document?
What is the best way to avoid plagiarism when importing information from a source?
My Conflict Doesn't End at the Climax. What can I do?
How to reference an ISO/IEC?
Adding figures into a report, How to cite?
How to write about paternal and maternal grandparents?
If I write an erotic / porn novel now, what are the chances that it might impact my mainstream writing career?
Disable Auto-Enumeration on Export to tex in Scrivener
Is it possible to do novel-scale writing on a Chromebook?
How to help reader visualize the environment in a story?
How I should handle gender-neutral pronoun in technical writing?
Is it good/bad/neutral to introduce a character's day to day life if it's immediately going to be drastically changed?
Influence of The Protagonist's Birthday
Do I need to cite quotes when conversing casually with friends?
How to write a homosexual character, whose homosexuality isn't the point of the story?
Citations for summary on a journal article - APA formatting
publishing my first book - in an economical way
Is this America Star Books Special Services unsolicited email a positive step in publishing and marketing?
Writing an overempowered antagonist?
What is the significance of the owl with respect to writing?
Use of the Oxford comma
How to replace overuse of "I" in a short story, fiction, written in the first person
APA Headings- Frequency
How do I bring my readers closer to my characters when using the third person?
Getting started with TV writing?
What are symbols for a highly painful and irreversible trauma of a woman?
Should the amount of work I write as a high school senior be a concern when choosing a career?
What is the best use of perspective for works with multiple authors?
How should I have my male character express strong feelings?
What's the name of this poetic form?
Can I write a Hero's Journey without them leaving an Ordinary World? (Monomyth template)
Using a slash in citations
Pacing yourself as a writer.
When does satire (parody) become plagiarism?
Where can I find a professional publisher who will accept my book?
Doubts about editing?
How can I avoid using the first person in a report when directly referring to work and experiences I have had?
Acquiring vocabulary to write fiction
Author and illustrator - Do publishers like authors who are also illustrators?
I'm scared that my story is plagiarizing another story
Can Extensive Outlining Take the Place of the First Draft?
When is passive voice acceptable?
Including Scrivener custom metatag in footer?
Is it acceptable to use numbers as in-text citations?
What is the story structure called when someone doesn't know they have the solution to their problem in hand?
Should I write something I don't care about first?
Handling a small detail the POV character would not notice
How do I work through writer's block?
Should you emphasise text within quotation marks?
Any techniques to make the reader feel sad and very sorrowful?
Is it acceptable to ask a question in an argumentative paper?
Are there any good tools out there to track your submissions to agents or publishers?
An online resource where writers can get quick answers to questions about the real world?
How do I find flaws in a character I'm building?
Use of ellipses at the end of a passage
Why is having too many symbols a bad idea?
What word processor is recommended for writing a technical (programming) book?
Should I use a pen name so I don't get confused with other authors with similar names?
Swearing in a book, within a context. Too offensive?
How to make travel stories interesting?
Can I use an old painting of Lilith as my book cover?
How can I include my own words within the quotation?
Arch Hero and Arch Nemesis in one book
How to format the transcript of a telephonic conversation for email?
Building empathy with a character and interest in a story
Does dialogue always need to have its own line?
What aspects of written dialogue are important when giving characters a unique voice?
What aspects of written dialogue are important when giving characters a unique voice?
In English non-fiction, should I try to place the important parts at the beginning of the sentence?
How many errata are too many?
Switching to fiction software
How to avoid the 'magic explanation' info dump in Fantasy novels
How do I index an author who published with and without middle initial?
How long does it take to write a 1000 word SEO topic?
Repeating a subject
Concepts for more interesting introductions in papers
Children's book copyright issues
Writing confirmation job duties letter
How to avoid plotholes when writing stories with dense mythologies?
What is a "methodology" I can I use/follow to determine the ideal set of protagonists for my story?
Attracting and retaining volunteers to edit technical doc for open source projects
Plural of single letter variables
Can I use the same message over a series of novels?
Will changing a protagonist into an antagonist alienate readers?
Is it hard for a foreigner to publish in English?
How to write a scene where something devastating suddenly happens?
How do I structure an essay into a thesis statement and three points in three paragraphs? -this is not a school homework
How can I tell if a novel idea is made for a series or a stand-alone?
How to determine if a story would benefit from multiple first-person POVs?
Translation rights acquisition: what fees will there be and how much will they be?
Help describing dogs' physical appearance and movement
How do I write sexual tension between two characters?
Add Document Data to Chapter Title
Plural of the scholastic grade A
Show the translation of foreign language thoughts in a manuscript?
How to give written advice in a way that is encouraging, not overbearing
Can anyone think of books that contain two separate stories or two very different perspectives on the same story being told together?
How to write a death scene without making it overdramatic?
How do I start to document an API that uses C#?
Submitting new work to another publisher while first deal is pending
When should my amnesiac protagonist regain memory?
Is there a way to add discovery into a short story?
Switching POV from protagonist to antagonist?
Ways to influence the readers subconscious?
How to write a story that spans decades
Is Polari too familiar and recently used to "steal" for a cant in a fantasy setting?
Changing points of view with geographical shifts as well as character changes between scenes
Writing Action In A fictional Journal
Writing a bad review in a tactful way
Not resolving the main / significant conflict
Copyright Infringement if I directly gain no money?
Microsoft Book Pages
Writer's Platform
Where to draw the line between fantasy and reality in a story?
Bio on my father
How to punctuate the synonym to a word or phrase?
What is the best approach to balancing reading and writing for improving my writing skill?
Getting started writing non-fiction
A good idea but I do not know how to develop it
Blog recommendations for children's book writers
Chicago-style "additional resources" at end of chapter
Are Novellas marketable?
How linear should I be in writing my story?
I have a race of winged characters in my story, but I'm struggling as to how and why?
How realistic should dialogue and character voices be?
Lots of confusion over which story to write
How to write negative events without laying blame in an insulting way
Is it fine to write something that has no relation to my local life or language or culture?
Describing a prison
How do I write about nerdy concepts without sounding like a tryhard?
Feature film and finding a co-writer
If I use a real location for the setting of my book - Do I have to use existing schools or can I make them up?
Ways to make a character snap?
Is translating into another language plagiarism?
The difference between two speech formats
Should I use figure titles for diagrams on the web?
Is it plagiarism to use something from a nonfiction work and put it into fiction?
Which of the two cases of writing Flashback Stories is better?
If you publish something, do people have to cite you by your surname?
How to correctly cite?
How many names in a book are too many?
should I put the reference number after the dot or after a space?
What is the formal way to write a reference in English?
How can a screenplay writer learn to write a novel?
Showing cultural assimilation
Where do you do your writing?
Need guidance on my writing method
Sequels and avoiding sequelitis
How should I write a height in feet and inches?
How do I refer to a trademarked object in fiction?
Editing fiction and proofreading
How should I format a point-of-view character's thoughts?
IRC for Creative Writers
OCD Writing Techniques
Title already taken
Different types of "Flashbacks"
Tips for Coming Up with a Good Portmanteau (Name Smush)
How is "A song of ice and fire" not in violation of amazon's policies?
Format for capitalizing quotes
How to make a non-action-packed scenes enjoyable
What do I do with the length of my book and how to split it in two if needed
What to avoid when writing a villain?
When proofreading a chapter, should I try to prevent a few lines spilling onto a new page?
How do you write a good product description?
Documenting a Mongo Collection Field
How do I write an emotional scene?
Inciting incident in Fantasy
Do I need copyright, trademark or other registrations, to publish stories by Shakespeare?
Forming a strong relationship between 2 characters
Gerund Overkill
Is the Concept of "Machine of Death" Copyrighted?
Realistically Writing newly-deaf characters
Referencing real and fictional people/characters in novels - legal implications
Third person multiple pov in a crime mystery
Including a book extract in my blog
Writing a scenario
How can I create an inter-connected plot across a series?
Use double or triple minus hyphen (-) to stand in for em dash?
Describing laughter in dialogue?
If a heading is in roman numerals, is an in-text cross reference also in roman, or arabic, or spelled out
When describing novel word counts to agents / publishers, are chapter titles and epigraphs included?
Help in deciding setting
Why do news articles and press releases start with date and location?
Redouble, double, or double again?
Can you specify camera angles in your screenplay?
Would I be breaking my exclusive submission by submitting similar works to different agents?
How do I write a fitting ending for an anti-hero?
Why would an agent request an exclusive submission?
What defines a Fairy Tale versus typical Fantasy?
Picking a place to start (In media res)
How to start writing short stories?
best licensing option for freest possible sharing of lyrics while retaining the right to get paid if someone else makes money from them
How do I describe the effects of extreme psychological trauma on my protagonist?
How to write a scene where the villain meets the protagonist?
Should I worry that my storyline is very similar to another?
Describe a main character
What to do when my preview exceeds the requested submission length?
When a character tells a long story, is it always an info dump?
High Tech Audience
Is it a good idea to start each chapter with a snippet from a fictional book?
Writing a Platonic Relationship
If I have a cover for my novel, when should I let the publisher/agent know?
How to describe people from the 'eyes' of a blind person?
Can I add Drop Caps to my manuscript in the Storyist program?
When do I need a new ISBN?
Strategy, tactics, and resources to refine the niche and title for a self-help book
Reasonable income expectations from fiction book sales only
Writing A Story and Need help with intro
Where to put a reference to a figure or literature
where to put the Annex
Where can I find literary agents that publish books by minors?
How do existing covers compare to possible new ones?
Formatting a Story Teller's Dialog
How to collaborate on/ create a poetry and prose anthology
How to portray a likable terrorist?
Trying to avoid being cliché
A ballad or prose?
Find: Children's book illustrator
What should I do after I finish writing my novel?
Is it foolish to pursue a writing career while desiring complete anonymity?
How do I create tension around a threat which isn't immediately, personally harmful?
How can I improve this scene?
Story Structure
How much does it cost to self-publish?
how can I make my main character interesting and not bland?
Struggling to define a character without giving him viewpoint status
how to write a sports game scene?
How to convey (screaming) hysterics in dialogue
Should I be concerned about plagiarism with this excerpt in a research paper?
How would a knight act around a princess?
Handling small bits of background story
Should a villain have redeeming qualities
Describing a Traumatic Silence
Maybe it *is* better to write rough drafts longhand?
Different ways to say "I looked"?
Protecting your idea when working with another author
A character who teaches how to build wealth
Using Numbers in APA: 10 and 5 in the same sentence
Coming up with names for 4 children
Using country names in my book
Who should I use for my POV character?
How can I develop a whole personality for my characters in my fictional story from personality traits
Using profanities in novels
Describing a Character Traveling: Too much narrative?
Can I make money from short fiction?
Thesis statement with or without a preview of the supporting points of the essay?
What to avoid when foreshadowing a death?
Internal Dialog - First or Second Person
How to Write a Pitch Letter?
What's the book that explores emphasis on words in sentences to change the meaning?
Is it common to create a registered company when you self-publish?
A fair deal for purchasing a true story
How many meaningful names can I put in my story?
Re-write needed
Writing book jacket copy - first person perspective
How to write a good prison scene
How to introduce a fake name or alias for the sake of making a story clearer
Do most e-book writers just self publish on Kindle to start with?
Can technical writing suck less
How should book credit and profit be given for an individual editor?
Is same content different titles allowed (or sensible)?
Interacting with the antagonist or protagonist
Reminding my professor to update a grade?
Efficiency or correctness in communication?
Requirements engineering: getting the most out of Word?
Remote work advice?
Where to find a place to publish a specific kind of work?
Putting together an effective writing blog
Writing first person or third person limited for steampunk?
Is there a standard for describing a form in a programming specification?
How Do I Write a News Broadcast Montage in Different Locations in a Screenplay?
Transcribing a fictional pictograph based language
Techniques for picture writing?
Using sources multiple times in a paper in different places--how to cite
What type of argument is this?
Avoiding repeating "I" and "you" in an epistolary piece
Minimal requirements for a portable computer for writing only?
How to start writing a graduation speech?
I want to ask for permission to send a link to a group of students
What makes a plot twist believable/unbelievable?
Should I publish a series of children's books simultaneously or separately?
How do I show a long amount of time has passed?
How to make a dumb decision as a character and still not let the reader to think same about him?
Where to find beta readers?
Citation behind a display equation
How to create a surreal/fantasy - feeling in a real world?
Can an essay have a preface?
Self-publishing on Amazon
How to hack Scrivener's appearance or add binder to full screen composition mode?
How to know whether to write in 3rd person or 1st person?
What corpus-based writing tools do you use?
In narrative essays, should I make all the paragraphs narrative?
Broken Hearted Man
Erotic fiction: Kindle Direct Publishing guidelines on pornography
Tips on writing grit
Using chapter breaks
How to avoid "Adult" rating when publishing erotica on KDP
Good writing software for tracking information/facts (for Man vs Nature plot)
I am writing a book on web design. What elements should I remove to avoid copyright issues?
Correctly implementing past tense
Should you get an ISBN even if KDP says they don't need one?
Publishing in KDP direct from outside the US
Challenges in switching tense
Is there a technical term for a rhyme using both the end of one sentence, and the beginning of the next?
How do I avoid tradeoffs with showing vs. telling?
Introducing the hero first?
What to do if your story seems too similar to another?
Coming up with Chapter titles
Web-based WYSIWYG Markdown editor with commenting?
Is yWriter for Mac reputable? Is this a safe download?
How to write sexual/romantic scenes?
Is there a hybrid novel writing method that incorporates both "pantsing" and plotting?
Formatting Text from a Sign
How do I keep a journey sequence going?
Does this opening draw you in?
How to decide if a plot twist worth doing?
Would a government care if my novel mentioned their controversial / questionable practices?
How to handle writing a romantic subplot when the main plot is very different?
How do I know whether to revise or submit elsewhere?
Using present tense for events in the novels past
How to deal with cryptomnesia (falsely recalling generating a thought or idea)?
Submitting a partially complete draft?
How can I keep secret a major detail known to the POV protagonist?
How to seek an audience?
Referring to nameless protagonists in essays
how do i copyright my book? please help thanks
How to create interesting character conflicts
Eliminating repetitive “which was ... ” statements at the end of sentences
How can I (or can I?) create a Canva.com cover for a CreateSpace 6"x9" title?
where to publish essays about a life stories for personal development?
Explanatory narrative in fiction
How do I explain personal details to my professor without being inappropriate?
What is the best practice for writing a character that speaks with a whistle lisp?
Name of Journal-Like Setting Description Lines Under Chapter Section Headings
Any good online writing courses?
Do you italicize fictional company names?
How do I keep from plagiarizing others?
Describing the differences between languages
How to keep a main character nameless?
Should one Infodump the reader when a new environment of a fictional world is introduced?
Is copyright implied when you self publish?
Is it possible to create an audio-book for very old text/book?
Is it possible to publish a single copy of a book?
True Crime writing research: Where do you even begin?
The "destroy a day's work every nth day" method of improving one's writing - sensible?
Using the name of fictional characters/series in a different context
How long does a teen science fiction novel need to be?
What constitutes as a page? Single or double spaced on google docs?
Does the protagonist need a name?
My Main Characters Expostion Peaks at a Point, but How?
Writting a self published book containg many glossy pictures
Length of a scene?
permission from the building owners needed to depict a drawing of it on cover of novel?
how much pages do i have for a paperback book
How do you describe someone approaching and calling out at the same time without using different font sizes?
A better word for dusty?
Is there a term for a fiction piece that goes after the prologue but before the epilogue?
how to write an essay in less wordy way
Does something need to happen in every single chapter?
Is it possible to write about failed detective novel?
Including something implausible in an otherwise realistic story
Why end sentences with commas instead of periods when the sentence is in a quote?
How much repetition of a word or phrase is too much?
Diagram wider than text width
How do you find the right pacing in your story?
How to secure my written work from being stolen or copied before publishing?
How to write a strong villain who isn't really present?
What's the difference between a 1-, 2- or 3-dimensional character?
Should I write out numbers or use the actual numbers (ordinals)?
Voices of young children, how to write?
Scene descriptons?
What is an appropriate waiting time before resubmitting after I received positive feedback?
Capitalisation after punctuation in dialogue
Refer to character by title instead of name?
In TV script writing, how to format complex newscast?
How to format complex action scene?
How to write about what you don't know?
MLA: Avoiding Unintentional Plagiarism in Essay Writing
MLA: How to cite academic summaries
Question regarding topics and headings for APA papers
Should I use different fonts in my manuscript?
Including (public domain?) lyrics of a song in my screenplay?
Is a male character crying realistic or are his reactions here excessive?
Referring to a diagram
Is a QR card linked to the PDF of a book a good idea?
How to get 2 different page numberings in the same document in MS Word?
Scrivener: Can I set spacing below the header?
How can I rewrite the sentence for technical writing style
Adding a PoV after the first novel in a series
Border between fantasy and space opera
Can I use a real college in my fiction book?
What is the image size in scientific paper if indicated as "a single, 1.5 or 2-column fitting image"?
A question of tenses
Describing protagonist's experience from using magic
Is it a good idea to make the protagonist pull themselves together
How to write believable "Man vs self" plots
Writing and sharing Microfiction
When to ask for feedback of novel?
What is the "acid test" for a nonfiction anthology?
Is it a bad idea to have three protagonists?
How to refer to myself in a research paper?
YA novel with old protagonist?
How can a writer efficiently manage many text snippets?
Name for introductory section about the author
Character interviews - how to handle characters that age noticeably within a single novel
How to write montages in prose? (fantasy novel)
How to create an "otherworldy" feel in a fantasy novel?
How do I write from a non-person point of view?
For a single author writing short stories in LaTeX, is it worthwhile to switch to a "real" version control system from Dropbox?
How Can You Prolong an Emotional Reaction in the Reader?
Is there any limit on how long a story can progress without the reader knowing the name of the character introduced so far?
Why does the villain always win right before the hero defeats him?
Bachelor thesis indentation
Can trademarked or copyrighted characters be referenced to in an app description on one of the app stores?
How to describe deep loss?
Notes first or just start writing?
Is it okay to have a character who doesn't actually have a name?
Making a big deal out of revealing a character's name
How do I organize my writing process?
How can I find Indian names that will be accessible to my readers?
Is there a standart way of describe a process
Can I use an abbreviated two-digit format for year in a resume?
Should a main character be like the reader, or better than him?
Is using MBTI and the Jungian functions to create a character a good idea?
How does one cite an interview conducted in sign language (ASL) using MLA format?
Adding links as foot notes
How do I describe Newtonian physics to the reader in a way that is realistic yet not too complex?
New CreateSpace books appearing on Amazon from book resellers?
Borrowing or stealing phrases
How to Self-Publish a Picture Book with No Gutter?
Do you believe a role play can be published?
How To Market A Series Of Books
How to create suspense in a very short story?
How does one go about self-publishing their first book?
Can a first person protagonist be the writer's alter ego?
How Can You Find A Writing Buddy?
Scenes with different languages spoken after translation
How to think of a plot in 5 minutes
What are some techniques for deciding which of two or more plot directions to go with?
Is contributing to "social media" an example of "writing for exposure"?
How much does imperfect grammar put off an agent?
Recharacterizing a character
What is required to sell books in the US and UK from another country via CreateSpace?
How long can a first novel be?
How do I make the downfall of a character moving without being cliche?
How to expand beyond a single series?
Software that allows for notes in the margin
Paragraph Indenting Rules
Seeking resource for salary related letter format
Using "Earth words" in a futuristic, fictional setting
Where should I place a comma in this sentence?
Stories about people who went from rags-to-riches-to-rags and stayed there?
Can I use names of characters and groups that other authors/creators have used already?
Can a copyright be shared with narrator and ilustrator?
Is it useful to have a backup series?
How Do I Create A Dynamic Outline?
How to make a dark story not-so-dark (Shining the light in darkness)
Describing a large scale battle in a science fiction/fantasy novel
How to manually bind a book without using binding machine?
How to express character thoughts in the third person without using diialogue?
Types of characters for three protagonist
Should I use contractions in a technical tutorial?
Writer's Market
Can I use famous works of art in my book?
How to write mail where the topic inside mail is not our concern
Copyright Registration of translated original work
Where does the comma go when using 'but'?
Naming fictional races with original names vs with words from other languages
Is it correct to ask, "WHY LAUGHING?"
They are = They're... when?
Are print on demand books more expensive than normal published books?
Unable to identify this phrase as sarcasm
How to avoid slipping into fault-finding when reading?
How to write a religious experience?
Do I need to make use of paragraphs when writing a novel and if so, how?
Sentence openings variations to avoid repeating determiners and pronounces
How to cite Authorization for Use of Military Force as published online in MLA style?
Length of segments in rotating POV
A heading on a paper
Specific character's thought in 3rd person omniscient writing
Depth in third person limited
Where Do Online Journalists Get Their Info?
How Do Online Sites Afford Writers?
Is There a Pandoc Latex Template For Novel or Short Story Manuscript Submissions?
APA: How to cite an application report or an application note
Memoir styled fantasy fiction
Is it bad writing or just the plot if the hero ends up being as evil as the villain in order to stop the villain's evil?
What is the best way to set a dark tone to a story?
How to create a title
Proofreading style to use
Is it plagiarism to adapt a known figure into a fictional charcter?
How do we draw the line between plagiarism and allusion?
What is the origin of multiple 'plotlines' tabular diagram?
Preserve "The Reveal" vs lying to the reader
All capital letters in a new document
Looking for informed people to evaluate a creative writing project about psychiatry
Accidentally sent a work-in-progress to a stranger
Formatting dialogue and single lines
Public domain does it apply to any and all art work prior to 1920's?
PhD thesis: how to visually separate the "general conclusion" chapter from the last part
Forming a Writing Habit
Options besides pencil and laptop
How do you believably write a moron?
How to keep writing?
Describe person attempting but failing to suppress a laugh
How do you force a turning point in a narrative that is supposed to be precisely about the lack of such devices?
Can basic grammar rules be skipped when writing text for machine safety labels?
essay writing agree, disagree partially agree
How to call sub-genre of my fantasy?
How to communicate two elements of different general syntactic/semantic type in the same sentence?
I keep setting aside WIPs I don't think are good enough
Should I name specific artists?
What to avoid when writing the death of the protagonist?
Can anyone become a good writer?
What to avoid when writing a war scenario?
Is it good to hate a character?
Hosting my writing on Github - public or private repository?
New style of first person pov
How to demonstrate an evolution of magic without it seeming like it is improvised?
How do I find total sales of my book?
Is it smart to reserve one's best ideas or to utilise them early in their writing career?
How To Meet Fellow Writers Online?
Do You Use A Specific Set Of Questions For Developing Your Character
How To Develop A Character For A Character-Driven Story?
Is protagonist identification/empathy influenced by the reader's gender?
How do I delete a scene in Scrivener?
What is the quality (specifically acidity) of FSC paper?
How do I announce an area-restricted feature without discouraging the rest of my visitors?
what are some specific criteria for evaluating a piece of fiction that can be used repeatedly?
How to communicate multiple meaning in a sentence more concisely?
Writers style, voice
How find an appropriate vocabulary
How to stop repeating the same idea
How to describe a diverse set of characters without falling into purple prose or exoticism?
How can I encourage conversation on my blog posts?
What writing exercices should I schedule for the different parts of my day?
How to describe a characters clothing?
How to express copyright when you use a pen name
What to avoid when writing a happy ending?
How to hide something in plain sight (and keep it hidden)?
APA Cross-referencing Several Items from One Anthology
A question about agents and multiple submissions
Colorfulness of Language Vs. Simplicity
How can the antagonist mislead the readers?
Why do most online articles get to point only after 2 or more paragraphs?
Character alternating between his thoughts and reading a book
Is it okay to describe the protagonist's friend's appearance before the protagonist?
How do I successfully describe a story?
How do i describe a vampire from the perspective of someone who has no idea what they are?
How to write a sick character?
Question about a plot.
When to expose a hidden romance between two very snappy characters?
How to structure the text when describing the steps of a procedure which has simultaneous processes?
Are some ideas too cliched?
Mixing essay-like opinions with the story
Description: How to apply an adjective to a list of nouns without seeming redundant?
Inserting piece of writing into a character's dialogue
The order of says in the present tense
Are there legitimate uses for using bold for emphasis within a sentence?
Need help with hospital dialogue
Is killing a character to further the plot necessarily a bad thing?
Can the same book appear in a different series?
Superpower recommendations
One-page tales: what do I have to spit out and what is indispensable?
When writing Sci-Fi whats a good way to determine the year?
Is SelfPubBookCovers.com a good website to buy book covers?
Writing a book about what you thought while stuck in a situation
Starting a sentence with the name of a program or command-line tool: capitalization?
Where can I publish a book/e-book at a minimal cost?
My premise suggests a LOT more history than I want in my book
Book with soundtrack music, how to publish?
Writing a non-lucid dream
In a short story, how long is "too long"?
Writing Science Fiction when the writer is from a society which is not very scientifically advanced
Use of 'Now' in past tense
Transitioning from one setting or location to another
Do you have any tips on describing dialogue?
How do I write an original work using a familiar concept?
How many characters can I introduce in the first chapter before the reader gets overwhelmed?
How to write a scene that needs a lot of detail without falling into purple prose?
Writing scenes that involve two languages
Writing dialogue, present or past tense "said"
Should I start writing even if I'm not sure how the story will end?
Books versus YouTube videos
First person POV "mom:" vs. "mother"
For trilogies, is there any order of time periods the story should follow that is considered more appropriate?
Can I use subsections in place of lists
Guy in the body of a girl or girl in the body of a guy?
What is the ideal approach to writing a script for a comic book?
Term for a collection of novels divided into several series
Is it possible to outline a dual plot novel using the "Snowflake Method" or other method?
Do people still read blogs?
A protagonist who knows little about the world he born and grew up in until majority (present)?
Are these dual plots or a plot plus a big subplot?
What is the technique of displaying stream of thought in third person?
Hang on - where's the main conflict?
Writing the same character in two different perspectives?
How can I do research about the geographical scenarios of plot?
How to move back to main section after finishing a sub-section
should I use predictable plot elements?
Learning about hand-to-hand combat?
What is the difference between an ending scene and the end of a chapter?
How do I change my cursor size in scrivener?
AmE text for a British literary agent (and viceversa)
Writing a novel largely composed of question-answer sessions
Making a disinterested character speak
Quotes around long backstory narrated by a character
Does having too many humorous scenes make the readers unable to take the plot seriously?
Advice on portraying my protagonist's anger without making her insufferable
How much detail should I go into for a character taking advantage of physics expertise?
How to find different ways to express things that happen to the reader?
Can you make multiple prologues in one book?
Maintaining consistent style in a translation
Do vampire hybrids inherit powers from male vampires?
Do you capitalize the names of governments in a story?
In a nutshell, how can a friendship become a tragedy?
Developing a fictionalised Royal family
Can I change scene and characters in the next chapter?
Miles or Kilometers for historical fiction?
Do you capitalize the "T" in "the" in a Title or Place's Name?
Citing a Poem in APA
Formatting for written text, e.g. a sign
In character development for a screenplay, is it enough to present only a person's most salient characteristics?
How to use sociological and/or psychological studies in character building?
Structural templates in scholarly writing
How do you give the murderer away?
Tips for writing poetry in forms
Timestamps in fictional writing: yay or nay?
How to clarify the objects of a sentence's two pronouns?
The Subplot: What to do when it is only loosely tied to the main plot?
Are there drawbacks to having previous fan fictions written before being published?
How to write dream sequences?
Can I use a phrase from song lyrics as the title of my book?
Scientifically proven optimal environment for writing?
How to become a master at creating wordplays?
I'm having an issue committing to my novels
Would employing the use of philosophical ideas in fiction without citing the sources be considered plagiarism?
How useful are stock characters in fiction?
Need help with a tragic love story
Can a scene be written to be disorienting and not be too confusing to readers?
What do Readers Expect from a Fantasy Novel
Is starting a story with dialogue bad?
Is there any risk of being published in the wrong genre?
Would a redemption story be a coming of age plot
How do I get rid of overused words in my story?
Interwoven story arcs (for video) - guidelines so viewers will not get lost?
How much to charge for a blog post in the UK?
Why not God as our subject?
Overusing "with the aim of..." in a scientific paper
Using "show not tell" while characters are planning for something that happens
Habitual use of -ing follows -ed -- is this wrong?
How do I gain experience in editing?
Benefits of Chapter titles in fictional writing?
Switching perspectives for a single chapter in a first person POV novel, to do or not to do?
As a writer, should you write because you want to write or write for your readers?
How to write a polite reminder email to a professor?
Can I make a living as a novelist?
Pitfalls for writing a talkative character?
Amount of paragraphs for a chapter?
I have this story all planned out, why can't I write it?
Preventing spoilers in a short yet interesting synopsis of the story
Suggestions for ways to say "I'll come back to this later ..."
Word count using "Times New Roman"
What is the Difference Between yWriter5 and Scrivener?
How to write ages and dates in a newspaper article inside a work of fiction
What punctuation to use when a character is writing something down?
APA parenthetical citation: is extra information in the parentheses okay?
Finding a reliable professional editing services for research paper
For nonfiction books, do you translate or transliterate names, brands, etc. that aren't in a Romanized language?
What software do you use before paper distribution?
How do I convey messages that are clear, but unspoken?
ToC formating impossible with Scrivener
Character development site free?
Programs that analyze word frequency?
How to create a good name for a fictional nation in my story?
How many times should I use the word "said" in one page?
Rewriting about a baby-cam intrusion
How do I plot the defeat of an all-knowing, god-like antagonist?
Subtleties in colon/semi-colon use
Comma before names of people or titles
Printing or Private Use
Is it a good idea to thwart everything?
What's the correct way to quote song lyrics?
How to cite multiple authors from one edited anthology Harvard style
How much license is provided by artistic license?
Problem: Aspiring writer, with dyslexia?
What are the main steps to prepare and promote my fiction novel?
Depicting inaccurate information about real organisations in fiction?
How do I write what I don't know?
Help! I accidentally gave my fictional character the same name as a fictional character on a TV show. Do I have to change it?
Including a company logo in a report
A single English word for "not chaos"
Using real a car logo or gun in crime fiction - can I be sued for it?
Short Stories - Questions
Are there ways to help stick to character traits?
A creative way to combine two niches?
How to politely remind somebody of a meeting we had a few days ago?
Do I quote this, italicize, or something else?
When dialog is italicized, should the quotation marks be italicized as well?
Writer's Block: How to Stop World-building and Start Writing?
The Search for Good Places to Discuss Science for Worldbuilding
How long should it take for a writer to publish his/her book? (The whole process)
How can we revise sentences so that they remain clear and concise but gain a rhythm of a specific kind?
Websites to share writing in French?
Resources for non-technical science writing
Period outside quotation marks ...?
Use of Separating Fiction into "Parts?"
Should I read fantasy novels for a better mindset on the topic?
How to start doing research on scientific facts for my sci-fi? Tips and tricks
I used to write poems. but i don't know how can we publish our hindi poem in India?
How do I express that a culture has a different standard of beauty?
What's the benefit of inventing a fictional region, if it's based on a real one?
Finding literary critiques
Looking for help on deciding a name for a character
How to stage a scene conflict that is not about the scene's narrator?
Is there a comprehensive APA style manual available online?
The pain of starting to write
Are there custom placeholders in Ulysses app?
What does Show don't Tell actually mean
How do you write a political debate in a story?
How to navigate potential self-plagiarism when using different online and professional personas?
Can a character close to the MC betray them in the first book of a series?
How long should a good synposis be for a novel?
When is the best time to add detail?
Is it possible to self-publish with a pseudonym but still be approachable for offers?
Is writing a novel about a song considered plagiarism?
Writing Contests For Teens
Help creating a name for a series
Where to put a description of characters that have a uniform?
Should the world be based on the characters or the characters based on the world?
Is it really hard to write an essay?
What is the trickiest aspect of devising a plot for your novel?
How do you create interesting background and ambiance for your fictional work?
Should these words be hyphenated?
Is it legal to use a song lyric on the back of a wine label if we give attribution to the creator?
When Showing Over Telling Becomes Too Extravagant
How do you cite a book classified under two editions?
Using exclamation points in fiction
Do you indent a text message at the beginning of a chapter?
Speech tags for nameless characters
MLA multiple parenthetical citation essay without page numbers
How to show that one long line of poetry is only one line
Writing a short story of less than 1000 words
How much can a reader remember?
Partial clauses after semi-colons
Are there copyright concerns writing about fantasy elements other authors have used?
How do I portray a particular moment as climactic?
Can a protagonist with questionable morals be appreciated?
How many hours a day will it take to complete NaNoWriMo?
Adding a character from present-day Earth to a fantasy/scifi setting
Managing Document Versions for Multiple Tenses
Character Relationship Mapping Software
Naming a character late in the chapter but introducing him first
Dedication Punctuation - include a period?
Repetitive pattern for action beats
Italics for both internal monologue and dialog emphasis?
Gentle reminder to the person who haven't reply my email at all
Is it a good practice to add thesis statement to non-academic writing?
Best platform to run an online writing contest?
Ways to convey detailed knowledge or understanding in a novel?
How do I handle teenage sex in books for teenagers?
novel frustration
Is my method of Narration switching from objective to subjective too complicated?
Introducing a plot-critical hallucinogen partway through a mystery?
Writing technique resources
A tale of noun?
Kindle NCX with Chapter Header images
Would there be any problems with choosing a pseudonym of another ethnicity and sex?
Stop thinking own work is stupid
Using the same name more than once?
How to plan your writing throughout the book?
Is describing the scenery important in unfamiliar places?
Having a hard time developing an idea
Best free writing software?
Complicated time jump allowed in a light novel?
What to write when I cannot create stories?
What should be covered in a poetry workshop?
Text structure in a fictional diary
Creating Slogans/Rallying Cries
Archaic language in a historical novel?
How to Introduce Something Potentially Laughable?
Readability for narrative type with respect to time
Am I just a coward, or will my reader be a coward too?
How to finish a story?
Antagonist that remains unknown
Can I publish my book in the Russian language with advertising and selling online?
I want some critique on my writing
How much outlining is needed?
Phrasing a prophecy to avoid specifying gender or number
How far can insults go in a "Young Adult" novel?
Is my character an intellectual or detective or both?
Is this an accurate way to negatively describe a mix-breed race?
What is the meaning of non fiction stories w.r.t kids?
How to describe an angry voice in dialogue?
How do I kill a protagonist in a first person point of view?
Is it possible to write a Romance between a hero and an anti hero?
How to convey that the main characer is in pain while dialogue is occuring
At what age can I publish a book?
How to type chat dialogue?
How to determine whether or not a plot twist is needed?
How to a write a partly- serious story with kids as its main character? How would the tone be like?
How do I avoid making all my characters speak like me?
Will I ever be able to write like a native writer?
How do you get a character to tell a short story?
How to deduce the protagonist's flaw from the plot?
How can I write a question about profession as a way of life?
if I write a book about an open source software, should I take permission from the software's creator?
How do disclaimers work for fictional books that are loosely modeled on real events?
Can You Mix Readers of Fantasy and Sci-Fi?
How to make a sentence seems more legitimate?
How to describe the flow of an hourglass
How can I determine the public opinion of an author?
Plot: is it as central as "fun" or "entertaining"?
deciding Anonymous or Unknown and citations
How much falling action can follow the climax?
What is generally the accepted format style for telepathic communication in the midst of verbal communication?
To visually and logically plan out stories
Can I use my book cover for two publishers?
Books with similar titles
Standard format for symbols that denaote text, phone or email message or dialogue, when all are used in same story
How early in the narrative should I start my book?
Publishing short fiction stories?
Making the antagonist a good guy?
What genre would this fall under?
Tactics to get past getting stuck?
How can I Switch Protagonists Between Books?
Writing a character who has panic attacks
Stating facts in novel written in the present tense, third person omniscient. Can I use the past tenses or would I risk losing consistency?
Events happening in two places in one short story?
Why are news articles in the US structured so non-linearly?
Why are audio books more expensive than a movie ticket?
freelance writing: how much of a test for a job would be considered actual work done for free?
Slogan design: choice of words
A villain that doesn't even know the hero's existence?
Writing guides for writing like the Oxbridge tradition?
Can a "Translation Notes" section also be used for terms used in my fictional world?
Can I use "fuck" as a non-vulgar verb in a fantasy/steampunk world?
Highly metaphorical writers
Folktale within a folktale
Can Originality Sell a Book?
Should I punctuate my poems
How to write a utopia?
How many words does a normal chapter have?
How should I "remind" the reader of something that they may have forgotten?
Is it okay to skip forward in time rather than write scene transitions?
Is Yoda trickster?
Are discovery writers more novelty seeking in general?
What is difference between clown and trickster?
What are the basic elements of a crime investigation story?
Trickster's attributes
Am I using too many commas?
Using place names from other novels
Should I use contractions in my narrative?
Is this sentence grammatically correct -- is the verb informing after the modal verb can in the correct form?
For publishing negotations I would like to know what a publishing company makes in profit?
How to keep documents with example full date timeless
Tips for continuing plot when the spearhead character is not the protagonist?
Help with extended metaphor in college essay
Onomatopoeia usage, how much of it detracts from the story?
An educational ‘roadmap’ to become a proficient writer?
How do I keep a major emotional upheaval from seeming artificial and abrupt?
How can one not let their voice show through in all the characters?
Translating from mind to paper
Which makes better sense?
What jobs or professions involve writing?
Typographical styling of UI text in document
A written action scene, interrupted?
Does it make sense to set a sword & sorcery fantasy in a post-apocalyptic world on Earth?
I want to write a book about my brothers life
Are there any problems using the real-life address of a building if the building is still standing?
How do I use step three of the Snowflake method (character summary)?
How to replace "and/or" in sentences with multiple terms?
What is useful about writing software?
Where should world history be placed?
Numbering of Figures in a Calculus textbook
Section of a book that explains things
Various sci-fi themes
Will what worked 'back then' work today? (Novels)
Runbook template example?
Dialogue interruptions — using em dashes
Chapters - Writing Order
Should I follow my instinct or public demand when writing a story?
Have a tough time figuring out third-person prose
Editing an Anthology or Compilation
Where can I publish politically incorrect writing?
How to cite the text from an endnote in MLA
How do I make sure my audience is aware of subplots?
Using picture under GNU Free Document Licence as book cover
How do you avoid unnatural sounding language?
How can I Avoid Being Frightened by the Horror Story I am Writing?
Shifting Tense and Commas in Writing
Structuring a sentence with two phrases qualifying the same ending
Term for writing mostly in first-person, but switching to third-person for things the POV doesn't yet know?
Table of contents to include sub heading in Scrivener for Windows for Kindle format
What should be done if there is a dispute of opinions within the editorial team?
writing with color, skin tone
Multiple continues references in Microsoft office word 2013
How should these be formatted? In quotes or italics?
How to make a mimicking character believable
Self-translating into English
Which should come first, novel, Comic Book or Screenplay?
What's the best way to cite non-fiction in fiction?
How do I get review for my first short story?
WGA compensation for writers
Making People Unsure which Characters will Survive
What Can I Do to Familiarize Myself with my Characters?
There's an actor with my lead character's name - how big a problem is this going to be?
How do I prevent a structure-breaking character from being seen as a fourth-wall-breaking joke?
Splicing/Mixing Scenes
Where can I find a market for "offbeat" short stories about God's relationship with us?
Stripping the Main Character's Plot Armour?
Investing in the 'wrong' character, is it a problem with the story?
What tools and software writers use to write wikipedia style articles for website content?
Best Resources for Improving your craft?
Has anyone attempted to automate some of the editing process? Specifically to style everyday text towards poetry?
How can I prevent the ends of my chapters from feeling forced?
Reported speech in a dialogue
Program for Tracking Scene Information
UK vs. US editions of fiction
When to evaluate whether your book will sell?
What is a polite way of saying someone is posh?
Labyrinth: old freeware to organise characters and plot
Help with writing feedback
Bibliography/Citation when writing a book
Where can I post my story, but keep the formatting?
How hard would it be to find writing jobs with an English degree?
Would anyone want to read a book about my life?
Word for a Female Teenager?
In multiple narratives, does time have to be in sync?
Which Bullet Points to Use First Under Different List Nesting Styles
What are ways to automate documentation generation?
Can I switch from past tense to present tense in an epilogue?
Are there any theaters that are receptive to manuscripts for monologues from the author/performer?
Dialogue and action question
Subplot with no established POV character present
How can I write a character whom I have no knowledge of?
Attributing a single source in a blog post
How does one evaluate his own writing ability?
Quoting an expletive in a high school essay?
Advice on writing horror?
How do I contrast the thought processes of different characters in one scene?
Just how Different are Male and Female Readers?
Why do Popular Fantasy Novels of Today Feature Teenagers?
Am I copying an idea too closely?
Is there a way to find the book's circulation numbers?
Does a reader care about how realistic a book is?
How to indicate that another point is mentioned withou explicitly saying that?
Pseudonyms in memoir
Could I have a writing phobia?
How should a narrative parenthetical remark be placed in reference to a dialog quotation?
How can I respond to praise without appearing egotistical?
Order of body paragraphs/examples in essay writing
Does it matter which literary agents one contacts first?
How is my book cover perceived?
I'm using the same formula for stakes over and over - is this a problem?
Description of "Unimportant" Details
How can I keep my writing from being perceived as "too complicated"
Increasing sales of my Kindle ebook
How do I write a story within a story?
What are "good" writing habits?
How do I get a short story published?
Ethics of using poorly-redacted information in public documents
Why does word-count matter for a debut author?
Writing in English, from the viewpoint of a non-English-speaking character, how can I convey a language very similar to the character's own?
How to zoom text in Scrivenings mode without changing the actual font?
How to add a new word to the dictionary
Avoiding -ly Words
Is NaNoWriMo necessarily a good thing?
Starting In The Middle And Flashing Back
How to write a character misinterpreting Four Candles as Fork Handles
When to not using SI symbols for units?
Appropriate use of outdated vocabulary and terms?
Publishing images of paintings
As a writer, should I be upset because I couldn't think of an idea?
Best Practices for Getting a Sense of Character
how to elaborate a crime case
Typo correction when citing an external source
Single author scientific paper, 'we' or 'I'?
Restrictions On Producing A Playscript
using double negatives and sentence structure
Using capital letters and full-stop in bullet points
My book doesn't seem to fall into a clear genre
Writing a fiction in first and third person. is that acceptable?
Does anyone know a safe and reliable grammar add-on for Scrivener?
Style when intentionally misspelling?
What is an easy way to create a detailed character profile for a short story?
Capitalize 'it' when referring to a strange being?
How to sell books without giving up rights to my manuscript
How to excite readers
How to present common foreign words in fiction?
A non-native writing in English
How to quote programming code in AP Style?
Script-style conversations in a book
How to extrapolate a spectacular crime from everyday ones
How to Explain the Pronunciation of a Conlang Within the Text of the Novel
How to write a short, and persuasive headline?
Correct spacing for "Smith et al. (2008)"
What are some ways of adding deeper meanings to writing?
What constitutes a co-author credit?
How to better imply time and place changes?
A character's behaviour changes when returning to more familiar conditions. How should I attempt justify this change to the reader?
How do you write 2 or more characters saying almost the same thing in unison
Should I use the plain text typesetting system for my creative texts?
Can I publish a book under one company when I have published a book under another?
Are there books that take you through a character's entire life?
Citing a footnote
Should I be worried about sharing story ideas online?
Citing footnote in mla
How should I move on after writing a fight scene and trying to introduce a new (but mentioned) character?
Who Makes the Front Page Cover for a Novel?
How do I stop my writing sounding like a bad imitation of whatever author I've just been reading?
Should I layout my academic paper in one or two columns?
Electrical engineering concepts in sci-fi
How to split up a book into a series?
Way to create an interactive dictionary for Google Docs?
I have a CreateSpace ISBN but want to Publish a New Edition through another Publisher
MLA: How do I add an in-text citation when I'm quoting a quote that has a quote?
Can we use MadCap Flare with semantic markup?
Capitalization after interrupted dialogue
Can you use third person limited in a story that begins before the MC is born?
Footnotes when using in-text citation style
Showing a Brief Hesitation
Help with editing my narrative story.
First Person when the PoV is not the Protagonist?
Why use quotes on the word "Dad" when talking to someone?
How do publishers handle bilingual novels?
How Can I Reliably Find Well Written Novels?
Publishing old school assignments - self-plagarism?
How to develop a more vivid and descriptive writing style
Is there a way to cite sources without the full name, for example by using an acronym, in MLA format?
Transfer from first person to third person
What pitfalls and guidelines are good to know when picking character names?
Inventing a fictional town in a real geographic location
Amazon's CreateSpace doesn't scale my book
MLA Background Research Paper: Noting a citation in the text?
How and where to publish my first poem / story?
Historical Fiction: using you and thou
Writing a story with 10 POV characters (about a reality game show)
How can I publish package overviews (Java) or namespace overviews (C++) using Doxygen?
Succinctly indicate that an emotional hug is not sexual
Turning normal phrases into gerund phrases: What's the effect in the reader?
Describing big cities and using slang words while writing
Generally would an onomatopoeia come before or after the source action is implied
Options for point of view in a story
Where are the best places to hire good editors?
Do screenplay writers work by an established plot, or do they improvise without one?
How to get the "back again" part after horrible experience?
Punctuation issue quoting dialogue
Is there a revision functionality in LibreOffice Writer?
Can a novel without any death be taken seriously?
Do many people even care about "good" grammar in novels?
Do you need to end a story with the same perspective you start with?
How much science/medical detail is too much?
Can I Have My Own Website Separate of My Publisher?
Is it a bad habit to only write at night?
What rights can I claim for a book that compiles selected bible passages?
How can I get inspired to write a story, without any experience beforehand?
What kinds of skill does writing require?
Why aren't detective stories written in the protagonist's POV?
Need resources to assist with describing ordinary things
How can I write well-structured ideas without overusing connectors such as "moreover" and "in addition to"
Any suggestions for a new writer?
Is it better to jump right into the screenwriting format or start with freewriting in a notebook/on the computer?
How to use pun in this story
Use of past tense in a book about the future
Why are names in fantasy novels often "original"?
Why are writers so hung up on "show versus tell"?
When to introduce a list of two with the word "both"
Do I write the entire series and edit, or edit the books as I go?
How to write more clearly and with shorter sentences?
Do Epic Fantasy and Sci-Fi books have inherently more descriptive language?
1st person story with no dialogue?
Using alternate quotation marks for 'scare quotes.'
Alternative to Strunk & White?
What is the meaning of this?
Impact of views about author on buying book
What is trending in literary-fiction short stories?
Is writing only scenes a good way to earn writing skills?
Why is there such strong objection to the use of said-bookisms?
How do you use showing in animal fantasy?
Will it help you to get published if you have a lot of followers of your writing?
Should I send my manuscript again if I forgot the synopsis after sending it to a publisher?
Academic books published by university presses: How much expertise do the editors have?
How much and which parts of a manuscript should I submit to an agent?
I'm not enjoying my attempt at a science-fiction novella; should I continue?
Ways to avoid repetition of "filler" words in writing?
Should I italicize neologisms created by communities?
Would it be possible to write a novel without using the word "The"?
Writing a novel, can I do [this or that]?
How do I find somebody to review my CV?
How do speech writers find the contents that make their speeches so impressive?
Are metaphors superior to similes in the following cases?
If I write a word with a letter that isn't used, will I confuse my reader?
Style-less writing -- Lack of real structure for blog article
How do I know when my work is ready for critique?
How do I decide whether to answer questions, or leave them unexplained?
Who are the most instructive authors to read to improve one's description skills?
What is an appropriate forum for asking off-topic, story-based questions?
How do western publishers react to drafts that are obviously ripoffs of an existing work?
Where to put a pronunciation key?
Editing a memoir
Recommend binding for book to stay open
How to prepare a manuscript for submission?
Is there any stylistic reason to avoid the word "got"?
Can I write an introduction for my fiction book?
Are there any well-known fiction author-publisher fights about royalty and copyright retention?
How to distinguish two different voices in one book?
Should the following statements be written in the past or present tense?
Format for electronic download sales: letter sized pdf okay?
Has standard manuscript format changed since 2011?
How can a first person POV be written if they are emotionless for a period of time?
How can I get in the Habit of Writing with Twists?
Is it better to disclude your age when submitting to a publisher if you are young?
Do men fall "in love" (romantic, sensual or desire) with fictional characters?
Characterization: is there any guidance for writing "the romantic interest"?
Dynamic characterization: How do you show development/change in an inherently flawed character, like a psychopath?
Expressing large numbers in dialogue?
Which canned Licence to use when posting short fiction?
Am I guilty of bad 'as' writing?
How to refer to clothes without modern words ? (e.g: t-shirt)
Characters with very long names or titles
How much humour can you afford to have before losing a serious atmosphere?
Sites which return copyright to the author after sometime
Print runs, unsold books, books by weight and do authors get some compensation for unsold?
Best Way to Depict the Content of Sources' Quotes
How can I describe technology while avoiding problems with scaling?
Do you need to have your major plot point established in the first few chapters?
'Out of print' not profitable or holding rights indefinitely by a Publisher?
How should formula variables be formatted in narration?
Curbing Self-Indulgent Writing
How to get a derailed book back on track?
How do I add more characters into my story?
How do you find new venues to publish your work?
How can I raise the stakes and make a character's decision compelling?
How many subjects in the same story is "too many"? And is it too bad?
Can I use a real secondary school for my book?
To Cut or not to Cut, that is the Question
I need a good simile to demonstrate a distortion of the facts
Is it good to repeat the same form of event?
Is a bandit ambush a fatal, cliche mistake?
How do I handle a backstory big enough to be a story of its own?
Vanity publishers - authors who have paid for a service- what are our rights?
Adding words to an instrumental only piano piece. Can I perform the song as my own?
Are there any legal restrictions on using the actual names of famous people in a historical novel?
How to Write a Bullying Scene?
How to present asides in play writing?
Looking for best practices on using surveys to gather information for a non-fiction book
Where can I find a dictionary for the Aklo fictional language?
Are subplots necessary for a successful story?
I have 97 pages in my book draft. Is it too late to swap to third person from first?
Do it your own way or inspire in already done ways?
What kind of an effect does breaking gender roles/stereotypes have in fiction?
How Can I Make a Great Plot?
Would Amazon allow sex between transformed humans (animal/object) with normal humans
When realistically portraying the characters' life is a bad thing?
Is alliteration distracting and not very valuable/interesting for the reader?
How do you describe details of an object visually?
How to present details about the setting in a fantasy world without telling?
Can I have both a prologue and an introduction in my book?
Suffixing words with -ness, -ish, -like, and others
Reasons to use "red herrings"?
How do I cite a short story if there is only one page?
My autobiography is exciting, but I'm an unknown. Should I make it a novel instead?
What format/platform/structure is good for writing for a video game?
What is better for prose: symmetry or simplicity?
Is it practical to write a novel with two viewpoints and written from different points in time?
How to deal with awkward pronoun repetition?
Where in the writing process do you work in subtext?
What is subtext?
What are the steps/plot-points of the Sequel Story?
How to add multiple carriage returns between documents in Scrivener?
How much detail is too much?
What if my story seems too similar to a particular movie?
I have a hard time staying focused on a single novel
Change Font in Scrivener
How much detail when writing technical documentation?
Categorization of this type of Erotica?
How to properly reference a figure or table from another paper in APA style without copying the image?
How to stop viewing your story as a film
Scrivener: Write character names once, update everywhere?
Is it bad/distracting to place long action tags between dialogue?
Tips on engaging the audience in the first chapter?
How many rewrites should a writer expect for a novel?
How to wake up a character from a first person perspective?
Are plot twists always necessary for a good story?
How to write a paragraph describing motion?
How can I rephrase that that?
Writing a character that does not share your ethnic background?
Creating a story in which the hero(es) lose
How many books should writers read?
What are some conventions for creating a sense of urgency?
What are the difficulties in "translating" an anime story into novel?
How to write a gay character from a first person perspective (Twist: The person doesn't know that they're gay!)
Is it allowed to write a review on every chapter of a book?
Thriller sub-genre
How do I know who's my protagonist? EARLY in writing process (maybe complicated, maybe not)
Should i have four points of view for my novel?
Online citation style
Resurrecting a story: Rewrite or Edit?
Need recommendation re: online resume format
Should capitalization be used for emphasis for a character's tone?
A long backstory right at the beginning
build or construct in a sentence
How do I cite royal names with their titles in MLA?
Should I use the terms "people" "person" "man" and "woman" in fantasy setting?
How do I gain sufficient emotional distance from my work to edit it?
How many common conventions exist for inserting sounds made by the author?
How do you convey a term or idea that exists in the modern world, but not in the setting of the story?
Is it bad storytelling to have things happen by complete chance?
How to manage extensive notes?
How do I develop my skill at writing essays?
Language specific rhetorical devices and their influence on non-English native writers
Is including a large number of twists a bad thing?
What do you call someone who is neither/both an antagonist and a protagonist?
Is it acceptable to start a sentence with the word "But"
Romance without cliche?
Should an author have one website or two?
Naming non-English folklore creatures
Scrivener: link files to different folders?
Queries regarding dialogue structure?
How to make a choice more sadistic?
How to describe a character when writing in First Person
Mixing dissonance and alliteration?
Reset page numbers in Scrivener
What are general strategies for making the reader uncomfortable with something they might not naturally be uncomfortable with?
Why/when should character conflict happen and how do I write it?
How can I gradually grow the romance between the two main characters?
At what point is one stealing from Lovecraftian fiction?
How to show a brief hesitation around a word
Is it bad to divert from the topic in a paragraph and continue in the next?
How to introduce alien flora/fauna without turning the fiction into a biology book?
Ways of describing new characters?
How to write from a rich "bad boy's" perspective?
Writing Montage in Novels
How can I write a novel?
How can I set top and bottom margins to ZERO in Scrivenings mode between documents?
Do light conditions affect writing?
"The flux capacitor--it's what makes time travel possible." When to keep world-building explanations short
How can I keep my dialogue nuanced and informal without breaking the illusion that the story is a translation (from a fictional language)?
What's the best way to describe what an option does in a program?
Using more than one enneagram types when developing a character for a novel?
How to write a good fight/action scene?
How do you write dialog for a character with malapropism without it seeming forced?
Too much death in character backstories? Even in a horror game?
Metaphors and other "tricks" in scientific papers
Is it bad not to explain things?
How do I figure out what "challenges/issues" my character could encounter/go through?
Internal dialogue with a quick thinking first person narrator
What's the Silicon Valley of English language fiction writing?
How do I address email to a group of people, and indicate who should reply?
How do I improve "beige" text?
How to keep the protagonist from being the only interesting person in the world?
Would an Australian need an ABN for self-publishing a book?
Which trim size for a fantasy novel?
How should I set the inside margin for my 5x8" book with Createspace?
How to use narcissism productively in writing?
Does order matter in an MLA7 header
Is using syllables the generally accepted 'proper' way to write English haiku or tanka?
I need recommendations for what software can I use in writing my first story
How many poems are in an average book of poems?
ISBN and international translations for sale in another country
Is there a way to improve my grammar without so much cost?
"Quote" within a quote MLA
MLA8 Refer to Multiple Subpages with One Citation
Does spending time on Self-Publishing take away from improving my writing skills?
resubmitting a manuscript after publication cessation
Copyright Lyrics to Songs
Which program should I use to write the first draft of my novel?
Is it needed to add breaks in a depressive story?
Software for writing theater-like scenes
Is it okay to publish some material in blog first, then incorporate into book?
Are rhymes bad in prose?
Is 'temping' a culture-specific term?
Does age matter if you want to publish a non fiction book?
How do I create a good naming system for the magic system in my Fantasy novel?
Where would I find a Critique Partner or Group?
How to generate thesis or a question out of a quote/quotes?
What are these script formats called?
Approaches to finding critique group for creative nonfiction
What are the pros/cons of writing in English in a non-English country?
Quote or Italicize Prior Dialogue
Is there any resource available listing words for facial expressions?
Who owns the copy if a copywriter provides copy as a paid service?
Standard split between author and illustrator of children's book
Short Story Outline Issues
Is mixing cultures for the setting of a fantasy story frowned upon?
Is it a bad idea to adopt an 'English' pen name as an Asian American writer to reach a wider audience?
How to make sure that you don't end up writing a Self-Insert?
What style guide puts authors' names in all caps?
Self inserts that have influence from your life
How to build break-even funnels for short fiction?
Serious real life problems in a fantasy?
What Can Ensure Re-Readability?
How are opening chapter expectations affected by genre?
Writing a story online
Past tense writing troubles. Specifically the word "Now"
How do you write a character that HATES being born into a well-off family?
How feasible is it to write a story without any worldbuilding?
Where can I find contests for extremely short stories?
Can I resubmit a manuscript that has been rewritten and professionally edited?
Is there a template for how to write a movie summarization?
How can I get reader profiles?
How do I turn a premise into a story?
What other kinds of writers are there besides plotters and pantsers?
What is the best time of day to write? Day or night?
How can I figure out my main character's overall goal?
Character Writing Exercises
Villain Character Ideas
How to handle translation of a language in a comic, while preserving a sense that the language is significant?
Is it best to make a description metaphorical, or upfront?
I am familiar with the Monroe Motivated Sequence, which is used for speeches. What are some other frameworks which make the outlining process easier?
The use of the tilde in English?
What is a reasonable rate for proofreading a manuscript in terms of sales percentage?
Extra long descriptive paragraph
How do I fix a text wall when I already have one?
How do I avoid writing text walls in the first place?
Do 'text walls' scare off readers?
Case studies of the use of concept mapping in science fiction writing?
To what extent 'Reality' be included while writing 'Realistic' Fiction literature?
Creating clues for a mystery subplot
Math textbook - Crediting sources and copyright protection of source materials
How does a novel writer explain the meaning of foreign words without giving the English translation?
CMS or web service with points system
Book Format Shape
What is a good ratio of description/action to talking?
How does one write a misanthropic character likeable?
What Genre Is My Book Judging By My Logline?
Pay rate and terms for writing book series under contract
Starting writing + Resolving a conflict in my timeline
What is the difference between ISSN and ISBN?
Can this sentence have the same detail and yet be simple to comprehend?
What is the difference between Tension, Suspense and Mystery?
How to show time lapse between two chapters?
How do I get rid of my excess ideas?
Alternative to "Brown-Nosing"
Do I need a pen name? And how do I pick a good one?
Documenting the no-args call of a command line program
Copyright of a book which is out of print
Are there any successful precedents of "gentle" fourth-wall-breaking?
How to describe a kiss between the protagonists in third person?
Scrivener: Play gifs?
How do you format equations in MLA?
Why introduce new physical appearance details late in the narrative?
Intellectual rights for a guest blog submission
How do I gather enough material to write a close reading essay?
Would it be wise to make the turning point of a story coincidental?
Should each book in the series be a similar length?
Are citations the same as references in IEEE?
How much work does a (nonfiction) ghostwriter typically do?
How long can you host preorders for?
Where does the "black moment" fall in a novel?
Is it a bad habit to reveal most of the information still at the beginning of the story?
Should you avoid offensive hyperbole?
Can fiction be written without a coincidence?
Capitalization: Taylor guitar
Advantages and disadvantages of original manuscript's page size in Word for the conversion process to Kindle
How to add more details to a novel
What are the effects of releasing an ebook version months before a hardcover?
How do I write an uneducated character with a genius level intellect in a medieval society?
Can a person get bogged down by science fiction research?
How to write a character that isn't who they claim?
Representing minorities without cultural appropriation
What are effective methods for getting reviews for a non-fiction business book?
Best place and software for a one-off, quick print of a book?
Cite letter and article separately even though both are on the same webpage?
How similar can I make fictional and real cultures?
What is a good way to name characters?
How do I get around my omniscient character isn't knowledge of the future?
Technical Writing Other Than Software
How can I make my roleplay sentences more interesting, and less lengthy?
Where to break paragraphs in dialogue?
Formatting multiple languages while avoiding italics for native speakers in their POV
How do I write a maze as a story challenge?
How can I get my readers in the gut?
I feel stuck in a [description/action] sentence structure
Am I Breaking Too Many Rules?
How do I Make a Fictional Journal Interesting Yet Believable?
Generic Character Name
Writing the nitty-gritties of a particular scene
How to know the quality of query letter critiques?
is thematic character naming off putting?
How to prevent confusion when writing in two POVs that don't alternate between scenes?
The protagonist can't defeat the antagonist without the antagonist being stupid
Is a single main character really important in a novel involving a team effort?
When is it okay to insert a page break before a new paragraph?
I am teaching myself how to write a novel -- where can I find support and resources?
Should I start writing my novel or first learn on short stories?
Need help titling my book?
A different question regarding titling a novel - Edited
Is it harder to publish a successful book these days?
Choosing between first and third person
Too Long for Title/Subtitle?
Spoilers; What Makes A Feel Good Tragedy?
How to write a manipulative protagonist that the audience can connect with
Why do typesetters capitalize the first few words of a new chapter?
How do I know when to include subplots?
How do I end a comedy sketch?
How to get a character that knows he's the main character to follow the authors agenda?
Should a reader have enough information to deduce the twist?
Are idioms in query letters a bad idea?
Legality over using a REAL museum and REAL artifacts in a fictional - HEIST novel
ISBN Add-On for different countries
How much character development is necessary beyond what the story line provides?
How to describe generic once-off characters?
Literary magazines with the fastest turnaround rate?
How to deal with seriously ill characters and what type of illness should I give them
Will bookstores order a self-published book if customers request it?
If somone is bilingual how does it affect their daily life?
How do I include translations without ruining the flow of the text?
How to head off a legal reading of a term or phrase?
MS Word Endnote Style Formatting
How can I write easier with a learning disability?
What are some good strategies to use when naming a fictional city?
Is this an example of an unreliable narrator?
Is my counterclaim good? How could it be improved? (This is based on whether or not if Odysseus is a hero or not, I argued that he was not a hero)
How to writer longer stories for a SciFi novel?
Is there a widely accepted standard for representing simultaneous ongoing events in a screenplay?
Credibility of using English in non-English-speaking worlds
What's better in fiction: to make personal statements or universal statements?
Can I get sued for using family names/experiences?
Not sure if my idea for a conclusion is introducing a new argument
Magic and logic
What are the keywords of fantasy that might deliver the feeling of fantasy
How do I incorporate Vocabulary in my writing that I already know?
Writing psychopathic characters (I)
Issue with flow of dialogue
Should I write 3 separate autobiographies?
English 1101 (1st Year) (Proof readers)
How important is owning the copyright on illustrations as a first time author of a children's book?
presenting a plethora of technical parameters in a thesis
How much does a manuscript change through publication?
How to portray a passively arrogant character?
What would be a good way of electronically organizing my aphorisms?
Is it bad that I touch macabre subjects?
What happens when I get bored of a story I'm writing?
Would it be possible to create a character without substantial motivation?
Is a ghost writer an honorable professional, or a hack?
Is using NetGalley as valuable as it promises?
Does the concept come before other "literary devices" in philosophical science fiction?
Does anyone have experience with using dictation software for creative writing?
Does a story necessarily need a theme?
Active voice in situations where the subject is unknown
How to deal with nameless characters?
Writing differently when following different character POVs - mainly age difference. (3rd Person)
In What Way are Most First Drafts Bad?
What if the hero doesn't win?
What do you call a narrator who is not unreliable, but is naive?
Is the page after the title page numbered page 1 or page 2 in MLA7?
Can I transition from real to fictional places in fantasy series?
Is representing distorted voices via different typefaces, and different languages represented by enclosing brackets an advisable thing to do?
A novel consisting of three separate stories joined only by a theme. A bad idea?
How is a dialog interruption actually shown?
Can I can legally use these song lyrics as book/chapter names?
How can I describe nervousness?
Is there any standard regarding the minimum length of a novel?
First person narrative - pros and cons
Sight Words standards for children's books
What are the Advantages/Disadvantages of Dividing a Novel into 'Sections'?
What else should I plan?
How to publish a collection of short stories?
Seeking advice on establishing the emotional impact of backstory
PoD page limits
"Overall Website" In Citing a Website (MLA)
What English version of the bible should I quote from?
Do you need to have an introduction at the beginning of every book in a series?
How far in advance should a new author allow pre-orders on Amazon?
Longer or shorter chapters?
Would it be acceptable to write demonic possession as a form of rape?
Is my story a rip-off?
Citation short form for authors' names: different authors, different books, same last name. First name in endnote?
What do you do to prevent dips during which you're not writing anything?
What to do with 'blank' chapters?
Does anyone know an excerpt of writing which demonstrates the stress and emotions of an anticipated clash with a bully?
How do I avoid making scenes feel rushed?
How to imply the opposite of the truth
I need a bit of help with block quoting
How do i write a long book monologue?
I've got too many flashbacks
How many metaphors?
Why are costs for ISBN less in Australia, until you order 1,000?
How to copyright my works in India?
Classical Style vs. Modern Innovation
What Kind of Story can Achieve Cult Status?
How do I keep the gender of my main character purposely ambiguous?
Is it more effective to lead with a physical conflict rather than an emotional one?
Where can I correct my works for grammar mistakes?
Caption title for screenshots
How difficult will writing a novel be for someone without formal training?
Is it permitted to mention a real life work of fiction in your story?
Dropping tie-ins for future stories?
How do I avoid rambling in first person narratives?
Is my book interesting and my writing eloquent enough?
How to write from the male point of view?
Is there a better greeting than 'Dear John, et al'?
Help! I have no 'cheese-meter'!
Stories with Philosophical Conversations?
Using accent marks in Fantasy novels
Use of "salesy" secondary titles on Amazon
Is it okay to keep my drafts unread by others?
How would you cite your own figure in MLA?
Is it okay to never explicitly state where your story takes place?
How can I make sure there is only one direct descendant over a thousand years
Separator character for terminology and definitions section?
Is it possible for me to finish a novel?
Powers with unknown limits vs ones full of rules, limits and reasons?
Get an agent for prescriptive non-fiction before or after completing a manuscript?
Writing a book that appeals to both genders
Flashback or Framing, does either work
How much development does a subplot need?
A subplot becoming another novel
How to cite annotation in an annotated copy of Shakespeare's Othello
Point of view question
Presenting documentation for a large software product
Length of Children's Books
Advantages of a realistic magic system
re-writing a paragraph to make it more appealing
What makes a personified force of nature?
How to interpret editor feedback?
Using reference books for free handbook
How to work in a piece of information that no MC knows, when writing in 3PLtd?
How to reference a report from multiple universities using Vancouver style?
Alt History - how do I base an empire on Rome but demonstrate quickly the difference whilst keeping the familiarity?
How can I make the final realisation less depressing?
How to casually reveal the relationship of two recently introduced characters?
Preferred way of handling bibliography in academic writing
Is it a bad idea to write and edit chapter by chapter?
How to write hidden details
What websites or programs offer strong revision tools?
Nintendo Based Copyright
Working out details of a technology concept
How do you cite song lyrics parenthetically in MLA?
Is it possible for an aggressive character to become sensitive?
Writing a compelling murder mystery
Can I have a character make a quote from a real life figure?
How does my secondary protagonist turn into the antagonist?
Can success create its own crisis?
Grammar for describing novel plots?
How to keep it interesting before the inciting incident?
Is stating the feeling in the action that describes it a sign of bad writing?
I need fake country names for my story
How do I break away from imitating published works?
Act 3 totally broken...keep writing?
How to format code in an academic report
What is the difference between Literature and entertainment literature
How to approach the Novelisation of a Play
Can I publish a book anonymously to protect the real people my non-fiction book is about?
How would I explain the atmosphere in the current scene?
Is it okay to have a character that has the same first or last name as another famous character
What I kind of project can I do for a writer's group to show that I have mastered character development?
How do I ensure what I am writing captures what I'm feeling as I write it?
What is the Purpose of an Inner Conflict?
How to make the reader feel like the protagonist is not a single character, but the group/squad?
How to turn the world "alive"?
More chapters requested. Is this a good sign?
Can there be multiple translated versions in the same language of a public domain book?
Opening statement doesn't match conclusion. Is this count as plot loophole?
Physical description of characters
What are character flaws and what makes a good one?
Need feedback on my novels character set up
Is it illegal to imagine a real person for a fictional character?
How does External Conflict set up the Climax?
How should I plan blog content and themes for the best reader experience?
Variations of the same story?
Why would my "Hero" start his Quest to save the world?
Formatting used when introducing a term
Start writing literature without reading experience
Getting my 4 aliens in the same ship?
Is blending genres well received by readers?
What should I do when I'm bored of my story but don't want to throw it away?
Portions per day, and sharing
How do I change a scene into a chapter in Scrivener?
Reusing a scene in epilogue and future chapters
Should I add more detail to my story, or just leave it vague and add it all in later?
First-person narrative: Does it make more sense to focus on internal thoughts than external gestures?
Interractive, fourth wall styles . . . What do people think?
Is it a good idea to write a non fictional incident from a first person perspective
seeking attribution for mystery verses
Brainstorming sites
How are people who write introductions and afterwords credited?
How can I hint at biases in a fictional first person account?
Finding someone to publish, in the digital age
Is there a name for this particular technique? Does it even exist? Can others point to existing novels where it has been used?
Is a dramatization of a true story classified as fiction or nonfiction?
In the digital age of Kindle and POD is a book ever finished?
How should you write a long lived species?
Who should I share my writing ideas with
one-sentence paragraph that introduces a list of paragraphs
How do I write meaningful emotional bonds?
Technique to deal with long journeys
Is there any financial advantage to translating my book myself?
Use of Regional Diction in Writing
How does a new writer keep from getting scooped?
How far do I need to go to show "fit" between two "dating" characters?
Is there a master character arc list?
Is "How to" killing creative writing?
Writing for a broad spectrum of readers. How do you engage the elite whilst appealing to the base?
Referencing the present while using the past tense
How to kill a writer's block?
Is it too cliche to have the villan of my story from a different planet?
Royalty rate for edition of estate-held text
How does (or should) an inner conflict span a series of novels?
How many plot points ( whatever you call them ) do you need for a novel?
Does a novel require a conflict?
Why do newswriters separate women when they report on disasters?
Tracing the line between a (genuinely) dramatic and a melodramatic/over-dramatic story
Attribution of authorship within group reports in academia
Copying Certain Information From A Official Website
Finding fantasy genre a bit too complex
Writing my Watson trope
What should I do if I know the antagonist but too many options for protagonist?
How do I turn a "screensaver" into an actual story?
"just telling the tale" - does this work?
What happens with changing POV Irregularly?
Commonly accepted term for ways to present book content?
How do journalists prepare to cover unfamiliar fields?
Dialogue in Short Stories
Can publishers accept spacing between paragraphs?
Should I switch perspectives every chapter, or only when I feel the character needs to have some thoughts?
book placement in libraries
When writing a novel, is it wise to switch from first-person to third-person? What is the most effective way to do this?
How to focus on external conflict rather than inner/interpersonal conflict?
Can I use the real name of TV shows in my novel?
How does the narrator address a character who has changed her name, but only some people call her this new name?
How to: descriptive writing
Can you write a story using inanimate characters?
What, if anything, can I do about Amazon reviews being one-sidedly censored?
What is considered "childish" in fictional writing?
"Am I mixing my tenses?" She asked, scratching her head
Worth writing, if end is obvious
What to do if the chapter is too short and needs something but it just seems to stop?
Do you pluralize a Roman numeral?
Correcting a handwritten manuscript
Is it too late to change a character in the story?
How do i tweak my blogger page to my taste for effective blogging experience
Are there any body snatchers in the present?
What kind of effect can the name of a place or character have on a reader?
How do you handle slang with questionable spelling?
Need suggestion on promoting the book
Can I have camera directions in a script?
Is it possible to change a story to the point where it stops being considered "previously published"?
Publishing an e-Textbook
When is it "not okay" to say a spoiler in writing?
How do I represent two computers having a conversation between themselves that other characters are unaware of?
Is it worth switching to Dvorak if I already type fast?
How would I summarize my story?
Where do I write 'The End'?
Right approach to introduce a character on a script
video game equivalent of an editor?
How much of a character's past/background should I let on?
What are the industry standards of style and formatting?
How to: More Words
When to stop the story line?
Is it common for character traits to be expressed in the way a character fights? If so, how?
Using one source, multiple times, and footnotes
When writing a 1000 word short story...?
Uh oh - My book stinks. Now what?
How to not change my mind
Are there exceptions to starting a new paragraph for every speaker?
How to present a human protagonist from a narrator who does not know what a human is?
Writing without a contract
How to invent a new language in writing?
Children and their parents
Question regarding narration and 1st - 3rd person swaps
How to expose a reader to the rules of a fantastical world?
Is the website allpoetry.com benefecial for poets and writers?
How to write a story that argues an idea
How To Attribute Myself to Book I Publish with Pen Name?
How can you incorporate magic and sex into a setting without it becoming fetishy?
Are authors who self publish respected in the writing world?
Are different levels of character development required for primary as opposed to secondary characters?
Can lack of motivation be used as character motivation?
Republishing public domain work by family ancestors
How do I calculate how many copies I am planning to print?
How would I give a reference of my YouTube channel in the Resume?
Is Ice/Fire opposition too stereotypical?
How to avoid stacking headings in documentation, theses etc
I am looking for statistics on the percentage children's books versus other genres in self-publishing
How to attribute photos from Internet in book
Killing off a character
Do we use an article with every item in a list of countable singular nouns?
How To Define The Compelling Need Of My Reader
Examples of books advocating for political/educational reform?
How to balance relatability in a story with unique world building?
Making the antagonist
Is it plausible for a narrator to "hear" and describe sounds which would normally be out of earshot?
I have a weak motivation for a god character! How Do I Make It a Stronger Motivation?
Where should I pitch a book of short stories in English accompanied by French translations?
What things should one highlight as good in beta reading feedback?
Southern Californian slang/vernacular
How does the 3 act structure fit in a Non Linear story?
Is it strange/confusing to initiate/introduce a dialogue without a dialogue tag?
Brainstorming Techniques to use when running out of ideas?
How can I phrase common terms and proper nouns in a different or more poetic fashion?
When it comes to creating cadence, should I depend on my ear or are there principles I can follow?
Do you italicize fictitious television show in fiction book?
Italicize inside quotes?
Ways to replace "Then, ..."
How significant a role have editors played on books published in the past?
Can I use prominent people in history to as characters in my fiction?
Italics use in a fiction book
Going from worldbuilding to writing a short story
How can you show that a character is feeling amazing?
Rewriting a blog post, passing a plagiarism checker as 100% unique, do I still need to cite my source if I want to post it on my own blog?
How do I recreate this particular academic white paper format?
Author intervention in fiction
Getting out of writers' block?
Online publishing platform
How do some writers manage to emulate the writing styles of others?
Is character arc or character development more important (assuming they are in conflict?)
A Wishing stone needs to be destroyed?
What country do I use?
Why am I not motivated?
How to know if your own story is surprising?
present tense fiction - examples of it done well and common pitfalls
How do I number chapter pages in scrivener?
How to not steal characters
Is it okay to have made up words/slang in a story?
copyright infringement
What writing process should I use to produce the kind of writing I want?
Writing vs roleplaying (by forum)
Planning ahead or going with the flow?
Is writing in a foreign language a brilliant way to shoot oneself in the foot?
How do I blur the line between dream and reality?
Offensive aesthetics and naming conventions?
What medical advice can you offer for "world builders disease"
What combination of had and 'd makes prose flow better?
Acronyms in Technical Writing
Is per cent (two words) standard for British authors?
How do you contact Hollywood directors?
Manuscript formatting details
Is it possible to work with characters that you dislike?
How do I obtain permission to quote a Buddhist teaching in my fiction book?
How can I write a fictional mythology diary?
I need help with this story!
Redeeming a Good Character Who Does a Bad Thing
Is it a bad writing practice to open a story with a time frame when the time frame is irrelevant?
What's it called?
Research paper: want to reprint an illustration but creator is dead w/no heirs -- how do I get permission?
How do I describe this particular scene?
Resource for rejected novel manuscripts
Larger structure - followup to Sense of Style by Steven Pinker
Is read, read, read really the best advice?
How to chop up long scenes?
How can I make the relevance of a story thread more apparent?
Is it ok to make fun of gender stereotypes?
Showing Confusion
How long is a typical chapter?
When is a good time to copyright your book?
Relationship advice?
What is the creative aspect of creative writing?
Online resources searchable for example sentences from literature
How do I cover many years with little activity without it feeling rushed?
Are there any online writing groups dedicated to critiquing synopses?
Can I avoid free writing?
In a formal syntax notation, how should I indicate many optional elements?
How do you write an evil character without making him "sexy" or "cool"?
I'm writing a book called Wilders
What is the term for a show or movie that has no actual story?
Time frame of a traditional publisher, submitting to publishers, and need for an agent
Is YA as a genre being supplanted?
Is it better to leave out the "filters/filler" in situations like this one?
How do you describe your characters?
Better Ways of Showing Fear
Change standard behaviour of pasted text?
Bilingual Characters
Manuscript Format in Microsoft Word
How to keep consistency of style through a piece of writing?
How do you format partial song lyrics at the beginning of a chapter
What's the effect of placing "of course" at the beginning or at the end of the sentence?
Switching between past tense and historical present tense
How do I find a co-author while protecting my rights?
How to interleave a story with context and introspection?
When do I successfully kill off an important secondary main character... in a series of five books?
Writing an inverse of sexual shaming toward men
What is it called when the reader is the focal point?
What makes a poem a poem?
What to consider when choosing a pen name for a sci-fi novel?
Can my character's name match someone in real life?
Satirical writing: how much can you say about famous athletes?
How can a book get a Kirkus Star, yet have no sales?
Is there a hack to bring out your "true" voice?
System for Coming up With a Good Title
Concussions and the hospital procedures regarding them
Gathering information online?
Daily Word Count
How to describe complex shots in spec script?
How to find and keep readers and commenters for a diary like blog about mental health issues?
Why is getting a job in journalism so difficult without a degree?
Does using a pen name complicate a copyright registration?
Using ellipses in a novel
When can You Pause the Story and Speak Directly to the Reader?
How do I know what language is period-appropriate?
Making a blog for my book?
Can you publish an ebook as an Editor of someone else's writing under a pen name/pseudonym?
How could a paragon character be an antagonist?
Is there a method to estimating the length of a work before writing it?
Do new writers stand a chance at a career without ambitions to write series?
How to use a quote with frequent changes
How to find a publisher for a a science fiction novella
Framemaker 2017 and change bars
What rights are needed to sell books on your website?
'Filling' up a school setting without making a bunch of new characters?
What are ways to make the protagonist's relationships with other people seem realistic?
Text formatting
Does a screenplay include dialogues between the characters?
How does copyright generally work?
Types of written discourses
Will Publishers Accept Alternate Planetology?
Do I have any control over the grammar of my novel?
Recaps: Yes, No, and How To?
Where are standard wordcounts for different types of fiction found?
How do you escape "wanting-to-be-deep-ism"?
How to make a character's personality trully distinguishable/memorable?
How do I credit a quote if I am uncertain of the source?
Two first-person narrators in one story
creating convincing characters who are under the influence but avoids stereotypes
Ways to reduce the -ing verbs in dialogue and action tags?
Is it bad/distracting to mix dialogue and action too much?
Can I have two prologues
How to write and promote my film blog more effectively?
Can I use a public university as the setting for my fiction?
What is the line spacing in novels?
What constitutes misleading the reader
How to describe a husky, low, sinister voice?
How to cite the source when paraphrasing/summarizing in Chicago-Turabian style
Can a source be cited just to substantiate a claim, without specifically mentioning the author or the content?
Chessmaster type characters?
Book translation from English to Portuguese
What language to use as scientific without exact its naming?
How to decide which sentence structure is correct?
Should I use colons and semicolons to summarize information?
Getting paid from Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing while maximizing profits
How to subtly portray psychological abuse?
Is it better to self-publish or get a real publisher for a 100page humor/comedy ebook?
Is writing in fragments bad practice?
Saying "The" too frequently
How would one ask questions about the job of a rookie police officer?
Can I be a writer, with a mental illness?
How to manage the dynamics of a conflict between parents when their child is involved?
Creating a fictional place within an actual city?
How to Write About Uncomfortable Subjects?
Is active or passive voice more common in scientific writing?
Isn't word-choice important?
Can I reference an excerpt someone else created of a particular book?
Finding beta-readers for science | religion non-fiction
Where to put statistical signifance test results
Which citation format do I use when multiple style options apply to the same source?
How do I vary my dialogue?
Should I bother allowing images (headshots) for pen names?
Is it eccentric to address the reader in non-fiction writing?
Where can i correct my work for clarity and grammar issues?
Would writers expct individual ebook format sales?
Where to take names for characters?
In a screenplay/script format, how do you handle several people saying hello or goodbye to each other?
How can I have a war with no "good" or "evil" side?
Need help with the logistics of faking a character's death
How can you deal with the darker themes of a grimdark setting without being edgy?
How to protect my idea/design to re-publish a public domain book?
Time flips / thinking about past too often
I have lots of ideas to write, what should I do? And what writing groups online that can keep me motivated?
How to Write a Short Story Collection?
What are the acts of a story?
Is it good to add 'I believe' at the beginning of the sentence?
Is this a valid haiku?
Using names of video game, movie, and comic book characters and group names in novel, but as tribute to them
Taking copyight
Writing inverse stereotypes of men and women without sounding preachy
Are the following examples violations of first-person limited?
Tool to detect adverbs
Could I be overdoing it on my first story?
Are lit consultancies just out for money or can I trust them?
Finding a thematic setting
Internal and telepathic dialog
Are About pages copyright?
Trademarked toys as an inspiration to a novel - should I contact the producer?
Two-color (e.g., black & red) print-on-demand services?
How can we find a mentor for publishing our book?
Explain character dynamics without giving away too much backstory?
Citing an author's primary sources
Author-recommendation for styles similar to Lovecraft?
Is consonance good or bad in fiction?
How to self-publish for free?
Help! Character naming similarity
Not enough real world experience to write convincing situations?
Point of view, narrative voice, and when to name a character in narration
What is the best way to generate ideas?
Am I being too descriptive?
When writing a novel where do you start?
Would having a story set in a conworld based on the modern age alienate readers?
Do popular books use simpler language?
Wrote myself into a paradox and now demotivated - how to resolve?
How do I promote a self-published book?
How much work do you have to do after getting your novel published?
Other authors' fictional characters in writing
a compiler or an editor?
Linguistic simplicity in novels: how do different world markets/languages view it?
How to write a scene from multiple peoples perspectives?
Why are 'Episodic' books so uncommon
How to use small caps in stage directions of a play?
Should all books have page numbers?
When self publishing, are you able to be artistic with the look of the printed word?
How to stop projecting yourself into your writing?
Intentional, Subconscious, or Coincidence?
How do I write a good haiku poem?
Can I go to a poetry publisher with samples and be taken seriously if I have not had individual poems published?
Should I be concerned with my fiction writing containing accidental prophecies of real world events?
Reasons for confusion over tenses in a story
Story content and audience
If the first book didn't sell well due to going the self-publishing route, is writing the sequel worth it from a business perspective toward agents?
Would I stand a better chance at recognition and profit if I go to professional publishing?
Literary agent terms
How can I make my translations more 'literary' / 'story-esque''?
How do I publish my first articles?
Should I change the verb tenses in a letter I'm translating that has them in the present but talking about the past?
How to introduce a nameless, mysterious character in limited third person?
From a writing standpoint, what is the value of Deus Ex Machina?
Weaving VERY IMPORTANT OPINIONS into a story without murdering it
How to make good anti-heroes?
Handling different ethnicity groups in a work without stepping into racism or faux multiculturalism
When using mythology in your writing, can you change certain small aspects of some myths to fit into your story?
Appropriate for YA?
Website for writing project management
Does a work need to be sexually stimulating to be classified as erotica/erotic literature?
How do I stay confident?
What would be the best linking word for this context?
Tips for making writing move fluidly
How to write from a cat's perspective?
Is it impractical (not cost effective) to publish individual short stories on Amazon KDP?
What does it mean to subvert a trope?
I wrote a novel, now what?
How to make "Joffrey like" characters for a "kick that son of a bitch " moment
Tool for making guitar chord diagrams
Avoiding "kill it off for DRAMA" trope whilst doing it
Multiple POV's: Am I in over my head?
Plotting My Story~
The style of interleaving separate stories in a book
The use of short, concise sentences to suggest a withdrawn character
How to write liminal characters?
Pros and Cons: A blog to get feedback
Is it a good review tactic to go back in the story and ask deeper questions about a scene, to be answered in the story?
how to write a rant?
Are all writers, readers?
How to keep track of characters' location, within a longer narrative?
APA Citations - Online Databases
Character names/nicknames in screenplay format
Using Names for Weaponry used in Actual Games
Should I use a disclaimer in my novel?
Two protagonists where one is dark - a mistake?
How to transmit feelings in a technical book writing?
In a screenplay do use periods in action line/dialogue?
Using Trademarked Public Domain Characters as supporting characters in story
I have written an elegy, how to describe subjects in detail?
Is fan fiction publishable?
What are ways to describe feelings of fear?
Translation&Publishing: which situation do I need to inform the author, or don't?
Recommend where to get screenplay edited?
Can i write a poetic book rhyming on every statement?
I'm trying to make an A-Z book for children
Can my character specialize in torture ; but physically be not that strong?
How to deal with multiple climaxes (multiple protagonists)?
Is it okay to have my family edit my book?
Will increasing the word count of my novella to make it a novel improve my options for publishing?
voice over or off screen for AI in a TV script
What can I do if I hate my own protagonist?
I want to start writing again: original project or new one?
Should i write my first fiction novel in the present or the past tense when writing in the first preson?
Is it better the use the present or the past tense for a novel written in the first person
What should I do if halfway through a story, I am not anymore convinced with the plot and the storyline ?
How to use short stories to explore a new setting and potential characters for a novel?
Use of real organization in fiction
How to make my story structure less repetitive?
How To Cite a Hyperlink in E-Book
Tense in a query letter, synopsis, outline
Need clarification on use of M-dash and ellipsis in screenplay, I've seen numerous conflicting sources on this
Writing accented dialog guides?
When/why are action lines broken up into different entries?
How to sign a contract to publish in a literary magazine?
What is a subplot based on: conflict or tension?
Is permission required for quoting the Bible or nursery rhymes?
What books should have a sequel?
Do I need the copyright to mention Tim Hortons?
How do I write a generic romantic relationship between a male anti-hero and a female antagonist?
How to write an autobiography... Kind of.
Can a character kill itself without having a weapon?
In searchable documentation, what function does a glossary serve?
Scrivener changes my font size
What is the correct way to cite a paraphrase of another source?
MS Word -- free or low cost options? Comments/Track changes?
Listening to music that inspires the story
What is the motivation to use a useless dolt as a protagonist?
Size of a Page While Printing
Using direct references to Marvel without being sued
Need to own copyright on illustrations if planning a series?
Can I rewrite and sell the material of already published history of literature book in the form of Q & A?
What do you think would make you a better writer - Writing with pen and paper or typing on your PC / Laptop?
First person from the point of view of a child
First Person vs. Third Person: Advantages and Disadvantages?
Effective online marketing alternatives to social media
In my screenplay(spec, I believe) can I use "we see..." in action line?
2 questions about screenplays
How do I write a description of something that's not concrete?
Is putting Heaven in my book title a bad idea if the book isn't religious?
Does a first novel in a fantasy trilogy have to end with a va-voom?
Common mistakes made by first time fantasy novelists?
Are words like 'cunt' too provocative for use in the current fiction market?
How do i write an amazing love letter?
Copyright plot of movie?
Required Notices On Publishing A Public Domain Works
One of my characters laughs a lot
I wrote a book, but changed my mind on the ending
Are tables of contents mandatory in novels?
Has self-publishing killed the critique group?
Is there a different term for "Casket lowering device"?
Need help regarding referencing another books materials in a book I am writing
How Often To Proof Read Book I'm Self-Publishing
Titles as Real Estate
Chants in fictional languages
how many words minimum?
I am planning to write stories - But how do I publish and sell them?
I want to use something like V.O. or O.S to indicate my character is in a shadow, what should I do?
How can I give a novel a particular atmosphere?
How do publishers fact-check a memoir about prison?
What are the stages between publishing a book on KDP and producing an audiobook?
What is the balance between 'stating a problem clearly' and Hemingway's literary iceberg?
PhD -> Science writer: Solid move?
As a ghostwriter, can I edit my author's Scrivener file?
Considering the audience for technical publications
Referencing Screen shots in technical/knowledge base articles?
How often should you use walk on and characters that just are moving the story forward?
How should I approach writing a trilogy?
Where can I look for a co-author?
How to handle a character's failure?
What raises the stakes and suspicion in a plot?
What´s the best path to writing a blog about technology?
A Question of Pacing - Trilogy or Quadrilogy - Cluttered Story
How can I explain my world if the character is technologically not yet capable of understanding it?
Alternative for the Hero's journey (since it is about Ego)
Should I make my prologue chapter 1?
“ The doctor spirit 'Dr. Tom' ” - possible book title?
Doing walls of text dialogue right
What do sentences look like in a rough draft before they are combined into a cumulative sentence?
Does publishing erotica on Kindle Marketplace require an ISBN, or is an ASIN sufficient?
Outline for argument paper
Is a character with a hidden Power too strong?
How to write about aliens without making the work seem Sci-fi?
Do some people lack the ability to generate ideas or content for writing?
At what stage of writing a first draft is it the best time to do a rewrite?
When does use of offensive language in a book go from a character trait or to convey emotion to bad use of English skills
Help! My brain is writing several chapters at once!
What are techniques to explore a world you've built?
Flash-forward as Prologue and then Flashbacks too complicated?
If I mention a fictional character in a paper will I need any citations or references?
How do you format a screenplay?
How does one cite a print chapter in a textbook without the exact page?
Can a POV be from a baby?
Classic fantasy races lazy or boring?
How can I test if an idea I have for a plot twist is satisfying for (most) people?
Describing a sport in a fantasy setting
What to do if my writer's brain functions in English but my target readers are those of my motherland?
What are the risks and benefits of using humour in business/commercial writing?
I'm not sure where to start with writing a horror story
How do authors maintain suspension of disbelief for exaggerated situations or characters
What paper stock should I use for the soft cover of my book?
Rewriting a scifi story to fit with actual science, should I do it as I go?
what is account-based writing?
How to write a time-lapsed style scene in a screenplay?
Pregnancy in writing - A bit difficult
About the Scope of Sections and Paragraphs
Interactive feedback - is it a good idea?
I am losing significant word count in the second draft of my novel. How might I use that space to deepen the characters and story?
Simultaneous Bilingual Writing
Are human sounds capitalized like other sounds in the action line?
Usefulness of writing conferences and realistic expectations of obtaining an agent
"The more fleshed out the character is, the more the reader will care about him". Always true?
How important is writing for games?
How to write character to contradict it's values
Effective jokes in a character's speech
side story breaking off from my main one about side character?
Is it possible to read your own words too much? (and begin to hate them as a result)
Should I use he, she, or it when referring to a bird as a metaphor for my cell phone?
Confusing author guidelines
"Group think" and least common denominator in writing groups?
How to write a note to the teacher?
How important is an LCCN ? (self publishing)
Mashing worlds, good or not so good?
Is there a YouTube for writers? Basically a way to share manuscripts on social media
How to briefly research baseball
How to figure out what my target readers are?
Why are words like In stressed sometimes and not others?
Online list of novel lengths, in word-count
The basics of making a "reason you suck speech" that doesn't feel contrived
How do I write POV with a hive mind character?
Use of past and present tense in same novel
Duping the reader?
Could I get a publisher outside of my home country to publish my work?
What are the advantages of publishing an RFC
How to write long conversation of (whispers) when screenwriting?
Asking for help in pitching and writing a script
How to write a compelling village scoundrel?
Memoir on a coveted experience, has no conflict! What should i do?
Will this form of "third person limited" confuse readers?
APA Citation for a undergrad-level book review
How often can I use time lapses?
Would it be appropriate to end a side story as soon as a character is killed off?
What information about a fictional world is unnecessary?
How is an antithesis used in creative or formal writing?
What is the best way to test two version of chapter 1?
When my story has a powerful phrase but that loses its power when I read it again in the next day, should I keep it or remove it?
How to show crying through text?
Are more or less details better for details that do not play a role in the story but describe where part of the story takes place?
New story in 'same universe'. When is it a sequel? How to title?
Should I use quotes or italics when using the expression "... as though to say"?
Accessing different parts of brain for creativity
How would I give the rights to my novel to my parents?
Should I be concerned about relatability or can I just tell the story the way it is?
When do I use single quotation marks when I am typing or writing?
How can I improve my grammar?
On Scrivener, Hitting Return Key is Causing Double-Space when it shouldn't
Skipping the first act?
How firm is the 120 page limit on a screenplay?
How do I get more exposure as an author?
Can I publish a book containing content licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.2?
Is it correct to write "should/could/must be" in past tense narrative?
Should I take breaks from writing?
Indexing: after or during the writing process
How can I write silent communication?
Where to put character responses in dialog?
Chapter size matters?
Right to published deceased mother's poetry
How to do reference jokes right?
Writing garbage to see if the characters do something interesting?
Is it copyright infringement to Disney if I were to name my online company BuzzLightYear?
Writing a first-person novel where the MC gets temporarily taken out of commission?
How much per page? Is this a ripoff?
If my main character gets powerful for each emotional trauma,How do i describe it?
Should I defend my character's appearance?
Why would one write something in 2017?
"...If I wrote it..."
How can I continue one scene after many scenes?
Does a character without huge weaknesses need improvement?
How would you format one essay that asks two different, separate questions?
Character feelings?
What changes should be made to the story if a single book becomes a series?
I have another question about adverbs. Can you check my instincts?
I have very little technical ability, will this hinder my ability to tell a story and how to improve?
Is it necessary to use words like "said", "asked," etc in dialog?
Is it OK to introduce a character to leave it simmering to a later date?
Open source writing software with version control
How do I judge the quality of a translation?
Is it OK to rename characters?
Names and aliases
How to be mindful of the reader when handling disturbing/distressing subjects?
Timeline back and forth
Action line questions in screenplay format
How to ask a question and define what I mean?
What are specific things (choices, techniques, etc) successful published novel writers do and don't do?
Publishing and Marketing
How to write an actually psychopath character
What do magazines mean when they say they don’t accept reprints?
In a novel that I'm writing, can a character quote a line from a movie or TV show?
Ideas for short story - not sure how to proceed
Another question about two POV's and broken timelines
How to sound confident but not cocky?
Building character trust
Using in' rather than ing in third person omniscient
Three protagonists in one novel, too much?
Can different publishers publish books taking place in the same story universe?
Is my usage of this word correct?
I want my novel to contain custom fonts - what should I do?
Should my opening include a religious initiation ritual?
How do I write a social survival guide for asperger people?
How do I start writing a good plot line?
Setting the mood?
How many pages should cover the Ordinary World of the Protagonist?
Resources with Examples of Short Stories to Teach Dialogue
Protagonist Joining the Group of the Antagonist
What's gained from NaNoWriMo?
Effective hero journeys that don't kill the villain?
Will a publisher create a custom font?
To what extent do I have to explain certain reasons or choices to my audience?
show-don't tell with word limit
Explaining a major-studies change
Is it wrong to use the same word multiple times within a few sentences?
Does misspelling words for the sake of bad English improve the immersion or distract the reader?
What font should I use to write alien language?
Way to reveal big twist in fantasy world
Plot twist twist = straight plot twist
Using words in other languages
Is it dull to have a world where all characters cannot speak properly?
Are -lich adjectives and adverbs critiqued in German fiction?
How does one write fluff?
Can I publish an erratum to add a reference to another author?
Dialogue continuations by another speaker: capitalize or no?
How to avoid constantly starting paragraphs with "The character did this" "The character did that"?
Really bad wording and structure, help!
Excerpt's length
How to avoid being too wordy
How do I say that a character said something without resorting to "said Character" every time?
Do modern readers believe the first person narrator can't die?
What should a new edition of a novel consist of?
How to write dialogue where only some of the words matter?
How to improve the flow of short scenes
Are significant edits made to books first published in the USA, for the UK market?
Sounds: how to describe them?
Way to write rapid mental trauma
How can I ban someone from publishing my work without my permission?
If I write a scene almost exactly like in someone's photograph, would it be plagiarism?
Tech-limited metaphors?
How do I make it so my story happens in an ambiguous time frame?
Where is a good place to locate / source good script & story writers?
If I unnofficially create a theory and use it in my story, will it have any validity that I'm the author of such theory?
Book Series - Is using 'Volume #' OK (with no book name)
How to draw the line between expository and argumentative writing?
Storyteller/creator vs writer
What is it called when poets changing grammar rules?
Will people not want to download my book if it's put up on sale for free?
Other Forms of Partitioning a Novel
Does Microsoft Word give a correct Word Count?
Quotation Question in APA Format Critical Analysis
How to describe guns to someone who has never seen them before
How to avoid repetitive sentences? (Describing actions, he/she)
Does adding an indefinite article in this sentence hurt the flow, or does it improve clarity?
Is a neutral/impartial story "boring"?
How long does a first draft have to be if the essay i'm writing is 300 words long?
How to write a character that knows a lot about explosives?
How do you get the legal disclaimer notice before you publish your fiction/non-fiction book?
Any software that allows me to create documents and maps with links to other documents or photos?
Pitfalls of morally grey protagonists?
Scientific article: How to say that with our result something could be done but hasn't
How do I slowly get two characters to fall for each other?
Fictional characters of a real sports team?
character introduction - should the character's name be repeated multiple times?
How to know the reason for rejection?
How to make a statement formulated like an exclamation, but even-toned?
Is there a name for layers of subtext?
How can I make a setting which shows something?
Present tense or Future tense (When writing articles or technical guides)
How can I write a realistic motorcycle crash?
Struggling to portray a character's multitude of internal experiences
Is it a bad habit to cause too many deep permanent changes in the status quo of a story that envisions sequels?
Clauses: comma splices and run-on sentences
Help with phrasing a survey question
Can I copy images from published books and use them in my paper?
Told my plot is good but my writing style is weak. Please help
'modulate for' - an unconventional but tolerated verb-preposition combination?
What are most common tropes of a paranormal book and dark fantasy book?
What do you italicize when you create a compound word or worldplay?
How to show two characters are communicating mentally
Using fake swear words without them seeming out of place to the reader
Could I use the brand name 'Imodium' as a title for a short story?
Is it redundant to repeat a subject when it's been implied in a college essay?
Book writing principles
Sample Script Submission
Broken up dialog in single paragraph
Trying to regain writing skills I lost after a writing hiatus
Writing a full conversation in free indirect speech
Giant animal mounts in high fantasy
What would you call non human "people"?
In fiction writing, how can one make the passage of time seem shorter?
Vampire with bone claws similar to wolverine's
How can I get into the mindset to write?
To break free and write something new or finish the rough draft
There will be vs There is : When writing proposals for IT projects
How to write an English paper about a short story?
What makes bad science fiction?
Searching for character relation map software
How do I include two prerequisite ideas without a non-sequitur?
Word for this behavior? Frustrated exhale through the nose
How to keep track of character development in a character profile?
Survival fiction-Plane crash logistics
Is the strategy described here an effective one, to distinguish character voice?
How do I introduce a room of 4 new characters?
Does defending one position strongly a way to get a high mark for a GRE issue response for the writing section?
How to slow down the pace of the story?
Writing a letter from the future
A comprehensive foreign-language source citation question
How to organize your ideas, how to keep reasonable when writing
Want to write, have ideas, no story telling techniques or experience, feeling lost?
Writing an autobiographical science fiction
Electricity Manipulation Variations
Plot and characters conflict too much
Why would my character turn off his phone?
How do I reconcile the difficulties of writing a roman à clef?
How to describe a seemingly-random doodle/symbol, whose details are significant?
How to create an all powerful god-like character with real flaws and weakness?
What makes a good death scene?
What's the proper format for a book proposal that will be sent to multiple publishers?
When writing down a huge amounts of detail is inevitable
For seasoned ghostwriters -- What would YOU charge?
How to tactfully inform readers of differences in the book world to the real world?
Can I reference real companies in a novel?
Character pivots, where to put them
What to avoid when writing a villain that is insane?
Who (if anyone) can add canon to an existing universe?
How to avoid the villain being a caricature
Giving the narrator a personality that doesn't gets tiring
Do editors rewrite?
Connecting paragraphs in comparative analysis
Do I always need to use linkers and connectors?
What is the difference between character-driven stories and plot-driven stories?
How do I describe something so alien that none of my characters can understand it?
Do people keep reading because of what's ahead or what's behind?
How does public domain/copyright work across different countries?
How to come up with original ideas for stories?
How does one gauge the strength of any particular adverb?
How should this be revised?
WYSIWYG-type editor for dialog?
What length should my paragraphs be?
Is it wrong if I kill off a black character?
Can I name a male character Artemis?
Page numbering. Empty pages for notes include in page numbering?
What are good resources to get fantasy names?
To make my art or to work for the readers? (For a profits-intended work)
Why are clichés discouraged in fiction writing?
How to complement a novel with short stories - what to avoid
Typography for a book?
Need mythical creatures for high fantasy
Questioning Plagiarism Rules
How can I write God with a more feminine aspect and introduce it into my culture's mythology?
How to edit story structure
When writing a script, is it okay to use sentence fragments?
At what point do you draw the line of showing, and not telling, or vice versa?
When writing non-linear, do I have to note time changes?
Having an acronym for a villainous organization
How should I write this scene heading? Let me explain
What is the origin of the Hero's Journey?
What does it mean to be (or not to be) a workshop poet?
How to write a doctoral thesis?
Do self publishers need to support punctuation differences for different markets?
How do I finish my projects?
What is the purpose of showing
A shameful failure for a character that creates expectation of the opposite?
What to do with first writing
How do you guide a character into discovering a world?
quotation from one language into English
Bending the rules of the english language for effect; sentence fragments and run-ons
Are there any free sites for testing beta 'book cover' designs?
Is nudity allowed in historical nonfiction?
How to turn off justification when outputting a PDF in Scrivener?
Scrivener 3 on older MacBook
Where to find industrial schematics or blue prints for reference?
IRL companies roasted in fiction, what would happen?
Making the death of background characters sad
How much dialogue in a first date scene?
Does it make sense to put a hyperlink into an answer within an interview?
What is a DF manuscript?
How do I mislead readers about a character in a story?
Dash and space usage for dialogue interruptions, stuttering, starting over
How to tell when you can only tell
Writer's Block? Or something else?
What are great examples of fiction where characters draw on their past to make decisions in the present?
How many people are writing novels?
Citing Oracle documentations of Java
Self-check redundant words
What is an arena-driven story?
Omniscient but limited Narrator talking to the characters - Pros and cons
Structure / arcs for multiple characters
How do I make a book or series of books that take place in three different centuries make sense and flow appropriately?
How do you handle it when a controversial philosophy is an essential part of your story?
Is this featured article wrong about passive voice?
Is there a way to make all characters to be chameleon's archetype?
How do I cite/reference multiple lines of cuneiform translations in MLA?
Balance between character's point of views
What tense do I use when talking about a character that has died?
Q about verb tenses for technical writing
To what extent is it necessary re-introduce characters at the beginning of each book in a series?
What is Third Person Dramatic?
POD Formatting For Soft And Hard Cover
Is there a difference between slogans and brand statements?
How to prevent ebook piracy from stealing your livelihood?
In-universe swear, curses, similies and sayings, how to make them less cringeworthy
How do I write someone reading a document?
Many ideas, life catching up with me, no time to write
Using the Voice wisely
Retelling old stories
Should I, and how should I develop a "filler character"?
Housing fictional characters
What country to buy an ISBN when your language is different to the country you live in?
Words and Phrases Used as Words
Why do I feel this about using the computer to write?
Should I write a novel if I haven't read many?
Are there any postulates of literature?
How to write a board game scene?
How to write a backstory in a way that the reader can form their own unique conclusions
How to create this scenario
How to make stock death speech great again?
Citing two sources in one sentence
How to properly format a post update on a company blog?
Moving between a narrator's memories of the past and the "literary present"
Character insight: What is it like to lose a child?
The Good, the Bad, and the Semicolon
How would you personify fear?
What does "juvenile tone" mean?
Why sometimes we read "automatically" ?
When making a statement, when is it adequately supported?
Should I add new information to a company blog at the beginning or at the end of the article?
How to express sarcasm in non-dialogue text?
What type of stuff should someone read to improve their email skills?
How to make innocent jokes
What would happen to the reader if the main character dies in the story?
Chapter 1 Problems
How do I format dialogue for an AI chatbot in a screenplay?
What is Writing/Editing Backwards Really?
How are intercut scenes done?
How do readers/writers alike feel about too much narration in a story?
What are the dangers of self publishing?
How to "Show" and not "Tell" for nervousness?
How should I start to write a flash fiction story?
How can you utilize taboo themes in a setting without alienating a modern audience?
Indie Publishing with more than one POD publisher & ISBN
Writer's Block For Years...?
Is it okay to sum up unimportant dialogue in the description? Let me explain
How to write repeated actions
Double spaces in paragraphs for publishers?
How to have characters talk about making explosives without the FBI showing up here?
What is the best book marketing strategy for an audiobook?
What exactly is an editor "summary"?
How can I establish the nature of a person/group without action?
Should I create a fictional college if students go missing in my script?
How to create tension during a conversation
How can I plan the chapters in my book?
How do I know what I'm writing is interesting to the reader?
Writing an image Utopia book
How to "ensure" that the hyperbole's exaggeration can be filtered by the reader?
Writing witty/funny characters with deadpan humor
How do I show the confusion my character feels?
Is Wikipedia Trustworthy?
How can I make dialog sound like that of a six year old?
How to write a scientific journal?
How can I know that what's on a site is true?
Where do I go looking for an editor?
How to expand my vocabulary?
Can an "adult" story have a child protagonist?
How far underneath the surface is the message of a story?
Should mystery stories have resolutions?
How to make a psychopath/sociopath likeable?
How to express martial arts action in fiction?
Any details/advice on how to write on a tiny notebook/notepad in your hand while standing up?
What are proper ways to end a business letter?
Ways to improve an article
Fantasy Series - YA or Adult protagonist?
Pitfalls to avoid when using the "GM technique" for fantasy writing
Is it better to save each chapter in a separate word document or all in one document?
How to create a useful diff of a markdown writing project iteration
Can I pay to win at publishing?
Set multiple Trilogies in the same timeline?
Writing a phone call scene in a screenplay
Can a story be considered plagarism even though its in a different world
How do I handle unintentional occurences of politically hot topics?
How do I incorporate "survivor's guilt" in my character? How would it affect his daily life?
What are common writing tropes in dark romance?
Thinking about a good beginning
How do writers feel about translations of their works? Looking for examples
How do I display articles I wrote in someone else's name in my portfolio?
Should I write about a particular lingering thought?
Looking for a Writing Time Tracker
Can you claim postage as an expense in the US if it's for a non-paying market?
Is there any chance a medieval princess can join the army? If so, how will she be treated amongst the men?
Would I use a capitalization for vampire?
How do I write thought battles?
How old do you have to be to Self-Publish?
I’m considering adding a flashback to my script. Are they so bad?
How to write a diary and maintain it at a regular basis?
How to fill up novels in the series after the first one?
How do I transition from a day to another smoothly in a short story that takes place over of seven straight days?
Less offensive words for 'sh*t' and 'f**k'?
How to make a deceitful trainwreck of a character likeable
Writing a narrator with a different character to the author
How to talk about certain anatomy without sounding vulgar or cowardly?
How would a mature teenager behave?
How are different writing styles/voices possible?
Writing flashbacks in novels
What is the name of the service or job title for typing handwritten manuscripts?
Help with writing a fantasy country?
Collaborative Online Markdown Editor, any suggestion?
Find error in this sentence
What's the name of this gesture?
Is there a term that describes a written work that includes narrative in addition to scientific and historical information?
How to do political humor
Trudy said - or - said Trudy?
When Choosing Labels/titles for Characters instead of their names
English sentence in which words are lexicographically ordered
How to describe a scene from imagination?
Should I be leary of "How To" books?
Advertisements for The Economist: what do they mean?
What are good words to refer to the condition of objects?
Legal snags publishing a short story with one publisher, extended story with another publisher?
Idioms in historical fiction?
Is it annoying if you write a character getting in trouble often, even if it's not their fault?
How to describe the concept of 'humanity' when dealing with non-human characters
Using internal monologue for more than one or two characters
Should I make my character suspect an upcoming twist or not?
What's the best way to add a break in conversation?
Where does the question mark go in Harvard Referencing when quoting a question with a citation at the end of a sentence (not itself a question)?
Is writing "Bad practice"-notes in tech guides bad style?
Smuggling my character out of the country
How can I get my style to feel more mature?
How firmly must I remain in my characters POV?
Can I use a scientific theory for my story?
Can justifying "boobplate" armor in the fantasy genre damage its credibility as a serious setting?
Introduce new English dialect
How does a person go about describing a place/experience that they never personally experienced before, like a circus?
Are there tools that can aid an author in writing a branching storyline?
Using Myers–Briggs as a guide for character development?
How do I remove Nikkud (vowel marks) from a Word 2016 document?
How to increase my readers base for my blog?
How to remove generalizations from a sentence?
Examples of authors/novels that were planned or written on the fly
How to write a reminder on the day before a meeting?
Can I place a fictional neighborhood in a real city?
How to avoid repetition of phrases and words, and how to ensure work is grammatically sound?
Publishing fiction: when do I start looking for an agent?
Points to keep in mind while writing a romantic novel
How many pages make a chapter in a chapter book?
Do too many scenes exhaust the reader?
Is an unseen character in phone call (V.O.) or (O.S.)?
In first person narrative, is it acceptable to end rhetorical questions with a period?
To read or not to read similar works before write my own?
Using two-syllable words
At what point does a POV character noting their surroundings go from showing/telling to an infodump?
Should I use the real name or attempt to describe?
What will be the copyright situation if I self-publish an anthology of my unpublished short stories?
Is show not tell less useful advice in first person
How can a main character learn about a secret event that will take place?
What would a reader like to know about a character first?
Which is the correct way to punctuate this dialogue with ellipses?
My readers are losing interest halfway through. What is a list of possible remedies?
What’s the longest a screenplay can be at the midpoint?
How can you explain Scenery?
How do you communicate to people that writing is a job and prevent interruptions?
How to Paraphrase a narration which is written by a first person perspective
Is posting a work in progress novel online considered previously published by big publishers?
How to open a new year's letter to customers?
How do you know when to give up on a writing project?
Can tables describing data go into the materials and methods section?
What is the correct way to write dialogue?
What are typical response rates to non-fiction queries?
Capitalization after use of colon?
How to simplify a sentence so that a younger audience can understand it?
Proper forms of address for elderly Russian
How to get past the cringe factor of reviewing my earliest writing attempts?
Will a publisher look at a first time writer with a first part of a trilogy not stand alone?
How do you use adverbs properly in fiction writing?
Is "Publishable" 1st Book Word Count still 75,000-125,000?
First person plural for charisma?
What tips would you give to someone about to write a stage play?
Is discovering memories are false, a plot twist that invalidates my story so far?
How to come up with good titles?
How to perpetuate the plot-driving riddle without frustrating the reader?
Where to find examples of real life situations and counter-arguments to support your arguments in an essay?
Inside your character's head - when does it become too much?
What Genre Category for a Semi-Fictional Memoir?
How do I format inline quotations for a news story?
Using software with my writing?
How to show a flashback in a screenplay?
Recommendations for short film script
How would I cite a statistical report put out by a company in MLA?
Is it legal for my book title to be similar to another book's title?
Blog Timeline for mini stories
If magazine submission guidelines say nothing, are they expecting Standard Manuscript Format?
Two magical realities, ours isn't one of them. How do I stop my readers from getting confused?
How can we make reviewing HTML documentation easier?
Compile manuscript with image references on own page after first reference?
How to write dates shown on screen
How should I introduce multiple characters without it being repetitive?
Where can I find online resources about writing a visual novel?
Is it too long for each chapter of a 12-15 chapter novel to be around 10k words in length?
Where should I put my tl;dr?
Writing accomplishments on a resume
Is it okay to use “Off This—“ in a spec script?
Traits of Bad Writers - Analysing Popular Authors
How do you handle violence in a story with a female as the main villian?
Are there any differences between writing a movie script and writing a tv series script?
How do I write and describe a room full of panic?
Does Amazon have a problem with your book being cheaper else where via a coupon?
Can I use freewriting for fiction writing?
Length as action
What is the best description for this particular kind of building (and apartment arrangement - Central European style of building)?
Formatting of Text in Technical Writing (Procedure Writing)
What's the least distracting method to inform editors I'm a woman?
How much does style contribute to the overall value of a novel?
How do I write an action scene?
How do I show dust/ ashes being blown away by the wind in a story?
Autobiography and lawsuits
Is the "what" more important than the "how"?
Where can I find resources about writing "Choose your own adventure"-style books?
Is it acceptable to use synonyms to achieve rhythm?
Can I use characters from other books if it's obvious that they aren't my characters?
Details: How do you describe a character's clothing in a story?
Things To Remember When Writing Harem Stories?
How to describe a female character's figure without comedy?
How can I learn subtlety?
Is it a good idea to have a manifesto for my series, and where should it go
Is it okay to use "fell" in one sentence, and "fall" in the next sentence?
What constitutes a 'hook?'
How to communicate character desire?
Is excerpts from an in-universe book, presented between chapters, a good way of handling exposition?
Other than trademarked names, should recipe ingredients in a cookbook be capitalized?
Can I split a long scene up by switching the camera from one arguing couple to a different couple?
Is there a word or a sets of words that describe a persons beautiful dead face?
Is inner monologue a bad way to show character traits?
What are the things that only Stories can do?
I'm writing a thesis/novel. What should I pay attention to on a possible research trip?
A mix of the Medieval Age and the 21st century period
MLA 8 and Date Accessed - not required, but still preferable?
Citing Pseudonym/Handle as Author: MLA 8
Writing dialogue
Would it be cheating to change the main character's "name" partway through the story?
How to write recommendation documentation?
Describing a psychological concept like Stockholm Syndrome in a non-Earth setting?
Should the narrator use pseudonyms in writing?
How do big creative writing projects with multiple people work, preferably in the videogame industry?
How to describe an everyday routine?
How does web page writing differ from blog and article writing?
How can a "rip-off" still be good?
Printing a book in word - double sided, multiple pages on one sheet
Can I keep my characters in my book or should I just give up with them?
How to derive a storyline from a beginning?
Still struggling with character desire, positive vs. negative, hooking readers
Do you have to write in the tone of ordinary speech?
Descriptive words to slow down the pace of the story?
Is it a bad idea to have multiple bad endings and only one good ending?
Should important events that happen a long time before the rest of the story be in a prologue or in chapter 1?
Writing what my family may not want to read
How can I introduce languages that will be spoken in the long term?
How do I have to refer to a person of a specific racial group?
How do I include a powerful theme in my story without making it blatantly obvious?
Is it ok to begin a new chapter with a completely new character/time/setting?
How do you mix dialogue with actions of a character?
Is it okay to publish a fan-fiction book from a TV series?
What is the difference between limited third-person narrative and free indirect discourse?
Submitting things I post on my blog for publication
Should software product release notes be in marketing voice or technical voice? (software documentation)
How to get my book taken seriously as a teenager?
How do I spot an unintentional promise in my story?
Referencing Legal Briefs in APA style
Is it better to use "firstnamelastname.com" for a portfolio site, or something unique?
How to handle a massive info dump post-ending?
How should I document a product release with an inherently flawed design?
How to write long extracts in a foreign language?
Should the documentation of a known issue change dependent on the stability of a product release?
How can I make a case for toning down the "rah rah" marketing tone around technical content?
How Do You Find a Literary Agent?
Is it okay to include world-building facts by "telling" instead of "showing"?
How to *show* a controversial reality without seeming like I'm treating it as acceptable and without making it explicit that this is wrong?
Guidance on pacing the introduction of new characters
If I am writing from the first-person perspective of a non-English speaker in first person, what should I do?
Silly question about character creation
Is it necessary to use chapters for fiction?
Knowing when to disobey the advice of grammar software
Issue of tense and breaking the fourth wall/meta
Character crisis for a Science Hero?
How to make the murder's identity less obvious, or make the obviousness not matter?
How can I understand characters whose worldview is alien to my own?
Realistic way to ensure letter is posted in 10+ years time
What's a shorter way of saying, "If you had asked me, I would have said, 'I suppose'"?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to leaving the narrator unnamed?
What is meant by the statement mentioned below?
Converting/rewriting present tense narratives to past tense gracefully. Not a question about verb conjugation
Character who always thinks aloud like a narrator
Resources for improving storytelling
Which free text analysis tools do authors use?
Coincidence of Similarity in Writing
How To Settle On An Ending?
Flashback vs long past tense exposition vs multiple frames of reference in the same scene
Presenting unrelated or vaguely-related stories in a setting in backwards chronological order by epoch?
How can I make a "meeting in VR" less dumb?
Is there any way to get around having everyone in the world speak the same language?
Is there a way to explain how a character said a word sarcastically without dialog tags?
Describing body language?
How to quote something somebody was told by someone else? (Third-party, hearsay)
Term for when you split a quote to say 'said so and so' in Journalism and Reporting?
Prepare for more after the "ending"?
Is there a dialog tag for when someone is saying something in awe?
What is the difference between "accurate" information in a document and "believable" information?
What is the best way to collect comments on a draft document that is out for review by stakeholders?
How can I ensure that my documentation is understandable both for native and non-native speakers?
Why do many manuals and technical documents seem to prefer passive voice?
Instruction manuals: should the end-user be addressed directly (passive vs imperative)?
Is markdown a good choice for large-scale, web-based software developer documentation?
What strategies are there to document data lineage and keep it updated with a minimum amount of maintenance?
Have there been any studies indicating which software documentation practices save the most time during onboarding?
Are UML component diagrams helpful to non-technical users?
How do I maintain effective documentation for different audiences while avoiding duplication?
When documenting Python, when should I use docstrings and when should I use comments?
Is it better to repeat steps listed elsewhere in a manual, or to refer the reader to where the steps are listed elsewhere in the manual?
Our team needs to automate many routine tasks. Can we use a single tool or do we need to use multiple ones?
How do you explain the details of something technical to a non-technical audience?
What advantages are there to having a project-specific website for documentation?
Are there valid reasons to write Java Annotation (or .NET XML Documentation) for private methods?
What is the status of Sandcastle and are there alternatives?
How to effectively document a product composed of complex microservices?
Should IKEA assembly instructions be used as positive examples to train technical writers?
Problems with getting meaningful and actionable feedback from readers
How much humour is effective in technical documentation?
Does DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) Apply to Documentation?
Linking documentation to Git commit comments
How to handle bad source texts in technical translation?
To what extent should domain terms be capitalized?
What are standard techniques that indicate to the documentation reader that they are to substitute their own appropriate text (e.g. username, domain)?
Bridging the gap between colloquial usage and technical meaning of terms
Terminology question - "if-else" or "if/else"?
Alternatives better to the binary "0b..." format?
How to make documentation accessible to vision-impaired audiences?
Limitations of automatic documentation
How to Document Systems with Different Versions?
Should technical writers illustrate their own documents?
What are the benefits of including complete working code samples in documentation
Can "numbers" be good doc performance metrics? Is there a way to meaningfully interpret the quantitative user data we gather?
Where would I specify which user is required to run an administration command?
Should beta functionality be mentioned in a training manual?
How do you write a Stack Exchange answer?
Is there any screenplay which is widely considered by screenwriters to be perfectly written?
Can I quote dictionary definitions without permission/attribution in a fiction novel?
Series tracking
Is it acceptable to have the theme of a story remain hidden to its characters?
Words we may believe are neutral yet have restricted connotations
How to Describe a Comminuted Fracture?
Can I quote an infamous line from a satire written in the 18th century in my novel?
I don't understand this synthesis and transformation question
Am I describing a zombie?
How can I make the fight between 3 big cat moms believable?
How to use word frequency data?
What are the standard genre characteristics of contemporary women's fantasy
Is there a tool for determining the number of on in a word for the purpose of writing haiku?
How do you avoid smiling, head-bobbing characters?
Can your narrator talk to the reader of the novel?
Documented examples of audience dissatisfaction and disengagement?
How to write a 'fish out of water' character?
Sorkin: "Dialog is music" - In what way(s)?
How to evoke wonder in the reader, when there isn't an incredulous character?
Search and replace words across whole project?
What would be an effective way to narrate this story?
Character, plot, and setting conflicts
Should I capitalise the first letter of a title that an unnamed character has?
How to write a character who recently gained emotions
How similar can something be before an idea is *stolen*?
Where to go to get my story critiqued?
Way to write an unnamed character?
How much "showing, not telling" is the best for character development?
Should I repeat character descriptions if a character reappears the second time too far into the story?
How to balance respecting diversity and avoiding tokenism at the same time
Best alternate sentence for 'Please let me know if any questions/comments'
Writing diversity
The effect of different "narrative voices" in the same novel
Using colloquialisms the reader may not be familiar with
Fees questions around self publishing ebook over Kindle
Payment questions around joint publishing ebook over Kindle
Is there a limit to the amount of books to a child?
Stories with multiple possible interpretations: do you plan for it?
Are there tools/software for planning your story using nested mindmaps and references to characters?
How do you drop a reader in the middle of nowhere at the beginning of a story?
What is the spectrum of 'disasters' in 'scene-sequel?"
How do I translate into a gendered language where the gender would be a spoiler?
Problem writing on a keyboard properly
Where can I publish a longer short story (9000 words)?
What is a good "to be" verb substitute in this scenario?
Using a pronoun outside of quotations to refer to a person mentioned in quotations who hasn't been introduced yet
Can I use my legal name as the protagonist if I'm pitching my book to traditional publishers under a pen name?
How to invest readers in a story that (initially) has no clear direction?
How do I label a graphic novel series?
Is there still a market for solo adventures game books?
How do you write an attack scene for a story using the technique "Show, don't tell"?
How can one character narrate past events to another character?
How to show a character being bored for multiple chapters without boring the reader
How to reference software programs in a dissertation?
Is there a way that I can make my story interesting without writing too many words by using a strong ending or climax?
Copyrighting illustrations I paid to have created
Introduce a character and forget about them until the last chapter?
Question mark in use with colon
Is it considered trademark infringement to use the name of a real business in a novel?
Screenplay vs Novel
What is the correct way to print song lyrics on a gravestone?
Can someone tell me the source of this story diagram image?
How long should it take to Revise/Edit to get to Good Enough?
Attracting Writers for Crowdsourced News App
Is shaking of the head positive or negative?
Info for use of Wikipedia articles
Is it necessary to always write a prefix to indicate a Part Number in technical writing?
Are there any guidelines for writing a fiction story in a non-fiction style?
How specific should descriptions of settings/appearances be?
What is the rule for commas?
How can I write a street-smart character?
What is the difference between literature and review study?
What should I include (and not include) on a book's website?
Is it discouraged to format a list of items vertically?
How to construct a beat to make an effective treatment for the purposes of revision & group revisions of a Novel?
Self education over college to become an author... connections?
How to get opinion freelance articles accepted?
What should I do when I am stuck on names during freewriting?
Structure for software documentation: long vs short pages
No Contractions
Creating a flawed but not unlikable character
Would George Orwell get hired in today's expert climate?
What's the best way to write (or rewrite) a math book?
How do I program a game for an ereader?
Dialogue alternatives questions
What is the best way to take a theorem from another paper?
How can I make sure a major twist is not disappointing?
How do I make my protagonist more relatable?
Resources to find editors of magazines and newspapers?
Does my protagonist *have* to succeed?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to changing the POV in the second and third books of a trilogy?
How to avoid pages of dialogue?
What type of character should I write about first in a potential series of books?
How many people who participate here on Writing SE have become successful authors?
How do you do "beta reading" for a game before the game is ready?
Listing character traits
How do I get my readers through the early, "hardship" part of my fiction?
Is it a deus ex machina if the alternative is illogical?
How unadvisable is it to flip the protagonist into a villain?
Is it a good idea to make the protagonist unlikable while making the supporting characters more likable?
Sympathetic Racist
Handling Dependencies in Essays
How do you make the reader root for the protagonist when the primary antagonist is more relatable and more likable?
Intentionally lying to the reader
Intentionally writing a Deus Ex Machina?
A question on the ambiguity of the Alternate History genre
Number of syllables per line of The Raven by Edgar Allan Poe
Intentionally leaving out a part of the story, for a more interesting reveal?
How do you tell a character's backstory without explicitly telling it?
Where's the middle ground between genre conventions and originality?
Can reading Franz Kafka help uninspired comedians?
Is First person perspective more intimate than Third person perspective?
How Much Focus to Give a Supporting Character?
When a newspaper references itself?
Is there a way to license fictional characters, settings, ideas, et cetera?
Pretty flowers with clunky Latin names
The Rainbow Dream
How do I express that others and I were unable to find literature about a topic?
What's a dramatic way of dressing the following scenario?
Ramifications of using real public people as characters in fiction?
"Real people don't make good fictional characters". Really true?
good Wordpress theme for blogged book?
Epigraph placement
Having more than one plot twist?
Writing an "honest" Blurb?
How to avoid using "he/she/it" repetitively in action
When naming a character, is thematic naming or realistic naming more important?
What are ways to shade the narrator in alternating chapters of dual POV?
When we start a book from the climax (from the middle of the chapter), what is it called?
What language should I write my programming blog post in?
How to write without the need for filtering and wordiness?
Multi-threaded combat, how to ensure that it's not confusing?
What reason would there be for the heros to not let the benevolent superhuman entitiy handle the Big Problems?
What pronoun should a hermaphrodite species use?
Giving a character a name that is based on his storyline
How to prevent turning off the reader at first with a protagonist with unlikeable traits but that becomes better later on?
Where can I find resources for bedtime story plots?
Do memoirs need to cite sources?
Third person into first person as the protagonist becomes the same entity as the narrator
How to best pace information reveals to the reader
What is thebarefootwriter.com?
Is it okay if I wrote a story based on true historical events?
What journals publish surreal fiction?
Do former names of companies go in quotation marks or in italics?
Is it better to avoid names with a difficult pronunciation in Middle Grade fiction?
How to get valuable feedback on the quality of my storytelling?
How to avoid slipping into the wrong tense?
How do I write LGBT characters without looking like I'm trying to be politically correct?
Where to capitalize, italicize, or use quotes when describing the Latin parts that make up a word?
How to get started as a freelancer?
Accidentally named fictional characters after a famous person
How should I respond to a supervisor/editor who thinks my technical writing is "too conversational?"
What character names can I use for new heroes that are not copyrighted?
What are the best methods to keep your ideas in order?
Is there a tactful way to give advice to a writer who needs it, but doesn't think so?
Can I use the name Valerian in my sci-fi novel?
Art of writing poems?
Software to draw plot structure charts
What's next when it comes to poems?
Dialog problems with a character with only one name?
Role of Audience in poetry
I feel like I'm plagiarizing my story?
Creative license to invent a sibling to a historical figure?
Difference in writing style for first person
Is Having Two Titles Bad Style?
Putting code examples in BSC thesis
Should I write scared?
How do you assess the value of an individual scene?
What are some clear differences in theme/story between children's, middle grade, and young adult fantasy?
Dialogue Writing and Word Repetition
CREDIT: Doctoral student helping his mentor/professor write a book
Can I make a character make a philosophic observation or say their opinion, even if it's unnecessary for the plot/story?
Are there any restrictions about the use of non-copyrighted characters or plots?
What is the secret of writing a fascinating and eye catching blog post?
How to describe 4 main characters at once without overloading the reader with information?
Am I changing POVs if I'm describing what two or more characters are sensing (touch, smell, sound, etc.)?
How to describe a character with changing features?
How should I present the original paper I am recreating when writing the methodology chapter of my Thesis?
Would there be any legal repercussions for naming a protagonist after a celebrity?
If I'm writing in US English, am I not allowed to use the metric system?
Explain something being written out
How to break up dialog if some of the dialog is not in quotes?
Indent dialogue to make text look less blocky
Properly punctuate a quote
Writing a Super Intelligent AI
When should you convert a measurement in a local translation of a novel?
Can you write new star wars legends books?
How do I write in English if it's not native for me?
How to design a skill system for a litRPG book?
How do I come up with a powerful Name?
In a script - Is it ok to have a general description of a character “YOUNG MAN”, then the actual description?
Leaving out names/pronouns to speed up the flow of a script?
If I quote part of an article that itself contains a quote, what do I cite?
Should I need to add Face Description of all Characters?
Does my constantly sad character make a terrible main character?
Is it acceptable to break the story up into POVs to show how the characters' stories all tie together?
Is it okay to switch protagonists between books, if the main protagonist is a hidden "actor"?
Access methods for magic systems with a Higher Being as the source
Is it a bad idea to mix psychological horror with action?
How to collect thought which is in mind on paper into story
Does a report require a thesis?
Is blending a largely illustrated book like James Gurney's "Dinotopia" and a dramatic and more serious plot a bad idea?
Using questions in dialog to facilitate exposition
What is the correct way to use semicolons vs. commas vs. em dashes?
What is the difference between memo writing and business letter writing?
Is this line in a song/poem grammatically correct: "But oh how the love, it still wrecks me every time."?
Can I add quotes from other authors in my book?
Can I do small changes after the copyright of a novel?
Can a writer joke with the reader without breaking the fourth wall?
Is Rob Zombie's Red Red Kroovy Trochee style?
For a musical script, how much stage direction in relation to dialogue should there be?
How long should a memoir be?
How to practice, or copy, a different writing style?
Should I defer introducing the name of the eponymous character/object?
British style guides from the early 20th century?
Moving away from a gender-based analysis
How do male and female writing styles differ?
What editor can I use for world building that has a tree-like structure for my files?
Where can I find resources about writing a litRPG book?
Working with hints/clues - Show vs Tell vs Nothing -ish
How do I find logical errors in my novel?
Should creativity or eloquence in a technical document be removed during review?
Can you help us read this handwriting from a leather wallet?
What are some tropes associated with social acceptance or rejection of infants with supernatural abilities?
Can religions like Islam or Hinduism be represented respectfully in a fictionalized/fantastical Earth?
What can motivate people to write and share their personal stories?
Books or resources on writing fluidly?
Why do readers enjoy reading about "bad" or evil characters?
Is There a Legal Age to Publish a Manga/Comic?
"Calm" vs Adventurous Main Protagonist
Do I violate copyright when I write about historical figures?
What's the term used to describe a twist which is badly written because the twist is based on information not yet available to audience?
How to prevent seeming like a Marty Stu-ish villain is cheating?
Technical review process when using FrameMaker
How can I write a review?
Is it necessary to write only stories on Wattpad
How to link two sentences?
Can I use LaTeX in a fictional code-weaving?
How to confidently attract the other party to your side?
Is there a software for story writing with detailed character files and an interactive timeline? (other then aeon timeline and scrivener)
What are the limits to description in story writing? How do I know if I have crossed them?
How to explain leaving your body
Is it ok to reference names of real world people?
I am writing about examples of contemporary stereotyping of Native Americans, but what are more contemporary examples in movies and shows?
How to write a sentence with expression, tone, emphasis, and more in the same line
How to incorporate figurative language into a simple statement
Dead parents: something to avoid?
A question about Past Participle vs Simple Past in a novel
How do I write that years have passed in my story?
How do you handle editors who materially change your writing after publication?
How to improve a "dry" scientific review article?
Finding a cause when you already have the effect?
Should I describe a person or a room first?
Multiple ways to emphasise words
Which is the best place to write a diary?
A novel in which the only dialogue is internal?
How to deal with a rape scene: what can/should you do?
How to manage getting depressed by what my main character goes through?
Steps for writing a coherent letter ("Brief") in german?
Using a known personality model identifier in my fictional writing? Is it legal/frowned upon?
Referencing a blog post in text?
How can you make "evil vs evil" interesting?
Describe illustrated characters?
Where can I find examples of the formatting/terminolgy/slang used in describing snowboarding routines in a competition scene?
No time to deal with emotional trauma
How are descriptions and character thoughts handled in a screenplay (versus a novel)
I am searching for a word/name that fits a person that has the ability to swap bodies with another human
Which authors' style would be more appropriate for me to write in?
When a publisher buys the copyright for my books, does that include the pen name I used?
Help with my story - elements of a scene
Besides books, what other sources can be used to gain knowledge?
How to relate stormy weather to sadness?
How do I write a deep conversation scene?
How to write a telephone conversation in a novel?
How to write two seemingly different characters that are actually the same person?
How are suspected persons referred to in news articles?
How to write a discussion amongst 5 people while narrating a novel as first person singular?
What is the most fundamental advice when it comes to writing?
What happens when you translate a quotation?
Slow buildup vs sudden introduction
How can I determine genre and target audience for my memoir/novel?
Where can I find good writers in a specific field for a particular English dialect?
How can I determine good comparative titles to include in my query letter?
Tools for organising anthologies
Do I have to show my characters making up after an argument, or can it be implied when we see them on good terms again?
How to combine 3 sentences into one?
Describing something that doesn't exist
Does the degree of immersion in the character alter the extremity of plot points used?
Why is young adult romance now being written primarily in the first person?
Trying to figure out the correct type punctuation for dialogues
How do I write an apology scene?
Is there a term for 'The Secret Garden' and similar works?
Do I need to have a degree to become a writer?
Who translates made-up words from popular fiction into other languages?
How to plan a short story for a given word count?
Is it possible for "weakness" to be a "virtue" in context?
Is there a place to publish my stories to share it?
Why would a translator leave comments all over the translation?
Do writers copy other writers?
How can I convey an absolute truth from the author to the reader without a mentor character?
How do you stop capitalizing the first two letters on Scrivener?
In which cases do paragraphs require a concluding sentence?
Likeable characters with deplorable professions?
How to describe sound?
How do I make a concluding sentence flow from the previous sentence?
How acceptable is "alternate history" in writing (nowadays)?
How do I make "foreshadowing" more relevant in the early going?
How much can the supporting sentences deviate from the topic sentence before introducing a second paragraph becomes a better option?
Any software for video game non-linear story design?
How do experienced writers introduce the topic sentence halfway or near the end of the paragraph?
What is the most effective way to transition from one paragraph to the next?
How do you keep a villainous character from being offensive to a particular group?
Should foreshadowing be close to the main event?
When is 'enough', enough?
Do I need to repeat character descriptions of main characters from one book to the next?
Foregone conclusion of novel's first part
Should I copyright my material before sending to my publisher?
What is the role of "flashback" in my novel?
Clarifying English Writing Conventions
How to express Nihilism without explicitly stating it?
How to describe panel layouts in a script for a comic book?
How to balance between dialogue & character building and action scenes?
How to depict writing from a different time period?
Confusion about usage of present tense vs past tense vs mixed
What are the signs of accidental self insertion?
How do you verify information?
Referencing modern pop culture in science fiction
How can I hide a second narrative within my story? (using time travel)
How to include a list of terms (glossary) in a scholarly paper (IEEE format)?
Would a character displaying the opposite of one of their characteristics break immersion?
The genre of a book based on author's real life
How to quote a book in my novel?
I'm trying out a new style. How can I find out if it is my element?
How to make side-characters look competent next to the chosen one?
How to avoid writing irritating fan fictions?
What are methods to refer to something that happened but did not make it onto the page?
What are the copyright laws and permission requirements for a teacher using a student's work as an example?
Is it okay to write a story where the protagonist is a Terrorist?
How to write a PG13 Succubus character?
How to open a novel?
How to derive a first sentence from a story?
How many points are sufficient for my essay?
Why is character lifetime proportional to character development so often?
Where can I find people to collaborate with to edit/sell my work?
What is the opposite of self-publishing?
Does CreateSpace (Print-On-Demand) print and ship books to the customer, or do I need to do that?
I am overplotting my story - how can I figure out what is necessary and cut out what isn't?
What does the death of a fictional character mean?
Convergent, parallel plotlines okay?
Are readers tolerant of unique and bizarre character Names?
How do I start writing?
Diversity conflicting with authenticity
How Many Tropes Are Allowed In a Short Story?
How to execute a change of the POV in a first person novel POV?
How do I convey that a relationship is platonic?
Can I self-publish a paperback through Amazon KDP, but make the e-book available elsewhere?
How to write a good cover letter?
What are techniques for romantic subtext in a first-person novel?
How to fill in the outline for "book 2" of my series?
Hate to love, love to hate
Can I retell a popular manga series as a novel and query it to an agent?
How Can You Use "In Medias Res" To Beautify Your Amazing Masterpiece?
I feel suddenly disconnected from my writing. Time for a break?
How to make the villain's motives understandable if his logic is flawed?
How to make the reader think that the *character's* logic is flawed instead of the author's?
What is the "Proposal" Part of a Query Letter?
Can I change tenses in my first person YA novel?
Is there a name for a narrative that involves parallel exposition of the characters' backstories?
Do my characters need to have different mannerisms in order to be perceived as different?
Is there a term for a narrative where you are speaking to the reader?
How to write about pouring water?
How do I handle English speaking where the language used isn't English but is translated in it?
Can I use "I" in an essay?
What is "Buying Back My Book"?
How can I improve my sentence construction or flow in general writing?
How to know if the story is going too fast?
Can I include Acknowledgement page in a novel?
How to write about characters and places you aren't personally familiar with?
Would it confuse my readers to give two siblings nicknames that can be abbreviations of the same name?
How should I phrase this sentence better?
How to link two sentences properly?
How to write a Complete Monster?
How to get published at a young age?
How to introduce the content of my essay (for IELTS) to my reader?
Who has laid down the English poetry rules?
How many book pages would 891 words be?
Should structuring an academic text with the help of questions be avoided?
The psychology of finishing a piece of fiction
How much can I trust my players to remember previous states of the story and not get confused?
What's the name of the trope that means fae can't cross over unless a human crosses over first?
What is the name of the technique where quotation marks are not closed but reopened to indicate a break in speech
Is there an alternative to using signposts or questions in essays?
Does visualization form intuitions, or do intuitions lead to visualization?
How to get readers to care about a dead character?
How to make a funny and egotistical character that doesn't annoy the audience
In a "Gatsby" type story, how does a narrator relate what he doesn't get to see?
How to add depth to writing - turn a story into a book
Antagonist lacks motivation - where do I find it?
My life story is in first person, does it have to have dialogue?
How do you deal with Chapter 2 when Chapter 1 is a volcano opening?
What new plots are available to writers?
Do I need a star's permission to write a fiction TV series inspired but not exactly as his life?
Alternative sources of drama/tension when the setting is low-violence
Alternative publishers like Dover
Scrivener 3 capitalization issue with dialogue tags
Dialogue from a distance
How do I write alternate history?
When does something become "torture porn"?
How to refer to a character who doesn't know her name?
MLA-8: How to cite information with multiple sources
If a software project has a permissive open source license is it plagarism to copy text to a paper without attribution?
How can I write in a way that makes the book very interesting to read?
What are alternatives to "is that" as in "[something] is that [something]"?
What is a term for groups of stanzas within a poem?
Basic fails to look out for when writing the drama: What can we learn from soap operas
Where do I start with C++ documentation?
Establishing trust with a Shapeshifter
How do I reveal multiple timelines to the reader?
How can I make my 'first draft' good enough to be published?
I need a one-line description for a Christian horror novel I'm writing
Taxes and self-publication from other countries
Are tweets copyrighted?
Ongoings in a character's mind
What is the base on which movies writers integrate typical characters into a plot?
Gameplay clashing with story?
How can I distance myself from an article published under my name, with edits I disagree with?
Cite a book in general and then a chapter in particular
Using terms for clarity in first person
What liberties can I take with the monarchies in my own world?
Dealing with Amazon Kindle where clueless behavior has been consistent
Do Short Stories Need Definitive Endings?
Growing Up Oblivious and Magic
How can I draft a reminder email when I'm not sure if the agreement is still valid and still have it formal?
Pitching an RPG to a publisher: what to bring and how to safeguard the work
Scene switching and how to do it?
How to differentiate narration and thoughts in the first person POV?
Plotting a Compelling Story
How to make the villain relatable/human without making the hero seem like a monster for killing him?
How do you make random chance/happenstance not seem like deus ex machina?
Dialogue from a distance?
The psychology of starting a piece of writing
Sizing of a chapter and how many should I use?
How to refer to characters in a non-repetitive way in the third person?
Characters that take on a life of their own
Breaking up a talky piece of writing
Need a bit of verse in my prose
Thoroughly Despicable Characters
What are the Pros and Cons of long names?
Positive Transformation in the Arc of a Story
Ideas for a twist or plot point involving adopted character's parents
How do you write a story about a team?
Can I copy an existing magic system?
Fiction writing or creative writing?
The importance of a premise sentence or two premise sentences
Should a table of contents be followed by a pagebreak
Writing a novel for a charitable cause for free?
Do writers write philosophical essays?
How to express uncontrollable sadness
What would be the best way to make a vampire story with a bit of romance without it being crappy?
Do I have to capitalize ESP in sci fi fiction sentences?
Dealing with inability to sustain interest in an idea
Rewriting User Guides as Stories
Restarting a Novel
How do I cite a book that has been transcribed online in APA?
How to write a book about an amnesia patient properly?
Where do I start?
Can you have too many story arcs running at the same time?
Mixing humour with horror in fiction
How do I write about monsters in the 21st Century?
Case study headings
Why is the real historical value in novels rated so low in publishing?
Is there a definition for formatting plain text documents like they are on TLDP.org?
Is it possible to learn to write a paragraph?
Writing a Novel Set In The Future
How does one go about describing someone doing Naruto like hand symbols?
Disposable Characters
Article I wrote has been published under another name - should I raise this with the publisher?
How much indirection is too much?
Is it ok to reference something modern to give the reader a better idea of what something looks like if the book is set in the Middle Ages?
Arousing Emotion in Readers
How do I describe an accidental kiss between the two main characters that is romantic as well as regretful?
Strategies for returning to a piece of writing after a short break
I want to know if this opening is appropriate for my story or if this is confusing?
Is there too much imagery in the intro of this article?
Is it more important to provide representation, or to avoid following stereotypes?
Do readers not like a book if it's too dark and the characters almost never win?
Concentration whilst Writing
What would you say is the best way to get a self published book popularized without making a blog?
How to go from an opening idea to a complete plot?
Sensory Information Overload
How to organically and believably introduce the tools and skills necessary to survive after an apocalypse?
Are "non-readers" useful beta readers?
Creating a logical framework for the concept of "decisional causality"
Breaking the Fourth Wall in Creative Non-Fiction
Can I use the name of an already-existent band for my fictional one?
How can someone become a beta reader?
Is it important to research the topic of your novel/story before writing it?
Fiction Writing - has it all been done before?
Am I too young to publish a book?
How can you identify head-to-dictionary words?
Self Publishing vs Mainstream Publisher
Creative Non-Fiction - Writing without Plot, Story, Characters, or Ending
Will traditional publishers force you to remove brands?
Brands to use, brands not to use
Fantasy novel with obvious - but never defined - sci-fi elements?
Writer's Block Help
Cutting down story length without leaving out locations
Sending an email to follow up with the client about a project deadline
Editing tools on the go
What software can I use to synchronize corrections and modifications over similar documents?
Is there such a thing as using too Many "I's" in a first person novel?
Should I take breaks, or focus harder?
Should I focus on ideas which the market enjoys, or ideas which I enjoy?
On copyright infringement and plagiarism
How can I help a friend self-publish an incorrect scientific paper?
What makes for a successful resurrection?
Is it acceptable to use words like "heaven" and "god" when the narrator is agnostic?
Writing a character who is an expert in something that I can't know
Mixing prose with character dialogue rhymes - childrens book
How do I structure branching-narrative choice prompts for limited 3rd-person?
Describing slices of a tedious eternity without becoming tedious
'for example' and 'e.g.' in a thesis
Technique for naming a device used to transform objects
Writing a Satisfying Ending
Is it Ok to make up places if I want the reader to think it’s set in the real world?
What is the structure and important points to cover in a first chapter?
Can I assign actions to broad concepts?
how to access Android 7.1.1 libmedia.so
How often should I remind my readers of the setting?
Should I use a series of shots for this scene?
Transitioning from novel writing to screenwriting?
How to present an alternative without being negative about the other option?
How to revise your "setting bible"
Platforms other than Wattpad to post your work?
Avoiding Darkness-Induced Audience Apathy
Why would a novelist choose to use the present tense?
What is the best way to copyright my manuscript?
In a branching mystery, should branches be "self-correcting" or follow the impulse of the reader?
How does one include non-Latin-based script in an overall English work?
Is mild sexualization of minors allowed in writing?
How can you start writing multi-author collaborative book?
How to make a harmless villain
I have characters, no plot
Does everything have to be accurate?
How do I describe drugging?
How to write a story without conflict, like "My Neighbour Totoro"?
Writing a Good Travel Narrative
Death as person - A funny part of the story? Or serious stuff?
What should my redraft phase entail?
How to write an online screen name in dialogue?
How do I ratchet down expectations in a genre that seems to have gone gonzo?
How far I should describe an alien invader character that has similar appearance to human?
Are you allowed to make references to things like Jedi or The Walking Dead (those are just examples) or do you need permission?
How to control safety nets in discovery writing
Finding My Own Voice
How do I write a shriek?
In a business novel can characters read real books?
Writing a Likable Character Who is Mentally Unsound
What are the guidelines for writing a poem (or poetry) of witness?
My views on the central theme of my book have changed - how do I bring in that nuance?
Who are some examples of recent famous self-published authors?
How do I know which elements I can use from the work which orginally inspired me?
Difference between Writing Song-Lyrics and Writing Poetry
As a journalist, how do I learn about impending legislation or executive orders?
Making a prolonged training montage work
Innovative Ways to Provide Background Information
Avoiding Slang whilst Writing
Is it "fair" to hide specific thoughts of a character?
What is the correct way to switch dialogue between two or more characters during a conversation without it being confusing for the reader?
Do I need to 'formalize' someone as a beta reader?
On what basis can existing writings be analyzed?
Writing Unequal Societies (Without Supporting Inequality)
How to Win Short-Fiction Writing Competitions
Using profanity
What is legal and illegal in writing?
Making an existential horror work without really showing it
Is there a format to write a good treasure hunt story?
What is the difference between method and algorithm?
How to describe something, that would normally be shown by facial expressions?
How to write a good birth scene?
If a character was murdered in the 1920s, would someone in 2018 find their bones?
Will the ending spoilt it if I keep my plot twists till the last chapters?
How to make a repeating plot "slice" not annoying
Is it possible to pass down the privilege for choosing articles from teachers to students for school magazine?
Mentioning quickly repeated events in first person?
Executing a tonal shift
How should one write a thesis statement for a paper with many points?
What sites are available for hosting Choose Your Own Adventure stories?
How to make characters more than the words on the page?
Dead as a point-of-view, how can you write first person narrative if that person is dead?
Can I assume readers will root for my protagonist in a man vs. beast story?
How to defeat a strategic mastermind without throwing the idiotball?
What are examples of self-published writers who successfully promoted their books through word-of-mouth only?
Making similies and metaphors work as intended
Who can advise me on how SWAT teams and commanders work?
How to hide a character's identity from the audience?
How to write dialogue for someone who is intelligent but barely speaks the language?
Shifting from Past tense to present tense
How can I make an unrelatable villain more compelling?
Describing an important emotional turmoil in the character's life I've never been through
Describing something I've never been through
Is my book too similar to Harry Potter?
Release for book of interviews
Why do most literature magazines take so long (several weeks or months) to respond to submissions despite having only a few hundred subs per month?
Best way to write chilling, short thriller/horror without getting gory in a natural setting?
Writing on the sides of Buildings
Too Many Goals?
Fear/reluctance of doing something terrible
How not to give up hope on Scrappy
Occupational Hazards to being a Full-Time Writer
"Too modern" words
Is it a flaw if a book is readable, flows well, and gets the point across, BUT you can tell that the author is a non-native?
Making conflicts based on misunderstanding
How to make a cat's perspective exciting?
When writing a novel set in Colombia, do you use Spanish for the dialogue?
First Chapters protocol
Do I need permission to name organizations in a non-fiction book?
How can you make an unrealistic setup as realistic as possible?
Researching Future Technology for a Science Fiction Novel
How to cite organization names in a grant proposal?
What is the stereotypical structure of a crime narrative?
How can I really drive home a character not being able to hold it together in the wake of repeated trauma?
Advice on Amazon Marketing Campaigns?
Colloquial speech in pre-modern setting
Static Scenes that still Move the Story Forward
What can a fight scene prove about characters?
Is writing big facts about a character's background good when first introducing them?
How do I write implied rape in my book?
Eliminating the Dash in Prose Writing
Is it important to describe every character of the storyline?
Researching an Apology Email
How to survive editing
To what extent can a first person narrative tell someone else's story?
How to pitch TV show with a 'hook' when have a complete bible and treatments?
What font is this
How to think of a good beginning?
How can one provide more clarity and still be concise?
Advice for a "Gift of Words"
Writing: Self made logical issue with time travel in a story
Are connotations with certain names inevitable?
Researching a hospital setting
What's the best way to implement a character arc?
How can I stop overusing "I" in my writing?
Is a parenthetical reference to a later part of the text redundant in non-fiction writing?
How to avoid repetition of rhymes in poetry, yet maintain the rhythm?
Is it true that stories get rejected simply because the stories are not appealing enough and not because of the quality of the writing?
Should I explain the consequences of the contributions in the contribution section?
The advantages and disadvantages of Fantasy-time
Should I list upcoming publications in a short story cover letter?
Writing a poem in secondary language that has rules for primary language
When is a lack of long, sophisticated words to describe an otherwise simple concept bad?
Repository of My Academic Writing - Which License to Use?
How to construct quality long sentences?
Preventing unintentional reading between the lines
How to make sure that my reader has not forgotten an incident or character which was described earlier and referenced much later in the writing?
How to address family members solely by relationship in dialogue?
Is it posssible to find a literary agent if I'm Egyptian but write in English?
How can I avoid using I repetitively in a resume/about me?
How do relationships build the main character or plot
How to write a good sex scene specifically for erotica?
Names already used
What ages should I market my book towards?
How to Write a Good Metaphor
What do you do when your message could be dangerous?
Accusing private figures of crime in print
How to describe something visual in preparation of said visual?
How do you show character reactions without making them do something physically that is unrealistic?
What could be done to generate and maintain reader interest in plots without a lot of conflict / tension?
How graphic should a grimdark fantasy setting be?
Is there a story structure for a non-traditional hero (an extreme introvert)?
Do I need to Cite Multiple Quotes From the Same Source Multiple Times (APA)?
Can I include a short biography of the person to whom my book is dedicated?
Are there any rules to follow about the narrator mixing past and present tense in writing?
How do I write the names of letters in a book?
When are single-use POVs a bad idea?
How do I know if a concept is sexist or not?
Where can I find information on how different genres are conventionally written?
Are there any stories with awkward first-time sex scenes between adults?
How much agency should main characters have in the plot?
Length of a Prologue
Is an unresolved conflict a detriment to publishing a novel?
How many characters are too many?
Archetype or Stereotype?
How to convey a concept without illustrations when submitting?
How much value do publishers and editors place on informative/educational content in fiction stories?
Number of People on a Team
How could I improve my article writing?
Online magazine signs contract for compensation, publishes piece, never pays - What to do?
How to construct a technical tutorial when the user can't verify the results after each step?
Are translated Basho poems copyrighted?
Capital letters in copy-written material
They must have dialogue each day, or, they must dialogue each day?
How does one add puns in another language?
How do Red Herrings work?
Writing a short story set in a place I’ve never been
How can I write about historical realities that readers mistakenly believe are unrealistic?
How can I make my anti-heroic protagonist more likable?
When can I kill my character?
How do I insert programming code snippets within Scrivener?
Dialogue in First Person Fiction (Detective Mystery)
Story seems to have a similar lore. What should I do about it?
The role of inexplicable events in hard science fiction
Should 'Oz' be in Quotation Marks if not Quoting Him? APA Format
Would a research team of this size be too small or too big?
How does a writer go about consulting experts?
The role of the supernatural in hard science fiction
How should I write dialogue for a teenager, in a historic setting?
How to avoid info dumps in fan fiction?
Is it permissible to use subconclusions for argumentative paragraphs if they contain multiple arguments in support of the main point?
MC’s emotional underpinning and grounding come from elder sister - her death would change him. Should she die?
In a book about political activism, can the author recommend illegal acts--or is that a crime, too?
How do I add a second POV to a book which already has one main character?
Is it considered lazy writing to have a dry prelude at the start of a book?
Can a mystery novel have more than one mystery in it? And does it have to be a "who dunnit" concept?
I have a retracted article for ethical misconduct, this means my career is over?
Is telling one of three convergent plot-line before moving to the next an acceptable alternative to interleaving them?
How can I defeat a 'force of nature villain' without killing him?
Good, authentic, not fake Poetry competitions
Topic-based authoring vs. Modular authoring
What techniques do you use to maintain your writing focus and maximise your productivity?
Are the most successful authors like Stephen King and Jk Rowling all trade-published?
How would I be mean to my character?
Can ‘Stupid’ Characters Make Plot Narratives Memorable?
Seeking Comp (Comparison) Titles for my Work-In-Progress
Difference between DITA and S1000D
Mentioning famous person in autobiography
Academic Writing: Paraphrasing few words when quoting
Confusion about scientific writing tenses
Alternatives to starting a sentence with well
What about pictures in a story book
Would this story be classified as Adventure or Religious Fiction?
Where can I find resources to look up Native American names?
Is my story too similar to an existing published work?
Is it true that "Any story can be great in the hands of the right storyteller"?
What is this hairstyle called?
Is there an official name for a wooden spiked wall?
Of plottwists and endings
Will it be disappointing for the reader to not know who the main character is until the end?
How to create a page turning effect if there is no suspense?
Do I have to keep saying “_____ thought,”after I put italics?
What software/techniques do people use to gather ideas?
Link to other Scapple files?
Comparing writing style and clarity of instructional language
How do you generally share your novels with the masses?
Are there any general rules or guidelines for using newly coined word(s) or neologism?
What should I keep in mind when reviewing and improving already published chapters?
Character motivations facing death?
Overcoming "Possibility Paralysis"?
How do I make it clear that someone is going through something, like Obito and not like someone pushed through something?
Should I be able to 'feel' my outline?
How can I make an in-universe random event feel like it was really random instead of just RNJesus' will?
Does dialogue need to be accurate to the setting?
How do you tell the reader that the setting is normal modern day?
How do I know, how to limit the details?
How to refer to a group having 3 men and 1 woman
How to decide between usage of a paragraph and a dialogue?
Do I stand to lose anything if I reprint an already published story on my own site?
Publication: What to do about a high wordcount debut novel?
Reporting Satterthwaite approximated degrees of freedom (APA 6ed)
How alien can my aliens be if I want them to demonstrate how alien a human character is?
The stages of writing - what are they?
How advisable is it to end a love story on a downer?
How can I establish my story's setting in the first chapter?
Anticlimactic ending as a surprise after climax?
How to write an introductory dialogue?
How long can a fantasy novel stay in metaphorical Kansas?
Will an explicit resemblance to an Actor put-off the readers disliking him?
How should I plan a life as a professional Writer/Author/Novelist?
Characterisation: How to make it evident that a character's flawed perspective is intentional?
Why is more than my copied link highlighted as a hyperlink when pasting content into scapple?
Can you cite a source in the introduction of your paper in MLA?
How to introduce a world previously unknown to the reader AND the protagonist?
How do I create dialog when the story is told in letters by the protagonist?
How to enter a self published book into Russian library
Third Person POV: What level of telling is acceptable for character motivation?
What can someone do who struggles to write in active voice?
What are various sites to publish erotica?
Series: How can I get my reader to not expect any one genre?
Characterisation: What lines can an antihero cross while retaining reader sympathy?
Are creative writers all granted implicit immunity from grammar rules?
Why do literary magazines insist on cover letters?
How do I add tension to a story, when the reader knows the MC survives?
How should I move the story forward with the support cast while hiding a plot twist regarding the MC from the reader?
What, exactly, is a character study?
First example of story told via dual timelines?
Are there narrative structures other than Kishōtenketsu and the three act structure and its derivatives?
Is it possible to use the word "it" too much?
Ordinary writing or Prose: how to make it immersive?
What would a FtM transman's, who was born in 1990, life be like?
How can I make a compelling character unlikable?
Genre: Deghettoising fantasy - is a high concept fantasy advisable, or a pipe dream?
From where is this poem?
Given how much self-promotion modern writers need to do, are Query Letters still worth writing?
'The Chosen One' paradox
Is there anything like Patreon for German authors?
Providing context without getting lost in Description
Dropping subtle hints about a character's sexuality
Are separate acknowledgements sections for co-authors odd?
In what order should I name characters?
Punctuation when using inline dialogue
Sentence rhythm
How to Write an Eldritch Abomination?
Foreign language dialogue in Middle Grade fiction
Writer's Website -- Feedback needed
What genre mixes History and Time Travel?
Horror story in a hospital: how to unsettle the reader?
How to get alternating page headers in Scrivener?
Are chapters with a single character inherently more difficult for an average reader to connect with? (And do you have any tips.)
Should I let my hero die with the villain?
Is there a term for a storytelling style where a passage is repeated with more and more detail?
Forum to Get Feedback on Queries
How to escape writers block
Writing a song as the hook
What if a concept on my story differs greatly from the common trope?
How do I fill time in my story?
Should I end my story with a happy or sad ending?
Is it bad if I sidetrack to a backstory that’s not really necessary but is interesting?
How long should a chapter be? Can it be too short or too long?
Is genre ever relevant to the writing process?
Writing part word
What should I do if I can't properly formulate the personality of one of my characters in my novel?
What is the best website to write or just simply put your feelings and publish it?
Druid girl learns necromancy
Colours of ultraviolet
Software for writing a book similar to Resnick-Halliday
How do I get reliable information on things I don't know anything about?
What should appear in the List of Acronyms?
How can I mention errors in the data that I received in my thesis? Where to mention it?
Are characters' internal thoughts written in past or present tense?
Translating worldbuilding into an interesting opening
What if my published short story is made a movie or a novel, without my permission?
What should I know to publsh a new paperback from KDP
I'm looking for advice on character development
How overcome the budget constraint while building a fiction writing career?
How can I make the plagiarism detector "Ithenticate" identify "θ-continuous" as a single word?
How to improve a scene where the drama is one-sided and not with the POV character?
When writing science fiction, how important is it to provide scientific details for the (fictitious) things you are presenting in the story?
Is it appropriate to use an emoticon in reminder email to a potential employer?
Futuristic world with old technology?
How do you make two characters fall in love?
Example screenplays on the web
Parentheses in scientific writing
What makes "thrilling" writing?
Respecting classic dramatic structure in a documentary
"Stealing" jokes
How do I indicate that my character is speaking a different language than the one used for narration?
What sorts of characters does a superhero team need?
Invoking Deliberate Values Dissonance
How to stop rushing writing
Does point of view matter drastically?
How to research publishers by subject
Will I be in trouble if I publish (on Amazon) my story mentioning my exboyfriend?
equation referencing in parentheses
Can i have two low points in a story?
How can I avoid repetition of "I", while keeping present tense in first person?
How do I create a custom dictionary in OpenOffice?
Post scriptum in my soft diary
Sensitivity with disorders/mental illnesses
Can dream reveals make good climaxes for a POV’s internal struggle?
I kinda want to completely annihilate the hero - what would speak against it?
How to give characters a unique voice
How to describe a mythological creature that English has no vocabulary for?
How do I finish my stories although I have both ideas and titles for them?
Describing a strong sexual attraction (on first sight)
What are some examples of an inciting incident that would force a character to go on a quest or adventure?
Establishing a social circle for a promiscuous character
How much time do you find you have to commit to daily writing to see results?
How to avoid becoming frustrated while writing
Are there any set rules to creating a story with audience participation?
Exposition: Talking Animals - How do I Reveal This to the Reader?
Can I state a fact in a first person story?
How to research sex for writing?
What do we mean by "Inevitable Narratives"?
How to convert a roleplay into a book?
How to make an email less "me" centric?
How to indicate that the source language is gender-neutral?
Proper handling of "sophisticated" English usage
How to write a good script?
Should an academic paper contain all text at the same structuring depth?
YA Literature - Violence
First draft Word count.
How to interpret a language from a non-speaker's perspective?
If one provides inspiration for a story that gets published, and is named, do you get royalties for that?
Which should come first, building my story or building my world?
How do I write transitions between thinking and speaking?
Whats the difference between inference and conclusion?
What's a better to say "made by me" on the bottom of my website?
organising complex networks
How do I differentiate between the "voices" of my characters in a multi-character POV?
How far apart can the dots be?
How do I design characters for an open-ended series?
When is it okay to say the word “now” in a past tense story?
How can I state what is written on a sign?
I feel like my book is too small and I’m kind of just throwing all my ideas out too quick. Does this mean filler might be necessary?
How can I get a technical writing job for software apps without a degree?
How to write dialogueless flashbacks?
How to sort out a confusing storyline?
Why are Americans obsessed with acronyms, abreviations and initials?
Ownership on slide presentation
Repetition of information in my multi-path / multi-play-through game - how to deal with it?
In literary fiction, when does allusion, pastiche or intertextuality cross over into plagiarism?
Meaning of 'Adapted by [another person's name]' written on book cover?
Should I avoid sex scenes / nudity in my horror game (or in general)?
Use of 'nigh' in fiction
Misdirection for suspense/plot twists - what's acceptable and what's dishonest?
I'm producing a play with a character who the audience isn't supposed to know is alive, can I credit the actor in the program?
Does a page-turner have to be continually high-octane?
How to use professional jargon when writing fiction?
How to write a corporate character that likes to toy around with his colleagues?
Will the publisher/agent tell me what to write?
Formatting a dream inside a flashback
Referencing Appendices in MLA Style
Using a fake name for book
Interviewing a person for a character
Is focus more important in journalism than truth and facts?
Can the prologue's POV be different from the POV of main story?
How to write a convincing character with a opinion that differs from the author's?
Question regarding SAT essay
What kind of protagonist or writing style is Jack Sparrow?
What is the structure of a good essay?
Promoting controversial opinions in a work of fiction
What are key features and pacing in a satisfying ending to a science fiction novel?
How To Beef Up The Middle
How do you escalate a story's plot after killing the Big Bad?
Should a non-native writer try to use complex English words?
Rules for use of quotation marks when paraphrasing quotes, song lyrics etc., for a humorus effect in a cartoon caption.
Permission to use open source data
Difference between a descriptive essay and a narrative essay?
Will my one sentence prologue work?
Can the Final Draft 11 software handle foreign screenplay formats?
Could I use obsolete brand name in fiction book
Do multiple potential love interests dilute tension and diminish drama?
Publishing a book- Age
Why an ancient vampire sleeping for centuries under some castle in Europe would come to Brazil?
Suggesting for my book's Blurb
What is an "active writing style"?
a death row inmate's feelings and thoughts
Expressing shock a character feels - is the F word appropriate?
What do I do if I have no idea how to explain how something looks or even what it is?
How do you decide the voice of your narrative?
Copyright: is it OK to include very short (paragraph-length) text from other novels?
Characters' motivation and feelings on defending against an alien invasion
How to deal with Infalliable Narrator issue?
How to avoid repeating myself while writing in the third person
How do I narrate the events in a fantasy novel?
How to make a character work for an idea?
How to adapt a comicstrip to a novel?
Is permission needed to use a fictitious character from another novel in my story as a point of reference?
How to creatively handle intoxication when you yourself haven't experienced such a thing?
Publication advice on a adult-themed account
I'm looking for inspiration for spells and potions
How do I describe a complex Character?
Writing about a topic which you don't have personal experience in
Is this easter egg too obvious?
When should ideas be scrapped?
how can I learn to speak formal English that people speak in corporate sector?
Does my response fit into the scope of the question or is it too abstract?
How does a heroine who is always in trouble, not realize she is always in trouble?
Female Detective
At what point is permission needed to reference meta-characters and works in my own?
Subplots better than the main plot
"unique-looking" vs "look unique"
The Art of creating Subplots
How does an author write in hand gestures and non-verbal communication?
Dissertation results section - report variables or operationalizations?
How to simulate someone talking with a full mouth?
Snowflake Method: Step 3 - What is important to a character story line?
How can I learn about syntax from the point of view of a poet?
Describing a scene from an animal's point of view
Is it okay to publish a book at the age of 11?
How to write a character speaking in broken english?
What team do I need to start creating comics?
Deus Ex Machina -- How to identify?
First person, third person
Is head-hopping always bad?
Are there widely recognized iconic story examples of "a stranger comes to town" and "a stranger in a strange land"?
How do you normalize a taboo custom in a setting that most readers would not agree with?
Can you frame ritual suicide in a "positive" light?
How can show that my cold hearted character is coping with grief?
Averting Protagonist-Centred Morality
How do you make sex magic feel like a natural part of a setting?
Ways to make money off trash?
What are the story beats in a “stranger comes to town”?
Realistically obfuscating world truths--what should people know?
Should I include the name[s] of copywriting agencies I write for on my CV?
How to write female characters with agency?
How could a galactic plague motivate a villain to conquer an entire galaxy?
Avoiding spectacle creep
Can a book with a lot of action be annoying?
It seems safer to make everyone white then to be accused of 'racism' if I I make any of my pre-written cultures a different race
How to write female characters as a male writer?
If a main character is writing the story, can I change who writes the story in the next chapter?
What genre my wife is writing?
Proven psychological or scientific means of scaring people?
What is genre, and why should we care?
Everything I write ends up being a rhyming poem, or lyrics maybe
How to write internally emotional characters?
Can fanfics be bestsellers?
How do you get over the fear of exposing yourself in writing?
How to change gears with changing technology?
What resources are available for amateur writers who need an editor and can’t afford one?
Is it possible for one to be a good editor but a bad writer or vice versa?
How should I deal with travel time in fantasy?
How to give cartography information in a fantasy setting without being too precise?
Can there be written narratives (not movies or films, but books) without any narrator?
Does a story require a villain to succeed?
Best writing app for phone?
Introducing characters in a screenplay
Publishing my book
Do Science Fiction Stories Follow A Particular Pattern?
Help with reasons for rebellions against my oligarchic/Philosopher kings inspired empire
A children's book that takes 25 minutes to read out loud - is it too long?
Is there a practical time limit on a children's book meant to be read out loud?
first point of view and the problem of opinion
Writing compelling dialogue
Creating fictional names - bands, hotels and companies
How can you write when you're upset?
Attributing TV media sources in online, AP style, journalistic articles
Why are outlines so essential?
Is my story pacing too fast?
Class/Course Names in Fiction
Split up the section or flow straight through
How does one discovery-write court intrigue?
How to make literature review for a software implementation project?
What’s a good name for someone who lives up to their name? Like, century lives up to 100 years
How to describe movement in zero-G?
How to create an open frame story?
Early investment in a character who "learns better"
People like my book, starting halfway through
Screenwriting using codenames
How do I handle different PoVs, at different times and places, each dealing with the same event?
How to write an interview-style story without it being an infodump?
How do i properly name a fictional species and describe it?
Can the outline of a short story be reason for plagiarism?
I cannot figure out the exact genre (and target audience) of my book
Can I use the passive voice to avoid referring to myself in a scientific report?
Is it okay to mix tribes with cyberpunk?
How to describe a character who is sick from trauma?
Are reactive protagonists inherently a bad thing?
Authorship implications of presenting one’s manuscript as an older one in the prologue
Writing a book that involves an ex husband
How do I make a repetitive element in a play interesting?
Generalize or specialize?
Is imagining circumstances within an external non-writing setting a useful writing exercise?
How can I indicate that a particular relationship between two male characters is purely brotherly (Philia) rather than romantic (Eros)?
If I use a quote followed by a citation, then a small sentence from the cited material, should I include another citation?
How to insert music lyrics on an book
How long should I mention an injured character’s pain?
Writing a coherent alt-history universe
Using the grammatically correct way or the casual way to express the same idea in another language?
Name of the technique where you show a tense scene in the beginning and then transitioning to a peaceful first chapter
What to call a main character who changes names?
Universe similar to Transformers
Is it okay to use a lot of exclamation marks?
When should the protagonist have a self-revelation?
Facial expressions as part of dialogue - getting rid of a verbal tic
Scrivener for windows, adding a website with special characters to research?
How should I handle writing a story where different portions of the narrative are told from the point of view of several different narrators?
Changing perspectives
Need advice about changing character's gender
"Cease and Desist" for a pen name
How best to prevent a protective response from overshadowing a heroic act?
Writing a cancer survivor
Am I using too much exposition here?
How to describe a feeding hand motion in the following context
Switching POV from First to Third
How to introduce a large amount of characters in the first chapter?
Point of view switching
What is the key to creating a independent character, female and male?
Need advice about the structure of my body part
Protective, not patronising
How to describe a character without dialogue?
How to introduce multiple outfits in a short amount of time?
Where do Booksellers on Amazon get new books that are published only on KDP and ingramSpark?
How do I draw attention to a girl's chest without making it overly lewd?
Which are the fastest-paying literary magazines?
How many times should I mention a character's name when the interactions are among the same sex?
Halting virtual reality advancement
How young can a "motherly" character be?
Git plugins for MS Word?
Noble styles and forms of address
What kind of writing style works for a game?
How to have a character make a drastic character change in a short amount of time (i.e. the first quarter of the book)?
What is the best way to transition from one scene to another completely different scene when writing a story?
How should I calculate the rate for a book I am writing as a co-author?
How can I make a character who isn't a jerk seem like one?
Coining words - when and how?
Do readers need to identify with fictional characters?
Portraying the Brutality of War
How to avoid basing an autistic character too much upon myself?
Is it much costlier to self-publish a 6x9 book than a 5x8 with a POD printer?
How to best develop a history based on characters POV, reflections and experiences
How to sell your book?
In a first-person web novel, how to make the reader aware of a motivator the POV is unaware of?
How to resolve a conflict between a girl that left you vs. a girl who abandoned you?
Does this scene fail the Bechdel test?
Writing Structure - Building an Anthology Outline
How much realism do I put into a war simulation story for Young Adults?
Setting The Correct Tone
How can I avoid a predictable plot?
What is the guide for writing essay for a people who cannot even write a paragraph?
How do you construct a thesis statement?
What is a subtle way of mentioning a man became physically aroused?
My kid's first story
How to make a cool unmanly character
Having Trouble Writing An Opening Scene With A Shy Character
I have no artistic skill, but I want to write for animated shows/movies
Films where the antagonist appears relatively late
Is writing solely about writing a plot?
How to write good email for applying leaves
When should a supporting character be scrapped?
Choosing between two people in a romance?
Hint to murder in a dramatic monologue?
Ripoff Character
How different does a retelling have to be in order to publish it even if the original story is not yet in the public domain?
How to include detailed, long dialog in a narrative written about a few events taking place over many months
How do you know if your story concepts contradict each other?
How do you create a huge array of characters?
How to avoid mentioning the name of a character?
How can a main character in a visual novel attract people of different personalities besides having a single trait each of them is attracted to?
How do you make a scene "tasteful"?
Where can I post my rough drafts for peer evaluations?
What are the legal concern if our story turns out to a duplicate of an existing copyrighted story?
How to turn an Alternate Universe into an original story?
Why do expert fiction writers often give conflicting and contradictory advice to novice writers?
Can I mention Sherlock Holmes in my story?
Do I need less exposition if I'm going to add images?
How to stay excited when writing about the necessary?
What can I do to make character who hates their own ancestry relatable?
Should I write my story if I haven't established a plot?
Do I need to provide in-text citations in a news article for school?
How to combat "uneven writing density"?
How to create a likable and sympathetic character, even if they are a pervert?
Is it reasonable to have weary character climb rope to safety?
How much should you "guide" your audience with questions?
Footnotes for Translation purposes
Citing and typos
Comic Cruelty - Examples
How best to avoid the appearance of Deus Ex Machina with established character?
Phrasing to balance immense speed with boredom
How to stylize notes/book-passages being read inside my story?
How should you use sexually deviant monsters in fantasy?
How should a big universe be introduced without being boring?
Explaining made up card game
Ensemble cast novel - pitch and synopsis
Shortening an already short story
How would law enforcement react to a "Jane Doe"?
What is meant by "purposeful, habitual, and gratuitous" actions?
David Foster Wallace's technique in "Consider the Lobster"
Why using the "It Was All Just a Dream" Trope?
How to create a memorable line?
Good rule of thumb when varying sentence lengths/structure
Should I write my book in first person's POV or third person's POV?
Why would someone in an apocalypse travel with a person who is totally dependent on them?
Why am I asked to revise this statement?
What means of publishing yields best reputation in scientific community?
Creating an incompetent antagonist
How do you keep track of projects/ideas until you have time to write them down?
How to balance a character‘s duty versus his conscience
License for incorporating game-play and characters of a video-game in a novel?
Any recommendations on books to assist with prose/style?
Is it possible to get permanently scarred by the sea?
How to write a fantasy novel?
Narrative arc in erotica?
How to describe a horse from the POV of someone who has never seen one?
How many pixels' margin to the right should my 5"-wide image be on a 300dpi KDP paperback to be centered?
How to build a character from an invented professional title?
What is the character called that is only there so we can have information from the main characters?
Is it ok to temporarily break immersion in a tutorial for a game?
I feel like my book is too similar to famous existing novels?
Writing a Non Fiction: Need to Format a Continuous Side Bar
Needing Help Fleshing Out Male Character So He's Not Just a Stock Character
Music & Focus During Writing
How to add depth to primary female character that contrasts well with primary male characters
Hooking the Reader. Feedback Needed
Is it better to use a tricolon or an enumeration with four objects?
genre for serial killer/character transformation
What is a fiction story called, which is larger than a short story, but smaller than a novel?
Secondary Dialogue
Glossary in my book
Effectively conveying an unreliable narrator
Should the name of a mythological creature be capitalized?
Where to Find Screenwriters?
Transitioning between an Interrupted sleep and falling back into it again WITHOUT repeating material?
Standard Margins for 6x9 Size Book
Writing as a hobby, where do you learn the basics and go further?
The problem with beginning
How to write a good MacGuffin?
Describing new/strange foods
How do I make my characters sound British?
How to balance male protagonist sensitivity to women
Write an unnerving, yet likable, character (video game)
Writing a story about a immortal character
Do Open Source Novels Exist?
Indexing a long title with multiple parts and "The" at the beginning
Pseudonyms and Book signings
What do you call a self-liberated slave?
Flashforward Tense
Citing an unknown primary source?
Keeping up with multiple projects at the same time
Is a section of a book published in a journal considered a journal source?
How do I justify a mansplainer/misogynist?
How should sentient computer viruses act like?
How to Write a Colossal Cast of Characters
How to limit 3rd Person Omniscient without losing depth to your other characters?
Painting ritualistic murder in a "good-guy" light?
What point of view is best to write a visual novel in?
How far does using the same words from copy righted works go?
How to structure a book with small unrelated sections like a book of short stories or historical events?
Will it push away a reader if I start my book with the frame story?
On Characters' Motivations
Writing last name of a person in an essay
Is it plagiarism to use an item from another story in my own story?
Is this attribution clear and sufficient?
Once written down it's set in stone
What are good techniques to describe eyes?
I noticed that several already-existing poems used the same highly specific puns and phrases that I used. Is this unintentional plagiarism on my part?
Naming my characters
Using big words without sounding like a thesaurus junkie
Running multiple, multi-niche blogs as an individual
Running four parallel stories
Short sentence(s) to be creative to ask Uber passenger to tip?
Citing the same page multiple times in MLA
If two characters are blood relations will it seem coincidental?
Is it true that setting your book price low (without making it clear that it is a sales price) makes people assume it is of low quality?
How do you fill pages with fluff?
Would readers feel cheated if the villain is successful in convincing the protagonist to change sides?
Why does pricing one's ebook at $1.99 tend to result in far lower sales than pricing it at $2.99 or $0.99?
Penalties for copyright infringements
Using real words from a foreign culture feels like 'Calling a rabbit a "smeerp"'
Do I quote the author or artist from a comic? MLA
How do you make characters relatable if they exist in a completely different moral context?
How can you humanize infanticide of the evil-tainted?
Repetitive sentences
A handful of gems
Can I give a lecture about my book without disclosing my real name?
Struggling with the number of themes in my work
Writing a crying scene
How to keep darkness from piling up
How do I know if I should be a writer?
How do I prevent my protagonist from ending the world?
Is there a test for cliches in plot?
Protagonist who is morally compromised and antagonist who is "good"?
What are the chances that agents or publishers will accept my manuscript if there are some grammatical errors in it?
Categorizing paragraphs in a stack exchange answer
Is there a balance between a page-turning read and an exhausting 'too much' reading experience?
How to avoid "power creep" in my novel?
How can I describe someone wanting to make someone happy?
Fiction: Living next door to a CEO
How can I indicate a magical compulsion to protect someone without truly disclosing it?
Should I change my method of indicating internal monologue (parenthesis) to something more conventional?
How do I stay motivated while planning a series of novels?
How to avoid turning dialogue into Q&A session?
how many copies of Hitchhiking with an Angel
Punctuating dialogue that is interrupted by thoughts/internal monologue rather than action?
Do I need Permission for Acknowledgements or Reprinting Articles?
What keeps most authors writing after receiving multiple rejections?
Can I publish a book based on the Library of Babel?
Is accurate human nature required for good writing, even in fantasy scenarios, or with fictional species?
How to Write about Events the 1st-person Protagonist Hasn't Witnessed?
If one's first book is one genre, will publishers be less likely to accept books of a different genre by the same author?
What chapter timestamp to use in fantasy time travel novel?
Where to put a description of software tools used in a thesis?
How to write a good application?
A Market For Long Narrative Poetry?
How best to have a conversation a character does not overhear?
Different methods of incorporating Korean into English text
I'm afraid of quashing the hopes of a new writer
Should I be myself and write what I really want even though it isn't getting much traction?
I'm afraid that my setups will be overlooked
What are some good places to receive feedback?
How best to recover from catastrophic text loss?
Short sentences vs. long sentences in fiction
How to determine which details are important enough to be mentioned in a text-based roleplay?
Are paragraph spaces used for emphasis?
Different ways to emphasize
Does every story really represent a life-story, as McKee advises?
Conflict and antagonist in a certain subtype of erotic novels
Consequences of imprisonment during childhood
How to cite the place of a conference in Chicago manual of style?
Raising infinite questions without isolating the reader
Library of Congress filing: answering "intended for children or young adults"
The problem of the throwaway boyfriend
A critic made a comment that my female character sounds like she was written by a man
What is the average word count for a scene in a chapter?
Not projecting myself onto my characters
Character growth when the entire story is actively working to prevent it?
Formating of table explanation in email to colleagues
Should we add a character in a story for realistic effect?
Character is onscreen for three seconds
Dystopia that isn't cliche
Quote at the beginning of a chapter, is it advisable for fiction novels?
What is a good way to handle lengthy monologues/lectures in a novel?
Is it a bad idea to have a character that has an "imaginary friend"?
Is my book legal? Is my story too similiar to Harry Potter
Approach to pop culture quotes in fiction writing
Referencing another company's product in my product manual
1000 words a day for a part-time writer
How to refer to complex job titles in cover letters?
Realistically incorporating trans/nonbinary characters
A Question About Addressing The Reader?
How to write in a more conversational tone?
Should I change from past to present tense to state a fact that continues into the present and is unyielding?
The use of footnotes to translate foreign words in a novel
Is my story "too diverse"?
Crafting an organic female platonic relationship
"Ocular" versus "Optical"
Too much death?
How best to avoid the appearance of stereotype?
What website for posting writing is going to give me the least grief?
Convincing argument about something I don't agree with
Is using too many different metres and rhyming schemes bad?
What exactly is a 'series' in indie publishing?
Is it bad to project myself into my story?
Should I make up my own names for the days of the week/months
Is no religion a bad thing?
Incorporating new people into a critique group
What sort of details do potential short story beta readers need?
How to Paste as Plain Text in Scrivener on Windows?
Character is an expert on something I'm not
Many resources in one sentence: how to use references?
Could the cast of my book be more unique?
How do I write a Star Trek themed fiction making the story believable?
Is it possible for an author to release a novel every week using dictation technology?
Do authors often base their characters off of themselves?
How and when should I introduce my main character's superpowers?
some sort of writer
MC doesn't know something that's obvious to the reader
Enigma Book with a money prize
How can I make my character sound Scottish?
How do I make my book longer?
Are there very large format POD publishers?
Should I start a new paragraph after a dialogue if the action is being taken by a new person?
Third person story, containing a first person backstory
How to end a story without reaching a new status quo?
How can I keep dialogue attached to character names in a Pages play script?
Is the "hero guy saves girl" trope misogynistic?
How do I make my character be a part of something without it seeming forced?
Dots in lists with mixed-width items
Is the sentence "Love not self - love no one" easily understandable to an English reader?
How to write a joint book with each writer writing a character?
Where can a new author sell the first chapter of a book?
Screenwriting Techniques: Emotional Projection
Pop star names and other famous people or characters
Is there an official license type applied by copyright holder that allows a written work to be continued upon/derived by third-party writers?
How to present an alien culture with different morals, without it coming across as savage?
how can I portray a culture that practices human sacrifice as not being uncivilized?
Little disjointed scenes
Unfair Motivation for a Judge to Dislike an Accused
First quarter friends
How to explain the main plot with science based concepts, without the non-sci-fi fans getting bored?
How can I make distinctions between a hive-mind and a super consciousness?
How to write a 40+ page story in 3 weeks
What meta-properties should a character have in general?
Is it bad if I don't like the "best" books in my chosen genre?
How should tv broadcast dialogue be formatted in a story?
How to punctuate dialogue tags with action descriptions
Is my book to similar to Matched by Allie Condie
Varying POV and tense
British / American language mishmash
Can my characters interact with my narrator? (and vice versa)
Story that's too depressing?
Planning story using layers, compartmentalization, and time
Is it ok to use "aluminium" in an otherwise American English text?
The relationship between the MC's Goal and the climax
Protagonist Goal and achieving it
Should I cite a source that cites an older source?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of setting a story in a made up country, compared to a real one?
Can I hire an author manager as a beginner author?
How to show the same emotion multiple times?
Writing couples with age difference
Is it redundant to use "billowing winds" and "petulant waves" in the same sentence?
How to write a memorial plaque?
Avoiding repetition when there are two unidentified individuals
Is sentence in English with long subject bad?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of copying writing styles?
Should I add racism in my book's world or have my world have no racism?
Is this an oxymoron, and what would be the purpose of making seemingly illogical statements in writing?
In the background of the Future
Not having any white MC's?
Formatting for a visual medium: Screenplay or transcripts?
How to identify paper which will blot fountain pen ink?
What are some good ways of switching from third-person limited point of view to third-person omniscient point of view?
How important is the apocalypse in a post-apocalyptic story?
Write now or learn?
Fastest way to tell if a book's POV is third person omniscient or limited
Why is it that all the bestselling indie authors are based in the US (and, to a much smaller degree, the UK)?
I am an author that wrote a biography on a singer. Do I need to get permission to turn the book into a screenplay?
What are some of the tricks used to end a verse with a specific word?
Can I write and get a book publish if I'm just 12?
Confused about when to treat something as a dialogue tag
Could I have some characters reveal more internal monologue than others?
Characters jumping out of their stories
Is there such a thing as a "cinematographic metaphor" in novels?
A question on determining audience
Replacing adverbs
Advice on how to beat word repetition in dialogue
Is it confusing for English speakers to see mixed tenses in narration?
Describing the face and physiological responses in different languages and peoples
Re-reading and making changes to current work that makes everything worse?
Tips and tricks to describe more
Is it time to start closing up my novel?
Historical Present in English?
Multiple Books in a Single Query
Are there situations where using an anastrophe is ill-advised?
Fictional cultures and languages existing in the same area?
Writing a dialogue with a lot of ellipses
How do I stop using 'the' to start sentences so much?
Do hard to pronounce names break immersion?
How do you describe sentimental human physical interactions?
Any tip on naming a star, planet, geographical features and other non-living things?
Continuing a short story
Is using an online name generator a good idea?
Sentence starters for summaries?
Is this imagery?
Finding resources for sci-fi writers on Quantum Mechanics
How do some self-published books on Amazon get lots of sales without any marketing whatsoever?
How can I make a talky, idea-based concept enjoyable
How is a semordnilap typically used?
Writing romance when I have little experience in it
How much description is necessary?
Using symbols to refer to mythological figures
What is dark humor exactly?
A better sentence for a sequence of events
Does the 'writing-style' change when book gets translated into another language?
How to incorporate a silent protagonist into a chatty world?
Creating and keeping track of characters
Are there any implications around the use of personification?
Is it true that writers don't really need agents and they can just query publishers directly, as Dean Wesley Smith says?
How much description is too much?
Creating a fairytale for adults
Ensuring that character dialogues sound like they are coming from different people
Why don’t writers layer and number lengthy sentences?
Why don't writers add commas to lengthy sentences, to make them far more readable?
Writing the dialogues of characters who are much smarter than you
What do you call a hidden story inside a story?
Ensuring that a line or a passage doesn't get mistakenly identified as plagiarism
Showing that a character is in pain in a dialogue
How to introduce a foreign idea to readers
How to show a short, sequential passing of time, without changing the scene
Scene & Sequel in exposition or world building
Storing WorldBuilding Information
What are some pre-release marketing strategies?
Chekhov's gun, but it's just "useless" background info
How to prevent fountain pen ink from evaporating during winter months?
Show applied preset where the cursor is?
Is there a way to know if a metaphor is bad or not?
How do you prevent whiplash when transitioning between comedy and tragedy?
Is there a website that tells you which D&D creatures are under copyright protection?
An LGBT main character, but the book isn't about LGBT issues
Writing a Story From The End
Show outline or table of content using presets in Scrivener?
What are some techniques used to increase the melodicality of a lyric?
Adding lines to a video game script to futureproof a project
Problems Blending Sci-fi & Traditional Fantasy?
How do I tackle religion and mythology correctly? Without offending religious people
How to write an introduction letter as a professor?
Song quote for an 'in memoriam'
Is it okay to say what the character infers about other characters thoughts as fact in third person limited?
How do I respectfully write black characters in a 1930s Arizona setting?
Are run-on sentences always bad?
Is it bad to have no gender variety?
How to get my characters' emotions out of the way so I can get on with the plot?
Reference of plots
Dead children in pre-modern setting
How do I write a MODERN combat/violence scene without being dry?
Characters speaking different languages
How to search for titles of novels that are or begin with a word or phrase previously used as the title of many nonfictional works?
How should I describe a light beam coming out from any point in polar coordinates?
What are good guidelines and practices for word emphasis?
When should you use extra long sentences, never?
Can I reference something used in another medium, like names, play titles, or song titles?
Writing a fiction novel with poetic verses and handling dialogues
Describing paralyzing fear in the first person
Is bigotry always necessary in a story?
Is there a good source of information for political intrigues?
What are some tools for expanding your vocabulary?
Are too many exclamations wrong?
What are some of the most common structures for lyrics?
Using a grammatically incorrect tense for stylistic effect
Changing 3rd person limited to 3rd person omniscient POV for a few scenes
Is it possible to use version 3 Scrivener documents in both Mac & Windows?
Is using first person in academic/technical essays always bad?
Fictionalizing firsthand accounts from history?
How to describe skin colour, if "white" is not the point of reference?
Writing short stories in an original world setting
Integrating complex philosophical concepts into a story
How to make your paragraphs flow from paragraph to paragraph
College Essay - Thesis and Topic - Hard to differentiate
Latin names of European places
How can I start in media res and provide enough back-story to hook people, all in the first chapter?
Do I need to get people to sign a waiver to include their content in my book?
Research on an alternate history novel
How to respond to overenthusiastic copy-editing
When looking to get your first book published, do you turn in a mostly finished manuscript or a completely finished one?
How to write characters who hate when you don't understand it?
Writing a trilogy and editing
How soon is too soon for a redemption arc?
How is "his eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad" readable as anapestic meter?
How to fill novel if you have just some moments prepared?
Semicolon or better prose?
I am afraid some scenes in my novel are too graphic for some people (Trigger warning: Sexual Assault)
Time gaps in a novel
How do I write different factions with ideologies, philosophies, and symbolism?
How to make a grieving father less vengeful and see reason?
What are the words that were used during Shakespeare's time that are seldom used nowadays?
Is my work fiction or non-fiction?
How do you advertise your work if you cover multiple topics or niches?
Does symbolism have only one level of depth?
Is a nuclear apocalypse cliche?
Is writing three drafts really necessary?
Identifying and managing weak scenes during planning
How to tell readers your story is a re-imagination of a popular story?
Outsourcing people to make a cover
How to make clear what a part-humanoid character looks like when they're quite common in their world?
How to expand on scenes?
What are some ways to implement multiple endings in a novel?
Are fictional inventions trademarked?
Can using my name as author harm my book sales?
Mafia name usage in writing
How can I portray body horror and still be sensitive to people with disabilities?
Writing a short story in the same universe as my novel
What are the things to consider when writing a sequel to a novel from another author?
Symbolism of number of crows?
How can I add more depth to my poem?
How to write painful torture scenes without being over-the-top
How to keep romance out of my novel?
Is it plagiarism to use Google Translate?
If I put my writing online/in contests, can I still get published?
Describing sex in a non-erotic fiction
Why write a book when there's a movie in my head?
When writing in a school context without ever having been to school, how do I make sure that my story is accurate within school context?
What's the correct way to write 3 x 10^6 (three million)?
How do I add more details in my story?
Spell out numbers before times, days, months?
How do I avoid the "chosen hero" feeling?
Finding out about other countries' military day-to-day
Adapting dialogue from a novel into a screenplay
Is it possible to narrate a novel in a faux-historical style without alienating the reader?
Reversing title and subtitle in foreign edition
Protagonist constantly has to have long words explained to her. Will this get tedious?
Can you give me some advice on this story?
Podcast Script - Recurring Elements
How to know you are over-explaining and oversimplifying a subject?
Using a different POV just for the opening line
Materials to promote my book in person
Examples & humor in educational podcast
Pairing poetry with original artwork: is this done?
Seeking advice on editing process through integration into online poetry writing communities
Use of stock image on book cover
How do I write a scene with Lord Vetinari?
How to convert APA style citations (Coley et al 2004) to IEEE format [1]?
Third wheel character
Is time travel science fiction or fantasy?
Nanowrimo and typewriting
How may a book and movie be one?
Using time travel without creating plot holes
Showing friendship between people of different ranks - maintain formality, or drop it?
Ways to develop characters in a fast paced video game
What are some ways to make absurdity of certain ideas in fiction more palatable?
Strategies for writing software design documents
What are some ways of extending a description of a scenery?
Critique vs nitpicking
Writing dialogues for characters whose first language is not English
Crossing the line from Middle-Grade to Young-Adult
Can we have 2 parallel allegories inside a story?
The English language, if England had a dictatorship
Sugar-coating a niche genre
How do you get out of your own psychology to write characters?
What are the meta considerations when writing a play?
Can we "borrow" our answers to populate our own websites?
Should I signal completion of a decision point in an interactive novel?
Is it ok to have many characters who only appear for a few chapters?
What language shall they sing in?
Methods for writing a code review
How to write a Stack Exchange comment?
How does one write from a minority culture? A question on cultural references
Self-publishing Nonfiction Help Guides on Amazon?
Using words from another book
Is It Legal to Use Military Insignias of Defunct Nations?
How would I extend a line in poetry?
Is using an 'empty' metaphor considered bad style?
Naming non-living things
Consulting experts - why should they talk to someone who isn't a published writer yet?
What to look for when criticizing poetry?
Making him into a bully (how to show mild violence)
What are the best techniques to show a character panicking as it is seen by the POV character?
Can you get a work translated into simple modern English published?
How do I introduce this character?
Increasing the flow in descriptions of a sequence of events
Giving nonsensical names to things
Coloured comments in a word processor [Word/Libre/OpenOffice] - is it possible?
Write for an audience or find an audience for your writing?
Always sounding idiomatic as a non-native English speaker
Can I write a book of my D&D game?
Writing a character who is going through a civilizing process without overdoing it?
Monsters of psychological horror
Incorporating research and background: How much is too much?
Injecting creativity into a cookbook
Should I include an appendix to reference words of an in-universe language for a fantasy novel?
How can I write an annoying character without annoying the reader?
Is it okay for the final chapter to be a lot longer than all the other chapters?
Fictional races and fictional racism
Should the average length of a chapter depend on the length of the novel?
Writing a well rounded lyrics with incredible musicality and incredible poetry
Every character has a name - does this lead to too many named characters?
Is there any room in technical-writing for levity
How to write exciting updates?
Translating non-English lyrics to English
Would publishers accept a title which includes the F-word?
Do I need to get a pen name?
How to tag distinct options/entities without giving any an implicit priority or suggested order?
how can I showcase the internal struggles between a man and his demons?
Is it legal to write a novel about people playing "League of Legends"?
Should I write a companion book/blog?
Switching perspective in battle scenes?
Finishing up someone else's novel
Writing a long description of a sequence of actions while still being impersonal
How to write a Stack Exchange Question?
What are some techniques to avoid digital distraction?
What is in scope for criticizing technical writing
How do we properly manage the state of transition between unknown and known?
Publish the same book under two names
Do British publishers change US English spelling to British English spelling?
What is a good way to foreshadow that magic is actually very advanced technology?
What do you call a fact that doesn't match the settings?
Knowing when to use pictures over words
Everyone is beautiful
How do we succintly describe a boxing match?
Approaches to criticizing short fiction
Should we write a long prologue if the main component of our novel is the original world building?
Capitlization of A Named Experiment
What is the best way to simulate grief?
What is this device of using quotes to imply that a character represents or symbolizes someone else?
How to use metaphors and similes in a good dose?
What are the key elements of a humor story?
Publishers that drag their feet
How do you to turn an antagonist into a protagonist?
How to write a puzzle without being too descriptive or vague?
When should we use an ellipsis in a poem instead of a comma or a dot?
How can I get readers to accept more than 1 "buy" in worldbuilding?
Writing as a second job
How many elements can you focus on during worldbuilding?
Criticizing long fiction. How is it different from short?
Terminology in sociology & statistics
Should an author include user-interactive sections in his website?
How large should photos on my blog be?
Writing effectively under very brief constraints
How do we edit a novel that's written by several people?
Map-making software
Sometimes a banana is just a banana
Naming things the POV character doesn't know
Will my book have a better chance at being successful if I include more gender diversity in it?
When does inspiration across artforms become plagiarism
How would we write a misogynistic character without offending people?
As a new poet, where can I find help from a professional to judge my work?
How to choose ideal number of main characters?
Mariner Software for writers
Using rhythm to evoke emotion
Borrowing Characters
Scansion tool for checking my meter
Casually inserting sexual orientation
Should beta-readers have genre experience?
How should we write a passage where a character sings?
How do we spread a story across several different media without alienating our readers?
Where best to insert images using Scrivener for ebook/kindle etc
Are paired adjectives bad style?
How to validate a new form of poetry?
Writing a letter of apology and requesting financial assistance
Quote with attribution, but without saying that I'm quoting
Showing the transition of language comprehension change
What should the omniscient narrator call a character?
Should we avoid writing fiction about historical events without extensive research?
Sympathy for a villain
How do we write a good feedback as a beta-reader?
What is personification?
When can characters be reused?
How to portray a character with gender dysphoria?
Can metaphors be used for other purposes than for stylistic effect and to form an allegory?
Quick punctuation request on a sentence containing a list with a colon per listed item
End-of-line hyphenation - how should it be used?
How do we write a story about genocide committed by a fascist government without falling into the "Nazi Germany" cliché?
Distinguishing between unreliable frame narrator and narrator of framed story
How do we objectively assess if a dialogue sounds unnatural or cringy?
Including disabled characters without "inspiration porn"
Naming Characters after Friends/Family
Do we need to make consistent use of archaic English in our poem/novel?
How to write a chaotic neutral protagonist and prevent my readers from thinking they are evil?
What points should a "Character Interview" method for character building hit?
Tool for editing dialogue of each character
How do I write for the majority, without alienating my minority?
Is there a way to break genre expectations successfully?
How to cue in our readers that we are using an uncommon symbolism?
Should we avoid having a protagonist of a different ethnicity than ours if we don't know anything about their culture?
Too soon for a plot twist?
What exactly is the difference between Wordpress.org and Wordpress.com and what should be used for self publishing?
As a new author, is it possible to sell a book to a publisher within one or two weeks after you've finished writing it?
How to describe a row of two different types of trees?
Help! My Character is too much for her story!
'Ellipsis' - what do they convey and how to use them aptly in a Novel?
Should I give out specific information about agent interest to other agents?
How to shorten a prologue?
How do we write a good edit on Wikipedia?
Documenting story in a videogame
Websites to share fiction containing extreme content?
Scrivener: use chapter and/or page numbers in hyperlinks
Crowdsource feedback for research articles
How do we tell someone how to sing a lyric?
How do we create new idioms and use them in a novel?
How to use 2 footnotes in the same word?
In a novel with multiple authors, how do we determine in what order the names should appear?
How to show two perspectives without solely relying on different POVs?
Question about the basic elements of Mckee's view of writting
Problems with picture alignment in Microsoft Word - which other DTP software can I use?
How many words do visual novels contain on average per hour of gameplay?
Avoiding burnout
When a story is longer than a book, is it best to wait until the entire story is done before completing the first book in the story?
When should we redefine a term that's used in a different way in the book we're writing?
Should the length of the different parts of a novel be distributed equally?
How much does translating a novel cost?
Do I really need to have a scientific explanation for my premise?
Dialect resources for early/mid 20th Century Midwestern American speech
What would you expect from travel story?
How do I say that someone is black?
Should a prequel strive for symmetry with the original work?
How does one describe somebody who is bi-racial to someone who is blind?
In which countries do printed fantasy novels sell the most?
Short story vs. Novella
What to call a nameless character in a 3rd person narrative?
How can we incorporate poems in a novel?
What can we do to make sure that our novels are in the public domain as soon as we die?
Are major mystery subplot(s) in a fantasy story distracting or do they make a story more appealing?
How to document and cite website downtime properly?
My story is written in English, but is set in my home country. What language should I use for the dialogue?
How many stages would it take for a character to be convinced of x?
MLA: Indirect Citation without quote
How do I make a "contract" with my reader?
How to describe my character using they/them so the reader doesn't know their gender until their pronouns show up later?
How do we distinguish plagiarism from homage in literature?
Is it a good idea to post a story in a fanfiction website, and then seek to have it published later on?
What to submit when asked for "sample chapters"?
What should go into a White Paper?
Content Sites - any still around and useful?
Is a lawful good "antagonist" effective?
What should I call a short book about my life?
How to make readers know that my work has used a hidden constraint?
George Orwell 1984. What does this sentence actually mean.?
How to do a global find and replace in Ulysses
When two POV characters meet
Do we need to find another publisher when we want to publish our novel in a different language in another region?
Is it a bad idea to use footnotes to describe new technologies in a science-fiction novel?
How to open a serious speech?
Is it necessary to take writing classes and learn formal fiction structure?
How do we properly show that a person is talking at the same time as something or someone else?
Documenting software requirements
How to traditionally publish a fantasy-fiction novel serial in our modern era of publishing without the use of zines?
What challenges are there in writing a fantasy cookbook?
How do I hide Chekhov's Gun?
Rules about breaking the rules. How do I do it well?
How to answer questions about my characters?
Does it really serve a main character to give them one driving want?
Translating a rendering in Greek of a word/term/name in a different language into English
How can I trim my word count and still be proud of what I've written?
Picking a good story goal for a morally neutral character
How to write cleanly even if my character uses expletive language?
Using spoonerism for a non-humoristic purpose
Is it true that good novels will automatically sell themselves on Amazon (and so on) and there is no need for one to waste time promoting?
What should tie a collection of short-stories together?
How to include external references when writing internal documentation?
Would a full service PoD company include a literary agent?
Is this ununderstandable character part of the conflict?
How to use deus ex machina safely?
How far I can write about a protagonist with a different ethnicity of me?
How can I make a non-linear timeline less confusing?
Is there a crowd-sourced site for reviews and critique?
Using a possessive pronoun before using its antecedent in a poem
Combining an idiom with a metonymy
How specific should I get when brainstorming with what-if exercise?
How to make writing humorous?
How do we distinguish someone talking to another person via telepathy rather than via vocal means?
Describing a chess game in a novel
Using elision in poetry
Should I use acronyms in dialogues before telling the readers what it stands for in fiction?
How do I mix linear and non-linear "choices" in an interactive novel?
Writing in a Christian voice
How can I highlight changes in HTML output from Flare, based on branch diff?
Would it be believable to defy demographics in a story?
Should I show the plot to my beta reader?
When should a starting writer get his own webpage?
How to collect scattered ideas on various topics in to a blog post/ writing article?
Do I need to convey a moral for each of my blog posts?
Is it advisable to write a teaser for your blog posts?
Autocapitalize/correct two connected words?
What if your narrator’s profession is author and she wants to include her writing process/specific chapters as part of her story?
Best practice for academic writing: write and cite or write first?
Should a narrator ever describe things based on a character's view instead of facts?
Symbolism of 18 Journeyers
Mortal danger in mid-grade literature
What should be the ideal length of sentences in a blog post for ease of reading?
Writing a Novel based on a Self-help Guide Book
What is the structure of a paranormal horror story?
Showing mass murder in a kid's book
How can one learn about the laws of hospitality in Latin America?
Is there a place for an epilogue in a standalone novel?
How can my story describe a world and a society without relying on individual characters?
Can a main character leave the story early?
Acceptable and unacceptable number shifts in writing
Written and illustrated children's book: what now?
What type of pen is being used here?
Can I publish a "revised edition" of my book with a different publisher?
Creating or identifying secondary protagonists
en dash with space for non-integer?
Personal or impersonal in a technical resume
How to balance the agendas of co protagonists that periodically conflict?
Should I create a domain name using a pen name that is common with another person's domain name?
Usage of an old photo with expired copyright
Does the reader need to like the PoV character?
How can I safely use "Thalidomide" in my novel while respecting the trademark?
What is special in API documentation compared to general technical writing?
How can I write humor as character trait?
When is using a simile better than giving a literal description?
Non-trope happy ending?
Can I turn my anal-retentiveness into a career?
Are friendly writing contests a useful exercise?
Is it good formatting to bookend quotations with a comma when they occur in the middle of narration?
When must a character grow beyond their archetype?
Handling Earth-based religions on a foreign planet
Does success imply validation and agreement?
Can disgust be a key component of horror?
Introducing a character in the third act?
How much character growth crosses the line into breaking the character
Using substitution ciphers to generate new alphabets in a novel
Turning away from the 3-act structure - what guides my pacing now?
The three acts and their relative length
Characterizing a sentient robot: sensory data
Characterizing a sentient robot: inhuman PoV
Prologue or chapter 1?
Is there a market for all-ages novels?
Organizing categories and tags for a writing blog
Given two alternative, strong endings to a novel, how to decide which one to use?
Future battlegrounds
Pre-modern battle - command it, or fight in it?
When does a phrase change from "quote" to "expression coined by"?
Famous mistranslations - correct them?
Delivering sarcasm
PoD services that do hardcovers of custom dimensions?
Should I join writers organizations?
I'm trying to figure out whether to discovery write or outline. How do I choose which is right for me?
Is it acceptable to use props I saw in a movie in my story?
Indicating multiple different modes of speech (fantasy language or telepathy)
When quoting, must I also copy hyphens used to divide words that continue on the next line?
What are the rules for beginning a block quotation halfway into a quoted sentence?
Is it ok to use long footnotes?
Autocapitalize after colon for dialog?
Switching tense and point of view between the chapters
Stereotypical names
Adding tags to documentation built in Flare?
Writing based on the context or theme
Will it be accepted, if there is no ''Main Character" stereotype?
What are the points to remember when the pet is the narrator and is narrating the story of its owner?
Tiptoe or tiphoof? Adjusting words to better fit fantasy races
How do I keep an essay about "feeling flat" from feeling flat?
Describing Pain in First Person Present Tense
How possible is it to publish a sequel with a different publisher than the original (successfully)?
News shot in screenwriting
How to write out words for wordplay
Book/Novel About aliens fearing humans - perspective delivery
How do I go from 300 unfinished/half written blog posts, to published posts?
In a professional email you need to quote something from a business document. How do you write this?
Is a stroke of luck acceptable after a series of unfavorable events?
How to write character's emotional reactions in a screenplay?
Crossing the line between justified force and brutality
Can I publish a book at 14?
What is the better academic option for a non-native English writer?
Describing a person. What needs to be mentioned?
If the narrator of the story is a pet, can I still add some philosophical stuff into its narration?
How do I differentiate characters in first person POV when the narrator doesn't know them yet?
What makes a siege story/plot interesting?
Why do professional authors make "consistency" mistakes? And how to avoid them?
What is this "1492E" reference number at the end of a magazine article?
How to describe a fist bump explosion?
For HTML documentation sets, are there meaningful guidelines for topic length?
Beyond letters and diaries—exercises to explore characters' personalities and motivation
Chapters of a Book and Story Structure of McKee
Have I got the plot?
Add copyright notice before submitting manuscript?
Sending manuscript to multiple publishers
Should authors write books anticipating audiobook narrations?
Trials to claim a throne
Changing the meaning of well-established symbols
Is wanting to ask what to write an indication that you need to change your story?
Is it okay to majorly distort historical facts while writing a fiction story?
How to script two scenes happening simultaneously?
I want to traditionally publish my work but I have multiple ISBNs what do I do?
Ellipses in the middle of a paragraph?
How to write a sentence with the '=' symbol in it?
Help/tips for a first time writer?
Can a third-person narrator ask questions instead of the characters?
Shortening a title without changing its meaning
Avoiding the "not like other girls" trope?
Writing an interview in a screenplay
How to keep a dark protagonist who wants to keep his humanity dark?
How to compactly explain secondary and tertiary characters without resorting to stereotypes?
What percentage of Amazon ebook customers in the US are subscribers to Kindle Unlimited?
Is there a hemisphere-neutral way of specifying a season?
How to prevent "they're falling in love" trope
How can I incorporate poetry techniques to improve my prose?
How can I make an eldritch abomination out of humanity?
How do I attract readers?
Fleshing out the character motivation from the plot
Creating simple jokes
Poetry when unstructured?
Is there a "writer's room" for poetry?
Publishing Poetry
How to show that a character cares for another, but is also clumsy?
Vague vs Specific: When to provide motivation details for action in a story?
Making science for toddlers easy to remember
How to write about a homosexual relationship when I haven't experienced one?
Descriptive Writing
Relationship Problems
Can one be a co-translator of a book, if he does not know the language that the book is translated into?
Plain language with long required phrases
Do I have to pay royalties if I include excerpts from other works?
How to format a screenplay scene where the action alternates between 2 or more spots in an open space?
Which techniques maintain reader interest when the POV is a spectator? (Sports story as sidequest?)
Are submission services worth pursuing?
Does detail obscure or enhance action?
How to identify target audience? And how much details do I need to know about my perfect reader?
How is the monetary value of a single submission determined?
When translating slang heavy text is my slang translator a co-translator?
Creating character imagery without describing their physical looks
Including letters and other documents in a memoir
Why do most style guides miss out the 'degrees' when reporting temperature?
How to write about trauma I never experienced
Is elaborating the opposite case in brackets acceptable and clear?
Is it important to consider tone, melody, and musical form while writing a song?
Writing rule which states that two causes for the same superpower is bad writing
Is a tag line useful on a cover?
How many blank lines before scene headings (and secondary scene headings) using Amazon Storywriter
How do I create uniquely male characters?
How to choose an English proofreading and editing services for master thesis?
When blogging recipes, how can I support both readers who want the narrative/journey and ones who want the printer-friendly recipe?
Is Social Media Science Fiction?
How to create a consistent feel for character names in a fantasy setting?
What punctuation would you invent to solve your issues?
Characters based on Real People
Punctuating text messages with speaker tags in running copy
How to avoid drifting into a different genre?
A poker game description that does not feel gimmicky
In-text citations for a source with no page numbers
What benefits might there be to membership in a Writer's Guild?
If you're not a professional, what motivates you to keep writing?
The difference between dialogue marks
The concept of description and the structure of Mckee's view of story design
Is there a way to get historical sale details (specifically geographical areas) on a book?
Elongated vowel sounds
In third-person limited POV, what can be described?
Writing about oneself objectively
Podcast Transcripts: suggested collaborative tools?
Critique strategies to help improve someone's writing
How can I design a "rational" religion that eliminates faith as a requirement?
Correct punctuation for showing a character's confusion
How to create place names that feel like they belong to a culture?
How to handle characters who are more educated than the author?
Is there a writing software that you can sort scenes like slides in PowerPoint?
Translation of a Translation
Scientific Reports - Significant Figures
How is simplicity better than precision and clarity in prose?
Can the prologue be the backstory of your main character?
How can I make names more distinctive without making them longer?
What are the major weaknesses of Writing Excuses as a resourse for learning the craft?
How do I create a fictional cast of villains that remain memorable?
How do I record information when planning to write a recap of events?
How to write a good one paragraph synopsis for the snowflake method?
Can I include diagrams in essays for complex topics?
English words in a non-english sci-fi novel
How much episode recap is necessary in a tv-focused podcast?
How to format quick flashes in a screenplay?
Abandoning the Ordinary World
Are there certain keywords that Amazon expects one to use if one's genre fiction book contains sex scenes but doesn't really fall under erotica?
How can we make images with (necessary) text more translatable mechanically?
How should we plan for translations' space needs when designing diagrams that require text?
Do I really need to have a message in a novel to appeal to readers?
Can you use a semicolon to connect fragments that are one item in a vertical list?
Is it advisable to begin marketing a book before it is published?
Will a change in perspective "intimacy" confuse the reader?
What is the pen used by Francis Underwood (Kevin Spacey) to sign a document in House of Cards S02E13?
How to transition from poetry to song-writing?
What is a more techy Technical Writer job title that isn't cutesy or confusing?
How can I emphasize the horror of a ritual without getting too overly graphic?
How to name indistinguishable henchmen in a screenplay?
How can I introduce the names of fantasy creatures to the reader?
Protagonist's race is hidden - should I reveal it?
How to subtly portray a secret relationship
How to write Arabic in dialogue for an English piece?
How should 'a posteriori' and 'a priori' be used?
About sound effects
As an author, how can you ensure that your agent/publisher isn’t ripping you off by pocketing your money and giving you false info about sales?
Opening chapter foreshadowing or not?
How to "market" my podcast?
How do I write a long title in APA?
Comics marketing: focus on issues or collections?
Why is "Ser" used in Game of Thrones rather than "Sir"?
How to find the right literary agent in the USA?
How to avoid introduction cliches
Saying something reluctantly dialogue tag or 'said' synonym?
Can someone publish a story that happened to you?
Why is the standard screenplay format just plain ASCII? Why don't use LaTeX or Word?
Modern Markup for lengthy novel suited for self-publishing
Is it considered plagiarism if i take an item from another story and use it in my own?
How to creep the reader out with what seems like a normal person?
At what point does an interesting analogy become a distraction?
How to add individual citations or copyrights to an eBook?
Registering copyright as a "folio?"
What do I do if my story is too similar to another?
Is my book too weird to be published?
What are some effective ways to gain readers?
How to find the right publisher in the USA besides contacting literary agents?
Punctuating narration
Is it true that a great cover is enough to sell many copies of your book
How can I effectively research for a high-fantasy setting?
Tackling backstory while writing multiple POVs
Is it ok if some of my city names are the same as the ones in other books/series/video games/ pieces of work?
How should I write a VN using John Truby's 22 steps?
Can I self-publish a book on the Kindle store when I'm under 18?
If I have an idea for an animated series how do I write it out?
MLA citation within citation
Quoting Yourself
How do I make a contract with multiple authors
What matters more when it comes to book covers? Is it ‘professional quality’ or relevancy?
How to count the words in a figure or table?
How can I push a protagonist to a moral event horizon without making them a sympathetic Sue?
Is there something "wrong" with my writing? How do I improve it?
I have a unique character that I'm having a problem writing. He's a virus!
What effects do the different types of flashbacks produce?
What are the recommended sizes for a text box?
Is there any checklist for blog post before publishing it?
Do publishers care if submitted work has already been copyrighted?
Outlining A Novel - How do you make it less of a slog?
When an imagined world resembles or has similarities with a famous world
How to write the action of someone reading in a story? An example, please
Character Accents
What truly makes dark and morose storytelling effective?
Should a short story be submitted to a publisher in order to know if they would be interested in a book based on it?
How would you write dialog in a 1st person story?
Page count conversion from single to double-space for submissions
How can I generate paperback book from iBooks Author?
How do I copyright my own series?
How important are good looking people in a novel/story?
Picking a theme as a discovery writer
Citation of two authors with same surname using APA style
The unknown and unexplained in science fiction
"[x] minutes to read?" How do they calculate that?
Publishing in multiple languages
In a series of books, what happens after the coming of age?
Are wands in any sort of book going to be too much like Harry Potter?
Can I bring back Planetary Romance as a genre?
What source is this citation referencing?
Is there a need for better software for writers?
When do you stop "pushing" a book?
How do I improve my "impact" in writing?
Is every story set in the future "science fiction"?
Is it bad writing or bad story telling if first person narrative contains more information than the narrator knows?
Many sexual situations, but no actual sex scenes?
Does software exist to easily markup technical documents as audio scripts?
Shipping self-published books directly from Amazon to bookstores: bad idea?
How to invoke interest in readers for second part of story when first part is not so popular + old?
Does IDE-like writers' software exist?
How do I write a "take action" scene for a play?
Should I release my novel now... or miss a golden opportunity?
Having multiple epilogues
How can I answer high-school writing prompts without sounding weird and fake?
What are the components of a legend (in the sense of a tale, not a figure legend)?
End punctuation when using quotation marks
Is writing literary devices in a narrative essay (reflective) always good?
Are there any established rules for splitting books into parts, chapters, sections etc?
What are some good historical sources for writing medieval battles?
Changing titles, same story different angle
How do you "develop characters" using an event driven format?
How do I write gray vs grey stories?
How to continually and organically let my readers know what time it is in my story?
Seamlessly glueing an archetypal plot to an existing story
How to tell people you write smut/erotica/porn
How to write that a character waits a certain amount of time?
POV - 3rd Person Rules and Exceptions?
Copyright related issue on publishing a technical book?
How do you cope with rejection?
Can one start the second draft when the first lacks a proper ending?
An appropriate way to seek suicide resources (as an author)
Would using Real alphabets on fantasy maps/emblems make any sense?
Referring to a character in 3rd person when they have amnesia
How can you make up a convincing dialect?
Character had a different name in the past. Which name should I use in a flashback?
Should the audience be immediately aware of the reason for a flashback?
Does the word 'authored by' imply the non-existence of co-authors?
How to change the readers opinion of a character?
How to tease a romance without a cat and mouse chase?
Where is the line between a tough love character and a pure asshole?
How do we properly manage transitions within a descriptive section?
How do I write real-world stories separate from my country of origin?
Writing "hahaha" versus describing the laugh
How do you earn the reader's trust?
Cover image formatting for books published on Amazon?
How to deceive the MC
Foreign words break spellchecking
Introducing new terms (Acronyms and quoted)
Using too much dialogue?
What's wrong with impersonal and lifeless descriptions in a novel?
Are there specific rules about caesura that restrict us where we can place them?
Does a repository of analytical breakdowns of stories exist?
What weight should be given to writers groups critiques?
Writing style before Elements of Style
The art of clickbait captions
Is it possible to combine clichés/tropes to make it not a cliché?
Writing slurred speech
Sentence structure alternatives
Is there an online tool which supports shared writing?
Can I publish my novel as a 13 year old?
Who decides how to classify a novel?
Can monster/beasts be in a psychological horror
Am I a new writer?
Why is the construct "'hello' says Pete" most common?
Plot twist where the antagonist wins
Are these reasonable traits for someone with autism?
Any advice on creating fictional locations in real places when writing historical fiction?
What if neither the protagonist nor antagonist wins?
How to find different meanings behind metaphors used in speech writing?
How to make a villain fall in love?
What kind of metaphor is "trees in the wind"?
Using indents and line breaks together
Rebuttals in argumentative writing
Is it ok to put a subplot to a story that is never meant to contribute to the development of the main plot?
How do I subvert the tropes of a train heist?
20 Minutes into the Future - problem with setting the period
Can non-English-speaking characters use wordplay specific to English?
How is character development a major role in the plot of a story
How to turn a single narrative into a branching one?
How do you deal with an abrupt change in personality for a protagonist?
How to create a plot given theme and settings?
How to write a good moderator nomination post?
Lovesick Character Distracting Readers
How to detach yourself from a character you're going to kill?
How crucial is a waifu game storyline?
How to make the POV character sit on the sidelines without the reader getting bored
Where's the line between confident and upfront and being a jerk?
Software for Reading Playscripts?
What is the most important characteristic of New Weird as a genre?
Querying a book that already has public exposure on Wattpad. What do agents think of this?
How to write a vulnerable moment without it seeming cliche or mushy?
How do you quote a comic book?
Is there a term for this?
Adding depth to two-dimensional heroes from myths
What are the pros and cons of different media for short story publishing?
Writing a book review
How to provide realism without making readers think grimdark
Are these marketing hacks good for poetry websites?
How can I add depth to my story or how do I determine if my story already has depth?
In one book can one narrator be in present and the other in past?
I wrote a scene that the majority of my readers loved. How do I get back to that place while writing my new book?
When writing an error prompt, should we end the sentence with a exclamation mark or a dot?
How do I indicate a superfan review vs a social-criticism essay?
Avoiding cliches when writing gods
How do you build a story from a world?
How to make a setting relevant?
Should I "tell" my exposition or give it through dialogue?
How do I write "Show, Don't Tell" as a person with Asperger Syndrome?
When writing an error prompt, how do we tell the user the error happens in a specific tab?
What are the differences in writing a narrative between a CV and a resume?
Too eloquent characters
I have a dialogue that I can't write directly. What would be a good alternative?
How do you show, through your narration, a hard and uncaring world?
Grammar of, in dialogue, someone quickly negating a previous word?
What format should I use when beginning a chapter with the time and location of the events?
Helping my beta readers help me
How to build suspense or so to establish and justify xenophobia of characters in the eyes of the reader?
Different header numbering formats in a document
Is a professional editor worth the cost?
How can I represent independent individuals as part of a hive mind?
Motivation - or how can I get myself to do the work I know I need to?
Is a lack of character descriptions a problem?
Simultaneous querying to publishers and agents
How do I prevent my stories from feeling rushed?
How do I indicate that the next scene actually happens at the same time as the previous scene
Is it expected that a reader will skip parts of what you write?
Writing the dialogue of two travelers who dislike each other
How to trick the reader into thinking they're following a redshirt instead of the protagonist?
How can I make some of my chapters "come to life"?
Why am I getting a strange double quote (“) in Open Office instead of the ordinary one (")?
Exhaustive research vs artistic license?
How does re-posting someone else's article/column/blog work
Write a story based on characters from an old novel
How to convert dialogue in to paragraph?
Making money with narrating audiobooks from Germany
Is it offensive for a mixed raced American of no Japanese descent to use a Japanese pseudonym, merely just because they like it?
Is it okay to have a sequel start immediately after the end of the first book?
How to write a convincing religious myth?
In fiction, can I write about Downing College, Cambridge?
Possible location of impact injury?
In the Windows version of Scrivener for Screenplay formatting, how do format for action/dialogue/shot?
How to represent jealousy in a cute way?
Is it advisable to add a location heads-up when a scene changes in a novel?
How much web presence should I have?
Should I explain the reasons for gaslighting?
Should I write in a style that is more conducive to a situation I am describing or write it the way I normally write?
In what genre do you categorize a story that starts off normal but takes a very dark turn as it progresses?
Revision secrets for keeping the meter and improving the beat
Are there fiction ghostwriters who have gone on to become successful writers in their own right?
Does every chapter have to "blow the reader away" so to speak?
How do you transcribe a dialogue when abbreviations are used?
Co-branding a book with a website
Past vs. present tense when referring to a fictional character
Cover letter for an additional attachment
A flower's head or heart?
With an introduction by
Cover letter for supporting documents
Breaking dialogue with actions from another character
Indicating fill pieces in a script
Should we avoid "nonsensical" or "unclear" metaphors?
How do I become a better writer when I hate reading?
How can I radically time-jump for my epilogue well?
...and then she held the gun
Is there a prefix for 'old'?
Is it a bad idea to have a pen name with only an initial for a surname?
live or recorded
How to write a nice frame challenge?
Is a sequel allowed to start before the end of the first book?
Starting from future smoothing your way to present
In a stage play, how should the script refer to minor characters whose names are irrelevant?
Using published pictures for a book based on a true story
The who, when and where of what has been written
Should I include an appendix for inessential, yet related worldbuilding to my story?
How can I bring back a dead main character without cliches?
What are the indentation rules for the paragraph introducing a bulleted list?
How do we write a movie script with a view towards establishing all of the visual symbolisms and how they should be interpreted?
How to Write SEO friendly blog posts
When two first person POV characters meet
If I wouldn't want to read the story, is writing it still a good idea?
Good recess scene screenplay
How to help the reader wrestle through historical atrocities which would be considered normal to the POV character
In an academic paper, who should be listed as the author of a community-authored document?
how to make enemy of mc to fall in love with him?
Would it be a copyright violation if I made a character’s full name refer to a song?
Authorship when author leaves the organization that published the article?
Why do authors use variations on a character's name within a single story?
How can I showcase the dynamic relationship between two personalities?
Is starting In Media Res compatible with a Three-Act Structure?
What's the most humane form of ritual sacrifice?
When is it ok to add filler to a story?
Using “sparkling” as a diminutive of “spark” in a poem
How do I make a very short story powerful?
How can I convince my reader that I will not use a certain trope?
Am I allowed to use art (album covers) in my book?
How important is payoff?
How can I become better at formulating my feedback when critiquing a writer's work as beta reader?
MLA: Source Author has the same name as me
Averting Real Women Don’t Wear Dresses
How to positively portray high and mighty characters?
Can I use a slightly informal approach using words such as 'we' and 'you' in an English essay?
How to pick a proper pen-name for online writing?
Is using a different voice for protagonist's narration and dialogue ok?
Is it bad to describe a character long after their introduction?
Avoiding info-dumps when writing about amnesiacs
How can my story take place on Earth without referring to our existing cities and countries?
What is the art of designing names?
How do I tell the reader that my character is autistic in Fantasy?
How do we follow up a description within a descriptive text with another description?
What are some genuine sites for content writing?
Should fiction mention song names and iPods?
How to keep my ideas organized and respecting a timeline?
How can I write a panicked scene without it feeling like it was written in haste?
How to describe POV characters?
Is there a way to describe casting and costuming notes for a stage play?
How to plan length of a chapter?
Will writing actual numbers instead of writing them with letters affect readership?
How to plan the font size in a fiction?
Preferred word for "preferred", "target", "chosen" in end user support documentation
Alternatives to Second-Person POV Narration
How do I present a future free of gender stereotypes without being jarring or overpowering the narrative?
Can a successful book series let the bad guy win?
Can we dialoguify sounds?
What are the ramifications of a character sharing the same name as a famous and established character?
What tool will help me track sentences and paragraphs in resumes and cover letters so I can use this database to tailor new ones?
Can I use spoken English at some places over 'technically accurate English' in a general fiction?
How to cite a statistic from a website using APA?
What tense to use for events that are still happening?
How can I portray a resentful character without making them overtly angry?
Using my blog comments from other people in my book
Does it make sense to (partially) create a conlang that you don't intend to actually use in the story?
Any Tips On Writing Extended Recollection In A Novel
When should the dialogue reference be written, before or after the dialogue?
Citing a World Trade Organization (WTO) dispute in MLA?
Are there advantages in writing by hand over typing out a story?
What can a novel do that film and TV cannot?
Term for a character that only exists to be talked to
Is it bad to suddenly introduce another element to your fantasy world a good ways into the story?
Are there stylistic overlaps between novels and comic books?
How should I present a resort brochure in my general fiction?
What are some bad ways to subvert tropes?
How important is it for multiple POVs to run chronologically?
What exactly makes a story interesting? (philosophical)
What are some standards in naming a software/hardware version?
Sense of humor in your sci-fi stories
How to maintain sentence variety when writing a self description?
Is my Fantasy YA series idea interesting and unique?
I don't want to be introduced as a "Minority Novelist"
Tips on writing author bio
Why is it that when I get to the end of writing my book, I get discombobulated and want to give up?
Writing an ace/aro character?
What's the best way to publish a small anthology of poetry?
Is Masterclass worth it for a middle-grade author?
How do I apply Hemingway's dialogue techniques to my own writing?
What's it called when the bad guy gets eaten?
Is it stylistically sound to use onomatopoeic words?
How do we handle pauses in a dialogue?
How to build up towards a "Moment of Reckoning" when my story is told in the first person?
Software for developing a resource
Which masthead editor to address a cover letter to for a short fiction submission?
Do modern fiction writers adapt their style to the 21st century reader?
How to deal with moral/legal subjects in writing?
Is there any tool that gives us a list of verbs often used with a certain word?
In scientific writing, what is the protocol for shortening nouns?
Referring to different instances of the same character in time travel
How can one write good dialogue in a story without sounding wooden?
Can I use a TV sitcom name as part of my book title
When should a character refer his dad or someone close in third impersonal person?
Should you avoid redundant information after dialogue?
What's a moment that's more impactful on a reread called?
Is killing off one of my queer characters homophobic?
Using ”as” after dialogue tags
1st person addressing a narrator
Ambiguous sentences: How to tell when they need fixing?
What is a self expression article called?
How do I write a romance that doesn't look obvious
Need Android app for my memoir book
When to publish satire of current events?
When to finally reveal plot twist to characters?
How would you write the dialogues of two characters talking in a chat room?
I gave my characters names that are exactly like another book. Is it a problem?
Is there any good exhaustive resource for finding idioms by theme?
What effect does compounding bring when used in the title of a song, poem, story?
When to ask for constructive criticism?
Book on (character) voice
Is 7000 words too long for a chapter?
How can I efficiently write down my personal problems for further auto-analysis?
From reactive to proactive; When should the protagonist change tack?
Is straight-up writing someone's opinions telling?
How should one refer to knights (& dames) in academic writing?
Who has copyright of Amazon reviews?
Balancing setting, theme, and character arcs: how to deal with a setting that carries emotional weight but is left behind?
Is it okay for a chapter's POV to shift as it progresses?
How do I write a compelling villain-all-along twist?
what techniques or approaches can I use to explore distasteful concepts while also making them necessary?
How to not confuse readers with simultaneous events?
Firing Squad Escape Scene
Can I modify and turn my published short stories into a novel?
How to tell readers that I know my story is factually incorrect?
How important are the author's mood and feelings for writing a story?
Developing a dialogue that unexpectedly leads to strong feelings between two strangers
A thesaurus that detects rhyming
Citing secondary sources in Chicago style?
Term for future-tense technique that isn't exactly foreshadowing
Has anyone ever written a novel or short story composed of only dialogue?
Trivial non-dark twist in dark fantasy
Do I have to mention my main character's age?
Which tools are recommended for writing/authoring with?
Do we have to introduce the character's name before using their names in a dialogue tag?
How to copy an author's style?
Self-Publishing Chapters
Magic is the twist
Storyboarding Approaches for the Non-Artistic
Can we have too many dialogue tags and follow up actions?
Is an easily guessed plot twist a good plot twist?
What would be an interesting good deed for a character
Character Arcs - What if the character doesn't overcome the big lie, flaws or wounds?
Writing Longer Flashbacks
The seven story archetypes. Are they truly all of them?
Linux command line based Word Processors?
What language to write in for a beginner wanting to write fiction?
If you are beginner when it come to writing, should you be pantser? Or plotter?
How to write a sincerely religious protagonist without preaching or affirming or judging their worldview?
In a script how can I signal who's winning the argument?
Should I describe a character deeply before killing it?
How to write references?
Good ways to sort "rambly" notes?
Character is called by their first initial. How do I write it?
Illustrating time differences between "then" and "now" in flashbacks
How do I stop my characters falling in love?
Coulrophobia: the fear of clowns
How to avoid unconsciously copying the style of my favorite writer?
Books and resources to help me understand the rhetoric of other people's writings better
Would this character be classified as an antivillain, antihero, or something else entirely?
Thoroughly conveying my protagonist's thoughts and emotions
In-text Citations: Same Paragraph With 3-5 Authors
How to organize distinct topics in personal letters to friends and family?
Is a fighting a fallen friend with the help of a redeemed villain story too much for one book
Sci-fi change: Too much or Not enough
What is a good way to come up with original world building ideas?
Synopsis for a village full of characters
Building a scene and readability
Suggestions on fine-nibbed fountain pens that retain moisture well, or trouble-shooting of mine, which don't
How should I quote American English speakers in a British English essay?
Is it bad style if the personal first person narrator of a story dies during said story?
Will I get into trouble if I included some real life historical characters in my historical fiction / alternate history novel?
Averting Always Chaotic Evil
How do discovery writers hibernate?
How can I convert a linear narrative into a branching narrative?
How to foreshadow to avoid a 'deus ex machina'-construction
"Fewer errors means better products" or fewer errors mean better products."
What's the name of this type of "literary work"?
geographic description of coastal rock formation
Job description for my employment reference
Describing weighing an object in hand
How can I Include a verbatim passage in my fiction without plagiarizing it?
Scale: How to handle a personal story set in an epic war?
Should I include details relevant to a "close reading" in my thesis statement?
Would I be able to have my characters play "Dungeons and Dragons" in my book?
How do I sound like Thanos when I write?
Is this 'complex' metaphor an oxymoron?
What's the proper way of indicating that a car has reached its destination during a dialogue?
Does the use of a new concept require a prior definition?
Is the MC in first person singular always all knowing?
Should I take up a Creative Writing online course?
Is there a good resource on all different formatting and writing styles throughout history?
Are writing prompts copyright protected?
Subverting the essence of fictional and/or religious entities; is it acceptable?
How to make philosophical ideas more relatable?
Is it uncompelling to continue the story with lower stakes?
Is the first page of a novel really that important?
Iambs or Trochees in songwriting
Pronouns when writing from the point of view of a robot
How do I show and not tell a backstory?
How do I know when and if a character requires a backstory?
Technical term for written dialogue that mimics the speaker's "sound"?
Translating a song from other non-alphabet languages and counting syllables?
Multiple lines of dialogue and action from a single character
How do I compensate for lack of knowledge about foreign accents and takling styles?
In which language does the Russian mafiosi speak in my English novel?
How to introduce a character properly
Where to find primary sources for getting into historical character? (voicing)
What types of resources and primary sources are helpful for getting into historical character?
How to portray a character who has mood swings?
Should I self-publish my novella on Amazon or try my luck getting publishers?
What are good ways to improve as a writer other than writing courses?
Can we use other things than single-word verbs in our dialog tags?
English - Acceptable use of parentheses in an author's name
How to display a duet in lyrics?
Is it acceptable to punctuate and capitalize a dialogue tag like a separate sentence?
A pulse, a throb, and a beat
Reusing story title as chapter title
Device v. Appliance
Formatting a conversation
Author changing name
Modernized dialogue in fantasy - stylistically untrue or clever genre subversion?
Use of punctuation in song lyrics?
Can a fight scene, component-wise, be too complex and complicated?
Using quote as title - disadvantages
Literate Cherokee and English dialogue east of the Mississippi in the 1860s with a nineteenth century narrator
A torrent of foreign terms
How to describe accents?
How can I avoid copyright infringement and avoid getting sued?
Help, I cannot decide when to start the story
Ironic Juxtaposition or Antithesis?
Shifting tenses in the middle of narration
Why do most authors shed their LitRPG elements as the stories go? Is it a genre convention?
Is there a name for the technique in songs/poems, where the rhyming pattern primes the listener for a certain line, which never comes?
Writing a book in a non native language
(Self-)publishing a book using copyrighted material - adaptation for younger readers
Do I need to start off my book by describing the character's "normal world"?
How to tell if my writing is nonsense?
What's the point of writing that I know will never be used or read?
Name for rooms overlooking a castle's great hall
Does writing regular diary entries count as writing practice?
Avoiding episodic writing
Transitional sections
How to ask about the details of a job without making it sound like the employer is the one who needs you?
Ending a line of dialogue with "?!": Allowed or obnoxious?
How to deal with foreign language in dialogue?
What kind of name should a fantasy author go by?
Including a real event in a story
Do living authors still get paid royalties for their old work?
Where should question marks be put in fragmented lines of poems?
Is there such a thing as too inconvenient?
Technical specification for webservice (developers-oriented) - examples, methods & instruments
Is this kind of description not recommended?
Does each writer have a unique writing style?
My scenes seem too fast
Are illustrations in novels frowned upon?
How to organize ideas to start writing a novel?
Avoiding racist tropes in fantasy
How do we distinguish how a character pronounces a word and how it is spelled in a dialogue?
Author and Illustration owner
What's the word I'm looking for? Trying to describe a small but pretty village?
How to write disorientation with sensory overload?
Compelling story with the world as a villain
Lost my ‘magic’ concerning characters
Can "indignantly" be used in a situation where the person it's applied to is looking down on someone?
Point of View Confusion
Is it poor form to paraphrase well known authors in dialogue?
How could the disregard for both plot and dialogue tell the story?
Is it okay to switch between third-person and first-person perspective?
What should come first—characters or plot?
Can I say this about real countries in my fiction?
Is it alright to write the characters name when they are thinking?
Is it confusing to name a chapter after a non-POV character?
I am writing a professional email. I would like help working a sentence better
Should I stick with American terminology in my English set young adult book?
Autobiography vs Perspective
To what extent should we fear giving offense?
Anthropomorphic animals in romantic relationships with other species
How should I handle amnesia-based plot threads? (interesting vs cliché)
What is the expression you make trying not to smile?
Where to learn about torture?
Should I use the words "pyromancy" and "necromancy" even if they don't mean what people think they do?
Doubt about the difference between a "Beat" and a "Event"
How to write a non-fiction book?
Is having elaborate metaphors ever a bad thing?
How do I portray irrational anger in first person?
Introducing evil characters before the evil deeds take place
Do I need to change the title of my book because it is similar to the Transformers Universe?
Spicing up a moment of peace
Would it be better to write a trilogy over a much longer series?
Medieval Style Jokes/Comedy
Do people usually like the side characters more than the MC?
Don't look at what I did there
How does a person get an entry on Britannica, Encyclopedia.com etc.?
Is there any popular wisdom on the word "seem"?
Do I really need a platform to sell my novel?
How to differentiate between two people with the same name in a story?
Is it alright to add scenes that don’t move the plot forwards much but develop relationships/character?
Rapid change in character
How can I portray a character with no fear of death, without them sounding utterly bored?
Owning comic book characters
Using font to highlight a god's speech in dialogue
Doubt about a particular point of view on how to do character creation
How can I create deep personal stakes?
Doubt about the concept of "true (or complex) character"
Can I include personal experiences in nonfiction?
