How many points did the buccaneers need to tie in the first?
How many field goals did the Lions score?
How long was the Lion's longest field goal?
Who caught the touchdown for the fewest yard?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown scoring play?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game for Tampa Bay?
How many yards Hanson score with in the first?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many points were scored first?
How many games had the Bills won before this game?
Which team scored first?
Which team was losing at the half?
How many quarters  did Trent Edwards play?
How many points did Moss get at the end of the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest pass?
Who threw for more touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdowns did Randy Moss catch?
How many yards for a touchdown did randy moss catch?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw in the second quarter?
How many times did the Bills score in the game?
Which players scored exactly 8-yard touchdowns?
How many yards were all Brady's TD passes combined?
How many more touchdowns did the Patriots score than the Bills?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many years before Navarrase used the captivity of John II?
What did one of John II's replacements do in captivity?
How many years was the French crown at odds with Navarre before Charles V succeeded as king?
How many more inhabitants of Paris than sons of John II could be hostages held in lieu?
How many citizens from principal towns in France could be held as hostage in lieu of John II?
How many years passed betwwen the French dispute with Navarre and the leverage of the captivity of John II?
How many years after John II returned to captivity did he die?
John II died how many years after his son was taken hostage in English-held Calais?
Dauphin to try to seize power how many years before John II died in London?
How many groups were held hostage in lieu of John II?
How many years passed between the French being at odds with Navarre and the Navarrese attempting to seize power?
Was John in captivity when he died?
Who was king first, John II or Charles V?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Brétigny or the Battle of Cocherel?
At least how many people were held hostage in place of John II?
How many years did John II live after returning to captivity in Ingland in 1362?
How many more people were there than families?
How many percentage points more do German people make up of the population than Irish?
How many percentage points more do Irish people make up of the population than Italian?
How many more housing units were there than houses?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent were not  American?
How many percent were not  Polish?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent were not  American?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
Which group from the census is larger: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: German or Italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Italian?
Which group from the census is larger: German or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or English?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent were not Polish?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which group from the census is larger: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: German or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or English?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not  Irish
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not  American?
How many percent were not  Polish?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many more households are there than families?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent were not Polish?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which ancestral group is larger: German or Irish?
Which ancestral group is smaller: German or Irish?
Which ancestral group is larger: German or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: German or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
What happened first: intermittent invasion of Goryeo or fleeing of king to Ganghwa Island?
What happened second: intermittent invasion of Goryeo or fleeing of king to Ganghwa Island?
Who helped the Crown Prince to replace King Wonjong, Im Yeon or Mongol force?
How many Mongol prefectures were established due to the rebellion in 1258?
Which was successful in 1258, Choe Ui or  Kim Jun?
How many points did each team have at halftime?
How long was the last touchdown?
How many yards was the first TD pass?
Which QB had the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
How many first half touchdowns did the Chiefs score?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the game winning touchdown pass?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Leon Washington score?
Who scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which team scored during the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored from passes in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
What all touchdowns did Tyler Thigpen make?
How many yards difference was Brett Favre’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Who scored on the longest touchdown play of the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tyler Thigpen throw in the first half?
How long were each of Tyler Thigpen's touchdown passes?
How many total yards did Tyler Thigpen throw for touchdowns?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored touchdowns running and receiving?
how short was the shortest touchdown pass
which player scored the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Philip Rivers throw in the first quarter?
Who had the most receiving yards?
How many yards was Kaeding's fourth quarter field goal?
How many yards was the Chiefs longest touchdown?
Who lost to Petrova in the Australian Open?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring 10-yards or shorter in length?
Which receiver scored the third shortest touchdown of the game?
Which running back score the longest touchdown reception of the game?
What distance were each of Nate Kaeding's field goals?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for on touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Philip Rivers?
Which player scored a special teams touchdown?
how many points did new orleans defeat tampa by?
What was the final score?
How many receptions did Adam Humphries receive?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Saints win by?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns?
Which player caught two touchdowns in the game?
How long was Jason Witten's touchdown?
How many points were the Cowboy's trailing at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Garrard throw?
How many yards difference was David Garrard's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards difference was David Garrard's third touchdown pass compared to his fourth?
Which player had the longest score of the first quarter?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
What was the shortest TD pass of the third quarter?
Which team scored the least points in the first half?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
Which player scored the last points for the Jaguars?
Which team failed to score in the third quarter?
Which quarter were the most points scored?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which team did Kitna play for?
Which player caught the longest TD pass?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Who caught the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was  Marcedes Lewis's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in between 1 and 11 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 11 yards?
How many yards were David Garrard's touchdown passes on average?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
Which players scored rushing touchdowns?
In what quarter did David Garrard throw his third longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference is there between David Garrard's longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was David Garrard's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total yards did David Garrard throw for touchdowns?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
Which player had the second most number of touchdown passes?
Which players made at least one field goal?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, David Garrard or Jon Kitna?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 25 yards were made?
How many total yards of TD passes were made from over 10 yards?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Miller and the yards of the TD pass to Ward?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to MillerTD and the yards of the TD run by Mendenhall?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Miller and the yards of the TD pass to Vickers?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Ward and the yards of the TD run by Mendenhall?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Mendenhall and the yards of the TD pass to Vickers?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
How many yards was the games longest TD?
How many field goals did Reed kick?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed kick?
What team did the lions lose to the previous week?
Which team scored first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Was the shortest touchdown from a pass or a run?
How many wins did the Steelers have before this game?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes thrown in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's second field goal compared to his first?
Which team does Nick Novak play for?
Which team won the game?
How many years span these events?
What event happened later, Ottoman forces defeating Momchil's army, or the Turks marching from Asian Minor to devastate Bulgarian territories?
How many wars were there?
When did the war with the Momchis end?
How many years passed from when Momchil ruled the Aegean regions to when they were defeated by the Ottoman?
Which two armies did Momchil defeat in 1344?
Which two groups experienced defeat in 1345?
In defeating armies, which did Momchil defeat second in 1344?
When did the first success of a defeat happen for Momchil?
When did Momchil defeat the Ottoman fleet near the Portogalos bay?
How many months after the Turks led by Umur Beg marched from Asia Minor did Ottoman forces under Umur Beg defeat Momchil's army in the battle of Peritor?
When did Momchil die?
Who was the Ravens leading rusher?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did both teams kick before halftime?
How many more yards was John Kasay second field goal over his first?
How many yards did John Kasay kick and make for field goals in the game?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal over his shortest field goal?
How many total yards in field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many total yards in field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
Which players kicked field goals of less than 30 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did John Kasay make?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's second field goal over his first one?
How many yards difference exists between John Kasay's longest and shortest field goal?
Which player made field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns?
How many times have the Bears played the Packers?
How many yards did McCown throw for against Green Bay?
How many points did the Bears have at the end of the first half?
How many points did Green Bay have at the end of the first half?
How many points did Green Bay average per game?
How many touchdowns did Josh McCown throw for in 2011 against Green Bay?
How many interceptions did Josh McCown throw for in 2011 against Green Bay?
How many points did Chicago average per game?
How long was Robbie Gould's field goal to end the first half?
Who scored the TD on Chicago's opening drive?
How many passes did McCown attempt?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
What player threw the pass that was intercepted to clinch the win for the team that Earl Thomas is on?
How many point lead did the Seahawks start the game with?
Which team won this game.
How many total yards were kicked by Olindo Mare?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Leon Washington's first kickoff return touchdown compared to his second?
Which quarterback threw fewer touchdown passes?
How many kickoff return touchdowns shorter than 100-yards did Leon Washington score?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers' second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers' second touchdown pass compared to Matt Hasselbeck's touchdown pass?
Which kicker kicked the shortest field goal?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's field goal compared to both of  Olindo Mare's field goals?
How many yards total did Leon Washington cover on both of his kickoff return touchdowns combined?
What all field goals did Olindo Mare make?
How many total yards did Olindo Mare kick for field goals?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Philip Rivers?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers touchdown pass to Antonio Gates than Malcolm Floyd?
How many losses do the Lions have?
How many points were the latter at the end of the game?
Which team got on the board first?
How many points did the 49ers score before the half?
Which team had a safety scored on them in the first half??
Which team had the least points at the half?
How many losses did the Lions have coming into this game?
Which team scored the most points?
How many field goals were kicked in the third quarter?
how many yards did pettigrew catch?
how many yards did gore run?
how many yards did detroit score
how many yards did the 49ers get?
how many yards did san Francisco get?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
Which player scored a safety?
How many yards were each of Hanson's field goals?
Who did the Rams loose to in the previous game?
Who is the kicker that made a 41 yard field goal?
Which team lost to the Chargers in week 8?
How many losses did the Rams have in week 8?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Which team lost to the Chargers in week 8?
Which player scored the second points of the game?
Which player scored the  last TD of the game?
How many yards was the second-longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the longest field goal kick of the game?
Which team scored the second-longest field goal kick of the game?
How many yards were there between the longest and second-longest field goal kicks of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total field goal yards were kicked in the first half?
Which players scored field goal kicks in the first half?
How many plays during the game were under 5 yards?
How many plays in the first half were less than 5 yards long?
Were there more plays shorter than 5 yards in the first half or the second half of the game?
How many total yards resulted in a score during the first quarter?
How many total yards were played in the fourth quarter that resulted in a score?
In which quarter did Tony Gonzalez score?
Which players scored more than once during the game?
How many yards was the second longest field goal of the first half?
Who caught the most touchdown passes in the first half?
How many yards longer was Tony Gonzalez's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards were the two shortest touchdowns of the first half?
Who scored the two shortest touchdowns of the first half?
How many second half scores were there?
How many first quarter scoring drives were there?
Which team scored fewer points in the 1st quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady have in total?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the only rushing touchdown?
How many different receivers caught a touchdown pass from Tom Brady?
How many games have the Patriots won this season?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team won the game, Patriots or Packers?
What was inadequate?
Why was the draft universal?
What did the Selective Draft Law Cases hold?
How many people was the gap in the target and the number of volunteers who enlisted?
How many years was it between when radicals and anarchists challenged a draft law and when Eugene Debs ran for president?
How many more men were registered in 1918 than 1917?
How many years after conscription began did Eugene Debs run for president?
What happened first, the Selective Draft Law Cases or Eugene Debs' run for president?
What was the difference between the role of blacks and whites in the draft?
What were some of the most radical forms of resistance against the draft?
What was increased during conscription to reach 24 million registered men?
What race was drafted in smaller numbers, black or white?
What high profile person imprisoned for "obstructing the recruitment or enlistment service?"
How many more million men were registered in the military in 1918 than there were in 1917?
How many more whites were drafted than blacks?
How many times did the Browns lose opening games in a row?
Which player scored last during the first half?
How many points did each team score in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Jesse James catch?
Which player had the longest touchdown play of the first half?
Which player caught a touchdown in both halfs?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first half compared to the second half?
How many points did the Browns need to win this game?
Which team does Britton Colquitt play for?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
How many season openers have the Browns played since 1999?
Which player scored the fist points of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the first half?
Which team allowed the fewest fist half points?
Which team scored on the first punt block of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many total points were scored?
Which happened first, the Russo-Crimean War, or the Battle of Molodi?
Which event occurred first, the invasion of Russia by small war parties or the burning of Ryazan?
How many captives were taken when the Tartars raided southern Muscovy?
What happened first: the burning of Ryazan or Russo-Crimean War?
What happened second: the burning of Ryazan or Russo-Crimean War?
What happened first: Battle of Molodi or release of 15,000 captives by Nogais?
What happened second: Battle of Molodi or release of 15,000 captives by Nogais?
Which happened first, the burning of Ryazan, or the start of the Russo-Crimean War?
How many years passed between the Raid reaching Moscow and the burning of the suburbs of Moscow?
How many years passed from the burning of Moscow suburbs until the Nogai raids withing sight of Moscow?
How had more troops raid Kozlov, the Tatars or the Cossacks?
How many more troops did the Tatars have than the Cossacks when they raided Kozlov?
What war started first: Russo-Crimean War or Smolensk War?
What war started last: Russo-Crimean War or Smolensk War?
What was burned first: Ryazan or suburbs of Moscow?
What was burned last: Ryazan or suburbs of Moscow?
What was burned first: city of Ryazan or suburbs of Moscow?
What was burned last: city of Ryazan or suburbs of Moscow?
What war started first: Russo-Crimean War or Smolensk War?
What war started last: Russo-Crimean War or Smolensk War?
Which happened first, the Russo-Crimean War, or the Nogai raids?
How many years after the burning of Ryazan did the Battle of Molodi occur?
What was created in 1621 and why?
Who was unable to harvest sugar, and until when?
What was the Republic's reaction to quick, simple additions in the East?
How many years between the Dutch invasion in 1624 of the state of Brazil and the return which resulted in the establishment of New Holland?
What were the only safe areas for the Dutch to harvest sugar?
How many years separated the Portuguese fighting back two Dutch attacks on Bahia and the Dutch taking control of Brazil between Maranhão and Sergipe in the south?
How many years after their defeat in Brazil did the Dutch return?
How many years after the Dutch returned to Brazil did the Portuguese continue to attack and prevent the Dutch from harvesting sugar?
How many years after he Geoctroyeerde Westindische Compagnie was created to take control of the sugar trade and colonise America did the Dutch invasion begin with the conquest of the capital of the State of Brazil?
How many years after the Dutch captured Olinda were the Dutch unable to harvest sugar due to the Portuguese guerrilla attacks?
How many days had passed from when SCDOT announced its preferred routing of I-73 between Myrtle Beach and Interstate 95 in South Carolina until alternative corridors were formally announced to the public?
How many days had passed from when The North Carolina Department of Transportation and South Carolina Department of Transportation Carolina departments of transportation previously agreed to an I-73 corridor crossing the state line along SC and NC 38 near Hamlet, North Carolina until SCDOT announced its preferred routing of I-73 between Myrtle Beach and Interstate 95 in South Carolina?
How many days after SCDOT announced its preferred routing of I-73 between Myrtle Beach and Interstate 95 in South Carolina were alternative corridors formally announced to the public at a meeting in Bennettsville, South Carolina?
how many yards did gore score the first half?
how many yards did gore catch?
How many interceptions were there in total?
Which player had a fumble in the third quarter, Alex Smith or Jon Kitna?
How many fumbles did the game have in total?
How many points did the 49ers lead by at halftime?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney kick?
Which player had a touchdown before halftime?
How many yards did Frank Gore have in the first half on runs other than his touchdown run?
How many TD passes did Stafford throw other than to Jhonson?
How many games did Eagles play in this season?
How many touchdowns did Stafford throw to players other then Calvin Johnson?
Which team scored 45 points?
How many points were the eagles behind
Who is the Panther's Field Goal Kicker?
Who is the Panthers quarterback?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Carolina defeat San Francisco by?
How many field goals did Graham Gano have in the first half of the game?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the first half?
How many field goals did the Panthers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gano kick in total?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half?
How many more points did the Panthers score in the second quarter?
How many points did Carolina win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which player scored more field goals, Graham Gano  or Robbie Gould?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
What was Ravens' score at their first lead of the game?
Wich team won the game?
Who had more touchdowns Crabtree or Carr?
How many more points did Raiders score at the end?
How many points were scored in the second half?
Which team got the first TD?
How many touchdowns did Crabtree catch?
How many yards of offense did Baltimore have?
How many points did Oakland win by?
Which player scored the TD that gave Baltimore their first lead?
How many straight wins was this game for the Raiders?
Which team was losing at halftime?
Which quarterback had the shortest touchdown?
How many points did Baltimore score in the first half?
How many touchdown runs did the Ravens have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run by the Ravens?
Who caught a 52 yard pass?
Which player scored the longer touchdown out of the third and fourth touchdowns scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many more touchdowns did Michael Crabtree have compared to Steve Smith Sr.?
How many total yards were scored on rushing touchdowns?
Which player scored the shortest rushing touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Raisers win the game by?
How many more total yards did the Raiders give up compared to Derek Carr's passing yards?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Raiders win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Raiders leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many field goals did the Bear's get in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the fourth quarter?
How many scoring plays were there in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many yards was Robbie Gould's longest field goal?
Which team did the Broncos lose to in week 12?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
What was the shortest field goal?
Which team lost the game?
How many TDs did the Giants score in the fourth quarter?
how many yards did grossman complete?
how many yards did gould kick?
how many yards did gould get for the field goal?
how many yards did chicago increase the lead?
how many yards did manning complete?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
How many points were scored in total by the end of the first quarter?
How many total victories did the Bears have after this win?
How many touchdown passes did Cutler throw?
How many yards did the longest passing touchdown go for?
How many points did Robbie Gould score?
In which quarter did Jacksonville score their first points?
How many points did the Jaguars lose by?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the second half?
How many points did the Bears score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Bears score in the fourth quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How long was Josh Scobee field goal?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's first field goal than Josh Scobee's first field goal?
How many passes did Jay Cutler make to Brandon Marshall?
How many more percentage points in India's economy is Basmati rice over their agricultural exports?
How many more percentage points are cars over motor bikes in India's economy?
What rank does Faribad have for fastest growth in India?
What rank does Gurugram hold for growth rate for livability?
What good was most exported?
What two industries had 60% exports?
Does India produce a higher percentage of cars, motorbikes, or tractors?
Which modes of transportation produced in India make up more than 50% of exports?
In which economic areas is Gurugram listed in second place?
How many years after the fortifications were built were they levelled by Parliment?
How many months did it take them to build The Lines of Communication?
How many years did the fortifications last?
How many years did it take after being commissioned in 1642 before The Lines of Communication failed their only test and were leveled by Parliament.
How many years was the Lines of Communications built around London?
How many years after completing the fortification around the city did the fortifications fail and were leveled?
How many years did it take to complete the fortification after they were initially commissioned?
How many years after the fortifications were completed were they leveled by Parliament?
How many years after major fortifications were build around the city, were they levelled by Parliament?
Who were the fortifications constructed to keep out?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Akers' longest field goal?
Which team only scored one touchdown?
How many touchdown passing yards did Donovan McNabb have in total?
How long was the longest field goal?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Akers kick?
From what yard line did David Akers kick two field goals?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did David Akers kick?
How many field goals shorter than 25 yards did David Akers kick?
Which team beat the 49ers in week 8?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Which team led at the end of the first quarter?
Which team was behind at the half?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the fourth quarter?
Which team went scoreless in the fourth quarter?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many more people lived in Kabuls by 1878 compared to 1700?
How many more people lived in Kabuls by 1940 compared to 1700?
How many more people lived in Kabuls by 1979 compared to 1940?
How many years after one source claimed the population of Kabuls was 337,715 in 1976, did it ride to about 1.5 million?
How many total years did  the growing population of Kabuls fourfold?
How many people did the population of Kabul increasy by between 1700 and 1979?
How many more people were in the population in 1940 than in 1878 and 1700?
How many more people were there estimated to be in 1979 than in 1976?
How many more people were estimated to be in the population in 1979 than in all prior years combined?
How many total people were there in the population for all five estimates from 1700 to 1979?
Were there more people in the population in 1988 or in all years from 1700 to 1979 combined?
How many years did it take for the population to grow four-fold?
Who won the coin toss in the monday night game between the Patriots and the Broncos?
How many times did the Broncos turn the ball over?
What type of injury did Champ Bailey have?
What play did Jay Cutler get injured?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which happened first, the October Revolution or the Kiev Uprising?
Which happened first, the declaration of Ukrainian independence, or the alliance of the Bolsheviks and Makhno?
What happened later, the Red Guards entering the capital, or the declaration of independence in the Ukraine?
Which occurred first, the Kiev Uprising or the Red Guards entered the capital
How many months had passed from when the Kiev Uprising began to when Rada declared Ukrainian independence
How many days passed between the declaration of Ukrainian independence and the Red Guards taking the capital?
With one exception which forces did the Russian Imperial Troops join following the conflict?
What happened first: the Kiev Uprising or Ukrainian's independence?
How many years passed between the Kiev Uprising and Ukrainian's independence?
Which event occurred first, the Kiev Uprising or Ukrainian's independence?
How many days after the Rada declared Ukrainian independence did the Red Guards enter the capital?
How many cities did the Bolsheviks overrun?
How many towns did the Romanians take over?
Between British blockading of French ports in 1755 and formal declarations of war in the following spring, how many years separated these events?
How many years after Admiral Edward Boscawn fired on the French Ship Alicide was war declared
What happened first, blockade on the French ports or firing on Alcide
How many months were there between the blockade on the French ports and Admiral firing on Alcide
How many years did it take to the eventual declarations of war?
Which event happened first, declarations of war or King Louis XV dispatching the regiments?
How many months after the British sent their fleet to block French ports did Admiral Edward Boscawen fire on the French Ship Alcide?
What was the King's response for the leaked military plans?
How many years was it between when the British sent out their fleet and war was declared?
Which happened first, the negotiations, or the Duke of Newcastle sending an army expedition to dislodge the French?
What happened first, the leak of British military plans to the French, or Braddock's departure for North America?
What happened last, the sailing of the French fleet, or the arrival of the British fleet?
How many months passed between the British sending out their fleet and the British firing on the ship Alcide?
How many years were there between the dispatch of regiments to New France and the formal declaration of war?
How many total ships did Boscawen capture on June 8 1755?
Did Josh Freeman throw more touchdowns or interceptions?
Who caught a longer touchdown pass, Vincent Jackson or Dallas Clark?
How many yards longer was Vincent Jackson's touchdown pass compared to Nate Byham's?
Who ran for more yards, Buccaneers or Panthers?
What all touchdowns did Josh Freeman throw?
How many more yards did Doug Martin rush than Carolina?
How many yards difference was Josh Freeman’s second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the final points of the fourth quarter?
How many more touchdowns did Freeman throw than interceptions?
Which happened first, the Battle of Velbazhd or the alienation of many nobles?
What happened first, the advisors turning Uroš III against his son, or the army being sent into Skadar?
Where did Dušan go first, across the Bojana, or to Nerodimlje?
How many months after concluding peace did Uroš III surrender?
How many weeks after Uroš III surrendered was Dušan crowned King?
How many months passed from when Ivan Stephen and Anna Neda were deposed until Dušan became king?
How many months after Dušan was crowned king was the peace alliance made between him and Byzantium?
What happened first, victory at Battle of Velbazhd, or Uroš III's decision not to attack the Byzantines?
How many months passed between the concluding of peace and the surrender of Uroš III?
Who was king later, Uroš III or Dušan?
How many weeks after Uroš III surrendered did Dušan become king?
What happened first, the civil war, or Dušan becoming king?
How many months after being crowned king did Dušan make an alliance and accept Ivan Alexander as ruler?
What was the former month that Spanish forces led a campaign against the Portuguese in Uruguay and South Brazil?
What was the latter month that Spanish forces led a campaign against the Portuguese in Uruguay and South Brazil?
What was the former 1/10 of a decade that Spanish forces led a campaign against the Portuguese in Uruguay and South Brazil?
What was the latter 1/10 of a decade that Spanish forces led a campaign against the Portuguese in Uruguay and South Brazil?
What was the starting year of the "Continent of S. Peter" was to be retaken from the Spanish army?
What was the last year of the "Continent of S. Peter" was to be retaken from the Spanish army?
Which event happened first, when the Spaniards conquered the Portuguese territory of Colonia do Sacramento or when the Portuguese conquered the Rio Negro valley?
Which events had to happen due to the Treaty of Paris, South Brazil colonies had to be returned to Portugal or Spain had to return to Sacramento?
How many other localities of colonial Chile were also made ready for English attack?
How many years did the Hispanio-Portuguese war 1763-1777 last?
How many years did the Hispano-Portuguese war last?
How many years did it take the Portuguese from Spain the Rio Negro Valley?
How many years did the campaign against the Portuguese and the Hispano-Portuguese war ?
How many months did the Spanish campaign against the Portuguese in Uruguay and South Brazil last?
How many colonies did Portugal ge back in the Treaty of Paris?
How many years did the Hispano-Portuguese war last?
How many years from the start of the Hispano-Portuguese war did the Spanish reinforce the Valdivian Fort System?
Over how many months did the Spanish forces led by don Pedro Antonio de Cevallos undertake a campaign against the Portugese in Uruguay and South Brazil?
For how many years did the undelcared Hispano-Portuguese war occur?
How many total years did the Hispano-Portuguese war last for?
How many total territories were considered vulnerable localities of colonial Chile?
How many percent of the county population were not under the age of 18?
How many percent of the county population were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent of the county population were not 25 to 44?
How many percent of the county population were not 45 to 64?
How many percent of the county population were not 65 years or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females 18 and over per 100 were there than males?
Which group had the most amount of people?
Which group had the second least amount of people?
Which group had the 2nd most amount of people?
How many percent of the population was over the age of 18 in the county?
For every 100 females, how many fewer males were there?
For every 100 females age 18 and over, how many fewer males were there?
How many percent of the population was under the age of 65?
Which groups in percent are larger than 17%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 18%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 23%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which groups in percent are larger than 20%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 19%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old was the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
What area did the Sipahi guard?
Who besieged Belgrade?
Which section of the troops were not heavily composed of infantry units?
Which event happened first, the siege, or Hunyadi assembling his forces?
Which people were arrayed on the right wing?
What happened first, the arrival of Mehmed II's army, or the assembly of Hunyadi's forces?
How many days after Mehmed starting bombarding the city walls did the seige begin?
Did Mehmed have more cannons or river war vessels?
How many more cannons did Mehmed have than river war vessels?
How many more cannons did he have than river war vessels?
How many days after Mehmed bombard the city's walls did the siege begin?
How many field goals were made from a distance of more than 40 yards?
How many field goals from a distance of over 40 yards were made?
How many field goals over 40 yards were converted?
How many field goal kicks were missed during the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passes did Steve Breaston receive?
How many quarters did the Bears score in?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
How many passes did Greg Olsen receive?
Who threw the final touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game,Larry Fitzgerald or Steve Breaston?
How many touchdown passes over 11 yards did Kurt Warner throw?
How many total yards did Kurt Warner throw for touchdowns?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Kurt Warner?
How many points did the Bears score in the third quarter?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more did Rackers make?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 20 yards?
Which players caught touchdown passes between 14 and 18 yards?
Which playe scored three touchdowns?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown compared with the shortest touchdown?
How many more touchdowns did Warner throw than Cutler?
How many interceptions did Jeff Garcia throw in this game?
Who is Jacksonville's backup quarterback?
Which Tampa Bay player scored their first points for the team?
How many turnovers did the Jaguars have in the third quarter?
How many interceptions did Jeff Garcia throw?
Which quarterback had more turnovers?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many more interceptions than touchdowns did Garcia throw?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many more interceptions than touchdowns did Garcia throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many years did the regions remain in revolt after the Treaty of Fez?
How many years spanned when the conquest of Morocco occurred?
How many years after the French conquest or Morocco took place did the Treaty of Fez get signed?
How many years after the Treaty of Fez was signed was Morocco delcared to be pacified?
How many months after the Treaty of Fez was signed did the Moroccan infantrymen mutiny in the French garrison in Fez?
In what year did the last aftermath of the conquest of Morocco occur?
How many years after the French conquest of Morocco took place did Sultan Abdelhafid sign the Treaty of Fez, formally ceding Moroccan sovereignty to France?
For how many years were some regions still in revolt after the signing of the Treaty of Fez?
Was the French Authority maintained by military strength or cooperation with local chiefs?
How many years did the aftermath conquest of Morocco occur?
How many interceptions were there?
How many passes did Jay cutler attempt?
Who caught Sam Bradford's fourth quarter deflected pass?
How many sacks did the Rams give up?
How many sacks did the Bears have?
How many interceptions did Cutler throw?
How many sacks do the Bears have this season?
How many yards was the longest recorded field goal in Solider Field history?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler record?
what was the longest field goal
how many time did rams get sacked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many passes did Cutler complete?
How many passes did Jay Cutler not complete?
How many of the Bear's sacks that season didn't come from the game against the Rams?
How many touchdowns did both quarterbacks have?
Which Bronco had the first fumble recovery of the game?
How many points did the Redskins beat the 2007 Detroit Lions by?
How many games did the redskins play at the halfway mark of the 2007 season?
What day did Sean Taylor die?
How many points did the Redskins have against the 2007 Buffalo Bills at halftime?
How many total games did the Redskins play during the 2007 regular season?
How many more wins did the Redskins have compared to loses in the 2007 regular season?
How many points did the Redskins beat the New York Giants by on NBC Sunday Night Football in 2007?
How many more wins compared to loses did the Redskins have at the halfway mark of the season?
How many points did the Bills win by against the Redskins?
How many points did the Redskins defeat the Giants by on NBC Sunday Night Football?
How many games did the Redskins play in the 2007 season?
On what date did Redskins superstar Sean Taylor die?
How many points did the Buffalo Bills win by against the Redskins in the 2007 season?
What did Joe Gibbs attempt to do twice that ultimately caused his team to lose the game against the Bills?
What penalty caused the field goal at the end of the Redskins Bills game to be reduced by 15 yards?
How many games had the Redskins lost in the 2007 season when they got the final playoff spot in the 2007-08 NFL playoffs?
How many points did the Redskins beat the Lions by?
How many points were the Redskins ahead by at halftime against the Buffalo Bills?
After Coach Gibbs got a penalty, how many less yards did Lindell have to kick the ball?
How many games did the Redskins win in their first 8 games of the 2007 NFL season?
How many games did the Redskins lose in their first 8 games of the 2007 NFL season?
How many more points did the Redskins score compared to the Giants?
How many games did the Redskins lose by the end of the regular season?
How many different years are mentioned on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska monument?
How many total dates are mentioned on the monument Tym co za Polskość Gdańska?
How many years after the population of Gdańsk was massacared was a momument errected to commemorate the event?
How many dates are mentioned on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska?
How many dates are present on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska monument?
How many years does the first date on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska monument span from the last date mentioned?
How many wars relate to the date of 1308 on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska monument?
How many years after the population of Gdańsk was massacred did Polish city authorities dedicate a monument commemorating those killed?
How many years are written on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska?
How many years is the time span between the first year and the second year written on Tym co za Polskość Gdańska?
What three events do the dates written on the Tym co za Polskość Gdańska signify?
How many dates are mentioned on the monument?
Who massacred the population of Gdańsk?
What were the years of the two massacres that the monument commemorated?
Who got a 47-yard field goal?
How many points did Denver lead by at halftime?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team returned an interception for a touchdown?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Who scored the last points?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many games behind first place in the division were the Bears?
How many turnovers did the bears lose in their last 5 games?
Which region in Thailand had the highest percentage of people living in poverty, the North or the South?
How many percent of Thailands population is not leaving in either poverty or near poor conditions?
Which regions had more that 12% of their population considered poor?
Which region had the smallest percentage of people considered poor?
How many percent of Thailands population is considered to above the "near poor" level?
Which region had the lowest percentage of poor?
Which regions had more that 10% of their population considered poor?
How many million people are "near poor?"
Which area had the lowest percentage of people who were considered poor relative to the total population?
Which area had the highest percentage of the population that was poor relative to the total population?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many points were the Ravens trailing by at half time?
How many yards was the first field goal?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Gostkowski make?
Who was the winning quarterback?
How many touchdown passes under 20 yards were completed?
Which player had the shortest touchdown score of the game?
How many field goals over 30 yards were completed?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brady or Flacco?
Who caught the longest touchdown receptino of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the second half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the second half?
How many years did the Lithuanian Civil War last?
How many years after Vytautas the Great was it before the Lithuanian Civil War occured?
The the Polish-Teutonic War happen before or after the start of the Lithuanian Civl War?
How many years after Švitrigaila's defeat at the Battle of Pabaiskas was it before he surrendered?
How many years did Kęstutaitis rule after the end of the Civil War before he was assassinated?
How many years after the death of Vytautas the Great did the Lithuanian Civil War begin?
How many years did the Lithuanian Civil War last?
How many years after the coup in 1432 were Švitrigaila and the Teutonic Knights defeated?
How many years after his decisive defeat did Švitrigaila finally surrender?
How many years after the surrender of Švitrigaila was Sigismund Kęstutaitis assassinated?
How many years did Sigismund rule, after his coup in 1432?
How many years did the Lithuanian Civil War last?
How many years after Vytautas the Great died did the Lithuanian Civil War start?
What event threatened the Union of Krewo?
How many years did the Lithuanian Civil War span?
Who was feuding over the throne of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
What two groups backed the feuding parties of the Lithuanian Civil War?
Who lost the civil war?
How many years after defeat did it take for Švitrigaila to surrender?
How many more yards was Fortes TD run in the second quarter compared to the one he made in the first quarter
How many times did the Bears score in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked?
What was Matt Forte's longest touchdown run?
Which two players both kicked 43-yard field goal?
How many more yards was Gould's first field goal over his second one?
How many more yards was Forte's longest TD run over his shortest one?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown than the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
How many touchdowns did Chicago score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Matt Forte have before halftime?
How many yards was Matt Forte's longest touchdown?
How many more yards was Gould's first field goal compared to his second?
How many field goals were there for 43 yards?
What all field goals did Gould make?
How many total yards did Gould kick for field goals?
How many more total yards for field goals did Gould make than Brown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run of the first half?
How many field goals were missed during the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
What player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored after halftime?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
How many field goals of over 30 yards were there?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many yards in field goals did Santos have in the game?
Who made the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest rushing touchdown?
Which kicker kicked a 23 yard field goal?
Which team trailed by at least 10 points?
How many factors killed 88% of the Maya?
Which killed more Mayans, disease or war?
Which happened first, the rebellion against the Spanish, or the abandonment of most mission towns?
How many years between 1702 missions were founded until they were mostly abandoned in 1708?
How many towns were first concentrated in colonial reducciones?
How many years did priests found mission towns around Lake Petén Itzá?
Who first subjugated the towns, Cristobal de Sologaistoa, or the Domenican monks?
How many years passed between the rebellion against the Spanish overlords and the abandonment of most of the mission towns?
What were the first towns to be concentrated into colonial reducciones?
How many towns rebelled against their Spanish overlords in 1704?
How many years after Kowoj and Itza leaders in these mission towns rebelled against their Spanish overlords were there only about 6000 Maya remaining in central Peten?
How many of the estimated Maya living around Lake Petén Itzá survived the disease and war in the first 10 years?
How many of the Maya living around Lake Petén Itzá did not survive the disease and war in the first ten years?
How many touchdowns did barber score?
How many catches did Marty Booker receive?
How many receptions did Curtis catch?
How many touchdowns did Hagan score?
How many field goals did Folk kick?
How many passes did Owens catch?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
How many yards ws the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Dallas score?
How many yards in difference were there between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 40-yards were converted?
Which player had the longest and shortest touchdown scored?
How many yards in difference was there between the longest and shortest touchdown scored?
How many touchdown passes longer than 20-yards were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player(s) scored multiple touchdowns in the game?
How long were each of Barber's touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many countries signed an Agreement on June 1st, 1922?
Which happened first, the signing of an Agreement between RSFSR and Finland or the renaming of the Karelian Worker's Commune?
How many years after the agreement did the Karelian Worker's Commune change it's name?
Where did 30,000 East Karelian refugees evacuate from?
How many years did the autonomy practically ended?
Who agrteed to reduce the number of border guards?
How many years did tensions grow with shaikh Khazal of Mohammerah?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, the ascent of the PHlavi rule, or the western part of Khuzestan became Arabistan?
How many years to the tension with shaikh Khazal of Mohammerah had grown?
How many times Broncos won over Browns?
How many times Peyton Manning threw TD pass?
How long was the shortest field goal?
Which players kicked field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over his second longest one?
From what distance were two field goals kicked?
Which players had receiving touchdowns in the first half?
Which players kicked two field goals?
How many more total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make over Matt Prater?
How many touchdown receptions did Eric Decker have?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Peyton Manning have in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns did the Broncos have in the second half?
What was the second shortest touchdown play?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's first touchdown pass over his second touchdown pass?
Who caught touchdown passes in the first half?
How many field goals by Phil Dawson were from under 30 yards?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson score before the first half was over?
How many of Prater's field goals were in the last quarter?
How many scoring plays were there in the first half?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown for the Browns?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which country produced the least nickel in a year?
How many more tonnes of nickel did Russia produce than Indonesia?
Which country produced less nickel in 2009, Canada or Russia?
How many tonnes of nickels total did New Caledonia, Russa, Indonesia, Canada and Australia produce in 2009?
Which country produced more tonnes of nickel in 2009, Russia or Indonesia?
Which country produced more tonnes of nickel in 2009, Russia or Canada?
Which country produced more tonnes of nickel in 2009, Canada or Australia?
Which country produced more tonnes of nickel in 2009, New Caledonia  or Indonesia?
How many more tons of nickel did Russia produce in 2009 than Indonesia?
How many more tons of nickel did Canada produce than Australia?
How many percent of the global nickel supply will not be produced at The Goro?
How many percent of the imports are not food?
How many percent of the world's nickel supply are not in New Caledonia?
How many more tons of nickel are produced in Russia than in Indonesia?
How many percent of the world's nickel supply is New Caledonia not responsible for?
Who ranks above New Caledonia in Nickel mining?
How many more tons of nickel mining did Russia complete than New Caledonia?
How many more tons of nickel mining did Australia complete than New Caledonia?
How many countries rank above New Caledonia in nickel supply?
How many percent of New Caledonia's imports are not from food?
What else besides financial support from France are keys to the health of the economy?
Who caught the most touchdown passes for the Vikings?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw?
How short was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many second quarter field goals did Nick Folk kick?
In which quarter did the Vikings score two touchdowns?
Who scored the most points?
How many touchdowns did Favre throw?
What distance did both teams score from?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who made the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass over the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick from less than 40 yards?
How long were each of Folk's field goals?
How many yards were each of Favre's TD passes?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the second longest?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards in field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many yards long on average were Nick Folk's field goals?
How many yards in touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Brett Favre's touchdown passes on average?
Which players caught the two longest touchdown passes from Brett Favre?
How many more yards in field goals did Nick Folk have compared to yards in touchdown passes from Brett Favre?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 27 yards?
How many field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many field goals were between 30 and 40 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Nick Folk make?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest filed goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Brett Favre make?
How many years total did it take Upper Austria to have 62 uprisings?
How many uprisings occured not in the 16th century?
When did Aichinger lose his life?
How many of Austria's uprisings were not in the 16th century?
How many years after the Peasants' War was the Battle on the Frankenberg?
Which came first, the Peasants' War or the Battle on the Frankenberg?
How many years did upper Austria's 62 uprisings span?
Which occured first the Battle of Frankenberg or the Peasants' War?
Over how many years did the 62 known uprisings occur in Upper Austria?
How many uprisings occurred outside of the 16th century?
How many years was it from the time Martin Aichinger lost his farm to the death of all his followers?
How many years passed between the 62 uprisings?
What happened first: the Peasants' War or Battle on the Frankenberg?
What happened second: the Peasants' War or Battle on the Frankenberg?
How many years passed between the Peasants' War and the Battle on the Frankenberg?
How many uprisings occured that didn't take place in the 16th century?
How many years after the Peasants' War of 1626 was it before the Battle on the Frankenberg?
Across how many years did Upper Austria have 62 uprisings?
How many of the 62 known uprisings did not occur in the 16th century?
How many years passed between the Peasants' War of 1626 and the Battle on the Frankenberg?
Which age group had the most amount of people in it?
Which age group had the least amount of people in it?
Were there more females or males?
How many more percent are under the age of 18 compared to the 18 to 24 group?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many percentage of the population are ages 25 to 44 than ages 45 to 64?
Which age group is the highest percentage, 29.70% from 25 to 44 or 24.70% from 45 to 64?
Which age group is the highest percentage, 23.50% under the age of 18 or 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older?
Which gender has the highest population age 18 and over, 100 females or 96.60 males?
Which age group gender is the lowest population in the county, 100 females or 99.10 males?
Which age group was the most prominent in the city?
Were there more residents under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
Were there more females or males?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is fewer in number: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old was the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
How was Plunkett's house destroyed?
The ratio of Southern Irish Protestants declined from 10% to 3% over how many years?
How many officials were mentioned that were appointed in December 1922 to the Free State's first Senate?
How many years did it take for the proportion of the Southern Irish Protestants decline from 10% to 3%?
How many percentage points did the proportion of Southern Irish Protestants decrease from 1921 to 1991?
How many years did it take the proportion of Southern Irish Protestants to decline from 10 to 3%?
How many more forces Tokugawa had than Sanada?
Who had more forces under their command, Toyotomi or Hosokawa?
How many more forces did Tokugawa have compared to Sanada's?
Why did troops slow theier pace?
How many were in the Tokugawa force then Sanada's force?
How many troops were at Tanabe Castle?
Who had more troops, Tokugawa or Sanada?
How many did Tokugawa's forces outnumber Sanada's forces by?
Who had more forces, Tokugawa or Toyotomi?
How many more men did Tokugawa forces have compared to Sanada?
How many more troops did Toyotomi have compared to those holding them under Hosokawa Yūsai at Tanabe Castle?
How many more troops were in the Tokugawa forces than Sanada had?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many in percent in 1901 Singapore wasn't Malays?
How many in percent in 1901 Singapore wasn't Chinese?
How many in percent in 1901 Singapore wasn't Indian?
How many in percent in 1901 Singapore wasn't Europeans and Eurasians?
In 1860 were there more Chinese or Europeans and Eurasians in Singapore?
In 1860 how many people in Singapore were not Chinese?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Singapore, were not Chinese as of 1871?
Which group made up the second largest percentage of the Singapore population in 1901?
Were there more Malays or Indians in Singapore in 1901?
Were there more Europeans and Eurasians or Indians in Singapore in 1901?
How many Malays were there in Singapore in 1901 in terms of absolute number?
How many Chinese were there in Singapore in 1901 in terms of absolute number?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Singapore, were not Chinese in 1901?
In 1860 how many people were not Chinese in Singapore?
In 1871, how many percent of Singapore was not Chinese?
How many more people were in Singapore in 1901 compared to 1860?
In 1901 which group had the smallest percentage of people in Singapore?
How many more percent of people did the Chinese have compared with the Malays in 1901?
Which ancestry was originally the largest in Singapore?
How many more percentage of people in Singapore are Chinese than Malays?
Which race has the smallest percentage in Singapore, Chinese or European?
How many more Chinese than Europeans living in China?
How many more percent did the Malay population have than the Indians in the first half of century?
How many more percent Indians are there than Eurasians?
What were all the 1881 Census grouped main categories?
How many more Chinese in 1860 than Europeans and Eurasians?
What were all the races in 1901 that populated Singapore?
How many more percentage of Chinese than Malays in Singapore?
In 1860 Singapore how many people were neither Chinese, Europeans or Eurasians?
How many people did Singapore grow by between 1860 and 1901?
What was the second largest racial group in Singapore in 1901?
How many percent did the Malays, Indians, and Europeans and Eurasians make up in 1901?
How many more Chinese were there living in Singapore in 1860 compared to Europeans and Eurasians?
Which were there more of in Singapore in 1901, Malays or Indians?
How many percent were not Chinese?
How many percent were not Chinese in 1901?
How many percent were not Chinese in 1947?
How many percent were not Malays in 1901?
How many percent were not Indians in 1901?
How many percent were not Europeans and Eurasians in 1901?
How many percent were not Malays in the early years?
How many more percent were Chinese than Malays in 1901?
How many more percent were Chinese than Indians in 1901?
How many more percent were Chinese than Europeans and Eurasians in 1901?
How many more percent were Malays than Indians in 1901?
How many more percent were Malays than Europeans and Eurasians in 1901?
How many of the total population in 1860 were not Chinese?
How many more people in the population were Chinese than Europeans and Eurasians in 1860?
How many percent of the people were not Chinese in 1871?
How many times has Singapore conducted a thorough census since 1871?
How many percent of the population were not Chinese in 1901?
Which were there more of living in Singapore in 1901, Malays or Chinese?
How many more Malays lived in Singapore in 1901 compared to Indians?
Who caught an interception at the end of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
How many passes did Heap receive?
How many passes did Anquan Boldin receive?
How many passes did Mason receive?
How many passes did white receive?
What type of score won the game?
What team did the Browns lose against in 2015?
How many points was the former amount after the 34 yard field goal was made?
How many points was the latter amount after the 34 yard field goal was made?
How many points was the former amount after the 48 yard field goal was made?
How many points was the latter amount after the 48 yard field goal was made?
How many points was the former amount after the 37 yard field goal was made?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many points did the steelers score in the 3rd quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the 2nd half?
How many field goals did Prater kick?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick in the first half?
How many field goals longer than 30-yards did Matt Prater kick?
How many yards longer was Prater's first field goal over his second one?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Which player scored for the first tie of the game?
How many field goals were scored before the first TD of the game?
How many field goals did Prater kick before halftime?
Which team scored the least field goals before the half?
Which team failed to score in the third quarter?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team allowed the least points at final?
Which team had the worse third quarter?
How many field goals were scored between 20 and 39 yards?
How many field goals were scored from over 40 yards?
How many field goals did Prater get over 35 yards?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Lions ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total field goal yards were in the game?
How many total field goal yards did Chris Boswell make?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Prater make?
How many more total field goal yards did Matt Prater have than Chris Boswell?
How many yards longer was Chris Boswell's longest field goal than his shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than Chris Boswell's longest field goal?
Which team did the Giants play week 2?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many field goals did Carney make?
Which team beat the Rams in week 2?
Which team left this game defeated?
Which team beat the Rams in week 2?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham kick in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first TD of the game?
How many losses does this game give the Giants?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals over 22 yards did Graham score?
Which team allowed the most points up until the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the second to last TD pass of the game?
How many field goals over 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals between 23 yards and 29 yards were scored?
Who kicked more than three field goals?
Which player's average length of field goals was the longest?
How many yards longer was Carney's longest field goal over his second longest one?
Which players' average length of field goals was below 25 yards?
How many yards longer was fourth quarter's total yards of field goals over third quarter's total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run over the shortest one?
How many yards shorter was the shortest TD pass than the longest one?
How many more field goals did Carney kick than Graham?
How many field goals over 25 yards were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was fourth quarter's total yards of field goals over overtime's total yards of field goals?
How many field goals shorter than 25 yards were successful?
How many field goals were exactly 22 yards in length?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many touchdowns were less than 5 yards in length?
How many touchdowns longer than 15 yards were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored in overtime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who did the 49ers beat before playing the Buccaneers?
How many wins did the 49ers have after losing to the Buccaneers?
How many losses did the 49ers have after losing to the Buccaneers?
Was Freeman's touchdown pass longer in the third quarter or the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passing yards did Freeman have?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns longer than 2 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns shorter than 2 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was Josh Freeman's touchdown pass to Mike Williams compared to his touchdown pass to Donald Penn?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, Cadillac Williams or Mike Williams?
How many yards shorter was Cadillac Williams' touchdown compared to Mike Williams' touchdown?
How many total touchdown passing yards were in the game?
What is the initial number of opposing Kandyan forces?
Did the Portuguese enter the capital with resistance?
What happend to Jayavira before part of the evidence against Jayavira was found to be fabricated?
Which event happend first, Jayavira was killed as a traitor or the invasion of Kandy?
Which animals were used in the war?
What was the terrain of battle most used?
Did Pedro Lopes de Sousa's troops have more Portuguese or Lascarin allies?
Where did the Portuguese go first, Balana or Kandy?
Which happened earlier, the abandonment of Kandy, or the Portuguese entering Kandy?
Who ruled Kandy first, King Vimaladharmasuriya I or Dona Catarina?
In the invasion of Kandy, how many of the invading troops were from Portugal?
In the invasion of Kandy, how many of the invading troops were Badaga mercenaries from India and coolie labourers?
How many defending troops fought in the invasion of Kandy?
How did the Rams score their only touchdown?
Who was the Cowboys quarterback?
Which player scored first in the game?
Who scored the only rushing touchdown for the Cowboys?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
What all touchdowns did Tony Romo make?
How many yards difference was Tony Romo's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many points did the Patriots score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Dolphins score in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many yards ws the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goal yards did Carpenter get in the second half?
Who threw the longer touchdown pass, Brady or Henne?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Dolphins win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Dolphins win the game by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Carpenter make?
How many yards longer was Carpenter's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many years did the European Coal and Steel Community exist?
When did the countries that later formed the European Union first join?
How many years do these events span for?
What event happened first, the EEC becoming the European Union, or North American Free Trade Agreement?
How many years did the European Coal and Steel Community exist?
What happened last, formation of the EEC or the European Union?
How many years passed between the formation of the European Coal and Steel Community and it becoming the European Economic Community?
What was the first incarnation of what eventually became the European Union?
How many things did the US help to establish?
Which was established second,General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade World Trade Organization
How many years since governments have negotiated managed-trade agreement the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement?
How many years was it called the European Coal and Steel community  before it changed it name to European Economic Community?
What Trade agreement happened first, North American Free Trade Agreement or Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement?
How many years later did the EEC change their name a third time to European Union?
Which trade agreement was negotiated first, the North American Free Trade Agreement or the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement?
How many years after six countries joined formed the European Coal and Steel Community did it become the European Economic Community?
What was its name first, the European Coal and Steel Community or the European Economic Community?
How many years after it was named the EEC did it become the European Union?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many touchdowns did Ben Tate have?
In what quarter did Jacksonville score?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in total?
Which jaguars halfback caught a TD pass from Blaine Gabbert?
How many points were scored by both teams total in the first half?
How many years the lifetime of the Kingdom of Kurdistan?
How many years did it take Sheykh Mahmud to return after losing to British?
How many months was Sheykh exiled?
How many months did the Kingdom of Kurdistan exist?
How many days was Mahmud exiled?
How many months did the Kingdom of Kurdistan last?
Which happeded first, the exile of Sheykh Mahmud, or him retreating to the mountains?
How many years after British Iraqui rule began did Sheykh Mahmud reach terms with the independent Kingdom of Iraq?
What happened first - British Iraqi rule, or the Mahmud Barzanji revolts?
How many months did the Kingdom of Kurdistan last?
What happened first, imprisonment of Sheykh Mahmud or the British Mandate in Iraq?
How many percent of the student population are not Louisiana residents?
How many percent of the student body does not identify as white?
How many more percent of students are women than men?
How many states in the United States do not have residents attending Louisiana Tech?
How many percent of students at Louisiana Tech are not international students?
How many states and countries are represented at Lousiana Tech?
Which is the second largest group of the students by residency?
What is the second largest group racially at Louisiana Tech?
How many percent of students at Lousiana Tech do not identify as white or black?
How many percent more of students identify as white as opposed to international?
How many combined states and foreign countries do Louisiana Tech students come from?
How many percent of students are not from Louisiana?
Are more students at Louisiana Tech white or black?
Which did the student population account more of, out-of-state or international?
How many points did the Bears win over the Vikings?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many points did the Bears score against the Vikings?
How many points did the Vikings score against the Bears?
how many points did the bears win by?
how many points did the vikings make?
How many points did both teams score combined?
How many points were there in difference between the winning and losing team?
How many total points were scored?
How many more Navy and Marine personnel were there than civilians?
How many homeports in the US are larger than the Naval Base?
Which dod the Naval Base have more of, Navy and Marine personnel, or civilians?
How many types of vessels did the Charleston Naval Shipyard repair?
Joint base Charleston serves how many service personnel?
How many servicemen personnel served the navel base during the cold war?
How many UGM type missles were stored and maintained by U.S. Marine Corps Security Force company?
How many more Navy and Marine personnel were there compared to civilians at the Naval Base during the Cold War?
How many different types of people does Joint Base Charleston provide services to?
How many different types of machines did the Charleston Naval Shipyard  repair?
Other than destroyers and cruisers, what types of ships did they fix?
During the Cold War how many Navy and Marine personnel and civilians worked at the base?
The 1917 Constitution was written by who?
The 1917 Constitution was empowered by who?
Who wrote the 1917 Constitution?
Who recieved land because of Article 27?
Roughly how many years was the 1917 Constitution in place before it was reformed?
How many full decades were there between the passage of the 1917 Constitution and the enactment of of reforms that rolled back the government's power to expropriate property?
The Tsar appointed Dmitri Feodorovich Trepov as governor in St. Petersburg on what date?
How many months after the appointments to Ministry had the Tsar confirmed his promise to the people and their representatives?
How many days was the period between appointing Trepov and dismissing Sviatopolk-Mirskii?
Was the commission Trepov created comprised only of students?
Did the Bulygin Rescript include the repeal of voting requirements?
How many territorial holdings were enlarged during the Treaty of London?
How many years did Austria-Hungary occupy Bosnia and Herzegovina?
How many years had the Ottomans controlled Bosnia and Herzegovina before 1908?
How many countries did Bulgaria attack on June 16, 1913?
Which Balkan War lasted less than 60 days, the First Balkan War or the Second Balkan War?
How many years did the Bosnian crisis last?
How many years after the Bosnian crisis was the First Balkan War fought?
What date did the Second Balkan War end?
How many countries did Bulgaria attack?
When did the Second Balkan War begin?
How many territories did Austria-Hungary annex?
How many years did Austria-Hungary occupy Bosnia and Herzegovina before officially annexing it?
How many years did the Bosnian crisis last?
How many years had Austria-Hungary occupied the former Ottoman territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina before the Bosnian crisis of 1908-1909?
How many years did the First Balkan War last?
How many Ottoman territories were annexed?
How many areas had increased territories due to the Treaty of London?
How many areas did Bulgaria attack on June 16 1913?
Which lasted longer, the seige of Tenasserim or the seige of Dawei?
How many cities did the Siamese capture?
Did more of Phraya Chakri's troops march with a force, or remain at a garrison?
Which did the Burmese flotilla have more of, boats or men?
How many combined total troops did King Naresuan send to Tenasserim and Dawei?
How many more days did the siege of Dawei last compared with the Siege of Tenasserim?
How many Burmese men (what percentage)  out of the initial 10,000 men under the command of Samin Ubkong and Samin Phataba wound up being captured?
How many troops were sent in the first and second force altgother?
How many more troops were under Phraya Chakri's command compared to Phraya Phra Khlang?
How many more days did it take Dawei to surrender compared to Tenasserim?
How many days did the siege of Tenasserim and Dawei overlap?
Who went to Dawei, Phraya Chakri or Phraya Phra Khlang?
Who went to Tenasserim, Phraya Chakri or Phraya Phra Khlang?
How many topps did King Naresuan send in total?
Which city withstood the seige longer, Tenasserim or Dawei?
How many days longer did the siege of Dawai last than the siege of Tenasserim?
Which siege ended first, the sige of Tenasserim of the siege of Dawai?
What city did Chakri capture first, Tenasserim or Mergui?
Which did Chakri capture more of, foreign sloops or other boats?
How many more other boats did Chakri capture than foreign sloops?
How many boats in total did Chakri capture in Mergui?
Did Phraya Phra Khlang send more boats or more men?
Who had more troops, Phraya Phra Khlang or the Burmese?
Which city was attacked first, Dawai or Mergui?
How many days longer was the siege in Dawei and the sige in Tenasserim?
Where did Phraya Chakri go first Tenasserim, or Mergui?
How many boats did Chakri capture?
What did CHakri capture more of, boats or sloops?
Which happened first, Phraya Thep Archun going to Tavoy, or the attack on the Burmese flotilla?
Who lost more of their flotilla, the Burmese or the Siamese?
What year was the second Crimean campaign?
What year was the first Azov campaign?
What year was the second Azov campaign?
How many countries were involved on teh Azov campaign?
How many years was the first years of the crimean campaign?
How many years was the crimmean exchange after 1689?
How many of the campaigns organized by the Russian army end in defeat?
Which campaigns did the Russians succeed in, the Crimean or Azov campaigns?
How many Crimean campaigns did the Russians organize?
How many years apart were the Crimean campaigns?
Who fumbled in the redzone?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the first quarter?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which city was the game played?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
What year did Heydrich's son, Klaus, die in?
Why was Heydrich cursed?
Where was Heydrich wounded?
How long after being attacked did Heydrich die?
Who's son was Klaus?
When did the castle become the seat of the Head of State of the new Czech Republic?
What is the legend of putting the Bohemian crown on a usurper's head?
What happend first, the castle became the seat of the president of the new Czechoslovak Republic or Adolf Hitler spent a night in the Prague Castle?
What team does John Kasay kick for?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the game winning TD pass?
Who had the longest touchdown run of the game?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many months did it take for the ZWD to drop to 2,000,000 after April 2007?
What has a higher value, 1 USD or 1 ZWD?
How many US dollars were the $50 million bearer cheques issued by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe worth?
The $10 million bearer cheques were worth less than how many US dollars
How many more ZWD was required to obtain $1 USD at the end of 2007 than in April 2007?
What made the Raiders fall to the Broncos?
How many more points did the Broncos score than the Raiders?
How many times had these tow teams tied?
How many turnovers did the Steelers force?
Who missed a 47-yard field goal?
Which player broke through for a 73-yard touchdown run?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many rushing touchdowns did Jordan Howard have?
Which players had failed field goal attempts?
How many yards did Jordan Howard have on touchdown runs?
How many yards difference exists between Jordan Howard's longest and shortest touchdown runs?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jordan Howard's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many rushing yards did Chicago have?
How many years was it from the first time Romania entered World War I, to the time they re-entered the war?
What happened first, World War I or the Hungarian-Romanian war?
Which war did Romania enter first, World War I or Hungarian-Romanian war?
How many years passed between Romania entering World War I and suing for peace?
How many years did the Romanian Army fight after World War 1?
How many years after entering the war initially, did it take Romania to enter a second time?
How many months after suing for peace did Romania rejoin the war?
Which happened first, the signing of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk or the Treaty of Bucharest?
How many years after Romania entered World War I did the Treaty of Bucharest get signed?
How many years passed between the two treaties between Venice and Vladislaus II?
How many ducats of the original pledged amount by Venice was not paid?
Which happened first, the Ottoman incursions or the treaty signed with Vlasislaus II?
What happened last, the capture of Durazzo, or the armistice?
How many treaties did Venice sign with Vladislaus II?
How many years passed between the capture of Durazzo and the Turkish cavalry raids on Italy?
How many ducats would Venice need to pay Vladislaus II total after signing the new treaty?
How many ducats will Venice had given Vladislaus II from a signed Treaty, 3000 a year and 124,000?
How many people did the Nazis exterminate in total?
How many Soviet POW's lived through Nazi concentration camps?
How many years were the Soviet Gulag the most deadly?
How many million Soviet POWs survived the concentration camps?
How many million Soviet POWs surived the war and didn't die in Nazi camps?
How many millions of Soviet POWs survived?
Did more Soviet POWs die or live in the Holocaust?
How many million Soviet POWssurvived the Nazi camps?
How many more millions who were deemed "unworthy of life" were killed than ethnic Poles?
How many of the 5.7 million Soviet POWs didn't die in Nazi camps?
How many times have the raiders won in Baltimore?
How many catches did Crabtree have?
How many completions did Derek Carr have?
Which team won the game?
How many times have the Raiders beat the Ravens?
Which happened first, the Rye House Plot of 1683 or the accession of James II and his coronation at Westminster Abbey?
How many things left resentment among some of the population?
what things left resentment among some of the population?
How many things were apart of the "Popish Plot"
What were the plans of the Popish Plot
when was the coronation of James 2
Who was Charles II brother?
How many Parliaments were dissolved to keep the Exclusion Bill from passing?
Who was James, Duke of York's brother?
How many Parliaments were dissolved to stop the passage of the Exlcusion Bill?
Over how many years did Parliamment attempt to pass the Exclusion Bill?
How many years after the failed assassination attempt was James II coronated?
Who was king first, James II or Charles II?
Who was Jame Scott's father?
Who was James, Duke of Yorks, brother?
In what years did Charles II disolve Parliament due to the Exclusion Bill?
Who was king before James II?
Who became king after Charles II?
How many years after the Rye House Plot did the accession of James II and the coronation at Westminster Abbey take place?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the king invading Lan Na, or Khmer retaking the city?
What event happened first, Thao Lok ascending the throne, or The king invading Lan Na?
How many years passed between the king invading Lan Na and the Khmer retaking Angkor?
How many years did it take for the Khmer to take back Angkor?
How many sons did Sam Fang Kaen have before Thao Lok?
What family member did Thao Lok banish?
How many directions did the Ayutthaya Kingdom wage war in?
Who was Sam Fang Kaen's son?
Where did Thao Lok send his father?
Who else was banished other than Sam Fang Kaen?
What did the king capture?
Who was banished his father?
How many different places did King Intharacha of Ayutthaya attempt to capture in his invasion of Lan Na in 1411?
Who was king of Ayutthaya earlier, Intharacha or Borommarachathirat II?
Which team does Qwens play for?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who ran for the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Bironas kick?
Which team scored first?
What was the largest field goal?
How many games have the Redskins lost this season?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
What was the longest field goal?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than in the second?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards were all the field goals in the game combined?
How many yards were each of Portis' TD runs?
How many more yards was the first touchdown than the last?
What are the two shortest toucdown runs?
How long were each of Clinton Portis's touchdowns?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How long were each of Rob Bironas's field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference exists between Rob Bironas's longest and shortest field goal?
Which team scored more points in the third quarter?
What was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards did Prater complete?
How many yards did Prater complete?
Which player scored first in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Lions lose by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many more yards in field goals did Matt Prater make than Mason Crosby?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total field goal yards were kicked in the game?
How many touchdown passing yards did Matthew Stafford make in the game total?
How many yards longer was Aaron Rodgers' longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yard longer was Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more  yards was Matthew Stafford's touchdown passing yard total than Aaron Rodgers'?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
Which team scored the most second half points?
Which team scored the most first half points?
Which team does Prater play on?
How many yards was the only Packers field goal in the second half?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Prater make?
Which players made two field goals?
How many total yards did Aaron Rodgers throw for touchdowns?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were the Packers winning by at halftime?
How many points did the Packers win the game by?
What happened after the meeting of Lord FitzAlan and Éamon de Valera?
What type of people were murdered in April 1921?
What was the result of Northern IRA units stepping up attacks in line with the rest of the country?
Which happened first, the shooting of the two Auxiliaries in Donegal Place or the deaths of two Catholics on the Falls road?
How many deaths did the IRA in Belfast carry out in one night of April 1921?
Which groups had the same amounts of deaths in one night on April 1921?
How many Catholics were murdered by the IRA IN 1921?
Which experienced more casualties, auxiliaries or Catholics?
What year did Wareru become a bassal of Sukhothai?
What year did Pegu give up after Martaban revolted?
How many years after Martaban formally broke away from its overlord Sukhothai did Martaban revolt againts Pegu's armies?
When did Wareru become a vassal of Sukhothai?
Which happened first, Sukhothai reoccupying Tenasserim or Martaban becoming independent?
How many years after losing the Tenasserim coast to Martaban did Sukhothai try to reoccupy it?
Which happened first, Martaban seized the Tenasserim coast or Martaban revolted, and outlasted Pegu's armies?
How many years was it from when Wareru asked for recognition until Matraban broke away from Sukhothia?
How many years passed between the seizing of the Tenasserim coast until the attack on Martaban?
In what year did Pegu give up Martaban in the southeast and began there independence for another 20 years?
In what year did Sukhothai become a vassel of the Mongols?
What event happened first, Martaban seized Tenasserim coast or Sukhothai tried to reassert control, reoccupying Tenassarian?
How many years did Martaban hold Tenasserim before Sukhothai reoccupied it?
Which three locations was the kingdom split into after 1330?
when the matchup is happen?
who pass thst?
Who was trailing at the beginning second quarter?
Who caught a 99 yard touchdown pass?
How many yards did Victor Cruz have on his two non-scoring receptions?
Which player had two touchdowns over 90 yards?
Which team scored a safety?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
Which QB threw the longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns of over 20 yards did Cutler throw?
How many more yards was Nick Folks second field goal over his first?
Who had the most receptions?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Nick Folk kick?
Which players had 3 yard touchdown runs?
How many touchdown passes were there between 10 and 30 yards?
How many touchdown passing yards did Cutler have?
How many more running touchdown were there compared to passing touchdowns?
How many total yards did Johnny Knox have on his two touchdowns?
How many total yards of passing touchdowns did Jay Cutler have?
How many touchdowns did Jay Cutler have?
How many touchdowns between 19 and 30 yards were scored?
How many more yards of touchdowns did Jay Cutler have over Mark Sanchez?
Which Jets players had rushing touchdowns?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the second longest?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Which players scored touchdowns from three yards?
Which players scored points from 26 yards out?
Which player scored the two longest touchdown?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest touchdown run?
Who inherited the Black Sea Fleet first, the Russian SFSR or the Soviet Union?
Which happened later, the founding of the Black Sea Fleet by Prince Potemkin or the collapse of the Soviet Union?
How many years has Aleksandr Viktorovich Vitko held his position as commander of the Black Sea Fleet?
How many years did the Soviet Union maintain possession of the Black Sea Fleet?
The Black Sea Fleet covers how many seas for Russia?
How many years was the fleet officially considered part of the Soviet Navy?
How many years did the Russian SFSR have the Black Sea Fleet?
How many years did the Soviet Navy have the Black Sea fleet?
How many years has Admiral Aleksandr Viktorovich Vitko held his commander position?
How many years passed from the founding of the Black Sea Fleet until it was inherited  by the Soviet Union?
Which happened first, the Black Sea Fleet was inherited by the Russian SFSR or became part of the Soviet Navy?
What happened first: founding of Black Sea fleet or collapse of the Soviet Union?
What happened second: founding of Black Sea fleet or collapse of the Soviet Union?
How many years have passed between the Black Sea Fleet being founded and the collapse of the Soviet Union?
Where does the Black Sea Fleet sail?
When did the Black Sea Fleet become part of the Soviet Navy?
Is Sevastopol part of Ukraine or Russia?
How many seas does the Black Sea Fleet reside in?
How many years after the fleet was inherited by the Russian SFSR was it then inherited by the Soviet Union?
How many years after the fleet was inherited by the Russian SFSR did it become part of the Soviet navy?
How many years after the Soviet Union inherited the Black Sea fleet was it then inherited by the Russian Federation?
Which countries is the Black Sea Fleet headquartered in?
How many years after the fleet was inherited by the Russian Federation was Admiral Aleksandr Viktorovich Vitko assigned as the commander of the fleet?
How many years was the Royal Canadian Horse Artillery's headquarters at the Tête-de-Pont Barracks?
How many years after it became known as Fort Frontenac did Canadian Army staff training begin?
How many years was Tête-de-Pont Barracks headquarters for Royal Canadian Horse Artillery?
How many years did it take for the British imperial forces to withdraw from most of Canada?
How many years was Tête-de-Pont Barracks the headquarters of Royal Canadian Horse Artillery?
How many years was the headquarters at the Tête-de-Pont Barracks?
After becoming known as Fort Frontenac again in 1939, how many years passed before the Royal Military College moved to the fort?
How many years after the Royal Canadian Horse Artillery left the Tête-de-Pont Barracks did the Canadian Army Staff College move from the Royal Military College?
How many years after the Canadian Army Staff College move from the Royal Military College did  the National Defence College leave Fort Frontenac?
In regards to Fort Frontenac, which occurred first, being designated a National Historic Site or the Canadian Army staff training began there?
How many years were the headquarters at the Tête-de-Pont Barracks for?
How many years was the Royal Canadian Horse Artillery's headquarters at Tête-de-Pont Barracks?
How many years was the headquarters at Tete de Pont Barracks in 1905 to 1939?
How many years did the British Imperial forces withdraw from most Canadian locations?
How many wins do the Packers now have?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many scoring drives were there in the first three quarters?
How many total touchdown passes were there in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers throw from less than 5 yards out?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored more points, Aaron Rodgers or Tony Romo
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
Who was the first player to receive a touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many passes did Sinorice Moss receive?
What player threw the longest pass?
How long was the second shortest touchdown run?
Which player threw the final touchdown pass?
How many field goals did John Carney kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which player caught the first touchdown of the game?
Which team lost this game?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player had no over 30-yard field goals?
Which player kicked at least three field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest one?
How many yards shorter was the shortest field goal than the longest one?
How many field goals over 30 yards were kicked?
Which player had the shortest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Carney's total yards of field goals than Mare's total yards of field goals?
Which player scored the lowest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Carney's average yards of field goals than Mare's average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Carney's longest field goal over Mare's longest one?
How many years between the first official plan for Cossack formations and to decree for them to form?
How many years before the King confirmed the orders of Great Crown Hetman was the council in Piotrków Trybunalski?
How many years passed between the first plan for border service and the second plan in Piotrków Trybunalski?
How many years passed from the creation of Cossack formations as a border service was brought to the State Council of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1524 to when the King confirmed the orders of Great Crown Hetman Jerzy Jazłowiecki?
who was the creation of Cossack formations as a border service first brought to
How many people brought the idea of the creation of Cossack formations as a border service was brought to the State Council ?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys score in the game?
How many points did the Redskins score in the 2nd half?
How many passing touchdowns were there in the first half?
Who did the Cowboys defeat in their previous game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Redskins score in the game?
How many points did the Redskins score in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
What was Josh Brown's longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was McNabb's touchdown pass?
What was the halftime score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years was the longest allowed Parliament term in history?
When did the first change to Parliament terms happen?
For how many years was the Parliament term 7 years?
What year was the maximum length of a Parliament lowered from seven years?
How many different term lengths has Parliament had between 1911 and 2016?
How many years was the longest term length of Parliament?
How many years was the shortest Parliament term?
How many years did the term remain at seven years?
How many years longer is a fixed term in Parliment now than it was under the Triennial Act 1694?
How many years passed between the Triennial Act and the Septennial Act?
How many years after the Triennial Act set the duration of Parliament to three years did the Septennial Act extend it to seven years?
How many years was the Parliament term extended during the Second World War after it was reduced by the Parliament Act to five?
How many years after the Septennial Act extended the maximum to seven years was it repealed by the Fixed-term Parliaments Act?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't black?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which group from the census is larger: white or black?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or black?
Which group from the census is larger: white or Asian?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Americans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Americans?
What was the third largest racial group?
How many percent more was the second largest racial group compared to the third largest?
Which racial groups had less than 1% of the population?
How many percent of people were either black, Asian or American Indian?
Which was the second largest ancestry group?
Which ancestries made up between 12 and 18% of the population?
How many more percent did the largest group in terms of ancestry have compared to the smallest?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not American indian?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent were not American?
What was the third largest racial group?
How many percent of people were either black, Asian or American Indian?
How many more percent of the population was white versus the second highest racial group?
Which ancestry groups were between 5% and 10% of the population?
Were there more motorcycle thefts or assault cases?
How many more housebreaking cases were there compared to motorcycle thefts?
How many total serious offences were there?
Were there fewer drug related cases or cases involving prostitution?
How many less gambling cases were there than prostitution cases?
How many percent of households did not report being a crime victim in 2007?
Which were there more cases of, housebreaking, motorcycle thefts assault or embezzlement?
Which were there more of, assault or embezzlement?
How many types of crimes had over 5000 complaints?
How many more cases of motorcycle thefts were there than cases of embezzlement?
How many more arson cases than kidnappings occurred?
Which offences against the state was the highest, drug-related cases, cases involving prostitution or gambling?
Which offences against the state had more than 17000 cases?
How many serious offences only had one case reported?
How many serious offences were there total?
Which 3 types of complaints were the most common?
What was the most common serious offense?
What was the least common offense against the state?
Which types of crimes accounted for less than 10% of all crimes?
How many more drug-related cases were there than prostitution?
How many more cases of housebreaking were there compared to cases of motorcycle theft and assault combined?
How many more cases of housebreaking were there compared to cases of motorcycle theft and embezzlement combined?
How many more cases of housebreaking were there compared to cases of assault and embezzlement combined?
How many more cases of assault and embezzlement were there combined compared to cases of motorcycle thefts?
How many more non-gang robberies were there compared to kidnappings and arson cases combined?
How many more murders were there compared to kidnappings and arson cases combined?
How many more non-gang robberies were there compared to gang robberies and arson cases combined?
How many more murders were there compared to gang robberies and kidnappings combined?
How many cases of housebreaking, assault, and embezzlement were there combined?
Which crimes had fewer than 10 cases reported?
Which crimes happened between 100 and 300 times?
How many different names did the DIG suggest?
How many months did it take for the Viceroy to concede the demands after Sri Krishna Sinha resigned?
How many names were a part of the DIG?
How many names did DIG suggest of the people connected with the revolutionary movement to the Judicial Secretary A.C.Davies?
How many years after Yogendra Shukla was transferred to the Andamans was he transferred to Hazaribagh Central Jail as a result of his 46 days of hunger strike?
after a year Yogendra Shukla was transferred, who came to power
after how many years did Yogendra Shukla was transferred
How many convicts had been transferred to the Andamans in December of 1932?
How many times was Yogendra Shukla transferred as a prisoner before he eventually got released in 1938?
How many years after the prisoners DIGs suggested were transferred to the Andamans was Yogendra Shukla transferred to Hazaribagh Central Jail as a result of his 46 days of hunger strike?
How many months after Sri Krishna Sinha formed the first Congress ministry and took up the cause of political prisoners was Yogendra Shukla and others relased?
How many months after the Judicial Secretary asked the DIG to suggest the names of the revolutionary convicts were the names of the people they suggested transferred to the Andamans?
How many names were suggested by the DIG to transfer to the Andamans?
How many of the 7 mentioned were actually transferred to the Andamans?
How many years did it take for Krishna Sinha's Congress ministry to resign?
How many months after Krishna Sinha's ministry's resignation did the Viceroy concede the demands?
How many names were suggested by the DIG?
How many years was castle Westerholt used as collateral?
What was Haultpenne's other name?
How many years was Vest Recklinghausen used as collateral?
How many years passed between the first pawning of Vest Recklinghausen and the second pawning?
Which happened first, von Waldubrg destroying religious artifacts or Schenck damaging farms and villages?
How many years was Vest Recklinghausen used as collateral?
How many years did the lords of Gemen control Vest Recklinghausen before pawning it to the Lords of Schauenburg and Holstein-Pinneberg?
How many years did the Lords of Schauenburg and Holstein-Pinneberg control Vest Recklinghausen before pawning it to the Archbishops of Cologne?
Who sacked Vest Recklinghausen first, Ernst of Bavaria or Martin Schenck and Hermann Cloedt?
How many years after being sacked by Ernst of Bavaria was Vest Recklinghausen invaded by Martin Schenck and Hermann Cloedt?
How many years was castle Westerholt used as collateral?
How many years was castle Westerholt used as collateral?
What was Vest Recklinghausen?
How many years passed between the pawning of the castle to Archbishops of Cologne and the territory being invaded by Martin Schenck?
How many years was the time span where Vest Recklinghausen was used as collateral?
Who made a 23-yard field goal?
How many field goals did Nedney make?
Which team does Joe Nedney play for?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player made the last field goal of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Joe Nedney kick?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points were the Browns ahead by at the half?
How many total points were scored?
Where there more touchdowns or field goals?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the field goal Steelers kicker Jeff Reed?
How many yards was the field goal Ravens kicker Matt Stover got?
How many yards out was the touchdown pass Joe Flacco completed to TE Daniel Wilcox?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Which team scored in overtime?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by both teams?
Who scored more points, Baltimore or Pittsburgh?
Which quarterback fumbled the ball?
Which team scored last?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first two quarters compared to the shortest in the first two quarters?
How many yards in field goals were there in the first two quarters?
How many yards were field goals kicked in the first two quarters on average?
How many more yards in made field goals did Matt Stover have compared to Jeff Reed in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many yards longer was Santonio Holmes' touchdown compared to all other touchdowns in the game combined?
How many touchdowns were under 10 yards?
How many more yards in made field goals did Jeff Reed have over the entire game compared to Matt Stover?
How many yards were field goals kicked by Jeff Reed on average?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal compared to Jeff Reed's shortest field goal?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many more field goals did Reed kick than Stover?
How many yards were each of Stover's field goals?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
Which kicker had the longer initial field goal made?
Which players scored on touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the longest field goal and the longest touchdown?
How many yards were each of Stover's field goals?
How many more field goals were there than touchdowns?
How many more touchdown passes were there than touchdown runs?
How many passes did Geno Smith complete
How many interceptions did Geno Smith throw
Who started the game?
Which quarterback lost two fumbles?
Who was the Giants leading passer?
How many passes did Matt Forte receive?
How many passes did Alshon Jeffrey receive?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Matt Prater make?
Which player scored the longest TD of the second half?
How many yards of field goals did Matt Prater make in all
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
What all touchdowns did Jimmy Clausen make?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the first half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
Who scored earlier in the first half, Reggie Bush or Matt Forte?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Jimmy Clausen?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 15 yards?
How many yards were the two longest touchdowns of the game?
How many yards were the two shortest touchdowns of the game?
In what quarters did Jimmy Clausen throw touchdown passes?
How many points did the winning team score?
How long was the winning field goal?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many scores were there during the game?
How many more games have the Steelers won than lost this year?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Which team scored more points?
How many years are between the uprising Lyautey was involved with to the uprising where n'lfrutant was defeated?
How many days did the uprising in 1919 last?
How many days were between n'lfrutant's defeat and the end of the 1919 uprising?
How many days did it take before the uprising was over in January 1919?
What happened first: Thami El Glaoui became Pasha or uprising of 1912?
What happened second: Thami El Glaoui became Pasha or uprising of 1912?
How many months after Poeymirau was able to withdraw his troops to Meknes did a large-scale uprising force his return?
How many days after Poeymirau defeated n'Ifrutant in battle at Meski was the uprising over?
How many days did it take after the reinforcing of the garrison at Boudenib for the uprising to be over?
How many months after the situation stabilized to the extent that Poeymirau was able to withdraw his troops to Meknes did a large-scale uprising force his return?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first receiving touchdown?
How many yards was Tomlinson's second longest touchdown run?
Who had touchdowns shorter than 3 yards?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Which players scored yards of 10 or more yards?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
Who scored touchdowns running and passing?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards from running touchdowns were in the game?
How many  yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 10 yards?
Which players ran for touchdowns from less than 5 yards?
How many total yards did LaDainian Tomlinson have on his touchdown runs?
How many yards longer was LaDainian Tomlinson longest touchdown run than his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest?
Which players scored from 2 yards out or less?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the field goal attempt by Haden?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the first TD drive led by Manziel?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal attempt by Haden and the yards of the first TD drive led by Manziel?
How many points did the Bills score in the second half?
Which Brown's player rushed for a touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bills win by?
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many field goals were missed in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Browns?
How many more field goals did the Bills make than the Browns?
How many points were scored after Hoyer was benched?
How many field goals did Reed kick?
how many yards did reed add to his field goal?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
Which races each made up more than 1% of  the population?
How many more English people were there than Italians, in percentage?
Which ancestries each made up less than 7% of the population?
Who never produced any children?
How many children did Francis IV leave behind when he died?
How many years after the male line of the Gonzaga dynasty ruled Mantua as dukes did Monferrato become a duchy?
How many years after Monferrato became a duchy did Francis IV die?
How many years was it from the death of Francis IV to the death of Vincenzo II?
How many years older than Francis IV, upon his death, was Vincenzo II, upon his death?
What year was Francis IV born in?
Did Francis IV die first or did Vincent I die first?
What year was Maria of Mantua born in?
Who was Maria of Mantua's father?
What year was Vincenzo II born in?
Who was the eldest son of Charles, Duke of Neveres, Rethel and Mayenne?
Who was Charles de Nevers' father?
Who was the heir male of the Duchy of Mantua?
Who died later, Vincent I or Francis IV?
Whoe was Mariea of Mantua's father?
How many children did Francis' brothers, Ferdinando I and Vincenzo II have?
What year was Francis IV, Duke of Mantua and Monferrato born?
What year was Vincenzo II born?
Who was older at the time of his death, Francis IV or Vincent I?
How many years passed between the death of Vincent I and Vicenzo II?
How many children did Ferdinando I and Vincenzo II produce?
Who succeeded Vincenzo II?
How many years passed from the signing of the Treaty of Ripon and confirming the right of the Parliament to challenge the actions of his ministers
How many years passed before a civil war finally broke out?
Under how many leaders did the Scots cross the River Tweed?
Who was weakening Charles' governmental support?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Ripon was signed or Charles gave titles to Leslie and Argyll in Scotland?
How did Charles make the payment of Scots expenses that he had pledged to with the Treaty of Ripon, by capturing counties in Scotland or by summoning another parliament to grant supplies?
Which of the following did Charles NOT do when he went to Scotland in the autumn of 1641, accepted the decisions of the Scottish Parliament, confirmed the right of the Parliament to challenge his ministers actions, or impeached his chief supporters?
What year did Charles' disputes with the English Parliament lead to a civil war?
How many field goals did the Chiefs score?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the second half?
How many wins did this game give the Steelers?
How many losses did the Chiefs start the game with?
How many games had the Steelers lost before this game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs manage in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many minimum amount of Russian POWs was Boris Savinkov head of?
How many maximum amount of Russian POWs was Boris Savinkov head of?
How many soldiers were in Polish forces in 1918?
How many soldiers were in Polish forces in early 1920?
How many soldiers were in Polish forces in August 1920?
How many soldiers were added to the Polish army in the first half of 1920?
Which army had about the same number of soldiers as the Polish army?
Was the Polish army bigger in 1918 or 1920?
How many people did the Polish Forces grow by from 1918 to 1920?
How many people accompanied Boris in leading the Polish Forces?
How many soldiers did Polish forces grow by between 1918 and early 1920?
Between 1918 and 1920, how many more Polish forces joined?
Who helped lead the army of mostly Russian POWs along with Savinkov?
How many different groups of people made up the Polish army?
Who made up the Polish army?
How many people was Boris Savinkov accompanied  by, leading the mostly Russian POWs?
How many months into the year of 1920 did the Polish forces reach 737,767 soldiers?
How many more yards was Bironas field goal in the first quarter compared to the one in the last quarter?
Which team score more points in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were in the Titans and Redskins game?
How many field goals did the Titans have in the game?
How many points did the Titans lead with five minutes left in the game?
How many catches did Cooley have?
How many touchdowns did Portis have?
How many catches did Moss have?
How many many field goals did Bironas have?
How many interceptions did Brunell have?
How many yards longer was the first field goal relative to the first touchdown?
How many yards in length were the first two touchdowns combined?
How many yards total were the two longest field goals?
Which players scored touchdowns shorter than 5 yards?
How many yards were scored on touchdown passes?
Which player scored special teams points besides the kickers?
How many scoring plays between 20 and 30 yards were there during the first half?
Who had touchdowns of less than 5 yards?
How many field goal yards did Bironas have?
How much time was left when someone made a 54-yard touchdown?
How many yards touchdown put the Panthers in the lead with 27?
After losing this game, how many losses did the Panthers have?
What penalty did Roman Harper get charged with in the endzone?
Which team scored more points in the 1st half?
How many touchdowns over 50 yards were scored in the 1st half?
Who caught the last touchdown pass of the game?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
How many points did the Panthers have on the board at the start of the second quarter?
How many recorded losses did the Panthers have to start this game?
Which player got the Saints on the board?
Which team suffered a blocked extra point?
Which team does Sean Payton coach for?
How many more yards was Cam Newton's first touchdown over his second?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of touchdowns were thrown in the fourth quarter?
Which player threw the second most touchdowns?
What was the final score?
How many catches did Steve Smith record?
How many touchdowns did Keyshawn Johnson record?
Which team won the game?
How many fumble return touchdowns were there in the game?
Who had five losses in a row?
Who returned a fumble second quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were there in the game?
How many field goals were there in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were there for 40 yards or more?
How many rushing touchdowns were there in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were fumble recoveries?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards in field goals did Kris Brown make?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total yards of rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 30 yards?
How many field goals did Kris Brown score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
How many months did it take for the Germans to execute 6500 French and Belgian civilians?
Over how many months did the Germany army execute over 6,500 French and Belgian civilians in 1914?
Other then their homeland, what separate region did the French and British magnify and disseminate the reports at in order to help dissolve support for Germany?
Any resistance against the German invaders caused them to retaliate using what means?
How many different nations did the German army target to execute?
How many nationalities had over 6500 casualties combined?
How many months did the German army execute over 6500 French and Belgian civilians?
How many more biulding destroyed by the German army than French and Belgian executed?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Folk and the yards of the first TD pass caught by Coates?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Folk and the yards of the second field goal made by Folk?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Folk and the yards of the field goal made by Boswell?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Folk and the yards of the TD pass caught by Brown?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Folk and the yards of the second TD pass caught by Coates?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored total?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
how many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass in the game?
How many 5-yard touchdown passes were scored?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
Who threw the most touchdown passes in the entire game?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who scored a touchdown first, Brandon Marshall or Sammie Coates?
How many points did the Steelers score in the third quarter?
Who caught the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Sammie Coates' first touchdown compared to his second?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Nick Folk score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Nick Folk kick?
How many total field goal yards did Nick Folk kick?
how many points did the jets lead early in the game?
how many yards did folk kick?
how many yards did coates pass?
how many yards did folk kick?
how many yards did boswell make?
How many field goals did the Bengals kick?
How many Field goals did the Steelers kick?
How many field goals were missed?
How many touchdowns in the game?
How many interceptions?
How many field goals did Graham kick?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham make?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
From what yard line did Shayne Graham kick two field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were made in the fourth quarter?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who had the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the longest field goal?
Who scored touchdowns on both defense and special teams?
How long were each of Brett Favre's touchdown passes?
How many total yards did Brett Favre gain on touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Brett Favre?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Who are two most recent players to return a punt and a fumble for a touchdown in the same game?
How many yards longer was Favre's longest touchdown pass compared to his second longest?
What all touchdowns did Brett Favre make?
How many yards longer was Brett Favre's touchdown pass to Greg Jennings compared to his touchdown pass to Don Lee?
How many yards longer was Greg Jennings touchdown reception than Ryan Grant's touchdown run?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the first field goal made by Bryant?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the second field goal made by Brant?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the TD pass to Coleman?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the TD pass to Thomas?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the last field goal made by McManus?
how many yards did freeman rush in the first?
how many yards did freeman kick?
WHO HOSTED IN THE SAINTS IN THEIR ANNUAL THANKS GIVING DAY GAME
WHY SAINTS REPLIED AS HARTLEY NAILED 45-YARD FIELD GOAL
WHOM THE FOLLOWED MY MILES AUSTIN GETTING A 60-YARD TD RUN
THE COWBOYS TRAILED EARLY WITH WHOM
What yard line did the Cowboys score from twice?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked by Buehler?
How many yards longer was Buehler's second field goal over his first one?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
Which player got the Saints on the board?
How many yards was the first score of the game for?
Which player caught a pass to take the lead for the Saints?
Which player helped to get the Cowboys on the board?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
Which player scored the last points for the Cowboys?
Which team had the longest TD?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many 50+ yard field goals were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Garrett Hartley or David Buehler?
Which player had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Chris Ivory's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many first half touchdowns did Chris Ivory have?
Which kicker had more field goals?
Who kicked a field goal of at least 50 yards?
How many field goals were kicked in the game over 20 yards?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
What all touchdowns did the Saints make?
What all touchdowns did Chris Ivory make?
What all touchdowns did the Cowboys make?
What all field goals did David Buehler make?
What all field goals did Garrett Hartley make?
Who had three TD's in a row
Who got first score
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Steve Smith score in the first quarter?
How many second half touchdowns did Kevin Smith score?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the third quarter?
How many games had the Texans won before this one?
Which quarter did the Texans score in first?
Which team scored the most in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals did the Colts have?
What was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team did the Bear play in Super Bowl XLI?
How many field goals were made by both teams in the first quarter?
Who scored the game winning touchdown?
which team lost their home game?
Which two players worked together to get the first score of the night?
How many scores were made in the first quarter?
Which player tied up the game in the second quarter?
How many times did Romo and Owens work together to bring home the win?
Which quarterback had the shorter touchdown pass in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was Owens longest touchdown catch?
How many touchdowns did Terrell Owens have?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Tony Romo or Jason Campbell?
How many yards are the top two touchdown passes combined?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
How many more touchdown passes did Tony Romo make over Jason Campbell?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 50 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards shorter was Jason Campbell's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which touchdown passes did Jason Campbell make?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest touchdown passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes over 15 yards, Tony Romo or Jason Campbell?
Which quarterback had the shorter first half touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passing yards did Owens have?
How many yards was Owens' second longest touchdown catch?
In which quarter did only one team score?
How many field goal kicks did Suisham kick in the second half?
In which quarter did Suisham kick his longest field goal?
How many total yards did Suisham kick in field goals?
Was the longest play of the game a touchdown pass or a field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the longest field goal kick?
How many total yards did Owens catch in touchdown passes from Romo?
In which quarter was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes that were less than 10 yards long?
Which players threw touchdown passes in the second half of the game?
How many more touchdown passes did Tony Romo throw than Jason Campbell?
How many more yards did Tony Romo throw in successful touchdown passes than Jason Campbell did?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Jason Campbell?
How many years passed between Franz Claasen getting the deed to the Mary Poin Estate and the end of the Danish West Indies slave trade?
How many years were between the end of the slave trade and the declaration of emancipation in the Danish West Indies?
Which happened first, Franz Claasen becoming the first 'free colored" landowner or the African slave trade being ended by Denmark?
How many of the 11 escaped slaves returned to Leinster Bay?
How many of the escaped slaves moved to St. Thomas?
How many years passed between the Bristish emancipating their slaves in teh British West Indies and the slaves on St. Croix holding a mass demonstration?
How many more male than female slaves from St. John stole a boat and escaped to Tortola during the night?
Which event happened last, the British emancipation of their slaves in the British West Indies or the non-violent, mass demonstration of the Afro-Caribbeans of St. Croix?
How many years was it between the time Denmark ended African slave trade int he Danish West Endies and when the British emancipated their slaves in the British West Indies?
How many years after the slave trade was ended in teh Ddanish West Indies were the slaves finally emancipated?
After the slave trade ended was there still enslavement?
Who aided the van Stells'?
How was Franz Claasen rewarded?
What was Claasen given?
How many years after Denmark ended the slave trade in the West Indies did the British emancipate their slaves there?
How many men and women were from the Annaberg plantation?
How many passes did Hoyer throw incomplete?
How many passes did Hoyer complete?
Which player had a 4th quarter interception, Hoyer or Hawkins?
How many incomplete passes did Hoyer throw?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many incomplete passes did Hoyer throw?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the final points of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
how many yards did Mare get?
how many yards did Mare kick?
How many field goals over 30 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
Whose first half field goal was longer?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who made the most field goals?
Who made the second most field goals?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Mare kick in total?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the third longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Kris Brown make?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many points did Oakland score?
What was the shortest TD run
Who scored first
How many wins did the Raiders have on the season after losing to the Broncos?
How many losses did the Raiders have on the season after losing to the Broncos?
How many field goals did Broncos kicker Matt Prater make?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose by against the Steelers?
How many points difference is there between only two field goals?
How many points ahead were the Steelers ahead after Roethlisberger completing a 40-yard touchdown pass?
Who were the Browns going to play next week?
What team does Brady Quinn play for?
Phil Savage is whose general manager?
What team is Ken Dorsey on?
How many points did the Browns get on their first possession?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the Steelers get on the board with?
How many quarters did Frye play in?
How long was Jeff Reed's first field goal?
How many Browns players threw interceptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total yards of field goals did Jeff Reed make?
How long were each of Jeff Reed's field goals?
Which player caught the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Steelers ahead by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many offenses in the league were better than Washington's?
How many points did the Bears lose by?
Who had the longer TD run, Howard or Brown?
How many yards was the longest TD run?
How many yards was Hopkins' longest field goal?
How many field goals did Hopkins kick?
How many points did Bears lose by?
How many points in total were scored?
Which team scored first?
How many points behind were the Broncos late in the fourth quarter?
What was the final score?
Who scored more points, Colts or Broncos?
Which team completed the most yards?
What is the name of the player that returned an interception?
How many touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many yards of touchdowns were ran in?
How many more yards of running touchdowns were there compared to passing?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
What player kicked the longest field goal?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Was the touchdown pass longer or was the longest field goal longer?
Had the bengals been playing well?
How many yards was the first score of the game?
Who had a nine game losing streak?
What is the Pittsburgh Steeler's stadium called?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the first touchdown?
Who was in the lead of the first quarter?
Who was losing after the first quarter?
How many yards was the interception touchdown?
How many yards was the first field goal?
In what quarter was the first field goal made?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
Which team lost this game?
How many points did the Bengals get in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made by Robbie Gould?
Which team did Robbie Gould play for, Bears or Browns?
How many points did Browns score at half time?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
What was Gould's longest field goal?
How many TD runs did Matt Forte have?
What was Matt Forte's longest TD run?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first quarter?
Which quarter was the only one in which both teams scored?
Who did the Cardinal play in week 1?
How many points did the Vikings trail in the first half?
Which team lost this game?
How many quarters did Bridgewater play?
How many scoring drives did Teddy Bridgewater lead?
What happened before Bridgewater led the Vikings to a game-winning score?
How many quarters did Bridgewater play in?
Which team had the least points at final?
How many points were the Vikings losing by at halftime?
Who threw the touchdown pass that won the game?
Which players were in at Quarterback for the Vikings?
Who did the Eagles play before the Vikings?
Which team was Holcomb with originally?
Who is the Viking's kicker?
Who is the Eagle's kicker?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were the Vikings trailing by at halftime?
During which quarters did each team kick field goals?
Which countries border was established in 1922?
Who was made the the chief Muslim civil and religious ruler?
How many months did the Saudi conquest of Hejaz take?
What was the last Saudi conquest?
How many years do these events span for?
What event happened first, Jabal Shammar being annexed or the preliminary attack on Taif?
What event happened later, Jabal Shammar being annexed or the preliminary attack on Taif?
What event happened first, Saud deciding to take over Hejaz, or the preliminary attack on Taif?
How many months did the Saudi conquest take?
How many months did the attack on Taif last?
Which event happened first, Jabal Shammar was annexed or Kuwait was defeated?
How many months did the attack on Taif that began the Saudi conquest become complete?
Which did Ibn Saud take over first, Kuwait or Taif?
Which was the last city to be attacked by the Saudis?
Who is the Browns quarterback?
How many interceptions did Hoyer throw?
How many points did The Colts win by?
Who scored The Colts first TD?
How many total points were scored at the half?
Who caught the final TD pass?
Which quarterback threw more interceptions, Romo or Cutler?
In which quarter did neither team score?
Who many receiving yards did Marshall have for the game?
How many more yards was Jay Cutler's first touchdown over Tony Romo?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler have?
How many players threw touchdowns in the game?
Which players had interceptions for the Bears?
How many more receiving yards did Marshall have over Devin Hester?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes?
Which receiver had over 125 yards receiving?
How many touchdown passes did Tony Romo throw in the first half?
Which player scored a touchdown for the Cowboys in the first half?
Which players played the position of quarterback during the game?
Which team did Kyle Orton play for second, the Bears or the Cowboys?
Which players caught passes thrown by Romo in the first half?
Which players were the first two Bears to intercept Romo?
How many incomplete passes did Cutler have?
How many years did the 1st Squadron, the 10th Cavalry with the Infantry Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many years did the 2nd Squadron, the10th Cavalry, with the 7th Infantry Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many years was it from the time 1st Cavaly Division was activated until the last time they paticipated in Exercise Reforger?
How many years was it from the time 1st Cavalry Division was activated until the first time they participated in Exercise Reforger?
How many years was it from the time 1st Cavalry Division was activated until the third time they participated in Exerpixe Reforger?
How many years was it from the time 1st Cavalry Division was activated until the fourth time they participated in the Extercise Reforger?
How many years did the 1st Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 4th Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many years did the 2nd Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 7th Infantry Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many years passed between the 1st Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 4th Infantry Division's first participation and their last in Exercise Reforger?
How many years do these events span?
What was the last year that Exercise Reforger was carried out?
What was the first year that Exercise Reforger took place?
How many times did the 2nd Squadron, 10th Calvary with the 7th Infantry Division participate in the Exercise Reforger?
What years did the 1st Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 4th Infantry Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many years passed between the first and last time the 1st Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 4th Infantry Division participated in Exercise Reforger?
How many years did the 2nd Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 7th Infantry Division participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many different years did the 10th Calvary with the 4th Infantry participate in Exercise Reforger?
How many different years 10th Calvary with the 7th Infantry participate in Exercise Reforger?
Which was the latest year the 10th Calvary with 7th Infantry participated in Exercise Reforger?
What year was the first year the st Squadron, 10th Cavalry with the 4th Infantry Division participated in Exercise Reforger?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at halftime?
How many points did Cleveland lose by?
How many more touchdown passes did Roethlisberger have than Manziel?
How many more passing yards did Roethlisberger have than Manziel?
How many field goals did the Browns kick?
How many total points were scored?
How many rushing touchdowns did Le'Veon Bell have?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points was Pittsburgh ahead by at halftime?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
From what distance were two touchdowns runs scored from?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in the first half?
How many points did the Ravens lose by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total yards were Chris Boswell's combined field goal kicks?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in total?
How many total yards of field goals did Boswell make?
How many total yards of field goals did Tucker make?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Tucker kick in the third quarter?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many field goals did Boswell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Boswell kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Tucker kick in the third quarter?
How many seasons did Zanussis agree to be Real Madrid's sponsor?
How many colors does Real traditionally wear?
How many colors were released in the replica kit market?
Which was not the first shirt sponsor of Real Madrid, Zanussi or Adidas?
Which companies sponsored Real Madrid after Zanussi?
How many years did the contract with Teka last?
How many years after ending its partnership with Teka did Real Madrid sign a contract with Siemens AG?
How many years was bwin.com a sponsor for Real Madrid?
With which company is sponsorship longer, bwin.com or Fly Emirates?
Which sponsorship lasted fewer years, Siemens AG or bwin.com?
Who sponsored Real Madrid first, Zanussi or Parmalat and Otaysa?
What company sponsored Real Madrid last, Teka or Parmalat?
How many years passed between the Reals wearing the Siemens AG logo and the BenQ logo?
Who sponsored Real Madrid first, Seimens AG or BenQ?
How many years did bwin.com sponser Real Madrid?
How many years will Fly Emerates have sponsored the Reals when their contract expires in 2022?
Who were Real Madrid's first 3 shirt sponsors?
Who were Real Madrid's fourth and fifth shirt sponsors?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the last touchdown of the game?
Who threw the game winning TD?
Which player had the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player had the first touchdown catch of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were running touchdowns?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was Jeff Reed's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed kick?
How many yards was Jeff Reed's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many km closer to the city than the Toungoo did Hkonmaing camp?
Over how many months did the Confederations attempt an invasion of Prome?
Which to the invaders overrun last, Toungoo or Prome?
Where did the Confederation forces gather, Therawaddy, or Prome?
Where did the Toungoo navy go first, Tharrawaddy, or Thayet?
How many months did it take for the Ava armies to be driven back?
How many armies did the Confederation split into?
How many degrees warmer is it in July compared to January in the peninsula?
How many more millimeters of rain does the peninsula get in the rainy season compared to the dry season?
How many degrees does the temperature vary in January?
How many months does the rainy season last?
How many months does the dry season last?
Which area gets the most rainfall, the east , or the north?
Which part of Petén is warmer, the north or the south?
How many degrees make up the difference between the annual mean temperature and the lowest temperature on record in Merida?
How many degrees make up the difference between the minimum and maximum temperatures in Petén?
Does the wet season last longer, or is it the dry season?
Which area of Mesoamerica receives the most rain?
How many degrees higher is the temperature in Merida than the peninsulas lowest?
How many months does the rainy season last?
How many months does the dry season last?
Which happens first in the year, the dry season or the rainy?
Petan has the highest what
How many degrees C higher is the average temperature in July compared to January in the peninsula?
Which month is the temperature in the peninsula higher, January or July?
Which season lasts longer in the peninsula, the rainy season or the dry season?
How many more months does the dry season last in the peninsula compared to the rainy season?
How many millimeters more of precipitation annually does central Petén get compared to northeast Petén?
Which episode had more viewers: Redux I or Leonard Betts?
Which episode had fewer viewers: Redux I or Leonard Betts?
Which event had more views, the premier, or the season finale?
Which year had more views, 1993, or 1997?
Which happened first, the show had an average of 19.8 million viewers or an average of 15.40 viewers?
Which aired first, "Unruhe" or "Redux I"?
By how many positions did the show climb in the rankings between the first and third seasons?
Which episode had the most views?
How many more TV series were watched more in the 1997-1998 season?
Which had more viewers, the pilot or the season finale?
Which season did the series have a higher ranking, the first or second?
How many more millions of viewers watched the first season's finale compared to the pilot?
Which two days did the series air during the fourth season?
Which episode had more viewers, Leonard Betts or Redux I?
How many wins did the Rams have at the end of the game?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many points were scored by Jacksonville in the fourth quarter?
How many lead changes were there in the game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards did Jones-Drew get?
How many games had the Rams won before the game with the Jaguars?
Who made the winning score
Who scored in the third quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
How many times did either team score in the third quarter?
Who threw the only touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than Josh Scobee's?
How many more total field goal yards did Josh Brown kick than Josh Scobee?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest in the game?
How long were each of Maurice Jones-Drew's touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Maurice Jones-Drew have on touchdown runs?
Which Rams players scored touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's first field goal over his second?
How many yards in field goals did Josh Brown kick?
How many field goals were kicked in the game that were over 30 yards long?
What players kicked field goals in the game?
How many touchdown runs by Jones-Drew were longer than 2-yards long?
What were Maurice Jones-Drew's two longest touchdown runs?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
From what distance did both teams make a field goal?
From what distance did Matt Stafford throw two touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points in total were scored?
How did Vaccaro score in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points at the end?
How many points did NY win by?
Who had the most sacks for NY?
What did they tie with
Who score fourth quarter for the first time
How many points did the Eagles score?
Who was the Eagles leading rusher?
Which team scored more points, Eagles or Giants?
Over how many years did the Grupo Gay da Bahia state that there were 3196 cases of murders of homosexuals?
By how many more percentage points were gay men victims of homicide than trans women?
What does the Grupo Gay da Bahia state that 64% victims are the victims of?
By how many more percentage points were trans women or transvestites victims of homicide than lestians?
How many touchdowns did Bulger throw?
Who was the Packers leading rusher?
How many yards was the longest field goal that Cincinnati kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked by the Ravens?
How many touchdowns were from a passing play?
How many field goals did the Ravens kick in the game?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's first field goal compared to his last?
How many points lead did the Jets have over the Packers midway through the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest passing TD?
Which team was winning 21-3 in the second quarter?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
What quarter did the Jets lose the lead?
What did China want Taiwan called at the World Baseball Classic?
Which organization has ROC not been shut out of, the World Health Organization or the World Trade Organization?
What country does the "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kimmen and Matsu" refer to?
How many teams does the World Baseball Classic have?
How many teams were set to play in the World Baseball Classic?
How many names is the ROC known to go by in different organizations?
What is Taiwan's official documented name?
Which sport used the name "Chinese Taipei" to describe Taiwan?
What name does the WTO give ROC?
How many teams were set to compete in the 2006 World Baseball Classic?
Does the ISO 3166 include Taiwan as part of PRC or register them separately?
In the 2006 World Baseball Classic, the ROC ended up going under the same name as under what organizations?
What names has the ROC been given by international organizations?
What four cities does the WTO reference in their name for the ROC?
How many soldiers did the Maya outnumber the Spanish by in the plaza of Cisteil?
How many days after Cosgaya arrived did the battle begin?
How many people total were killed in the first skirmish?
How many men total fought on November 26, 1761?
How many more Maya than Spanish forces were there on November 26, 1761 in the plaza of Cisteil?
How many of Canek's force of 300 were not apprehended at Sibac?
What nationality was Captain Tiburcio Cosgaya?
How many from both sides were killed in the skirmish at Cisteil?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Who missed a field goal in the third quarter?
Which Bear had two touchdown receptions?
Which Cowboy had a rushing and a passing touchdown?
How many field goals did Dan Bailey kick in the first half?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many yards was the total of all touchdown scoring plays?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Cowboys win the game by?
Who team did Oakland beat the week prior to this game?
What was the score after the 2nd quarter ended?
What scoring play was over 100 yards?
How many yards did Arizona start with?
How many yards did Oakland have at the end of the game?
How many points did Arizona win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Arizona win by?
How many points do the Dolphins lead by after the first quarter?
How many total points did the Dolphins score?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus make?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Dolphins or Broncos?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes in the game, Manning or Tannehill?
Which team did the Rams beat the week before this game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
Which player scored the last points of this game?
Which team does Tannehill play for?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Dolphins leading by at the end of the first half?
How many field goals were attempted in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Broncos losing by at halftime?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who did Manning throw is fourth touchdown pass of the game to?
How many of Manning's four touchdown passes were thrown to Demaryius Thomas?
How many more yards was Brandon McManus' successful field goal than the field goal attempt he failed on?
How many yards difference was there between the longest touchdown pass Manning made to Demaryius Thomas than the shortest?
What quarter did Manning throw his first touchdown pass in?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the first touchdown?
Which team scored the most for the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made from more than 40 yards?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest pass play of the game?
How many points were the Bills up at halftime?
Who was the Packers starting quarterback?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
How many 50+ yard field goals were made?
How many TD passes did Romo throw?
Who scored the games longest TD?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
How many touchdown receptions did Patrick Crayton have?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many total yards were the first and last field goals kicked in the game?
How many yards in field goals did Nick Folk have in the first quarter?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How long were each of Tony Romo's touchdown passes?
Which player scored on the longest touchdown play?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals were made from longer than 50 yards?
How many combined field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which team did not score in the second half?
How many yards did gostkowski kick?
how many yards did ronnie brown get in a field goal?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did kicker Gostkowski kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the first half?
How many more field goals did the Patriots kick during the first half than the Dolphins?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker made the longest field goal of the game?
How many total yards did Gostkowski convert on his two field goals?
How many more yards did Gostkowski gain on his field goals when compared to Olindo Mare?
How many yards were gained when all field goals are taken into account?
How many yards longer was Olindo Mare's longest field goal when compared to Gostkowski's longest?
How many total yards were scored on all touchdown plays?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown score when compared to the two shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal when compared to the longest touchdown?
How many total yards were gained on the longest field goal and the longest touchdown?
How many yards long was the average field goal when all field goals are measured?
How many yards long was the average length of all touchdowns scored?
For how many months did Málaga hold out during a siege in 1487?
What was the spans of time between the capitulation of Vélez-Málaga and the beginning of the siege on Málaga?
How many months was Málaga under siege?
For how many months did  Málaga hold out during an extended siege?
Which ethnic group ransomed the Jews of malaga to spare them from slavery?
How many days did Málaga hold out during the extended siege?
Which wanted to surrender, the notables of Málaga or Ferdinand?
In which ways did Ferdinand torture the inhabitants once the city fell?
Which group of people were saved from Ferdinand's torture, inhabitants of Malaga or the Jews of Malaga?
who was the patriots QB
who was patriots TE
How many points did Lindell get the Bills on the board with?
How many points did the Patriots score to start their points?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored the first TD of the game?
How many touchdowns did Gronkowski score?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes longer than 4 yards did Tom Brady throw?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brady have in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Graham have?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which players kicked a field goal longer than 25 yards?
How many yards did both games score a field goal from?
How many yards longer was Graham's longest field goal kick than Lindell's shortest?
How long were each of Brady's TD passes?
How many interceptions did Vick throw?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many points did Cleveland win by?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Andersen make?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest pass of the game?
Which team led at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored from field goals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points were from touchdowns?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Morten Andersen's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Morten Andersen's second field goal compared to Phil Dawson's field goal?
Who scored a defensive touchdown?
Which quarterback ran in a touchdown in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were from passes?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were there in the first quarter?
Which team had the fewest points allowed?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Which team had the most points at halftime?
How many quarters did the Packers play behind in points?
Which non-EU country has the most imports and exports?
Who does Ireland have the greatest amount of trade with?
How many minerals does Ireland have significant deposits of?
How many of Ireland's GDP does not come from tourism?
Does Ireland have more exports or more imports with the EU?
How many more percentage points in exports does the United States have over the United Kingdom?
Which of these Ireland trading partners has the largest share of imports, the United Kingdom or the United States?
How many more imports than exports in percent does the United Kingdom have within the EU?
How many more imports than exports in percent does the EU have with Ireland?
Which trade does the EU engage in more?
How many more imports than exports does the UK trade within the EU, in percentage?
What does the United States trade less, exports or imports?
For which material is Ireland a larger producer, zinc or lead?
How many areas is Ireland a major import of?
Which is the UK a larger trading partner for, exports or imports?
What is Ireland one of the largest exporters of?
What two mineral concentrates does Ireland export?
How many EU member states have a higher annual trade surplus than Ireland?
How many percent of Ireland's exports do not go to the EU?
How many more percent of Ireland's imports come from the EU than from the United States?
What country has the largest percentage of imports: United Kingdom or United States
What trade has the highest percentage in EU: imports or exports?
What trade has the highest percentage in United States: Imports or exports?
How many in percent for Bangkok's gross provincial product wasn't wholesale and retail trade?
How many in percent for Bangkok's gross provincial product wasn't manufacturing?
How many in percent for Bangkok's gross provincial product wasn't real estate, renting and business activities?
How many in percent for Bangkok's gross provincial product wasn't transport and communications?
How many in percent of Bangkok's economy isn't wholesale and retail trade?
How many in percent of Bangkok's economy isn't manufacturing?
How many in percent of Bangkok's economy isn't transport and communications?
How many in percent of Bangkok's economy isn't financial intermediation?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is larger: Wholesale and retail trade or manufacturing?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is smaller: Wholesale and retail trade or manufacturing?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is larger: Wholesale and retail trade or transport and communications?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is smaller: Wholesale and retail trade or transport and communications?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is larger: Wholesale and retail trade or financial intermediation?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is smaller: Wholesale and retail trade or financial intermediation?
Which sector of Bangkok's economy is larger: manufacturing or financial intermediation?
How many percents more is Wholesale and retail trade compared to manufacturing in Bangkok?
What is the second largest sector of the economy?
Which parts of the economy are between 11 and 11.9%?
How many percent of the economy is wholesale and retail trade, manufacturing, and real estate, renting and business activities combined?
How many percent more is the second largest sector of the economy compared to the lowest?
How many more percentage points do wholesale and retail trade contribute to Bangkok's gross provincial product than manufacturing?
How many more percentage points do wholesale and retail trade contribute to Bangkok's gross provincial product than real estate, renting, and business activities?
Most of Thailand's service sector exists where?
How many games had the Chargers played before the game against the Colts?
How many interceptions were returned for touchdowns?
Which player scored the first td of the game?
How many total yards for touchdowns did Payton Manning get?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many times was a 1 yard td scored in this game?
How many field goals were made in this game?
Which team trailed early with Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger completing a 1-yard TD pass to TE Heath Miller?
Who completed a 15-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Stokley?
Which player returned a fumble 50 yards for a touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Steelers manage to complete in the fourth quarter?
Who won the game?
What was the shortest TD pass?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who caught two touchdown passes from Roethlisberger?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Which two players both threw 1-yard TD pass?
What was the longest TD pass?
How many 13-yard TD passes did Roethlisberger complete?
How many TD passes did Roethlisberger complete?
How many TD passes did Cutler throw?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored points first?
How many points did the Titans get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Titans score in the first half?
How many field goals did Bironas kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Bironas get in the second half?
Which running back scored the second longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards did Rudi Johnson and Kenny Watson gain on touchdown runs?
How many yards did Chad Johnson gain when all touchdowns are accoutned for?
How many yards per reception did Chad Johnson average in this game?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring 5-yards or less?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring longer than 5-yards in length?
How many yards were gained on the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on the shortest field goal and the longest touchdown when their values are combined?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas make in the first half?
What all touchdowns did Carson Palmer make?
What all touchdown passes did Chad Johnson receive?
What all field goals did Rob Bironas make?
What all touchdown runs did Cincinnati make?
How many losses did the Lions have before this game?
Which team allowed the least points?
Which team lost this game?
How many two point conversions failed in the second quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many TD runs did RB Artose Pinner get in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the third quarter?
When was Zhu Biao born?
How many years was Zhu Yunwen a crown prince?
Who was emperor first, Zhu Yuanzhang or Zhu Yunwen?
Who was entitled to a personal army?
What family does this passage cover?
How was Zhu Yunwen related to Zhu Baio?
When did Zhu Yunwen become the crown prince?
Who was crown prince first: Zhu Biao or Zhu Yunwen?
Who died first: Zhu Biao or Zhu Yunwen?
Who died second: Zhu Yuanzhang or Zhu Biao?
Who scored more points, the Steelers or the Jaguars?
how many yards did suisham kick?
how many yards did scobee nail?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee convert?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many field goals between 30 and 39 yards did Josh Scobee kick?
How many yards difference iwas there between the longest and shortest touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Jaguars trail by at halftime?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Scobee or Shaun Suisham?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which group made up a larger amount in the census, people or households?
Which  race had the least population in the town?
Which two groups had slightly more than 6% population but no more than 7%?
How many more African Americans were there than Asians?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
Which group had the largest group residing in the town, households or families?
How many more households are there than families residing in the town?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people residing in town than families
Which was the least percentage of racial group, White or African American?
How many percent of the population in town was not white?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census in the town is larger: White or two or more races?
Which group from the census in the town is smaller: White or two or more races?
Which group from the census in the town is larger: African American or Asian?
Which group from the census in the town is smaller: African American or Asian?
Which group from the census in the town is larger: Native American or Asian?
Which group from the census in the town is smaller: Native American or Asian?
How many racial groups each made up less than 1% of the population?
Which racial group made up more of the population, African American or Asian?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not any Race?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
Which racial groups are smaller than 4%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
Which races made up less than 1% of the population?
Which race made up more of the population, white or African American?
Which racial groups are smaller than 4%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Native American or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Native American or African American?
Did fewer working Las Vegas residents commute by driving alone or via carpool in 2016?
Did fewer working Las Vegas residents in 2016 commute using public transportation or by walking?
Were there more Las Vegas households without a car in 2015 or 2016?
Was the percentage of households without a car in 2016 higher or lower than the national average?
Did more working Las Vegas residents work at home or away from home in 2016?
How many more Las Vegas households, in terms of percentage, did not have a car in 2016 compared to 2015?
Did fewer working Las Vegas residents commute using "all other" forms of transportation or by walking in 2016?
Which commuter group had more people, those who commuted by driving alone or those who commuted via carpool?
Which commuter group had the lowest number of people, those that walked or those that used all other forms of transportation?
Which commuter group had less people, the group that had people who commuted via carpool or the group where people used public transportation?
In which year were there less people without a car, 2015 or 2016?
Which average of cars per household was lower, Las Vegas or national?
How many percentage of the Las Vegas residents commuted driving alone than carpooling?
How many percentage did Las Vegas households increase being without a car from 2015 to 2016?
What are all the forms of of transportation commuters use in Las Vegas?
How many people in Las Vegas carpooled than walked in 2016?
How many percent carpooled, used public transportation and walked combined in Las Vegas?
Which commute had the highest percentage in Las Vegas 2016, public transportation or carpool?
What are all the commutes with a higher percentage than walked?
Which year has the lowest average in Las Vegas, cars per household or national per household?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many touchdowns did Flacco throw?
Which team won the game?
What was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the first half?
Who had the longest touchdown catch of the game?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding make in the second half?
What all touchdowns did Philip Rivers make?
How many touchdown passes over 30 yards were made?
How many points did the Hurricanes shatter the previous franchise record by?
How many years did the Hurricanes attendance  increase averaging 15,600 per game?
How many more points did the NHL Hurricanes regular season 112 points have than the franchise record of 94 points?
Which happened first, the shrinking of payroll to $25m or attendance averaging under 15,600?
How many years did it take for the Hurricanes to achieve their best season ever by 2004–05?
How many more games were won than lost for the Hurricanes in 04-05?
How many years did it take for the Hurricanes to ever achieve passing a 50-win by the 04-05 season?
How many more points did the Hurricanes finish the regular season with 112 points then the previous  franchise record of  94 points
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in the 1st half?
Who had the most yards in this game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points were the Patriots ahead at halftime?
Who did the Patriots just lose against?
Which team did the Browns beat in the prior week?
Which player caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many yards was the Steelers first points from?
How many Super Bowl appearances do the Steelers and Cowboys have combined?
How many super bowls did Pittsburgh play against teams other than the Cowboys?
Which teams are the only ones to meet in the super bowl more than twice?
How many years had Vitslav III had sole lordship before he signed a contract of inheritance with the Danish king?
How many years after Vitslav III gained sole lordship did he agree to a contract of inheritance?
Who was the Danish King in 1168?
What was Vartislav IV's father's name?
How was Margaret related to Vitslav?
What happened first, the conquest of the temple fort, or the recognition of Danish suzerainty?
How many Danish leaders led the conquest at the temple fort?
Who ruled first, Vitslav III of Rügen, or Sambor?
How many years after Vitslav III of Rügen gained sole lordship over the territory did he agree on a contract of inheritance at Ribnitz with the Danish king, Eric VI Menved?
Who died first, Vitslav III or Sambor?
How many vassals did Eric VI have?
How many years after making the contract with Vitslav III did Eric VI die?
Who did Vitslav III ally with after Erik IV?
Who was Sambor's brother?
Who was Margaret's brother?
How many people had made an agreement with Vartislav IV for the Rügen fiefdom?
Who scored more points, Chicago or Washington?
Did the Bears win the game?
How many points did each team score during the first quarter?
How many interceptions were there during the game?
How many yards was the longest return after an interception?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Donovan McNabb throw for touchdowns?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many interceptions did DeAngelo Hall catch in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored off of interceptions?
How many yards longer was the last interception return over the first interception return
How many yards longer was McNabb's TD pass to Santana Moss than Jay Cutler's pass to Johnny Knox?
How many days passed between the limited and wide release of Full Metal Jacket?
How many theaters was Full Metal Jacket in at its widest release?
How many more dollars did the film gross the third weekend than the first?
How many dollars did the film bring in the first three weekends it was showing?
How many more theatres did the move play in during its widest release compared to its limited release?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which two running backs got touchdowns for the Eagles?
Who scored the first points of the game for the Eagles?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
What was the position of the player who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team kicked the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown play?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards were scored on rushing touchdowns?
How many yards long was the average length for rushing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns scored were shorter than 10 yards long?
How many yards did passing touchdowns total in this game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal when compared to the second longest field goal?
Which kicker scored the second longest field goal?
How many total yards did the two shortest field goals equal when combined?
Which team had a bye week 8?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
Which team scored second in the second quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total points were scored in the third quarter?
The game was tied before the beginning of what quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many more points ahead were the Jaguars at the end of the third quarter than they were at the end of the first quarter?
How many more points were the Jaguars and Colts tied for at the end of the game than at halftime?
How many more points were the Jaguars and Colts tied for with less than 30 seconds left in the game than they were at the end of the first quarter?
In what quarter was the only field goal of the game made?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Jaguars win by?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many punts did the Bengals make?
How many of Gostkowski's field goals were missed?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win the game by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored the shortest touchdown pass?
How many years did the growth last?
How many years was the time span that growth was supported by exports to the EU, primarily to Germany, and a strong recovery of foreign and domestic investment.
How many years was the time span where growth supported by exports to the EU?
How many years after the government passed increases in the Value Added Tax and tightened eligibility for social benefits did they intend this to bring the public fianace gap down to 4% of the GDP?
How many years after passing increases in the Value Added Tax did the government expect to see the public finance gap down to 4% of GDP?
What does EU stand for?
How many field goals did Brown have?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
How many yards was Brown's longest field goal?
How many total field goals were scored in the game?
How many total yards did Josh Brown kick for on September 10?
How many points did the Rams loose by?
How many AFC West opponents did the Rams face so far?
What was the last drive of the game by the Rams?
What state was Dunstable in first, Massachusetts or New Hampshire?
How manyyears after forming a township was Dunstable attacked by the Wabanaki Confederacy?
Who had more deaths, the town or the Wabanaki?
How many years passed between the original incorporation of the town and the incorporation as a New Hampshire town?
How many years after the survey was done was the town incorporated in New Hampshire?
How many years after incorporating in New Hampshire was town renamed Nashua?
How many years was Nashua split into two cities?
Why was Dunstable constructed?
Where did Nashville come from?
How many minimum cities and towns was Dunstable divided into?
What was the name of the town first: Dunstable or Nashua?
What was the name of the town second: Dunstable or Nashua?
How many roads does the name Dunstable appear in?
When tribes of the Wabanaki Confederacy raided Dunstable, how many people and natives were killed in total?
During the time when the northern New Hampshire half and the southern Massachusetts half had both prospered, how many different rivers/brooks did villages form along?
How many times had Nashua split into two separate towns before eventually becoming the City of Nashua?
How many years after Dunstable was incorporated as a township did the name of Dunstable dissolve completely after the last remaining part of it was renamed?
How many streets can the name of Dunstable still be found in?
What name was the area given first, Dunstable or Nashua?
What year did Nashua split into Nashville and Nashua?
What cities that start with an "H" was Dunstable, New Hamphire divided into?
How many years after the New Hampshire border was surveyed and adjusted was it incorporated as a New Hampshire town?
How many years after Nashua split into Nashua and Nashville did they rejoin and become the City of Nashua?
How many years after Dunstable was incorporated as a township was it renamed Nashua?
What was the new name given to Dunstable?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
By which means produced the longest touchdown?
How many yards difference was  Chris Johnson’s touchdown run compared to LenDale White's touchdown run?How many yards difference was Chris Johnson’s touchdown run compared to LenDale White's touchdown run?
How many field goals did Bironas kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Bironas kick in the second quarter?
Who threw a 31-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many more people are there than people per square mile?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many more families are there than people per square mile?
How many percent of people were not non-Hispanic White?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
Which is larger, families or households?
which is larger, amount of people or households?
Which are there more of White people or people from 2 or more race?
How many people, households, and families are in the city according to the census?
How many people and families are in the city according to the census?
How many households and families are in the city according to the census?
How many more people than households are in the city according to the census?
How many more households than families are in the city according to the census?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: households or families?
How many people and households are in the city according to the census?
How many people, households, and families are in the city according to the census?
How many people and households are in the city according to the census?
How many people and families are in the city according to the census?
How many households and families are in the city according to the census?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: people or households?
How many more households than families are in the city according to the census?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: households or families?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team was behind at the half?
Which team eventually lost this game?
How many games have the lions won?
How many games has Detroit won so far this season?
How many points did DeVries score?
How many touchdowns did Dillon score?
How many total losses has Detroit had this year?
Who is New England's kicker?
Who is Detroit's kicker?
Which player scored the last touchdown, Corey Dillon or Troy Brown?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Jason Hanson kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson third field goal over his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Hanson make than Gostkowski?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which kicker had more first half field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Jason Hanson or Stephen Gostkowski?
How many yards was Corey Dillon's longest rushing TD?
How many yards shorter was Corey Dillon's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the least number of field goals?
How many more field goals did Hanson kick than Gostkowski?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest one?
How many yards shorter was the shortest field goal than the second shortest one?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Hanson's total yards of field goals than Gostkowski's total yards of field goals?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Hanson's average yards of field goals than Gostkowski's average yards of field gaols?
How many field goals over 25 yards were scored?
How many years passed between the separation and the divorce of Amedo and Claude?
How many uears passed between the divorce and annulment of Amedeao and Claude?
Who did Amadeo marry first, Claude or Silvia Paterno di Spedalotto?
Who did Claude marry first, Amedeo or Enrico?
Who did Claude marry first, Amedeo or Arnaldo?
What happened first, a civil divorce or a annulment?
How many years passed between their civil divorce and their ecclesiastical annulment?
How many years passed between their separation and their civil divorce?
How many times inall was Claude married?
How many years do these events span for?
What event happened first, Amedeo and Claude officially seperating  or Enrico dying?
What event happened first, claude and Amedeo separating, or their civil divorce?
What event came first, Claude remarrying Enrico dying, or Amedeo and Claude officially separating?
What event came later, Enrico dying, or Claude remarrying twice?
What event happened later, Enrico dying, or Amedeo and Claude officially separating?
How many years passed between Amedeo and Claude's separation and their divorce?
Who were Claude's spouses between 1976 and 1982?
How many years after his marriage to Claude did Enrico die?
How many years passed between Claude's annulment and her next marriage?
Who remarried first, Claude or Amedeo?
Which event was a chaotic affair?
Which event happened in 1905?
Which event happened in 1905?
What was the Tsar's name?
What did the Tsarist troops do to the peaceful, unarmed crowd?
How many years was it between the war in 1917 and the Russian revolution?
Who was the Russian leader turing the revolution?
Who led Russia during its war with Japan?
While maintaining the stability of ubiquitous devotion to an autocratic monarch, Russia did NOT fail to modernize which of its archaic structures, political structure, industrial structure, or economic structure?
Which happened first, the mutiny on the Battleship Potemkin, or February Revolution?
When Tsarist troops fired upon a peaceful unarmed crowd, which leader was divided from his people, Richard Pipes or Nicholas II?
How many years did the American Community Survey encompass?
Which was higher, the meidan household income, or the median family income?
How many years did the survey last?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for females working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many percent of the population is not living below the poverty line?
According to the American Community Survey, which was larger, the median household income or the median family income?
How many individuals of the total population in percentage was NOT living below the poverty line?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full time year round then the medium income of females?
Was the median income higher for males or females?
How many more dollars was the median income for males compared to females?
Which was higher, the median household income or the median family income?
How many more dollars was the median family income compared to the median household income?
How many families, in terms of percentage, were not living below the poverty line?
How many years of data were these numbers generated from?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the city's total population, were not living below the poverty line?
How many people, in terms of percentage, who were living below the poverty line were not under the age of 18?
Were more people who were living below the poverty line under 18 or aged 65 and older?
How many years was the time span of the American Community Survey?
Which household had a higher median income for those working full-time, males or females?
How many more dollars per year did males earn compared to females in Indianapolis city?
How many more people living in Indianapolis city under the age of 18 were living below the poverty line compared to those who were 65 or older?
Which did the American Community Survey indicate was was higher, the median household income or the median family income?
How many more dollars was the median family income compared to the median household income for Indianapolis city?
How many years before Zápolya's death was Stephen Báthory born?
How many years old was Báthory when he was victorious in the resulting civil war?
What happened first, Zápolya's death or Báthory's visit to Italy?
Did Stephen Báthory have more brothers or sisters?
Which happened earlier, Stephen Báthory's visits to Italy or his capture by the Turks?
How many years old was Stephen Báthory approximately when he briefly visited Italy?
Which happened earlier, Stephen Báthory's visits to Italy or Stephen Báthory joining the army of Ferdinand I?
How many years old was Stephen Báthory when he visited Italy in 1549?
Which happened first, Stephen Báthory fighting for Ferdinand I, or Stephen Báthory fighting for John II Sigismund Zápolya?
What is the other name for Szilágysomlyó?
Who is Stephen Báthory's father?
How many more sisters did Stephen VIII Báthory have than brothers?
How many different roles did Báthory have as a supporter of Zápolya?
How many years after being made Voivode of Transylvania did Báthory emerge victorious in the civil war?
How many years after Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf was Random House itself acquired by Bertelsmann?
When was Alfred A. Knopf first founded?
How many typographers has Knopf paid close attention to?
How many years after Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf did they win the "Everyman's Library" series?
How many years after Atheneum books was founded did they stop publishing textbooks?
How many years after Alfred A. Knopf, Jr. found his own book company did Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf?
How many notable designers and typographers did Knopf employ?
How many years after Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf. did Koft published textbooks for?
How many years after Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf did Bertelsmann acquired Random house?
How many years after Alfred A. Knopf, Jr. founded his book company, Atheneum Books did  Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf?
How many years after Random House acquired Alfred A. Knopf did Bertelsmann acquire Random House?
What year was Alfred A. Knopf started?
Which happened first, the founding of Atheneum Books, or the acquisition of Alfred A. Knopf by Random House?
How many typographers and designers did Knopf employer over the years?
Which appears first in a Knopf book, the year of the book's current printing, or a description of the history of the typeface?
How many years after McGraw-Hill bought Random House's schools and colleges division did Knopf revive the "Everyman's Library" series?
What types of books are included in the "Everyman's Library" series?
How many years after Random House was acquired by Bertelsmann did the Knopf Publishing Group merge with Doubleday?
Who was Random House owned by first, Bertelsmann or Bertelsmann and Pearson?
What year did Knopf begin publishing?
How many years after the founding of Knopf publishing, was the company acquried by Random House?
how many passes did antonio bryant receive?
How many passes did aiken receive?
How many interceptions did butler get
How many interceptions did talib get?
How many passes did Watson receive?
How many interceptions did jackson get?
How many games had Tate played since injuries?
How many points did the patriots win by?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did New England win by?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Which players caught interceptions?
Which player caught two interceptions?
Which players caught interceptions from Brady?
Which players caught interceptions from Josh Johnson?
Which players threw at least two interceptions?
Who threw the caught longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards TD passes did Manning complete?
How many points did the Ravens end the game with?
Which players scored touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many first quarter touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw?
Who completed the second longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns passes did Marvin Harrison catch?
How many yards was Marvin Harrison's second longest touchdown reception?
How many total yards did Peyton Manning throw for on touchdown passes?
How many years did it take for Porsche Motorsports Research and Development to build and provide a full "Race" version for its customers?
Which part was different in the two versions of the 968 Turbo RS that were for sale?
How many kg difference is the weight of the Turbo RS version with the K27 turbocharger and the weight of the international spec version with the L41 turbocharger?
Which variation of the 968 Turbo RS weighed less?
How many years did it take for Porsche Motorsports Research and Development to build and provided a full "Race" version for Porsches customer race teams?
How many kg difference did the German ADAC GT specification weigh compared to the KKK L41 turbocharger?
Which specification was lighter in weight, the German ADAC GT or the KKK L41 turbocharger?
How many years were there between the discovery of the Americas and the formation of one Spanish kingdom?
Where did the Spanish go first, the Caribbean or Mexico?
How many years after Hernán Cortés left to explore the Mexican coast did Tenochtitlan fall to the Spanish?
How many years did the the military phase of the establishment of the Spanish colony of Guatemala last?
How many years did the Spanish rule over Yucatán?
Which did the Sanish control first,  Tenochtitlan or the Yucatán?
How many centuries did Spain control Verapaz?
How many years did the military phase of the establishment of the Spanish colony of Guatemala last?
How many years did the Spanish impose colonial rule over Yucatán?
How many total years did the military phase of the establishment of the Spanish colony of Guatemala last?
How many years after Columbus discovered the Americas did Cortés set sail?
How many years did the Spanish impose colonial rule over Yucatán?
In which centuried did the Spanish imposed colonial rule over Verapaz?
How many years passed between the Qing sending a military expedition to Tibet and the beginning of the Xinhai Revolution?
How many years was Gyangzê occupied?
Who had the least amount of influence in Tibet?
How many years before the occupation at Gyangzê did a British officer gain a permanent posting in Lhasa?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the Qing dynasty was overthrown, or the creation of the position "Head of British Mission Lhasa".
How many years after the Qing dynasty sent an expedition to Tibet were they overthrown in the Xinhai Revolution
What event occured first, the Xinhai Revolution or the Russo-Japanese war?
Which happened first, the Chinese invasion of Tibet or permanent British post in Lhasa?
How many years passed between the Qing military expedition for direct rule of Tibet and Chinese forces withdrawing again?
How many years was the position of British Trade Agent at Gyangzê occupied?
How many conflicts aided in the isolated of Tibet?
In what year did China invade Tibet?
How many years after the British left the Chumbi Valley was it before the Communist Chinese invaded Tibet?
How many years was the position of British Trade Agent at Gyangzê occupied?
How many years after the British left their physical occupation of Chumbi Valley did the British have a permanent posting in Lhasa?
How many years was it between the beginning of the Xinhai Revolution and Chinese forces leaving Tibet?
How did the Welfs inherit the Principality?
Who were fighting at the castle of Ricklingen
Who was Bernard's brother-in-law?
Which cause made Elector Wenceslas fall iil and die?
What happened last, Duke Albert's death or Elector Wenceslas' death?
How many years after Duke Albert's death did a fight flare up because his younger brother Henry did not agree with the ruling made by Elector Wenceslas appointing Bernard, Albert's brother-in-law, as co-regent?
How many years was the treaty of 1374 in effect?
How many years after Duke Albert's death did an inheritance agreement between the Welfs and the Ascanians conclude?
Who died first, Duke Albert or Elector Wenceslas?
How many years following the death of Duke Albert did the fighting resume?
How many of the nobility did Lüneburg ally with?
Who died first, Elector Wenceslas or Duke Albert?
How many years after the Treaty of Hanover did the battle at Winsen an der Aller occur?
How many types of aircraft does the Black and Baltic have in their fleet?
How many different air transports did the Caspian Flotilla operate?
Which ocean did Da Gama cross?
What country did the Second Voyage of India claim for Portugal?
What two prized metals were not found in Brazil?
What happened later, the Vasco de Gama reaching Calicut or leaving Lisbon?
How many years when Vasco da Gama left Portugal until they reached Calicut?
What was the basis of the name Brazil?
How many months did the 1497 voyage take to reach India?
Who sent the follow up voyages to Brazil?
How many years passed between the first and second voyage to India?
How many years passed between the two follow-up voyages from Portugal?
How many years passed between the fleet leaving Lisbon and the first contact?
Who led the first voyage to India, Vasco da Gama or Pedro Álvares Cabral?
How many years apart were the two follow up voyages that Cabral recommended to the Portuguese King?
How many years passed between the first and second voyage to India?
How many years passed between the first and third voyage to India?
How many years passed between the first and fourth voyage to India?
What years were there voyages to India?
How many men were on each ship that left on July 8, 1497, on average?
How many months passed between the fleet leaving on July 8, 1497 and first contact being made?
How many days passed between the fleet leaving Libon and them making first contact?
How many years passed between the second and fourth voyage to India?
How many months after leaving Portugal did Vasco de Gama reach Calicut?
How many years after Vasco de Gama arrived at Calicut was the second expedition dispatched?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored last in the first half?
How many field goals did Lindell kick?
Who received the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were there between 30 and 40 yards?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest?
How many touchdown passes occurred between 15 and 25 yards?
Who completed a touchdown pass from under 20 yards?
Who caught the only touchdown pass over 25 yards?
How many more total field goal yards did Rian Lindell get than Olindo Mare?
How many more field goals did Rian Lindell score than Olindo Mare?
how many yards did Lynch get in the first?
How many yards did Parrish return a punt?
how many yards did hasselbeck complete?
How many yards did Lindell get?
how many yards was Lindells field goal?
how many yards did moorman attempt but not get?
What religion was least prominent in 2008?
The Metropolitan Borough of Wigan was not part of which Dioceses?
How many percent of the total population were not an ethnic minority?
In 2001, were there more people Christian or Muslim?
How many fewer percent of people were Hindu than Muslim in 2001?
How many percent of people stated their religion on the 2001 census?
Which religions made up at least 4% more of the population than the Hindus?
How many religions each made up less than 1% of the population?
How many dioseces are in Manchester?
Who scored 3 touchdown runs?
Who caught 2 touchdown passes?
How many points did Dolphins score in the first quarter?
How many TD passes did Culpepper throw to Porter?
How many TD runs did Culpepper get?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the raiders first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more in the first quarter?
What was the shortest run to a touchdown?
what quarter did the Raiders score two touchdowns?
What was the longest touchdown scoring pass?
How many combined touchdowns did Culpepper have?
How many passing touchdowns did Culpepper have?
How many running touchdowns did Culpepper register?
Who scored more points, Oakland or Miami?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards were ran on Culpepper's two rushing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Daunte Culpepper's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Jerry Porter's second touchdown catch compared to his first?
What are the top two longest touchdown runs made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many total yards did Daunte Culpepper throw for touchdowns?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 2 yards?
Which touchdown passes did Daunte Culpepper make?
Which player scored more touchdowns, Daunte Culpepper or Ronnie Brown?
How many yards longer was Daunte Culpepper's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the third longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown runs between 3 and 15 yards were made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest touchdown pass and the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes longer than 5 yards did Daunte Culpepper throw?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Stephen Gostkowski kick from further than 40 yards?
What was the Falcons longest pass?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Gostkowski kick?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards did Matt Bryant kick?
What causes high productivity?
What had a detrimental effect on the mangroves?
Which covers more area, mangroves or seagrass meadows?
Other than the tsunami what else damages the mangroves?
Which is larger the mangrove or seagrass meadows?
What damages the seagrass meadows?
How many more acres, in km2, of mangrove forests than seagrass meadows occupy the Thai shores of the Malay Peninsula?
How many more km2 in area does mangroves cover than seagrass meadows?
How many more percentage points of the seagrass areas along the Andaman Sea were affected by siltation and sand sedimentation compared to that which suffered total habitat loss?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Browns score in the first half?
Which team scored the fewest points in the first half?
How much time was left on the clock when Suisham kicked the game-winning field goal?
Was the game ever tied?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play of the first quarter?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20 yards were there?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many more yards was Marshall's longest touchdown catch compared to his shortest touchdown catch?
Which player scored in the second quarter?
Who long was Boswells third quarter field goal?
How many field goals longer than 44-yards did Mike Nugent kick?
How many field goals longer than 43-yards did Mike Nugent kick?
How many field goals shorter than 44-yards did Chris Boswell kick?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Nugent kick?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
Which quarterback threw a longer touchdown pass, Roethlisberger or Dalton?
How many more field goals did Nugent kick compared to Boswell?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more did Nugent make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Mike Nugent have?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bengals lose the game by?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bengals trailing by at halftime?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored by Halftime?
Which player fumbled in the first quarter?
How many plays did the Bengal's first scoring drive last for?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many turnover did the Chargers have?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, BenJarvus Green-Ellis or Ladarius Green?
How many yards longer was Nick Novak's field goal compared to Mike Nugent's field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did both teams score combined in the first half?
Did the Bengals score more points in the first or second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards difference was Nick Novak’s field goal compared to Mike Nugent’s field goal?
How many yards difference was Rivers’s touchdown pass compared to Dalton’s touchdown pass?
How far into the season was it?
What tied the game?
What was the farthest field goal attempt?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Gradkowski throw?
how many yards did palmer throw?
how many yards did graham kick?
how many yards did Gradkowski get?
How many yards longer was Palmer's first touchdown pass compared with Gradkowski's first touchdown pass?
how many yards did carson palmer throw in the first?
how many yards did Gradkowski complete?
How many yards did Graham kick for the lead?
How many yards did Cincinnati increase their lead?
How many yards did the Bengals drive?
how many yards did the Buccaneers attempt and fail?
Who funded the Second Anglo-Dutch War?
How many times was Van Coehoorn promoted?
How many years did the Franco-Dutch War last?
How many years into the Franco-Dutch War was Van Coehoorn wounded?
How many years passed between Van Coehoorn being promoted Captain the the end of the Franco-Dutch War?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, William Frederick seeing his first action, or him being wounded?
What happened first, William Fredrick being promoted Major, or him seeing his first action?
How many years after his promotion did he first see conflict?
How many years after his promotion was he wounded?
How many years after his first conflict was he wounded?
How many different Princes of Nassau-Dietz promoted him?
How many wars are mentioned?
What happened first the Franco-Dutch War or the Second Anglo-Dutch War?
How many years did the the Franco-Dutch War last?
How many did he fight in 1674?
How many battles did he fight in after the wars?
How many years did the Franco-Dutch War last?
Which war occurred first, the Second Anglo-Dutch War or the Franco-Dutch War?
How many years after Van Coehoorn was promoted Captain did he first see action?
How many years after the Franco-Dutch War began was Van Coehoorn wounded?
Which three military rankings did Van Coehoorn hold during the 1660s and 1670s?
How many years after Van Coehoorn was promoted Captain did he fight at Grave and Seneffe?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed kick?
Which quarterback had a rushing touchdown?
How many 34 yard field goals were kicked?
What was Jeff Reed's shortest field goal?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdown plays were scored that were 5 yards or less?
How many touchdowns were scored in total?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals of 34 yards were scored in the second quarter?
How many 2 point conversions were made?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown catch?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 5 yards?
How many otuchdowns were longer than 20 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many first qhalf field goals did Hopkins kick?
How many second half touchdowns did Bradford throw?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many field goals were successful in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored during the third quarter?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
How many field goals did Hopkins kick in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the third quarter?
Which player had a rushing and passing touchdown?
How many TD were there in the whole game?
How many field goals scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks score in the first half?
Which quarterback had the most touchdowns in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many touchdowns did Jamal Lewis have?
How many times did Jamal Lewis score a touchdown from the one yard line?
how many yards did hasselbeck pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Phil Dawson or Josh Brown?
How many yards were gained on the two shortest touchdowns?
How many rushing touchdowns measured shorter than 5 yards long?
Which player had the longest touchdown run of the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the game?
How many yards were gained on the two longest scored touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on the two longest passing touchdowns?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards were gained on all touchdown runs?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 10 yards long?
How many field goals measuring longer than 30 yards were converted?
How many field goals measuring shorter than 30 yards were scored?
Which kicker scored the shortest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Dawson kick?
How many total yards of field goals did Brown kick?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many times was Jason Campbell intercepted?
Who fumbled in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team lost the coin toss?
Which team scored first in the fourth quarter?
How many turnovers did Ed Reed have in this game?
Who played the first game?
Who else played the first game?
How many was the shortest field goal?
How many games did the Packers have coming into this game?
How many touchdowns did the Packers make in the first quarter?
How many points did the Buccaneers have at halftime?
How many yards long was Barth's field goal in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Nelson make?
How many touchdowns did the Packers get in the first half?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player had the most catches?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team got on the scoreboard first?
Which player broke a record?
Which player had the longest TD pass?
Who had the shortest TD run?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many field goals did the Titans get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Titans get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Texans get in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Texans get in the first quarter?
How many of Rob Bironas' 8 made field goals were over 50 yards?
How many TD passes did Rosenfels complete from 7 yards?
How many of Bironas' field goals were over 30 yards?
How many total TD passing yards did Sage Rosenfels have?
How many of Bironas' field goals took place after the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards long, to 1 decimal place, were Rob Bironas' field goals on average in the first half?
How many yards long was Rob Bironas' second longest field goal?
How many yards long was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
Did Rob Bironas kick more field goals in the first half or the second half?
From what yard line did Rob Bironas kick multiple field goals?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards did Rob Bironas kick?
How many field goals 30 yards or longer did Rob Bironas kick?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fifth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the sixth longest field goal?
Which team was in the lead at the start of the 3rd quater?
Which team scored first?
How many points were the Cowboys trailing by at the half?
Who rushed for the longest touchdown of the game?
Who rushed for the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team beat the Redskins in week 6?
Which player scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which team was losing at halftime?
How many games did the Rams win their first four games?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
How many yards longer was Taylor Mehlhaff's first field goal over his second?
In which quarter did Drew Brees throw his shortest touchdown pass?
Which kicker kicked the fewest field goals?
Which non-quarterback player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Taylor Mehlhaff's first field goal compared to Sebastian Janikowski's?
In which two quarters did the Saints record both a touchdown and a field goal?
In which quarter did the Saints not record a touchdown?
How many points did Texans score in the first quarter?
How many points did Texans score in overtime?
How many points did Texans score in the second quarter?
How many points did Lions score in the second quarter?
who won the game?
who did the Texans play?
What did the Texans do before the Thanksgiving day game?
What caused the 14-14 score?
How many points were the Lions leading by at the half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team prevailed in overtime?
How many touchdowns did Arian Foster have in the game?
How many points did Lions score in the second quarter?
How many points did Texans score in the third quarter?
How many points did Lions score in the second half?
How many more points did Lions score in the first half than in the second half?
How many wins did the Texans start the day with?
Which player got the Texans on the board?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored two touchdowns in the first half?
Who had two touchdown receptions for the Chargers?
Which QB had more passing touchdowns?
Which QB had the longest passing touchdown?
Who scored the longest TD play for Pittsburgh?
Who caught the longest TD pass for the Chargers?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
How many touchdowns of less than 5-yards were scored?
How many total yards were scored on passing touchdowns?
How many touchdown pass were shorter than 10-yards in length?
Which two players had their first NFL touchdowns?
Who was the Panthers leading receiver?
How many games had the Panthers lost before this game?
How many points were scored during regulation?
How many in percent of the 810,388 didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of the 810,388 weren't Marriage living together?
How many in percent of the 810,388 were families?
How many in percent of the 810,388 weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of the 810,388 didn't have someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent are not a male living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent are not a female living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
which household was most common?
How many percent were not females 65 or older living alone?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
which household was least common?
which household was third most common?
which household was second most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not males 65 or older living alone?
How many percent were not females 65 or older living alone?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not males 65 or older living alone?
How many percent were not females 65 or older living alone?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was third most common?
How many more percent of the  people were married living together than had children?
How many more household individuals than someone living alone?
Which size was the the largest, house 2.52 or family 3.14?
How many more average was family size than household size?
How many more percent had children under age of 18 than female householder?
Which group had the largest percentage in the household, marriage living together or children under the age 18?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: non-families or Marriage living together?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many percent of the households of individuals were not of someone 65 and older living alone?
How many percent of households had children under 18 or were married living together?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent were not females 65 or older living alone?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
How many years was 215 the only area code in southeastern Pennsylvania?
Which area code existed first, 610 or 215?
Which is the newer area code, 267 or 610?
Which area code is older, 484 or 610?
Which area code covers the northern suburbs, 215 or 610?
How many area codes were in southeastern Pennsylvania in 1994?
How many total area codes are in southeastern Pennsylvania?
What was the last area code created for southeastern Pennsylvania?
How many years after southeastern Pennsylvania was given area code 215, was it split and given a second area code?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who caught the final touchdown of the game?
Which team had the most rushing touchdowns?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game, Sage Rosenfels or Josh McCown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more Lithuanians were taken prisoner than killed?
What day did the Russian commander betray his troops?
What day did the Lithuanians sound their retreat and obtain reinforcements?
Which happened first, the Lithuanian and German forces captured Seta or the 3rd and 4th Riflemen Regiments attacked Alytus?
How many days after the death of Povilas Lukšys did the forces capture Seta and force the Red Army to retreat?
How many days was it between the time the Red Army took over Jieznas and it was taken back by the Lithuanians?
Who was the first Lithuanian officer to die on February 12?
How many total points did both teams score in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passes did Kurt Warner throw?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards was Kasay's shortest field goal during the second half?
How many total field goals were kicked during the second half?
Which players scored running touchdowns?
How many more field goals did Kasay score compared to Rackers?
How many yards were there between Kasay's shortest and second shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many yards was John Kasay's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was John Kasay's shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were running touchdowns?
How many people, households, and families resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
How many people and households resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
How many people and families resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
How many households and families resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
How many more people than households resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
How many more people than families resided in the county according to the 2000 United States Census?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is larger in the county: people or households?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is smaller in the county: people or households?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is larger in the county: people or families?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is smaller in the county: people or families?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is larger in the county: households or families?
According to the 2000 United States Census, which group is smaller in the county: households or families?
How many more households were there than families?
How many people were part of the race that made up most of the population, in percentage?
How many people were part of the race that made up the least amount of the population, in percentage?
Which were there more of Norwegian people or German people?
How many more Norwegians were there than Germans, in percentage?
Which groups are at least 19000 in size?
Which groups are between 12000 and 19000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals over 45 yards were made?
How many passing tds were scored?
Who was the first player to score?
In which quarter did the Steelers first score?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have for 40 yards or more in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Drew Brees have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw that were less than 20 yards?
How many different players did Drew Brees throw a touchdown to?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers have?
How many yards in field goals did Suisham have in the first half?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards in touchdown passes did Brees have?
How many total yards did Shaun Suisham make in first half field goals?
How long were each of Shaun Suisham's first half field goals?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick in the first half?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal over his shortest?
Which player caught the second longest touchdown pass?
How long were each of Drew Brees's touchdown passes?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How many yards in total were completed in passes by Ben Roethlisberger during the first quarter?
How many passes were made by Ben Roethlisberger in the second quarter?
How many consecutive games had the Steelers won prior to this game?
How many passes did Ben Roethlisberger not complete in the game?
How many TD passes did Roethlisberger complete in the first quarter?
How many yards was Roethlisberger's longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns did Washington score?
Which team scored the fewest touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many field goals were scored inthe game?
How many field goals did Reed kick?
How many touchdown passes longer than 16 yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 16 yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first quarter?
Did Ben Roethlisberger throw fewer touchdown passes in the first quarter or the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes longer than 29 yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 29 yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
How many yards long was Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass in the first two quarters?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
Which two Steelers' players each had two touchdown catches?
How many passes did Ben Roethlisberger not complete?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes compared to his first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many total fumble recoveries and interceptions did James Harrison have?
Swami Shraddhananda died how many years after 100 Moplah prisoners were sent by train from Malabar to Coimbatore?
How many Moplah prisoners survived the train from Malabar to Coimbatore?
How many years after the Moplah prisoners died in the train to Coimbatore was the Swami stabbed by Abdul Rashid?
who had to ride in unventilated goods wagons?
What kinds of wounds did the prisoners have?
How many different kinds of wounds did the prisoners suffer inside the wagons?
How many men did not die out of the 100 put on the train?
What did Arya Samaj create?
How many years passed from when the Moplahs were forced into wagon to when the Swani was stabbed to death?
How many of the 100 Moplah prisoners survive the journey?
How many years after the ethnic cleansing of 1921 was the Swami Shraddhananda murdered?
What city did the train stop at first Malabar or Coimbatore?
How many prisoners survived the five hours' long journey?
Which happened earlier, the Moplah prisoner deaths or the creation of the Suddhi Movement?
Who caught 2 passes in the first quarter?
What team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many field goals in the game were kicked?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards did Steve Smith combine for on his first two touchdowns?
How many more yards was Steve Smith's second touchdown relative to his first?
Which quarterback's initial touchdown was longer in length?
How many yards longer was Matt Schaub's first touchdown compared to Jake Delhomme's first touchdown?
How many yards were accumulated on the first three passing touchdowns?
How many more yards were scored on the third touchdown when compared to the total of the first two?
Which wide receiver caught the first touchdown pass longer than 30-yards?
Which wide receiver had the most touchdown yards in the first quarter?
Which wide receiver had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards did the longest touchdown from each team combine for?
How many yards longer was the Panthers' longest touchdown when compared to the Texans' longest touchdown?
How many yards did Kris Brown gain on field goals measuring less than 35-yards in length?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
Who scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
Which player had more touchdown yards, Smith or Johnson?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the second longest?
How many yards less was Brown's first field goal compared with his second?
Were there more touchdowns in the first quarter or the second quarter?
How many more touchdowns were there in the first half compared with the second half?
How many more civilians were killed in 393,000 compared to 100,000?
How many less civilians were killed in 100,000 compared to 393,000?
How many days were inbetween German forces surrendering and the unconditional surrender being signed?
How many civilians were killed in total?
When did the Battle of West Hunan end?
How many in percent weren't destroyed of the built-up areas?
What happened first: Germany surrendering in Italy or signing the surrender?
What happened second: Germany surrendering in Italy or signing the surrender?
Who had more rushing yards, Nathan or Craig?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
Who recorded more sacks, Board or Johnson?
Who was the first player to score 3 touchdowns in a Super Bowl?
What "unofficial" title did Sport Illustrated give Gary Johnson?
How many more interceptions did Marino have than touchdowns?
Who had the most touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns did Craig have than Marino?
How many pass competitions did Marino not complete?
Which did Marino accomplish more of, touchdowns or interceptions?
Who scored more touchdowns, Craig or Marino?
Who caught the most passes, Nathan, Tyler or Clark?
How many more passes were caught by Clark than by Tyler?
Did Marino have more touchdowns or interceptions?
Who caught more passes, Clayton or Nathan?
Who had a higher average of yards per caught pass, Clayton or Nathan?
Who had a higher average of yards per caught pass, Clayton or Clark?
Who had more punt return yards, McLemore or Walker?
How many receiving yards did Clark, Clayton, and Nathan have combined?
Who had more combined passing and rushing yards, Craig or Nathan?
How many rushing yards did Nathan, Craig, and Tyler have combined?
Who had more combined rushing and passing yards, Tyler or Nathan?
Which players each had 135 combined rushing and passing yards?
Who had a higher average of yards per caught pass, Tyler or Clark?
How many of Marino's passes were incomplete?
Which players had more than 5 catches?
Which player had more passing yards, Tyler or Clayton?
Who had more punt return yards, Walker or McLemore?
How many more punt return yards did McLemore have compared to Walker?
Who had more sacks Board or Johnson?
What was the day and month that the ending of the battle that led to the deaths of 12000 Azeries?
Which clash happened last the one in Baku or Shusha?
How many months did it take from the first clash until tensions grew and the beginning of conflict between Armenia and Azeri?
How many Azeri lives were lost in the conflict?
Which group experienced 12,000 deaths?
How many years did it take for the first clashes between the Armenians and the Azeris to escalate into open conflict?
How many people died per day on average from March 30 to April 2?
What date was the last day of fighting that started on March 30, 1918?
When did thte 50-day countdown end?
How many schools stacked a number through a video tribute?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games, or beginning of the 50-day countdown?
What event happened first, a series of festivities being held at the Singapore Sports Hub, or the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games?
What event came later, the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games, or a series of festivities at the Singapore Sports Hub?
What event happened first, the launch party at the Gardens by the bay, or the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games?
Which event happened first, the closing ceremony, or the firework display?
How many months before the festivities were held at the Singapore Sports Hub did the countdown to the  games begin?
What happened first, the countdown to the games at Gardens by the Bay, or the Nanyang Polytechnic students countdown event?
How many organisations had video tributes?
How many organizations showed various videos tribute during the Southeast Asian Games 50- day countdown?
Where were the festivities held in February during the Southeast Asian Games, Gardens by the Bay or Singapore Sports Hub
Which festivities did the Southeast Asian Games hold first, firework display or countdown games?
What was the mascot that was introduced on February 15th for?
When was the sports carnival held?
How was the start of the countdown to the games celebrated?
Who scored first, the Cowboys or the Eagles?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which team scored last?
How many yards was the longest run for a touchdown?
How many more points were the Boys leading by at the end of the game than they were at halftime?
Which players threw touchdowns in the game?
Which players had receiving touchdowns for the Eagles?
From what yard line did the Cowboys have a field goal and touchdown?
What players kicked field goals of 35 or more yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the second half?
Are there more exports or imports of electricity?
Is there more import or export of oil?
Which is higher, natural gas consumtion or exportation?
How many KWh made the deficiency when you take the amount of electricity exports from the electricity imports?
How many percent out of 100 (rounded to the nearest tenth) of the total natural gas production in m³ were the natural gas exports in m³?
How many more bbl/d of oil is imported compared to exported?
How many agriculture products were available?
How many natural resources were available?
What are all the animals under Agriculture products?
How many days after Lleyton Hewitt took back the No. 1 ranking from Roger Federer did Agassi recapture the No. 1 ranking once again and held it for 12 weeks?
How many days did it take Agassi to recapture the number one ranking after Lleyton Hewitt took it back?
How many points did the packers lead in the first quarter?
How many points did the Packers score before halftime?
How many points did the Packers win the game by?
How many games have the Packers won this season?
How many points did the Lions score?
How many points did the Packers have at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Packers winning by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many NFL games did Chris Johnson play before this one?
How many yards did Johnson rush?
How many touch down passes did Young pass to Johnson?
how many yards did johnson rush?
how many passes did Young throw for a TD?
how many times did Garrard get sacked?
how many weeks did the AFC south win streak last?
How many points were the Cowboys loosing by at halftime?
How many points did the Cowboys have at the end of the game?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
How many points did the 49ers score in the second half?
how many points did the niners lead by?
How many points did Dallas trail by at the half?
Which team scored more second half points?
How many yards did Bulger complete?
How many yards was Hightower's TD?
How many points did David Stanley score in the game?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Warner throw?
Which team did the Panthers beat in week 8?
How many points got the Rams on the board?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Cardinals win the game with?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
Which two players both completed two TD passes?
Who completed both the longest and shortest TD passes?
How many more yards did Rackers kick in his first field goal than his second one?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
Which team lost the game?
Which player had an interception?
What film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination first: The Keys of the Kingdom or The Yearling?
What film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination last: The Keys of the Kingdom or The Yearling?
What film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination first: The Keys of the Kingdom or Gentlemans Agreement?
What film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination last: Twelve OClock High or Gentlemans Agreement?
What film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination first: Twelve OClock High or Gentlemans Agreement?
What film did Peck appear in first: The Gunfighter or Moby Dick?
What film did Peck appear in last: The Gunfighter or Moby Dick?
Which film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination last: The Yearling or Gentlemans Agreement?
Which film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination first: Gentlemans Agreement or Twelve OClock High?
Which film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination last: Gentlemans Agreement or Twelve OClock High?
Which film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination first: The Keys of the Kingdom or Twelve OClock High?
Which film did Peck receive an Oscar nomination last: The Keys of the Kingdom or Twelve OClock High?
Which film did Peck appear in first: Spellbound or The Gunfighter?
Which film did Peck appear in last: Spellbound or The Gunfighter?
Which film did Peck appear in first: Roman Holiday or Moby Dick?
Which film did Peck appear in last: Roman Holiday or Moby Dick?
What movie did Peck recieve an Oscar nomination for last?
How many notable movies did Peck have roles in during the 1940s?
What five notable movies did Peck have roles in during the 1940s?
What was the last notable movie Peck held a role in?
How many years did Peck's movie career span?
Which notable films was Peck in during 1958?
How many notable films was Peck in during the 1950s?
Was Peck in more notable films in the 1950s or the 1960s?
How many years passed between Peck's first notable film and his last?
How many years passed between Peck's first and last Oscar nominations?
Which films was Peck in that showed twice?
In which films released before 1947 did Peck receive Oscar nominations?
Which films from the 1970s did Peck appear in?
Which films was Peck both a part of in 1958?
How many Oscar nominations did Peck receive in 1962?
How many years apart was the first and last Oscar nomination received by Peck?
How many years apart was the Oscar nomination for The Big Country from The Guns of Navarone?
Which film came out first, Spellbound or The Bravados?
How many Oscar nominations did Peck receive between 1944 and 1959?
How many films did Peck appear in after 1959?
How many films did Peck appear in before 1950?
How many films was Peck nominated for an Oscar before 1950?
Which films was Peck nominated for in the 1970s?
How many films was Peck nominated for and were also a miniseries?
How many years after being nominated for The Gunfighter was Peck than nominated for Roman Holiday?
How many jobs in the primary sector were not in agriculture?
How many types of jobs were in the primary sector?
How many types of jobs were in the secondary sector?
How many different types of jobs were in the tertiary sector?
How many in percent of jobs in the tertiary sector weren't information industry?
How many in percent of jobs in the tertiary sector weren't movement and storage of goods?
How many in percent of jobs in the tertiary sector weren't hotel or restaurant?
How many in percent of jobs in the tertiary sector weren't insurance or financial industry?
How many in percent of jobs in the tertiary sector weren't technical professionals or scientists?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is larger: hotel or restaurant or movement and storage of goods?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is smaller: hotel or restaurant or movement and storage of goods?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is larger: information industry or education?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is smaller: information industry or education?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is larger: health care or education?
Which group of jobs in the tertiary sector is smaller: health care or information industry?
What gender had the most employed residents, male of female?
What industry made up most of the jobs in the secondary sector?
How many percent of jobs were not in manufacturing?
How many percent of jobs were not in mining?
How many percent of jobs were not in construction?
How many percent of jobs were not in wholesale?
How many, in percent, of residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity were male?
How many more of jobs were in agriculture than forestry?
How many more of jobs were in agriculture than fishing?
How many more of jobs were in manufacturing than agriculture?
How many more of jobs were in manufacturing than fishing?
How many more of jobs were in manufacturing than mining?
How many more of jobs were in construction than in the movement and storage of goods?
How many more of jobs were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles than in the movement and storage of goods?
What all jobs are in the primary sector?
What all jobs are in the secondary sector?
Who were the leaders involved in the 1545 massacre?
What one event caused the massacre?
Where was Polin going before the massacre?
What happened first: Arrêt de Mérindol or devastation of villages?
What happened second: Arrêt de Mérindol or devastation of villages?
Who were the three leaders in the 1545 massacres?
What happened first, the Italian Wars or the crusade against the Waldensians of Provence?
where the chargers are flew out?
who have the contest?
How many field goals did the Giants score?
How many passes did Rivers throw to Jackson?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass by Rivers?
How many total yards did Rivers throw for touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass over the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What all touchdowns did Philip Rivers make?
How many total yards in touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make?
What all field goals did Lawrence Tyne make?
Which players caught touchdown passes from over 5 yards?
Who threw touchdown passes from under 10 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes get in the fourth quarter?
How many different players caught TD passes?
Which team did the Vikings play in week 10?
Was Culpepper playing for the Vikings or the Raiders during this game?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick during the first half?
How many points were scored during the third quarter?
How many yards was Janikowski's longest field goal?
How many points did the Vikings win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many points did the Vikings win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did Minnesota win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Ryan Longwell?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How caught the last Brown's touchdown?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick?
Which player threw the the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many TD passes did Stafford complete?
Which players did Stafford throw passes to?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many touchdowns longer than 50 yards were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 50 yards long were scored in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which quarterback threw longer touchdown passes on average in the first half?
How many yards long were Matthew Stafford's touchdown passes on average in the first half?
How many yards long was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Dawson make than Hanson?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many total yards in TD passes did Brady Quinn have in the first quarter?
How many yards were each of Dawson's field goals?
How many more touchdowns did Quinn throw in the first half than in the second?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the first touchdown for the Eagles?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which player scored the shortest field goal of the game?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw the second shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Donovan McNabb throw for touchdowns?
Which players threw at least two touchdown passes?
Which touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb make?
How many touchdown passes were completed between 20 and 40 yards?
How many yards shorter was Donovan McNabb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Donovan McNabb or David Carr?
How many TD passes of 30 yards or more did Donovan McNabb throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Donovan McNabb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the second half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Akers kick?
How many total field goal yards did Brown kick?
How many more touchdowns did the Eagles score than the Texans?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown play?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
Which team got on the scoreboard first?
Which team did not score during the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did McNabb throw during the first half?
How many yards was McNabb's shortest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
what was the final score?
who was the jets QB?
Who scored more points, Bills or Jets?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many games did the Bills lose to the Jets this season?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which team lost the game?
Which team won in their fist meeting this season?
Which teams scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the field goal in overtime?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many points did San Diego lose by?
From what distance did the Ravens kick two field goals?
How many unanswered points did the Ravens score to overcome a fourth quarter deficit to the Chargers?
How many points did San Diego lose the game by?
How many yards did the Ravens need to convert on fourth down at the end of the game?
How many more losses than wins did San Diego have after this game ended?
Which teams beat San Diego back to back earlier in this season?
How many total points were scored after the 7:51 mark of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
How many touchdowns did Dallas score in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored at halftime?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many total touchdowns were scored?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which Bear had a receiving touchdown?
How many comeback wins did the Lions have?
Which team lost their week 4 matchup?
Which team didn't allow any points in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which player recorded an interception in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Prater kick than Barth?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the second half?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Lions win by?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Lions winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which kicker had less field goals?
How many yards shorter was Matt Praters first field goal compared to his second field goal?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Prater kick?
Who made a 32-yard field goal?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards were made?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player had the longest rushing TD?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Kris Brown?
How many field goals were kicked in the game total?
How many field goals did Kris Brown kick?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many yards was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal?
How many yards was Adam Vinatieri's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's shortest field goal than his longest?
How many yards was Kris Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were running touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals over 35 yards were made in the game?
Who made more field goals in the game, Vinatieri or Brown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many interceptions were there in this game?
How many touchdowns did Ben Tate have?
How many 53 yard field goals did Gostkowski make?
How many 50+ yard field goals did Gostkowski make?
How many points did New England win by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many more Ukrainians were there than Russians?
How many Gagauz people were there than Bulgarians?
How many more Gagauz people were there than Russians?
How many more Ukrainians than Gagauz people were there?
How many Ukrainians than Bulgarians are there?
How many more Russians than Bulgarians were there?
How many people were there all together?
Which group had the lest people?
Which people had the second most people right after the Ukrainians?
How many years spanned from the massive drop of population in the lands controlled by the Chisinau?
How many years spanned from when Gagauz' population has risen since 2004?
Which population rose in numbers instead of declining like the others?
How many year time span was there where the percentage of Gagauz had risen slightly from 4.4% to 4.5%?
How many more people declared themselves Ukrainians than Russians?
Did more people declare themselves Gagauz or Bulgarians?
How many percentage points had the proportion of Ukrainians fallen in the area controlled by Chisinau?
Which population was the smallest in the area controlled by Chisinau?
Were there more Russians, or rmore Ukranians?
Were there more Gagauz people or Russians?
Where there more Bulgarians, or more Ukranians?
How many percentages has the proportion of Ukrainians and Russians in the area controlled by Chisinau fallen between 2004 and 2014?
How many percentages has the Gagauz population risen between 2004 and 2014?
Which population was larger, Russians or Bulgarians?
Which population was larger, Ukrainians or Gagauz people?
Between 2004 and 2014, how many fewer percent Ukrainians live in the area controlled by Chisinau?
Between 2004 and 2014, how many fewer percent Russians live in the area controlled by Chisinau?
Between 2004 and 2014, how many more percent of Gagauz people have moved to the area controlled by Chisinau?
Which population was alrger, Gagauz people or Bulgarians?
How many percent of people were not Ukrainian in 2004?
How many percent of people were not Ukrainian in 2014?
How many percent of people were not Russian in 2004?
How many percent of people were not Russian in 2014?
How many percent of people were not Gagauz in 2004?
How many percent of people were not Gagauz in 2014?
How many more people declared themselves Ukrainians than Russians?
How many points did the percentage of Gagauz rise between 2004 and 2014?
How many more Ukrainians were there than Russians?
How many more Ukrainians were there than Gagauz people?
Which group had more people, Gagauz people or Russians?
Which group made up the smallest portion of the population?
What kind of pass did Ryan Grant score a touchdown on?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
What was the halftime score?
Who scored the Packers second touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould make?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
Which players made caught touchdown passes in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
how many yards did rodgers complete?
how many yards did packers score
how many yards did the bears tie witH?
how many yards did orton pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many more yards in field goals were there in the first half compared to touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many touchdowns were under 10 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Did the Packers score more points in the first half or the second half?
Did the Bears score more points in the first half or the second half?
How many yards in field goals were there over the entire game?
How many yards longer was Ryan Grant's touchdown compared to all other touchdowns combined?
Which players scored 3-yard touchdowns?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Denver score?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Kaeding make than Prater?
Who scored the longest TD of the game?
How many touchdown passes of at least 40 yards did Rivers throw?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 40 yards?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
Which players scored touchdowns of 3 yards or less?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Cutler have?
How many touchdown passing yards did Rivers have?
Which player had more touchdown yards, Sproles or Chambers?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
How many more field goals did Kaeding kick compared with Prater?
How many children of the 23686 households were under the age of 18 and living at home?
Which group had more people living at home with no spouse present, female or male?
Which had a lower average, household size or family size?
How many more households, in percentage, were non-families than were made up of individuals?
Which age group made up most households, the households of those under the age of 18 or households with someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
which household was least common?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
How many percent did not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not married living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many of the original districts did Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim lose?
Which came first the Treaty of Quedlinburg or the Main Treaty of Hildesheim?
How many years did Prince-bishop John IV live after giving up his prince-bishopric?
How many treaties are mentioned?
How many year have passed between John IV giving up the prince-bishopric and his death?
How many districts did Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim lose in the conflict?
What treaty was signed first: Treaty of Quedlinburg or Main Treaty of Hildesheim?
What treaty was signed second: Treaty of Quedlinburg or Main Treaty of Hildesheim?
How many districts did the Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim lose after the Treaty of Quedlinburg?
How many Amters was the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel awarded?
How many abbeys was the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel awarded?
How many towns was the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel awarded?
How many districts did the Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim lose in the Treaty of Quedlinburg?
How many original districts was Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim left without?
Who gained more from the Treaty of Quedlinburg, the princes of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel or the Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim?
Who were they parties affected by the Treaty of Quedlinburg?
How many districts did the Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim lose?
What districts did the Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim keep?
How many districts did the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and the Principality of Calenberg each recieve?
How many years after it's signing was the Treaty of Quedlinburg modified by the Main Treaty of Hildesheim?
How many years after giving up the prince-bishopric did John IV die?
What treaty was signed first, the Treaty of Quedlinburg or the Main Treaty of Hildesheim?
How many years after the Treaty of Quedlinburg was established was it revised?
How many years after Prince-bishop John IV gave up the prince-bishopric did he die?
What territories remained with the principalities of Calenberg and Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel after the revision of the Treaty of Quendlinburg?
How many points did the Jets score?
Who scored their first career touchdown in the game?
How many reception yards did Oliver have?
How many yards did both Jets quarterbacks throw for?
How many rushing yards did San Diego have?
How many rushing carries did Branden Oliver have?
How many passing attempts did Rivers have?
How many incomplete passes did Rivers have?
How many more completions did Rivers have than Geno Smith?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many passes did Geno Smith and Michael Vick combine for?
How many more females were over the age of 18 were there compare to males for every 100 females?
How many percentages of the population is 18 or older?
How many more females aged 18 and over are there for every 90.5 males?
How many more percentages of the population is from 25 to 44 compared to 45 to 64?
How many in percent wasn't under 18 for the county?
How many in percent wasn't 18 to 24 for the county?
How many in percent wasn't 25 to 44 for the county?
How many in percent wasn't 45 to 64 for the county?
How many more females were their than males for every 100 of each type that were 18 and over for the county?
Were there more males or females?
How old was the majority of the population?
Were there more residents under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
Which age group was the least represented in the population?
How many more females over the age of 18 per 100 compared to males?
Was there a higher population in the county of people from the age of 25 to 44 or from 45 to 64?
How many more people lived in the country that were age 45 to 64 compared to 65 years of age or older by percent?
Which age group was the most prevalent?
Which age group was the least represented?
Were there more of the population aged 65 and older or between age 45 to 64?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or under the age of 18?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old is the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which groups in percent are larger than 16%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which population group had more numbers, those aged from 45 to 64 or those from 25 to 44?
For ever 100 females, how many fewer males were there?
For every 100 females age 18 and over, how many fewer males were there?
What age group had the smallest percent of population?
What age group had the largest percent of population?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which age group had the least people?
How many more percentage from 18 to 24 than under the age of 18
What age group has the highest percentage of the population in the county?
How many more females than males?
How many more females 18 and over than males?
How many more percentage of under 18 than 65 years and older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 25%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 15%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many touchdowns did Mike Karney score?
How many incomplete passes did Brees have?
How many total passes did Brees have this game?
Which team scored more points, New Orleans or Dallas?
Who had the longest touchdown play?
Which player had 3 touchdown?
Which team tried an onside kick in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Tony Romo throw?
How many interceptions did Tony Romo throw?
How many all purpose yards did Reggie Bush have?
How many passes did Tony Romo throw?
How many points did the Saints win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Who threw for over 350 yards?
How many points did New Orleans win by?
How many games have the Patriots lost so far?
Who lost this game?
What team scored first?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
Which Patriot scored the first touchdown?
How many passes did Brady complete?
How many total points were scored?
How many receivers caught a TD for the Patriots?
Which player had a fumble, Matthew Slater or Shea McClellin?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points combined did the teams score?
How many passes did Tom Brady attempt?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in total?
Which team scored first?
Who recovered the Slater fumble?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady have in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Bills have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady have in the second half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski score total?
How many yards was the only rushing touchdown by the Patriots?
Which yard line did both teams score from?
Which two Patriots receivers scored 53 yard touchdowns?
What all touchdowns did Brady make?
Which all players caught touchdown passes from Brady?
How many yards difference was there in Bradys touchdown pass to Amendola compared to Hogan?
How many yards difference was there in Bradys touchdown pass to Amendola compared to Gronkowski?
How many yards difference was there in Bradys touchdown pass to Amendola compared to Edelman?
How many yards difference was there in Bradys touchdown pass to Hogan compared to Edelman?
How many yards difference was there in Bradys touchdown pass to Gronkowski compared to Edelman?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Tom Brady in the first half?
Which team scored on the first play of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brady have?
How many points had the Patriots scored by halftime?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw in the second half?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Anderson throw?
Who started at quarterback for the Panthers?
How many interceptions did Derek Anderson throw?
How many of Matt Ryan's touchdowns were caught by players other than Julio Jones?
How many interceptions did Derek Anderson throw?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many interceptions did O'Sullivan throw?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Which team punted first?
How many interceptions were there in the first quarter?
Which team scored first?
Which quarterback threw the first interception?
How many interceptions were there in the first quarter?
In which quarter were the most interceptions thrown?
Which team allowed the moat points?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did New England lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Gostkowski make?
How many treaties were signed?
How many different wars took place?
Which war happened last?
How many years did the Polish-Ottoman War last?
In which year did Petro Doroshenko Hetman try to take Ukraine?
Who signed a treaty in 1669?
who were the allies of the Cossacks?
Who did the Tatars try to capitalize off of?
Who stopped the Tatars?
Who gained an armistice after the Battle of Podhajce?
Who was in the alliance with Cossack?
How many years did the Polish-Ottoman War last?
Who signed the 1669 treaty?
What 2 things did the treaty do?
During what did the decades long war weaken Ukraine forces?
Who were the allies of the Cossacks
Who gained an armistice?
How many years did the Polish-Ottoman War last?
How many years before the start of the War did Petro Doroshenko Hetmansign the treaty with Sultan Mehmed IV?
Who served as Khan of Crimea first, Adil Giray or Selim I Giray?
How many points did the Falcons get on the first quarter?
How many weeks into the season did the Lions get a bye?
How many points were the Lions ahead in the first quarter?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first quarter?
How many games did the lions win before this game??
How many yards longer was Jones' first quarter score compared to Hanson's first quarter score?
How many yards was Hanson's second longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Hanson have?
Which quarterback threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players had touchdown runs of less than 5 yards?
In which quarters did both teams score touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Jones' longest touchdown run compared to his shortest touchdown run?
How many total yards did Hanson have?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many new models were released between 1970 and 1975?
How many vehicles were sold in 1977?
How many more vehicles were sold in 1978 than in 1977?
Which models were released between 1970 and 1975?
What car brand is the Estate Wagon?
What buick model was made first: Estate Wagon or Buick Centurion?
What buick model was made last: Estate Wagon or Buick Centurion?
What buick model was made first: Buick Apollo or Buick Skyhawk?
What buick model was made last: Buick Apollo or Buick Skyhawk?
What buick model was made first: Buick Centurion or Buick Apollo?
What buick model was made last: Buick Centurion or Buick Apollo?
Which Buick was created first, Buick Apollo or the Estate Wagon?
How many years apart is the creation of the Skyhawk from the Buick Apollo?
How many years after the Buick Centurion was introduced was the Buick Apollo introduced?
How many years apart are the Estate Wagon and the Buick Skyhawk?
When was the Electra 225 and LeSabre  redesigned and downsized?
How many years did the Buick lineup see a redesign?
How many Buick models were added during the 1970s?
Which model was added last, Buick Apollo or Buick Centurion?
How many years after the Buick Apollo was added was the Buick Skyhawk added?
Which Buick was the second model added in the 1970s?
What models did Buick add in the 1970s?
Which model was introduced first, the Apollo or the Skyhawk?
How many models were redesigned in 1978?
Which Buick models were redesigned for the company's 75th anniversary?
How many more cars did Buick sell in 1978 than in 1977?
How many years after the introduction of the Apollo was the Century redesigned?
How many points did the Bills win by?
How many touchdowns did the Bills score in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bills winning by at halftime?
Which team did not score a touchdown in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Packers score in the first half?
How many interceptions did Joey Harrington throw?
From what distance did Mike Nugent make two field goals?
What was the longest field goal scored in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who scored first
Who won the game?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals kid Ryan Succop kick?
Who caught a touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did the game have?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Ryan Succop make in the game?
Who caught the only interception of the game?
How many years did these events span?
For how many years did Louis II try to depose Anne de Beaugeu?
How many years passed between when the power struggles started and when the term Mad War was coined?
How many battles did Anne de Beaujeau and Louis II of Orleans have?
How many years did the War of Brittany last?
How many years did the second phase of the "Mad War" last?
How many months after the first phase of the "Mad War" ended did the second phase of the conflict begin?
How many years after the end of the first phase did the second phase end of the Mad War?
How many years after the second phase of the Mad War ended was Histoire des faicts, gestes et conquestes des roys de France published?
How many months did the second phase of the Mad War last?
How many wins did the Jets have after this game?
How many wins did the Bills have after beating the Jets?
How many years do these events span for?
How many yeras was Saint George's uprising?
How many years after the start of the Saint George's Night Uprising began did the shift of sovereignty from Denmark to the State of the Teutonic Order take place?
How many years did the Saint George's Night Uprising last for?
How many years did Saint George's Night Uprising take place?
How many years after teh Saint George's Night Uprising ended unsuccessfully was the Duchy of Estonia sold for 19,000 Köln marks by the King of Denmark to the Teutonic Order?
How many years did Saint George's Night Uprising last?
How many years did French troops expand their control over all six provinces for?
How many different years were some overtures made by Thialand in?
How many years was between when Napoleon III sent an embassy and when French warshps brought a Thai embassy to France?
How many were the years between when Napoleon III sent an embassy and when French troops began expanding their control?
How many years did it take French troops to form Cochin China?
Which Asian countries signed treaties with France in the 1860s?
Which country signed a treaty with France first, Thailand or Cambodia?
King Mongkut received an embassy sent by who?
What country signed a treaty with the French?
What city of Vietnam did the French take after Da Nang?
What country did France protect?
How many years passed between the 1856 treaty and de Genouilly's attack of Da Nang?
How many years passed between de Genouilly's attack of Da Nang and his capture of Saigon?
How many years passed between the 1856 treaty and de Genouilly's capture of Saigon?
How many years passed between the 1856 treaty and the new treaty between France and Siam?
How many years passed between de Genouilly's attack of Da Nang and the new treaty of 1867?
How many years do these events span?
How many years did the overtures last?
What event happened first, the august treaty, or the july treaty?
What event happened later, the august treaty, or the July treaty?
What event happened first, French gunships attacking the port of Da Nang, or the August treaty being signed?
What event happened first, French warships bringing a Thai embassy to France, or the August treaty?
How many years did French troops expand their control?
How many years did French troops expand their control over all six provinces on the Mekong delta?
Was the GDP per capita higher in 2012 or 2013?
How many places does China fall in overall competence rank when Tiawan in included?
How many dollars higher was the average urban disposable income over the average rural disposable income?
How many percent lower is the unemployment rate in Nanjing compared to national average?
In 2013 in China, how many cities had a GDP rank higher than Nanjing?
How many Chinese cities ranked higher in overall competence in 2013 than Nanjing?
What year was the GDP per capita higher, 2012 or 2013?
Which had a higher disposable income on average, rural residents or urban residents?
How many more RMB was the average urban residents' disposable income compared to the average rural resident?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
How many straight wins had the Seahawks over the Rams?
How many points ahead were the Rams in the fourth quarter?
Which team had a penalty?
How many points behind were the Seahawks in the fourth quarter?
How many penalties did St. Louis get during this game?
How many penalties did the Seahawks get during this game?
How many yard passes did Jackson catch?
how many yards did Scobey return?
how many yards did scobey return?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many yards did Murray rush for?
What may have caused Harvin to be traded?
Which kicker had the highest accuracy of the three mentioned?
Which team allowed the most points?
how many yards did jim brown rush?
how many yards did bailey get in the 3rd?
Who was the first player in NFL history to rush for 100 yards in the first six games of a season?
How many players have rushed for over 100-yards during the first 6 games of the season?
How many percentage points separated Dan Baily from Mike Vanderjagt in accuracy rankings?
How many field goals did Dan Baily miss over his first 110 field goals?
How many wins did the Cowboys have after the game?
How many points difference is there between Mike Vanderjagt's FG percentage and Gostkowski's FG percentage?
How many points difference is there between the most accurate kicker in NFL history's FG percentage and the third most accurate FG percentage?
how many field goals had Dan Bailey missed in his career
How many field goals did Tucker kick?
How many yards was Joe Flacco's first touchdown pass?
How many yards was Tuckers longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the winning team win by?
How many field goals did Justin Tucker make?
From what distance did the Steelers score two touchdowns?
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
Which player caught the first touchdown of the game?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the least points in the first half?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than in the first?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many total yards were Flacco's and Roethlisberger's first touchdowns combined?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Justin Tucker score in the second quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Justin Tucker make?
How many points did The Ravens lead with by halftime?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
Which corps of the Imperial Army had more troops - the South or the North?
How many days from the conquer of Nyitra was the defeat of the Ottomans?
Which area had more troops, the south or the center?
Who had more men, Grand vizier Köprülü Fazıl Ahmed or Raimondo Montecuccoli?
How many more troops did Raimondo Montecuccoli have than Louis Raduit de Souches had?
How many men total are in all 3 corps of the Imperial Army?
How many more men are in the center than the south?
How many more men are in the center than the north?
How many more men are in the south than the north?
Which corps had more men, the one under Raimondo Montecuccoli or Miklós Zrínyi?
Who was in control of the fewest number of men among the three corps of the Imperial Army?
Who was in control of a larger army, Köprülü Fazıl Ahmed or Raimondo Montecuccoli?
How many more men did the main army of Raimondo Montecuccoli have as compared to that of Louis Raduit de Souches?
How many days after Souches' army first conquered Nyitra did they defeat the Ottomans under Mehmet Küçük?
Which army had the most men?
The county was formed in?
Orange County was greatly reduced in area in
the northern half of what was left of Orange County became Caswell County in?
How many years after Orange Country was formed, was it greatly reduced in area?
Which was created first, Caswell Country or Alamance County?
How many rivers did the English Quakers of Durham County settle along?
Parts of how many counties made up Orange County?
Who was William V of Orange's grandfather?
Who was King George's grandson?
How many years after being formed was Orange County reduced in area?
Who was Anne's son?
Guilford County was formed by combing parts of what two counties?
Parts of what three counties combined to become Wake County?
Parts of what two counties were combined to form Durham County?
Who was the Grand Duke of Lithuania?
Who was the husband of Queen Anna Jagiellon?
Who was the Voivode of Transylvania?
How many years did Stephen Báthory live?
How many years did Stephen Báthory occupy the throne?
How many years old was Stephen Báthory when he died?
How many years old was Báthory when he became the third elected king of Poland?
How many years did Stephen Bathory rule?
How many years did Stephen Bathory live for?
Who was born first: Stephen VIII Báthory or Stephen Báthory?
Who was born second: Stephen VIII Báthory or Stephen Báthory?
How many years old was Stephen Báthory when he died?
How many kings were elected for Poland before Stephen Báthory?
Which areas was Stephen Báthory ruler of?
How many years was Stephen Báthory Voivode of Transylvania , Prince of Transylvania?
How many of the five Marshal of the Soviet Union appointed in 1935 died during Stalins purge?
How many of the 57 corp commanders were not killed?
How many of the 456 colonels were not killed?
How many Red Army corps commanders were NOT killed?
How many Red Army colonels and army commanders were killed, in total?
How many Red Army officers in percentage were NOT dismissed because of their poor performance in the invasion of Poland and in the Winter War?
How many Marshals of the Soviet Union survived Stalin's purge?
Which military group suffered the most losses from the Great Purge?
Which military group had the fewest survivors from the Great Purge?
How many of the Marshal of the Soviet Union appointed in 1935 did not survive Stalins purge?
Which lost more commanders, the army commanders or the corps commanders?
Which military divisions saw a loss of over 20 personnel?
How many of the five Marshal of the Soviet Union appointed in 1935 did not survive Stalins purge?
Which had more people killed, army commanders or colonels?
How many officer groups saw over half of their soldiers killed?
How many years did Whitaker cover politics while he was in Atlanta, Georgia?
How many years was he a correspondent for CBS News in Tokyo?
How many years passed between Whitaker first becoming a CBS News correspondent and becoming a correspondent for 60 MInutes?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Whitaker became correspondent for the CBS news program 60 minutes, or him becoming a correspondent for WBTV?
What event happened later, Whitaker becoming a correspondent for WBTV, or for the CBS news program 60 minutes?
What event happened first, Whitaker becoming a CBS News Tokya correspondent, or a WBTV correspondent?
What event happened first, Whittaker joining CBS news as a reporter or him being made a correspondent for 60 minutes?
How many years did Whitaker  cover politics in Atlanta, Georgia?
Which happened first, Whitaker moved to Los Angeles or to Atlanta, Georgia?
What happened first Whitaker began a career at KQED or he became a correspondent for WBTV?
How many years was he a Tokyo correspondent ?
Where did he move after Tokyo?
Where did he move first  Los Angeles or New York?
How many catches did Calvin Johnson have?
How many pass attempts were thrown to Calvin Johnson?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the 3rd quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many offensive touchdowns did the Broncos score?
How many third down conversions did the Dolphins miss?
How many yards did the Broncos have in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos make in the game?
How many times did the Broncos score in the game?
How many thrid downs did the Broncos convert?
What title was Patrick Sarsfield given?
Who gave Patrick Sarsfield the title of Earl?
How many field goals did Steven Hauschka kick that were less than 40 yards?
What was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many yards did Hauschka get in the first?
How many yards did Hauschka get in the second?
How many yards did Mason pass?
How many yards did Moreno get in his td run?
Which team kicked the most field goals?
Did Hauschka kick more field goals in the first half or second half?
How many yards longer was Hauschka's first field goal compared to his last?
Which quarter had the most total yards that resulted in a score?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How many field goals did Steven Hauschka kick in the first half?
Did Hauschka kick more field goals in the first half or the second half?
How many yards was the shortest play of the game?
In what quarter did the shortest yard play of the game occur?
Which team scored the most points in field goal kicks?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by the Ravens?
How many total yards in touchdown runs were there in the entire game?
In what quarter did the Broncos first score?
How many times did the Ravens score in the first half?
How many times did the Ravens score in the second half?
How many more times did the Ravens score in the second half than they did in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Baltimore score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards difference was there between Moreno's touchdown run and Rice's touchdown run?
Who scored a touchdown run first, Ray Rice or Knowshon Moreno?
In which half were there more field goals, the first half or second half?
How many yards longer was Hauschka's longest field goal versus his shortest?
How many touchdowns shorter than 10 yards were there?
Which players scored on touchdowns of 20 yards or longer?
Which player scored on the shortest touchdown play?
who was responsible for the San Diego touchdown passes in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Kaeding boot?
How many TD passes did Rivers complete?
Which players did Rivers throw passes to?
How many points did the Raiders score in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many points from touchdowns did the Chargers score?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points did Kaeding put on the board?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were thrown in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards were each of the Raiders' touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns did Rivers have in the first half than the second?
What year did Kengyun rebel after surrending the year before?
How many years did it take to put the Kengyun rebellion down?
Anaukpetlun's forces took Kengtung how many years before Kenghung and Kengyun both surrendered?
Anaukpetlun's forces took Kengtung how many years before Thalun and Minye Kyawswa II invaded the Chinese Shan states?
Thalun and Minye Kyawswa II invaded the Chinese Shan states how many years before they surrendered?
Between 1720 and 1740, how many more inhabitants were there?
Between 1740 and 1812, by how many people did the population grow?
In 1812, how many inhabitants were not Jews?
How many more people were there in 1861 than in 1852?
How many more Jews were there in 1861 than in 1812?
Between 1885 and 1905, by how many people did the population grow?
In 1905, how many more Jews were there than in 1861?
Between 1905 and 2009, by how many people did the population grow?
How many more Protestants than Catholics  at the end of World War II?
How many more inhabitants in 1740 than in 1720?
How many Protestants, Catholics and Jews in Poland?
What year had largest amount of inhabitants, 1812 or 1740?
How many more inhabitants ten years later than in 1852?
How many more inhabitants in 1812 than in 1740?
How many more settlers in 1905 than in 1885?
How many more than double was the population in 1740 from 1720?
How many people in 1812 were not Catholics or Jews?
How many people in 1861 were not Catholics or Jews?
How many people in the population in 1905 were not Catholics, Jews or Protestants?
How many people in the year of the invasion were not Protestants, Catholics or Jews?
How many more people were in the population the year of the invasion than in 1720 and 1852 combined?
How many total Protestants, Catholics and Jews were there in the year of the invasion?
How many total Protestant, Catholics and Jews were there in 1905?
How many more Catholics and Jews were there in 1861 over 1740?
Swedes entered the war under who's command?
How many Scots in Swedish men were there?
Who knew that Wallenstein was waiting for the attack and was prepared?
Who killed Wallenstein?
Who was killed in by Captain Devereux?
who was killed in battle?
Which army won the Battle of Lützen?
Which forces were smashed at the First Battle of Nördlingen?
Which forces smashed the Protestant forces?
How many more troops under the command of General Sir James Spens and colonels such as Sir Alexander Leslie, Sir Patrick Ruthven, and Sir John Hepburn were there compared to the men under the command of James Marquis Hamilton?
Did Adolphus have fewer Scottish or German mercenaries?
How many more Scots were in Swedish service at the end of the war than there were at the beginning?
Who die first, Tilly or Ferdinand II?
Who died first, Tilly or Gustavus Adolphus?
What happened first, the Battle of Lützen or Wallensteins attempt at arbitration?
Who was killed later, Gustavus Adolphus or Wallenstein?
Which battle happened first, the Battle of Lützen or the First Battle of Nördlingen?
How many countries did Gustavus Adolphus recruit mercenaries from?
Where did Gustavus Adolphus recruit mercenaries from?
How many Scottish soldiers were there before Sweden even joined?
How many men all together including the scots and James Marquis Hamilton's men?
Who did Ferdinand II  think would betray him?
Who killed Wallenstein?
Which event happened first, the assembly adopted a temporary Constitution or the Land Reform Act was passed?
Which event happened first, the Land Reform Act was passed or the agreement signed between Estonia and Latvia?
Which event happened first, the assembly adopted a temporary Constitution of Estonia or the Estonian Constituent Assembly was elected?
How many days did it take to elect the Estonian Constituent Assembly?
Which group was formed first the Latvian forces, or the Ingrian forces?
How many points was the former after Cedric Houston scored a touchdown after Coles did?
How many points was the latter after Cedric Houston scored a touchdown after Coles did?
Who won
What quarter put Texas on the board
How many passes of Carr's were incomplete?
How many of Carr's passes were not caught?
How many points did the  Texans lose by?
How many years ago two Manning brothers met in a game before 2010?
In which quarters did Giants score touchdowns?
How many points did Colts score in the fourth quarter?
How many points did Colts score in the third quarter?
how many points did the colts lead by at halftime?
how many points did the colts win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Colts win by?
James Hepburn's title was what?
When do the mayor and council members vote?
Which event happened first, the election of mayor Tecklenburg or the rejection of Amendment 1 by Charleston residents?
How many additional votes were needed in Charleston to pass Amendment 1?
What cause had more votes statewide?
Statewide, how many percentage points did Amendment 1 pass by?
How many more people rejected Amendment 1 in Charleston than supported it?
How many more in percent did same-sex marriage win by?
How many more votes against same-sex marriage were there in Charleston?
How many years has John Tecklenburg been mayor?
By how many votes did Charleston reject Amendment 1?
What measure passed by 78% to 22%?
Which voters voted to pass Amendment 1 banning same-sex marriages, Charleston's residents or those Statewide?
How many more voters in Charleston voted to reject Amendment 1 to ban same-sex marriages?
By how many votes did Amendment 1 get rejected by the voters?
What positions does John Tecklenburg fill?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal made by Kaeding and the yards of the field goal made by Carpenter?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal made by Kaeding and the number of yards of the TD pass to Camarillo?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal made by Kaeding and the number of yards of the TD run by Brown?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal made by Kaeding and the number of yards of the TD pass to Chambers?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the dolphins have?
Which team scored the most touchdowns?
Which two receivers scored a touchdown for 17 yards?
Which team scored a 17 yard touchdown first?
How many field goals over 40-yards were scored?
How many 17-yard touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total yards were scored on passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest field goal?
From what distance did two players catch touchdown passes?
Which players caught 17-yard touchdown receptions?
How many years did price inflation fall between 2003 and 2004?
How many years did it takefor the guarani to fall from 14.2 percent to 4.3 percent?
By how many percent did inflaction fall between 2003 and 2004?
How many percentage points did Paraguay's price inflation fall between 2003 and 2004?
How many percent did price inflation fall between 2003 and 2004?
How many touchdown receptions did Calvin Johnson have in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the game?
How many more yards was Antonio Brown's second touchdown over the first?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Lions make before halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Akers kick by half time?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the third quarter?
Who failed a field goal attempt in the second half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Akers miss in the second half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was Calvin Johnson's longest touchdown in the first half compared to his shortest in the first half?
How many more touchdowns were there compared to field goals in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards in touchdown scoring plays were there in the first half?
How many yards long, to one decimal place, were touchdowns in the first half on average?
How many yards of field goals were there in the first half?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were field goals kicked in the first half on average?
How many more yards of field goals kicked in the first half by Shaun Suisham were there compared to field goals kicked by David Akers in the first half?
Which players scored multiple touchdowns in the first half?
Who had more yards in touchdown scoring plays in the first half, Calvin Johnson or Antonio Brown?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
What happened first, the Battle of Kurikara or the seige in Kyoto?
Who died later, Kiyomori or Munemori?
Which happened first, the loss of Kyoto or the Emperor being taken into custody?
How many sacks did the Bears defense have on Bradford by the end of the game?
What was the score before Bradford's touchdown pass that cut the margin to ten points in the last 5:41?
Which player scored more field goals, Connor Barth or Blair Walsh?
Which event happened first, the Dutch capture of Colombo or the Dutch capture of Batticaloa?
What happened first: Malacca succumbing or the Dutch capturing Colombo?
Which European power were the Dutch attempting to take territory from before launching their assault on Spanish territory?
How many years did it take after Malacca succumbed for the Dutch to drive the Portuguese out of Ceylon?
How many years after conquering Batticaloa did it take the Dutch to conquer Galle?
Which city was conquered first, Batticaloa or Galle?
Which happened first, establishing a colony at Tayouan or the taking of northern Formosa?
How many ships assaulted Macau?
Who did the Dutch conquer first, Batticaloa or Galle?
How many years after the Dutch conquered Galle and the alliance broke down was an alliance remade between the Dutch, Portuguese and Kandyans?
How many years after the remade alliance did the Dutch capture Colombo?
How many years did it take the Dutch after capturing Colombo to drive the last Portuguese from Ceylon?
How many years ago was the bailiwick moved to Bad Mergentheim?
Which happened earlier, the taking of Bailiwick of Franconia by the Teutonic Order or the founding of the Swabian League of Cities?
How many years passed between the possession of Franconia and the founding of the Swabian League of Cities?
Where was the residence if the balilwick more recently located, Ellingen or Bad Mergentheim?
Which was formed first the Swabian League of Cities or the Teutonic Order?
Was the residence place of the bailiwick last at Bad Mergentheim or Ellingen?
How many years was the residence' place of the bailiwick at Elligen?
How many years after the Teutonic Order was formed and took over it's first possession in Franconia was the Swabian League of Cities founded?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score?
Who had the longest scoring play?
Which player kicked three field goals?
Who threw for more touchdowns, Osweiler or Brady?
Which team scored first in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
What team scored the first field goal?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Lawrence Tynes score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes longer than 9 yards did Tony Romo throw?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many scoring plays were there in the second quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the second half?
What team did not have home advantage?
How many weeks had been played before this game?
How many field goals were made?
How many rushing touchdowns happened?
How many wins did the Rams have after losing to the Bills?
How many losses did the Rams have after losing to the Bills?
From what distance did Rian Lindell kick two field goals?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored?
As of March 2018, who has the higher poverty rate, the Czech Republic or Denmark?
How many dollars more is the Czech GDP per capita at purchasing power parity then it is at nominal value?
Which does the Czech rank further down on the list for, the Global Enabling Trade Report or the Global Competitiveness Report?
How many percentage points of the Czech economy is accounted for by the combination of Industry and Services?
How many percentage points of the Czech economy is accounted for by the combination of Services and Agriculture?
Czech Republic has the lowest of what in the EU?
What services were Czech's economy based on?
Who holds the second lowest poverty rate?
How many principal industries does the company have?
How many major services does the country have?
What is the second major services of the country listed?
How many more countries in the EU have a lower unemployment rate than the Czech Republic?
What contributes more to the economy, industry or agriculture?
Where does the Czech Republic rank in ease of doing business index?
What percentage of the Economy of the Czech Republic accounts services?
The Economy of the Czech Republic is considered to be what orientation?
How many dollars was the difference in purchasing power and nominal value of the Czech GDP?
What is the lowest contributing sector of the Czech economy?
What accounts for over half of the Czech economy?
Who has a higher poverty rate, Czech republic or Denmark?
How does the Czech Republic vary from other countries in the European Union?
How many EU countries had a lower poverty rate than the Czech Republic in 2018?
In what area did Denmark rank highest in the EU in 2018?
Which category accounts for the greatest percentage of the Czech Republic economy?
Which Czech Republic category is responsible for the smallest mentioned percentage of the economy?
Which products account for only 2.5% of the Czech Republic economy?
How many days did over 400,000 workers become involved in strikes all over Poland?
How many demands did worker protestors have in 1905-1906?
What happened first, polish workers protesting or students?
Which general strike the PPS and the Social Democracy of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania?
how many workers became involved in strikes all over Poland
how many poles close to 7,000 strikes and other work stoppages occurred?
What types of students protested?
Which was longer, the general strike or the school strike?
How many organizations called for a general strike?
Which happened first, Polish students demonstrating or 30 demonstrators being shot?
How many days passed between the call for a general strike and the major demonstrations in May?
What two countries were there strikes in?
How many years did the strikes take place?
How many days after it was confirmed on February 7th did Cardiff Blues face Connacht Rugby at the Arms Park?
How many more points did Cardiff Blues have compared to Connacht Rugby?
How many more people attended the February 17th game compared to the February 10th game?
How many total people attended the February 10th game and the February 17th game?
How many empty seats were there for the February 10th game?
How many empty seats were there for the February 17th game?
How many points did the Cardiff Blues win by on February 10?
What was the score of the game at Arms Park on Feb 10, 2012?
What was the score of the game on February 17?
Where was the game played on FEb 10, 2012?
How many points did the Blues win by in the Pro14 League?
How many points did the Blues win by on February 17th?
How many days after it was confirmed did the Cardiff Blues face the Connacht Rugby at the Arms Park?
How many more points did the Cardiff Blues score in the Pro14 League game?
How many days after the Cardiff Blues faced Connacht Rugby did they play Ulster Rugby?
Which was announced first, the Cardiff Blues would face Connacht Rugby at the Arms Park or  the two Welsh derbies against the Scarlets and the Ospreys (rugby union) would be played at Cardiff City Stadium, rather than the Arms Park
How many points did the Cardiff Blues win by in the Pro14 League game?
How many more people attended the Feb 17 game than the Feb 10 game?
How many years of the 20 year contract did the Cardiff Blues not play at Cardiff City Stadium?
How many penalties did the Bears commit in the game?
Which team scored last in the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
How many penalties did the Bears commit in the game?
Which team scored last in the game?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
Which player scored on a 48-yard play?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
From what yard line did Gould kick two field goals?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many yards was the Broncos first quarter touchdown?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
What was the Bears first scoring play?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Broncos winning by at halftime?
How many yard did Jones run for a touchdown?
Why was a pass through to smith unknowingly?
How many yard did the jets run  for there first touchdown of the game?
How many games had both the Panthers and Jets lost at the beginning of this game?
How many points did the Panthers score?
How many points did the Jets score?
How many games have the Panthers won this season?
How many points did the Panthers lose by?
How many interceptions did Josh Delhomme make in the game in all?
How many more points did the Jets score than the Panthers at the end of the game?
how many yards did Charles make?
how many yards did Succop get?
how many yards did the chiefs get in the 4th?
Who got ahead in the second quarter?
How many 50-yard field goals were there?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made?
How many touchdowns did Oakland score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Kansas City score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Who was Manuel targeting when he was intercepted?
how many yards did siemian pass?
how many yards did the raiders drive?
Who won the game?
How many field goal yards total did Crosby kick in the game?
How many completed touchdown passes did Rodgers make in the game?
How many touchdowns did Williams score?
Who scored more points, the Panthers or the Packers?
Who was the first to score for the Packers?
How many touchdowns did DeAngelo Williams score?
Who caught the longest touchdown?
In what quarter did the Panthers not score?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many yards in total did Williams run in his 3 TD runs?
How long were Crosby's two field goals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which players had passing touchdowns?
How many more yards was Rudi Johnson's first touchdown over his second?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Carson Palmer have?
How many touchdowns of less than 10 yards were scored?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Who did Carson Palmer throw touchdowns to?
Which player caught two interceptions?
How many touchdown receptions did Sharpe have?
How many players caught touchdowns for the Chargers?
How many points did the Redskins win against the Miami Dolphins by?
How many points did the Redskins win against the Minnesota Vikings by?
Who did the Redskins play first, the Vikings or the Dolphins?
How many fewer games did the NFL season get because of the NFL strike than they were scheduled for?
How many more yards did John Riggins rush in the Redskins game against the Vikings than he did in the game against the Dolphins?
How many points did the Redskins win their game against the Cowboys by?
How many games were missed in the 1982 season due to the strike?
How many years was it after the Redskins made the playoffs in 1976 that they next made the playoffs?
In January 1932, how many more points did Washington make compared to the Minnesota Vikings?
In the NFC Championship Game between Dallas and the Reskins, how many points more did the Cowboys score than the Redskins?
In Super Bowl XVII, how many more points did the Redskins make than the Miami Dolphins?
Which happened first, the Battle of Ujście or the signing of the Treaty of Kėdainiai?
What country was Poland-Lithuania fighting in the Battle of Ujście?
Which happened first, the Battle of Ujście or Prince Janusz Radziwiłł signing the Treaty of Kėdainiai?
Which happened later, the seizure of Dünaburg by Magnus De la Gardie or the Battle of Ujście?
How many places did the Swedish forces enter Poland-Lithuania from?
Who commanded more troops, De la Gardie, or Wittenberg?
How many more men maximum could have made up the force commanded by Charles X Gustav than the minimum?
How many more men were commanded by Arvid Wittenberg than Magnus De la Gardie?
How many more soldiers did the Polish levy have than peasant infantry?
Which directions did Swedish force  enter Poland-Lithuania from?
Approximately how many men did Gustav bring with him in August?
Which event happened first, Wittenberg's forces entering Poland or Gustav's forces entering Poland?
What happened first the Swedish forces enterting Poland or the signing of the Treaty of Kedanainial?
How many total men and artillery pieces did Wittenberg command when he entered Poland?
What happened first: Battle of Ujście or the Treaty of Kėdainiai?
What happened second: Battle of Ujście or the Treaty of Kėdainiai?
In what year did men commanded by Charles X Gustav enter Poland?
When the Battle of Ujście occur?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did Washington win by?
How many points did Washington win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
How many points were the Redskins leading by at half time?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns shorter than 6 yards in the first half?
How many weeks into the season was this game?
How many incomplete passes did Griffin III have on his opening possession?
Which player caught the first TD pass for the Saints?
Which team failed to score enough points for the win?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Browns score in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
Which team won the game?
Which team led at halftime?
How many losses did the Browns have after this game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
In which period did the percentage of the population with access to sanitation services increase?
When did the increase of number of physicians per 100,000 people and the percentage of the population with access to sanitation services overlap?
By how many births did the infant mortality rate fall between 1985-1990?
How many points did the New York jets win by during their game with The Jaguars?
Which team got their first win of the season against a AFC team since 2008?
Who intercepted a Blaine Gabbert pass?
Who did Cam Newton throw a touchdown pass to?
Who threw a touchdown pass under 20 yards?
How many wins did the Browns have this season?
How many field goals did Travis Coons miss this season?
Who threw the longest pass?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many missed kicks did Coons have coming into this game?
How many losses did the Browns have before this game?
How many total points did the Browns score?
How many interceptions did Ben Roethlisberger throw in overtime?
What team will the Steelers play next?
How many years was it from when Thompson's first memoir was published and his death?
How many years was it from when Thompson's first memoir was publishes and when he married Anita Bejmuk?
How many years ago was Thompson's death?
How many years did Thompson write for ESPN?
How many years was Thompson married and also writing for ESPN?
Which event happened first, the publication of Thompson's first memoir or the Bush Doctrine?
How many years after the publishing of Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child In the Final Days of the American Century did Thompson die?
Which event happened last, Thompson married assistant Anita Bejmuk or Thompson began writing the weekly column for ESPN.com's Page 2?
How many years was Thompson married before he died?
How many years did Thompson write about sports, shortly before his death?
How many years was Thompson married while still writing about sports?
What kind of book was published on the same year Thompson got married?
What was published the same year as the release of the film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
How many years did it take Thompson to publish his first memoir from the time he started back to writing about sports?
How many years did Thompson write about sports?
Who wrote The Rum Diary?
How many years did Thompson write a column for ESPN.com's Page 2?
How many years was Thompson married to Anita Bejmuk before he died?
How many years did Thompson write for ESPN.com?
How many years did Thompson live after the publication of Hey Rube: Blood Sport, the Bush Doctrine, and the Downward Spiral of Dumbness?
How many years did he write Hey,Rube for?
How many years was he married to Anita Bejmuk?
Who threw a 44-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Who caught a touchdown pass thrown by Pennington in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent kick in the third quarter?
How many yards did Rian Lindell and J. P. Losman combine for on the first field goal and the first touchdown pass?
How many yards did Rian Lindell combine for across his first three field goals?
How many yards did the mean value measure across Rian Lindell's first three field goals?
Which quarterback was sacked more than 5-times?
How many total yards were gained across passing touchdowns?
Which reciever caught the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards did the differential measure between the longest and shortest passing touchdown?
How many times did Pennington find Cotchery?
How many touchdown runs were under 6 yards?
How many points were the Jets ahead at the end of the second quarter?
How many times did Kitna get intercepted?
How many players did Jon Kitna have completions to in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes were over 20 yards?
How many points did the Chargers score in the 4th quarter?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Gates and the yards of the TD run by Charles?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Gates and the TD pass to Moeaki?
How many touchdowns were scored in total?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Who had more people, Sussex or the rebels?
Between Sussex and Baron Clinton, how many men did they have total?
How many together, 7,000 and 12,000, men marched with Sussex out New York on Dec. 1569 combined
How many people was the rebellion led by?
Who had the least men, Sussex, Baron Clinton or the rebels?
What event happened later, Neville and Percy occupied Durham or Sussex marched out from York against rebels?
How many people led the rebellion?
What happened first: Thomas Plumtree celebrating Mass or rebels capturing Barnard Castle?
What happened second: Thomas Plumtree celebrating Mass or rebels capturing Barnard Castle?
How many more men did the Earl have than the rebels?
Who was the Earl of Westmorland first, Neville or Percy?
How many more men did Sussex have on December 13,1569 than the rebels did?
How many months did the rebellion by the Earl's last?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
Which player scored in overtime?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many years was Burchard von Dreileben grandmaster?
Who was the last grandmaster?
Who is the first grandmaster mentioned?
Who was the grandmaster the longest, Gottfried von Rogga or  Wilhelm von Vrymersheim ?
Who was grandmaster first, Hermann Balk or Heinrich von Bockenvorde?
How many people were elected grandmaster of Teutonic knights?
Who was grandmaster first, Balk or Stierland?
Who was grandmaster last, Kettler or Ungenade?
How many years did Hermann Balk serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Dietrich von Grüningen serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Andreas von Stierland serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Anno von Sangershausen serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Burchard von Hornhausen serve as a Livonian Master?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Dietrich von Grüningen or Andreas von Stierland?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Dietrich von Grüningen or Andreas von Stierland?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Johann Osthoff von Mengede or Wolter von Plettenberg?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Johann Osthoff von Mengede or Wolter von Plettenberg?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Hermann Balk or Godert Kettler?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Hermann Balk or Godert Kettler?
How many years was Godert Kettler a Livonian Master?
How many years was Heinrich von Galen a Livonian Master?
How many years was Johann von der Recke a Livonian Master?
How many years was Hermann Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye a Livonian Master?
How many years was Wolter von Plettenberg a Livonian Master?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Godert Kettler or Johann Wilhelm von Fürstenberg?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Godert Kettler or Johann Wilhelm von Fürstenberg?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Heinrich von Galen or Johann von der Recke?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Heinrich von Galen or Johann von der Recke?
Who was a Livonian Master first: Hermann Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye or Wolter von Plettenberg?
Who was a Livonian Master last: Hermann Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye or Wolter von Plettenberg?
How many years was Hermann Balk a Master of the Livonian order?
How many years was Johann von der Recke a Master of the Livonian order for?
How many years was Zisse von Rutenberg a Master of the Livonian order for?
How many years was Heinrich von Galen a Master of the Livonian order for?
How many years was Gerhard van Joeck a Master of the Livonian order for?
How many years was Otto von Lutterberg a Master of the Livonian order for?
Which Master lasted longer for the Livonian order, Ernst von Rassburg or Konrad von Mandern?
Which Master lasted longer for the Livonian order, Burchard von Dreileben or Robin von Eltz?
Which Master lasted longer for the Livonian order, Walther von Nortecken or Wilken von Endorp?
Who was grandmaster earlier, Burchard von Hornhausen or Konrad von Mandern?
Who was grandmaster later, Wennemar Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye or Andreas von Stierland?
Who was grandmaster directy following Hermann Balk?
Who was the last grandmaster of the Teutonic knights?
How many years did Bruno serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Gottfried von Rogga serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Gerhard van Joeck serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Johannes Ungenade serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Reimar Hane serve as a Livonian Master?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Arnold von Vietinghof or Wilhelm von Vrymersheim?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Arnold von Vietinghof or Wilhelm von Vrymersheim?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Robin von Eltz or Wennemar Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Robin von Eltz or Wennemar Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Konrad von Vietinghof or Diderick Tork?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Konrad von Vietinghof or Diderick Tork?
How many years did Siegfried Lander von Spanheim serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Zisse von Rutenberg serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Franco Kerskorff serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Heinrich von Bockenvorde serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Heinrich Vinke von Overbergen serve as a Livonian Master?
How many years did Johann Wolthuss von Herse serve as a Livonian Master?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Hermann Balk or Godert Kettler?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Hermann Balk or Godert Kettler?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Andreas von Stierland or Johann Wilhelm von Fürstenberg?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Andreas von Stierland or Johann Wilhelm von Fürstenberg?
Who served as a Livonian Master first: Anno von Sangershausen or Heinrich von Galen?
Who served as a Livonian Master last: Anno von Sangershausen or Heinrich von Galen?
How many years was Deitrach von Grüningen a fellow knight 1244-1246?
How many Livonian Masters were elected by their fellow knights 1237-1260?
Which Livonian Master were elected by their fellow knights in 1270-1273?
Which Livonian Master was elected  before the year 1248-1253?
How many years was Ernst von Rassburg a Livonian Master?
What year was the first Livonian Master served?
How many years was Dietrich von Grüningen a Livonian Master?
Who were the Levonian Masters from 1300 to 1350?
Who were the Levonian Masters from 1350 to 1400?
Who were the Levonian Masters in the 1500s?
Who was a Levonian Master the longest in the 1500s?
Who was the first Levonian Master?
What Levonian Masters were from 1200 to 1250?
Who were the first three Levonian Masters?
Who were the last three Levonian Masters?
What century had the most Levonian Masters, 1200s or 1300s ?
What Levonian Masters lasted only 1 year?
How many masters served for more than five years?
Which masters served for less than three years after Siegfried Lander von Spanheim?
Which masters served exactly four years before 1324?
After 1359, which masters served more years than Robin von Eltz  but less than the years Zisse von Rutenberg served?
How many masters served less than three years after Bruno and before Goswin von Hercke?
Which masters served longer than Hermann Hasenkamp von Brüggeneye did?
How many masters by the name of Konrad served for more than two years?
How many total counties have over 2/3 urban population?
How many more people are in the urban zone population compared to the population in Bucharest?
How many cities have over 2/3 urban population?
How many cities have less than 1/3 urban population?
How many years had the percentage of urban population been declining counting 2011?
How many percent of the population did not live in urban areas in 2011?
Did fewer people live in urban areas in 1996 or in 2011?
Which counties have less than 33% of urban population?
Which city has more inhabitants, Timisoara or Constanta?
Which city has less people, Ploiesti or Cluj-Napoca?
Which cities have between 250000 and 300000 people?
How many touchdowns did Houston score?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many touchdows passes did Schaub throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many WR's are on Houstons starting offense?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick in total throughout the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal Rackers kicked?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which player caught a 1-yard TD pass from Matt Schaub?
Which player caught a 2-yard TD pass from Matt Schaub?
Who threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to TE Joel Dreessen?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total yards in TD passes did Schaub throw?
How many yards longer was Rackers' longest field than his shortest?
Which players were ejected from the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
Which players were ejected from the game?
How many wins did the Texans have after the game?
How many wins did the Texans start the game with?
How many games in a row would this game have been if they lost?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers have?
How many wins did the Texans have after the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many losses did the Redkins have after losing to the Eagles?
How many Wins did the Redkins have after losing to the Eagles?
How many field goal attempts did Shaun Shuisam successfully convert?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many more losses did the Redskins have compared to wins after the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have in the game?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first one?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score in the second quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 30 yards?
How many field goals between 30-40 yards did Suisham make?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first?
Who scored the games longest TD?
What all field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many total yards did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals in the first half?
What all field goals did Shaun Suisham make in the first half?
What all field goals did Shaun Suisham make in the second half?
How many total yards did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals in the second half?
How many more yards did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals in the first half compared to the second?
How many yards longer was Jason Campbell's TD pass to WR Antwaan Randle El.compared to Jeff Garcia's TD pass to TE L.J. Smith?
What all touchdowns did Jeff Garcia make?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Jeff Garcia?
How many more yards was Jason Campbell's touchdown pass to Antwaan Randle El compared to Jeff Garcia's touchdown pass to L.J. Smith?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in total?
How many fieldgoals did Phil Dawson kick in the game?
Which team scored more during the second quarter?
How many points were the Browns trailing by at the half?
What all field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many total yards did X kick for field goals?
What are the top three longest field goals?
How many yards combined are the top three longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Phil Dawson or Alex Henery?
How many more field goals did Phil Dawson make over Alex Henery?
Which field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many total points were score by the end of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Phil Dawson make?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player had the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Michael Vick throw for touchdown passes?
How many points did the Brown lose by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Eagles ahead at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many more total field goal yards did Phil Dawson make than Alex Henery?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than Alex Henery's field goal?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did Julio Jones have?
Who was the only team without a win?
Which team scored more points, Colts or Falcons?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards did Julio Jones have on touchdown receptions?
How long were each of Matt Ryan's touchdown passes?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and the shortest touchdown pass?
From what distance were two touchdowns scored?
Which players scored a 1-yard touchdown?
How many total yards did Julio Jones have on touchdown receptions?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was Julio Jones second touchdown reception over his first touchdown reception?
Which offensive players caught touchdown passes from Matt Ryan?
How many yards longer was Ryan's longest pass than his shortest pass?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many points ahead were the Falcons at halftime?
How many yards was DeMarco Murray's first run?
How many minutes were left when the Eagles had a 3rd down and had to settle for a punt ?
How many seconds were left when the Eagles attempted to tie or win the game?
Which team scored more points, the Redskins or the Eagles?
How many total yards did DeMarco Murray run for?
How many total yards did Murray have during the game?
How many kicks did Sturgis miss?
Which team scored less points?
Which player had the longest rush of the game
Which team scored the most points by the end of the fourth quarter?
How many total yards did Murray get all game?
How many game had the Eagles already lost before tonight?
How many rushing yards did DeMarco Murray have?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many points did the Jets win by?
How many rushing touchdowns were there in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdown did the Steelers score?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in this game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Jaguars win by?
Which team kicked two field goals in the first half?
How many TD passes did Romo throw?
How many yards was Romo's longest pass?
Who's first touchdown pass was longer, Romo's or Mannings?
Was Williams longest touchdown catch in the second quarter or the third?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
Which team lost the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception for the Cowboys?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Out of the first four touchdowns, how many did Roy Williams score?
How many yards of length separated the longest special teams touchdown and the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many field goals did the redskins score?
How did the eagles do initially?
Who won this game between the Eagles and the Redskins?
Who scored more points, the Redskins or the Eagles?
Which team scored first?
Who put the first points up?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many years in total would it take a single person to "key in" and proofread the 59 million words of the OED second edition?
Which word-forms are there more of in the Oxford English Dictionary, pronunciations or etymology?
Which does the dictionary contain more of, pronunciations or etymology?
How many bold types combinations and derivatives than pronunciation?
What word forms are there of the Oxford English Dictionary?
What are all the heard words in the 2005 Oxford English Dictionary?
How many more cross references than etymology in the 2005 Oxford English Dictionary?
How many days after the Soviets made their 2nd offer did the Polish make their counteroffer?
Who made the first offer, the Soviets or the Polish?
How many days after the Polish accepted the Soviets' amendments was the Preliminary Treaty of Peace and Armistice Conditions signed?
Which happened earlier, the Battle of Warsaw or the signing of the Preliminary Treaty of Peace and Armistice Conditions?
What happened first: Soviets made two offers or the armistice went into effect?
What happened second: Soviets made two offers or the armistice went into effect?
Which happened first, the Battle of Warsaw or the Bolesheviks suing for peace?
How many days apart were the offers the Soviets made?
How many days after the Soviets made the second offer did the Polish delegation made a counteroffer?
How many days from the first Soviet offer were amendments made, and the Polish accepted the offer?
How many days did it take from the agreement on the terms to the signing of The Preliminary Treaty of Peace and Armistice Conditions?
How many days after it was signed did the armistice go into effect?
How many months passed from the initial Polish counteroffer to the ratifications as Liepāja ?
How many days after the armistice went into effect did the Bolsheviks attack the Polish?
How many days apart did the Soviets make their two offers?
How many days after the Soviet's first offer did Poland finally accept?
How many days apart were the offers made by the Soviets?
How many days after the first Soviet offer did the Polish delegation make a counter offer?
How many days after the Soviets made their second offer did the Polish delegation make a counter offer?
How many days after the Polish delegation made their counter offer did the Soviet propose amendments?
How many days after the Soviets made the first offer did the Polish delegation accept a deal?
How many weeks after the Soviets made their first offer was a deal accepted?
How many days after accepting the offer did the Polish delegation sign a deal with the Soviets?
How many days after the Soviets and Polish delegation agreed to the deal did the Armistice go into effect?
How many days after the Ukranian forces were attacked by the Bolsheviks were they driven into Polish-controlled territory?
How many points did Ivory's 1-yard touchdown result into?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Brees throw in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD pass from Brees?
How many different Saints receivers caught a TD?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Mare make?
Which players scored touchdowns of less than 5 yards?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught two touchdown passes of more than 20 but less than 30 yards?
How many passes did Carson Wentz throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How long was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Eagles or Giants?
How many touchdowns did Eli Manning throw for in the 4th quarter?
How many points were scored in the first two quarters of play?
How many incomplete passes did Carson Wentz have in the game?
When were an estimated 325 Tibetan rioters injured?
When was an estimated $40 million in damage caused by rioters from Tibet?
When were 50-100 Tibetan rioters killed?
How many years was the Tibetans and Chinese unrest?
Was the smallest amount dead or injured during the Chinese and Tibetan unrest?
Who had the largest amount of people at the Chinese and Tibetan outburst, monk demonstrators or Tibetans rioters?
How many years did the unrest in the Tibetan areas of the PRC last?
How many more were injured than killed in the riots in Lhasa?
How many years did the period of unrest in the Tibetan areas of the PRC last?
Did the rioters burn more Chinese shops, offices, and residences or vehicles in the Ramoche riot?
Were more people killed or injured inn the riot?
How many more people were injusred than killed int he riot?
In the Gansu Privince demonstration, were there more monks or Tibetans?
How many years did the unrest in the Tibetan areas of the PRC last?
How many years after the unrest in the Tibetan areas of the PRC did a large-scale uprising take place?
How many people were estimated to be injured or killed in the Tibetan riots in Ramoche?
Which areas saw businesses burned?
Which were there more fires or, Chinese shops, offices and residences or vehicles?
How many more were injured than killed?
Was the highest recorded temperature earlier or the lowest recorded temperature?
How many degrees different are the lowest and highest recorded temperatures?
How many degrees Celsius separate the lowest  temperature ever recorded to the highest  temperature ever recorded in Guadalajara?
How many days passed from the lowest temperature ever recorded until the highest temperature ever recorded?
How many degrees warmer was it on August 10, 2012 compared to January 12, 2009?
Which occurred first, the lowest temperature every recorded in Guadalajara or the highest temperature ever recorded?
Which season has cooler nights, summer or winter?
How many degrees colder is it in winter than in summer?
How many degrees is the difference between the lowest and highest recorded temperatures in Guadalajara?
How many months passed between the date of the lowest and highest temperatures in Guadalajara?
How many years passed between the lowest and highest record temperatures in Guadalajara?
How many years after the lowest temperature was ever recorded in Guadalajara was the highest temperature recorded?
What were the two years where the lowest and highest temperatures ever were recorded?
How many degrees celsius difference was the highest temperature ever recorded compared to the lowest temperature ever recorded?
How many degrees difference are there between the lowest and highest recorded temperatures?
How many yards was the field goal attempt that Josh Lambo made?
Which team scored last in the game?
How many yards was Barth's field goal at?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many more times did the Buccaneers score in the second half than the Browns?
How many more touchdowns were scored than field goals?
Which came first, the death of Alaungpaya, or the rebellion of Gen. Minkhaung Nawrahta?
Which happened first, the rebellion of the Mon rebels, or the Burmese capturing the upper Tenasserim coast?
hich happened first, the nominal claim of the Burmese on the Tenasserim coast, or a territorial claim?
Which happened first, a Mon being made governor by Alaungpaya or Mon's revolt?
How many years was it bwtween wars?
How many years after the governor revolted did the next war start?
Along with the Mon rebels who also raised a rebellion?
In which year was the Mon governor of Tavoy made governor?
Which event happened first, the Burmese army left La Na, or the governor led a revolt?
How many years passed between the Mon rebellion and the start of the next war?
How many years passed between the departure of the Burmese army and the start of the next war?
What year was Mon governor of Tavoy made governor by Alaungpaya?
Which occured first, Alaungpaya's death or the revolt by the Mon governor of Tavoy?
How many touchdown passes  did Osweiler provide?
Which team took a 10-0 lead?
How many second half TD passes did Osweiler throw?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team does Brissett play for?
How many quarters did Siemian play in?
Which team does Vinatieri play on?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the second half?
Which team allowed the most points at the final?
How many points did the Colts score in the fourth quarter?
Which player caught the longest TD pass of the game?
How many total yards of field goal did Vinatieri make?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many more TFR did Malays have in 2004 compared to Ethnic Chinese TFR in 2004?
How many more TFR did Ethnic Chinese have in 1990 compared to 2004?
How many more TFR did Malays have in 1990 compared to 2004?
How many more percentages is Japan compared to the United States?
Which year had a lower fertility rate for the Malays, 2004 or 1990?
Which year had the lowest fertility rate for the Malays, 2004, 1990 or 2006?
How many points did the total fertility rate for Indians decrease in 2004 from 1990?
Which country had a higher amount of elders, United States or Japan?
Which country has the highest elderly population, 12 % in United States or 21.2% in Japan?
Which year was the total fertility rate lowest for the Ethnic Chinese, 2004 or 1990?
Who had a higher fertility rate, Ethnic Chinese or Malays?
How many more Ethnic Chinese children were born per woman in 1990 than in 2004 according to the TFR?
How many more Indian children were born per woman in 1990 than in 2004 according to the TFR?
How many more children were born per woman in 2012 Malays compared to Singapore?
How many more children were born per woman  in Singapore in 2012 compared to Ethnic Chinese in 2004?
How many more children were born per woman Indians in 2004 compared to Singapore in 2012?
How many percentage points higher is the aging population of the United States compared to Singapore?
How many more children were born per woman to Malays in 1990 compared to Indians in 1990?
How many percentage points higher is the aging population of the Japan compared to Singapore?
How many percentage points higher is the aging population of the Japan compared to the United States?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older in Singapore?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older in United States?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older in Japan?
How many  more percent were not 65 years of age or older in Singapore than in the US?
How many  more percent were not 65 years of age or older in Singapore than in Japan?
What was the fertility rate in Ethnic China, 1.07 or 2.10?
How many points higher was the TFR for Indians in 1990 than in 2004?
Whose fertility rate was higher in 2004, Ethnic Chinese or India?
Which year did Ethnic Chinese have a higher fertility rate, 1990 or 2004?
How many more points higher was the TFR for Indians in 1990 compared to 2004?
how many times the ball turn over?
how many yards did howard run?
How many more rushing yards did Trubisky have than passing yards?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many months after all British Lightnings were delivered to the USAAF were the aircrafts that the USAAF lent the RAF delivered?
How many months after the aircraft were delivered to RAF were they test flown at Cunliffe-Owen Aircraft Swaythling?
How many months after the first aircraft was returned to the USAAF were the others returned?
How many months after the fall of France and the British took over the entire order and gave the aircraft the British military aircraft designation systems "lightning" did the War Ministry have cause to reconsider their earlier aircraft specifications based on experience gathered in the Battle of Britain and The Blitz?
What country took the cancelled British order from Lockheed?
How many stars were labeled as Deltas?
Who labeled more starts, Johann Bayer or John Flamsteed?
How many Delta stars have been designated?
How many stars did John Flamsteed number?
What is 13 times the diameter of the sun?
What is 750 times the luminosity of the sun?
Where do the Broncos play?
How many field goals were made?
Which team scored first in the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many times was Steve McNair intercepted?
What was the final score
Who scored third quarter
How many wins have the Broncos had this season, including this game?
Which team scored first?
in which quarter did both teams score a field goal?
How many interceptions did McNair have?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Ravens score in the first half?
Who scored the most points in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Chester Taylor’s touchdown run compared to Fred Jackson’s touchdown run?
How many points did the Saints score?
How many points did the Bucs allow throughout the entire game?
Who threw two interceptions?
How many points did the Bucs allow in the game?
How many points did the Saints score in the opening half?
How many days passed between the treaty in Main and the one in Nova Scotia?
At what event was Gray Lock discovered to be missing?
How many chiefs negotiated the terms with Lieutenant Governor Dummer?
What happened first: announced a cessation of hostilities or peace treaties were signed?
What happened second: announced a cessation of hostilities or peace treaties were signed?
How many P-38 Lightnings that were ordered from the initial production were not delivered in mid-1941?
How many more in billions of dollars did Broadway theatre shows sell in tickets in the 2013-2014 season compared to the 2012-2013 season?
How many more millions of people attended Broadway shows in the 2013-2014 season than in the 2012-2013 season?
How many more billions worth of tickets did Broadway theatre sell in 2013-2014 compared to 2012-2013?
How many more millions of people were in attendance at Broadway theatre in 2013-2014 compared to 2012-2013?
How many more billion dollars worth of tickets to Broadway theatre shows were sold in 2013-2014 than in 2012-2013?
Who did Luck throw to in order to extend there lead to 17 points?
What team won the game?
Who intercepted Lucks pass?
How many yards was the first field goal in the game?
How many passes did T.Y. Hilton catch?
How many touchdowns did Hilton catch?
How many touchdowns did Foster score?
How many field goals did Vinatieri have?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first quarter?
How many points was the Colts lead at the half?
How many touchdowns did Arian Foster score?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown run of the game?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points did the Colts win by?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Colts lead the Texans by at the close of the 3rd quarter?
Who threw the second touchdown pass?
What were the two Texans defensive takeaways?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
Which team led by at least 20 points?
How many years did these events span from?
What even happened first, miners and peasants burning the castle, or Engelbrekt summoning representatives?
What happened first Puke being executed or Engelbrekt being elected Captain of Stockholm?
Who died first Puke or Engelbrekt?
Who assaulted castles across the country?
What promises were not being fulfilled by Eric?
Which happened first, the burning of the castle at Borganäs, or unsuccessful negotiations with Eric?
How many months passes betwee the meeting in Vadstena and the Diet in Arboga?
How many years after the burning of the castle did the rebel army march toward Stockholm?
How many days after the rebels began marching toward Stockholm was Engelbrekt assassinated?
What happened first, the assassination of Engelbrekt or Erik Puke?
How many months after unsuccessful negotiations with Eric took place in Vadstena did Engelbrekt summon representatives from the four estates to a Diet in Arboga?
Which event happened first, Negotiations with Eric taking place in Vadstena or a rebel army unit was sent marching towards Stockholm?
How many months after Engelbrekt summoned representatives from the four Estates to a Diet in Arboga was he assassinated?
When did the person who was elected Captain of the Swedish realm die?
Who killed the person who was elected Captain of the Swedish realm?
How many months before Borbor moved to Paris?
In 1961 he returned to Tehran as?
How many cities had the first automatic bowling alleys?
How many architects did Arnold Hoechel work with?
How many years passed between returning to Tehran and creating his own firm?
How many countries had the first automatic bowling alleys?
How many in-house departments did Hoechel develop and expand the business to large multidisciplinary organization?
Which business did Professor Arnold Heochel build second, Borbor Consulting or Borbor International Management?
How many cities did Borbor built bowling alleys for?
How many years after returning to Tehran as Deputy Technical Director of Iran-Rah did he create his own firm?
How many in-house departments were placed into the firm?
Where did Borbor move to first, Paris, France or Los Angeles?
How many years after moving to Paris, France did Borbor return to Iran?
Which company was established first, his own firm or the Research Institute?
How many years after moving to LA did Borbor return to Iran?
How many years after returning to Tehran did Borbor create his own firm?
How many different types of consultancy services did BIMC provide?
What was the acronym of the name of Borbor's second company?
How many different cities were the first automatic bowling alleys placed in?
How many years after the Iranian Islamic Revolution did Borbor go back to Iran?
How many in-house departments for Borbor Consulting Architects, Engineers, City Planners are listed?
What was the research subject of Borbor's last organization?
Which happened first the Russian Revolution or social unrest?
How many years did the contraction of Western money markets last?
How many problems did the revolution cause
How many things caused  Tsar's dictatorship to manifest?
How many years was Russia industry in a deep and prolonged crisis?
How many years did the prolonged crisis cause aggravated social unrest?
What two problems did peasants face?
What problems did the Russian goverment think it had in 1903?
How many is the difference between number of men in the Austrian army and number of men Suvorov marched with?
How many is the difference betwen number of men in the Austrian army and number of men in the army Pasha led?
How many is the difference between the number of men in the Army Pasha led and the number of men Suvorov amrched with?
Which army had more men, the one under Coburg or the one under Osman Pasha?
How many men did Coburg and  Suvorov have together?
Who had the largest army, Austrian army of 18,000, Osman Pasha army 30,000, Suvorov army of 7,000?
How many provinces did Koca Yusuf Oasha want to defend?
Which leader marched with the largest army, Osman Pasha or Suvorov?
Which leader marched with the smallest army, Coburg or Osman Pasha
Who left MK to form the Cornish Nationalist Party?
How many months did it take them to collect 3000 signatures?
How many years was Loveday Jeken a leader?
Who was the first leader of MK, Jenkin or Dick cole?
Which happened last, Cornish Nationalist Party's campaign for Cornish independence or Constituency?
What happened first: Cornish Nationalist Party's creation or collapse?
What happened second: Cornish Nationalist Party's creation or collapse?
What happened first: Campaign for a Cornish Constituency or Jenkin was elected MK's leader?
What happened second: Campaign for a Cornish Constituency or Jenkin was elected MK's leader?
What happened first: formation of Cornish Nationalist Party or Dick Cole became MK's leader?
What happened second: formation of Cornish Nationalist Party or Dick Cole became MK's leader?
What event happened first, James Whetter form Cornish Nationalist Party or MK established the Campaign for a Cornish Constituency?
How many years did the party decline until it was close to collapse?
How many years after James Whetter formed the Cornish Nationalist Party was it close to collapse?
How many years was Jenkin the leader of MK?
Who was leader of MK first, Loveday Jenkin or Dick Cole?
How many years after MK established the Campaign for a Cornish Constituency was Loveday Jenkin elected its leader?
Which party was James Whetter of member of during the 1970s?
Which team scored first?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Who scored the last touchdown in the 4th quarter?
How many wins did the Cardinals have entering their bye week?
In the 2014 Winter Olympics, how many events out of 12 did they not win?
In the 2014 Winter Olympics, how many medals did the Dutch speed skaters now win out of 36 medals?
Which Olympians won 3 Olympic gold medals ten years apart from each other?
How many Olympians won more than 4 Olympic gold medals in a single event?
How many Olympians won no more than 3 medals in a single event?
Which Olympians won 4 or more medals in 2010?
How many Olympians each won 4 or more medals in 2010, 2014, and 2018?
How many Olympians each won more than 4 gold medals in 2018 and at least 5 World Allround Speed Skating Championships?
Which Olympians each won 3 or more gold medals in 2006?
How many skaters won at least 4 World Allround Championships?
How many of the skaters won a gold medal before 2006?
How many of the skaters won a total of 20 Olympic gold medals?
How many more Olympic events did Ireen Wüst win a gold medal in than Jochem Uytdehaage?
Which Dutch speed skaters were popular in the 1960s?
How many years were there between the 3 Olympic gold medals won by Marianne Timmer?
How many total Olympic golds and World Allround Speed Skating Championships did Ireen Wüst win?
Which Dutch speed skater won more Olympic gold medals, Ireen Wüst or Sven Kramer?
How many more World Allround Championships did Sven Kramer win compared to Ireen Ireen Wüst?
How many Olympics did Ireen Wüst compete in winning 5 golds?
How many years were between the first Olympic gold Ireen Wüst won and the most recent Olympic gold that she won?
Which Olympic players have gotten maximum three gold medals during a single Olympic year?
Which Olympic players got a minimum of four gold medals during a single Olympic year?
Which Olympic players got more than one gold medal for at least three Olympic years?
Which gold medalists got a gold medal for three of the same years?
How many more gold medals did Ireen Wüst win in 2010 than Sven Kramer?
Which same years did two Olympic gold medalists both win multiple gold medals?
Which Olympic gold medalists each got at least 3 gold medals in 2006?
How many of the 36 medals in the 2014 Winter Olympics did the Dutch not win?
How many more Wold Allround Championships did Sven Kramer win than Rintje Ritsma?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Gore and the yards of the first field goal made by Gould?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Gore and the yards of the second field Goal made by Gould?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Gore and the yards of the field goal made by Nedney?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Gould and the yards of the second field goal made by Gould?
How many is the difference in the first field goal made by Gould and the yards of the field goal made by Nedney?
Who got 2 out of 2 field goals?
How many yards did Tony Romo throw the ball for a touchdown?
Which team beat the Redskins in week 11?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many more field goals did Graham boot than Bailey?
Which players kicked the second shortest field goals?
Who kicked the least numbers of field goals?
How many field goals over 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals between 20 and 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals over 26 yards did Graham kick?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham kick in the game?
How many yards was Shayne Graham's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How long were each of Tony Romo's touchdowns?
How many total yards did Laurent Robinson have on touchdown receptions?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Laurent Robinsons second touchdown over his first one?
From what distances did multiple players make a field goal?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Dan Bailey make?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many weapons were the Soviet Union armed when carrying 5 Thompson light machine guns, 55 rifles, 65 hand grenades, 8 explosive devices and 150 pistols?
What happened second, 60 Razvedupr officers getting dispatched to Tallinn or Trial of the 49?
How many subsequent coups took place after the attack at Tallinn?
How many more hand grenades did the communists have than rifles?
How many total guns were the 279 communists armed with?
What was expected to join the insurgency with the soldiers and seize power in the capital?
How many people hatched the plan?
Who was a veteran of the RUssian Civil War?
How many coups were planned after the attack at Tallinn?
Did the communists have more light machine guns or rifles?
How many more rifles than machine guns did the communists have?
Did the communists have more rifles or hand grenades?
How many more hand grenades than rifles did the communists have?
Which did the communists have more of, rifles or pistols?
How many more pistols than rifles did the communists have?
Were there more communists or Razvedupr officers?
How many less Thompson light machine guns did the communists have than explosice devices?
How many more pistols were the communists armed with than hand grenades and rifles combined?
Which was not a veteran of the Russian Civil War, Jaan Anvelt or Karl Rimm?
What was the former year of Hungary being considered the junior partner?
What was the latter year of Hungary being considered the junior partner?
What anniversary was the battle in just a number?
How many different foreign powers had some form of control over Hungary from 1525 to 1989?
Who was involved in the two hundred years of constant warfare in Hungary?
What was a national trauma?
who lost their independent in Mohacs?
How many years span these events?
What event happened last, Vadasz's reception hall was completed, or battlefield became the national historical site?
How many years was Hungary considered the "junior" partner in the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
What battle did the memorial designed by György Vadász commemorate?
Where did the Mohács battle take place?
What put an end to Hungary's independence?
Where is the memorial created by György Vadász?
How many foreign powers dominated Hungary rom 1525 to 1989?
How many years was Hungary dominated for?
Who designed the battle memorial?
How many years the Hungary considered the junior partner?
Which projects were designed by architect György Vadász?
How many foreign powers controlled Hungary?
How many years was Hungary considered the "junior" partner in the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
How many years after the battlefield became an official national historical memorial site was a new reception hall and exhibition building completed?
Which empires ruled over Hungary?
How many yards did Morten Anderson kick?
How many yards did John Carney kick?
Which player scored on a defensive touchdown in the first quarter?
Which kicker had the longer field goal made?
How many field goals were longer than 40-yards?
Which player had the longest offensive touchdown?
How many points did the Texans score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
What was Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many games have the Texans won this season?
How many more people were announced than were actually in attendance during the July 10, 1974 game?
How many more people were in actual attendance than who paid for the July 10, 1974 game?
How many total points were scored in the game against the Suns?
How many points did the Americans win by against the Suns?
What was the time period for the turning point of the war?
How many cities did Austria recapture in 1598?
On which date did the Battle of Mezőkeresztes begin?
Which side won the Battle of Giurgiu?
Which side lost the Battle of Mezőkeresztes?
Which happened earlier, the Battle of Mohács or the Battle of Mezőkeresztes?
Which happened earlier, the Battle of Mezőkeresztes or the recapture of Győr and Komarom by the Austrians?
Which side won the battles at Târgovişte and Bucharest after Michael received aid from his allies?
How many years after the Battle of Mezőkeresztes did the war continue for?
How many Austrians were captured in 1598?
Which happened first, the Battle of Mezokeresztes or the war between Wallachia and the Ottomans?
What happened first, the war between Wallachia and Ottomans or the Battle of Mezőkeresztes?
Which happened first, the Battle of Giurgiu or the Battle of Mezőkeresztes?
How many years after the Battle of Mezőkeresztes did the Austrians recapture Győr and Komarom?
When the Spanish escaped to Tlaxcala, did they have more men or horses?
How many of the men who escaped to Tlaxcala were not wounded?
How many countries sent supply ships to Cortés?
Who went to Santo Domingo, Alonso de Ávila or Diego de Ordaz?
Who was Xicotencatl the Elder?
What other name was Don Lorenzo de Vargas known as?
On what date did 10,000 warriors march under Chichimecatecle?
To which countries did Cortes send ambassadors to represent his case in the Royal Courts?
Who did Cortes send to represent himself in court?
How many percentage points did the population that live in privately owned and owner-occupied homes fall since its peak in 2008?
How many more million are using the internet in 2010 compared to 2004?
Which mobile phone operator has more users, Mtel or Vivacom?
How many more millions of users does Mtel have compared to Telenor?
Who was selected first as the second antiking in 1077?
How many battles did Otto distinguish himself by leading from the front?
What happened second: Rudolf of Rheinfelden or Hermann of Salm being selected as an antiking?
Who is older, King Henry or King Henry V?
Who was chosen as an antiking first?
How many years did the political and military reach it same level?
What happened first, lost the Battle of Welfesholz or Otto aligned himself with the opposition?
How many countries have more immigrants than Germany?
Which immigrant population is the largest in Germany?
Are there more people living in Germany from Poland, or from Russia?
Are more Russians or Italians living in Germany?
Where is the smallest immigrant group from?
How many field goals did the Bengals get in the first half?
How many touchdowns to the Bengals get in the first half?
How many points did the Bengals score in the second half?
Which team was leading at halftime?
Who caught more passes?
What was the longest field goal in this game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass in the entire game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Chicago's final touchdown pass?
How many yards did Ochocinco pass?
Which players caught 8-yard touchdown passes?
How long were Chad Ochocinco's touchdown receptions?
How many yards longer was Chad Ochocino's longest touchdown reception over his shortest touchdown reception?
Which players caught an 8-yard touchdown pass?
How long were each of Chad Ochocinco's touchdown receptions?
How many Bengals players caught touchdown passes?
Who had the second longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals were made?
How many times did the Broncos beat the Raiders this season?
How many two point conversions were attempted?
How many field goals did kicker Prater get in the first half?
How many field goals did  Prater get in the second half?
How many field goals did kicker Prater get in total?
How many wins did the Broncos come in with?
How many unanswered points were their to begin the game?
Which team won?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
How many yards was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest field goal?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Prater kick?
How many yards shorter was Matt Prater's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total yards are the top two longest field goals combined?
Which field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Matt Prater make?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Carson Palmer or Peyton Manning ?
How many total yards did Carson Palmer throw for touchdowns?
How many more touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make over Peyton Manning?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals did Matt Prater make that were longer than 25 yards?
How many yards did Matt Prater kick in all during the game?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals occured in the first half of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many years was the Ottoman Parliament suspended?
Who undid the suspension of Ottoman Parliament?
Who controlled Macedonia first, the Ottoman Empire, or the Congress of Berlin?
How many groups did the Slavic villages become divided into following?
Which event happened first, the suspension of the Ottoman Parliament or the restoration of the Ottoman Parliament?
How many years did it take for the restoration of Ottoman Parliament to happen?
How many years was the Ottoman Parliament suspended?
The Ottoman Parliament, was suspended how many years before Eastern Rumelia was annexed to Bulgaria ?
The Young Turk Revolution of 1908 was how many years after the unsuccessful Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising against the Ottomans in Macedonia?
Which one of these regions was not returned to the Ottoman Empire's control by the Congress of Berlin, Southern Thrace, Adrianople Vilajet, or Macedonia?
The Bulgarians and the Greeks had a series of conflicts after the unsuccessful Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising against the Ottomans in Macedonia mostly due to their differing concepts of which one, the Peoples' Federative Party or nationality?
After being suspended in 1878, how many years did it take for the Ottomon Parliament to be restored?
How many years after the Ottoman Parliament was suspended by the Sultan did the Young Turk Revolution restore the Ottoman Parliament?
How many years after the Ottoman Parliament was suspended by the Sultan was it then restored?
How many men were in Eugene's army, including those not ready for battle?
How many nationalities did the Habsburg Army consist of?
How many different forces did The Habsburg Army consist of that included both infantry and cavalry forces?
Which happened first, Eugene held a military review of his forces in the village of Kolut, or Ottomans moved north in an attempt to capture the fortress of Szeged?
What news caused Eugene to decide to concentrate his troops from Hungary and Transylvania and move them toward Petrovaradin?
How many different forces consisted of the Habsburg Army?
How many of Prince Eugene army of the 70,000 were not ready for battle?
What year was Edward III born?
How many years were between the beginning of Edward III's reign and his homage protest?
What happened later, the marriage of Henry II to Eleanor of Aquitaine or Edward III paying homage to Philip VI?
What province did Gascony combine with in the 11th Century?
Who provided intelligence on the French court?
What happened first: kings of England became Dukes or beginning of Edward III's reign?
What happened second: kings of England became Dukes or beginning of Edward III's reign?
Who was Eleanor of Aquitaine's husband?
In what year was Edward III born in?
How many provinces were formed when Gascony in southwest France was incorporated into Aquitaine?
Was Eleanor first Queen of France, or the wife of Henry II?
How many years after the beginning of Edward III's reign did Edward III pay homage to Philip VI?
What year did the province of Guyenne and Gascony become held by the French?
Which part of the province of Guyenne and Gascony remained in Edward III's control in 1327?
What was the other name for the Duke of Aquitane?
What year was Edward III born?
How many years after the beginning of his reign did Edward III wear a crown and sword to Philip VI's wedding?
Who got  a 30-yard TD pass to WR Terry Glenn?
Who fell?
How many yards was the first touchdown?
How many yards was the second touchdown?
How many yards was the second touchdown for the Cowboys?
How many wins do the Bucs have now?
How many losses do the Bucs have now?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys get in the fourth quarter?
: How many points did the Cowboys get in the third quarter?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns in the game?
How many more yards was the last touchdown than the first?
How many total yards were all Terry Glenn's touchdowns combined?
How many yards were all the field goals in the game combined?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
How many 2-yard touchdown passes were there?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many more men did the Senussi have than ammunition that was produced per day?
Why did the Ottomans want the Senussi to conduct operations against the rear defenders of the Suez Canal?
How many years passed from when the Senussi became involved to when  the Italians had been defeated?
Who did the Ottomans fail to attack?
How many years after the Italians had been defeated at the Action of Etangi were they Italian reinforcements led to a revival?
What year were the Senussi in southeastern Cyrenaica?
How many names did the revolution in Hungary led by Count Mihály Károlyi in the aftermath of World War I go by?
How many days did it take for King Charles IV to accept the coup and appoint Károlyi as Hungary's new Prime Minister after HNC protesters wearing asters helped seize public buildings throughout Budapest?
How many days after King Charles IV had accepted the coup and appointed Károlyi as Hungary's new Prime Minister did Károlyi  terminate the Compromise of 1867?
How many months passed between the proclaimation of the Hungarian People's Republic and the Republic being overthrown by a Communist putsch?
Which happened first, The Aster Revolution, or World War I?
Who demanded the secession of Hungary from the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
How many Prime Ministers died or resigned on 31 October 1918?
How many days after Károlyi terminated the Compromise of 1867 was he named as provisional president?
How many  months after the Hungarian People's Republic was proclaimed was it overthrown?
Who were the two previous Prime Ministers of Hungary?
Who was the prime minister after István Tisza?
What names was the government of Hungary known by?
How many days passed between Charles issuing a proclamation recognizing Hungary's right to determine the form of the state and the provisional government being proclaimed?
How many major battles were there?
who lost at the Battle of Agridi?
How many years did it take for his support to dwindle to zero?
How many people did the Earl of Leicester have family ties with ?
How many days after the absentee monarch's regency was granted did Tyre fall?
Which did Filangieri lose to, the Ibelins or an inferior force at the Battle of Agridi?
How many years after the battle at Casal Imbert did the barons offer the bailliage of Acre to Simon de Montfor?
Did Simon de Montfort accept the bailliage of Acre?
How many days after he absentee monarch's regency was granted by the Haut Court to Alice did Tyre fall?
Who won the first major battle of the war?
Who lost the first major battle of the war?
Who lost the Battle of Agridi?
Which came first, the monastery being transformed into a history and art museum or becoming affiliated with the State Historical Museum?
In what year did the Moscow Theological Institute come about?
How many years passed between the Bolsheviks closing the Novodevichy Convent and turning it into a history and art museum?
What was turned into apartments?
Moscow Theological Courses were allowed to be held where?
How many years passed between the Bolsheviks closing the Novodevichy Convent and religious services resuming on patron saint's days?
How many years after the monastery had been transformed into a history and art museum was it affiliated with the State Historical Museum?
Which year did Moscow Theological Program transform and become the Moscow Theological Institute?
Which museum subjects was the convent first introduced to, Women's Emancipation or history and art?
In which year was the Russian Orthodox Church turned into Moscow Theological Institute?
How many years after the Bolsheviks closed the Novodevichy Convent did it become a history & art museum?
What did the Novodevichy Convent turn into after Stalin re-opened courses there?
How many years after the convent was closed down did nuns return to it?
How many years after the convent closed down did religious services resume?
How many years after the monastery had been transformed into a history and art museum did it become affiliated with the State Historical Museum?
What year was the Moscow Theological Courses transformed into the Moscow Theological Institute?
How many passes did Kaepernick throw incomplete?
whose is the new coach for the 49ers?
who defeated the minnesota vikings
who scored more point the viking or the 49ers?
the 49ers introduced what?
whose return did this game mark?
who had seven tackles?
who missed the 2014
how many yards did adrian rush
who got sacked how many times?
how much was rushed against the packers?
Who rushed for more yards, Carlos Hyde or Adrian Peterson?
How many passes did Colin Kaepernick attempt?
how many yards did kaepernick rush?
how many points did the vikings win by?
How many yards per carry did Carlos Hyde average during this game?
How many incomplete passes did Colin Kaepernick have during this game?
How many yards were pass attempt did Colin Kaepernick have during this game?
How many points was the differential between the winning and losing team?
How many yards per carry did Adrian Peterson average during this game?
How many incomplete passes did Kaepernick throw?
How many more rushing yards than passing yards did Kaepernick have?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
Of the 5 touchdowns scored how many were due to running the ball?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick?
How many more yards of field goals did Dave Rayner kick compared to Nedney?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many touchdown runs were there in total?
How many field goals did 49ers Joe Nedney kick?
How many field goal attempts were successful for Packers kicker Dave Rayner?
How many field goals were made from a distance of over 30 yards?
How many wins did the 49ers have after losing to the Packers?
How many losses did the 49ers have after losing to the Packers?
Who threw a 68 yard touchdown pass?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more yards was the longest field goal over the second longest?
Which team scored fewer points?
How many points did Weddle score in the first quarter?
How many points did Philips score?
How many points did the Chargers have at halftime?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points did the chargers get in the third quarter?
How many quarters did McGahee play in?
How many game winning streak was this for Denver?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the most field goals?
Which team scored the least points in the fourth quarter?
How many points ahead were the Broncos with 4:14 left in the game?
How many points ahead were the Broncos after Manning threw a 31-yard touchdown pass to Stokley?
Who received the longest touchdown pass?
Who received the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players caught interceptions?
Who scored a defensive touchdown?
How many yards did Vinatieri kick?
How many yards did Connor Barth get?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked from greater than 40 yards?
how many yards did the game start with?
how many yards did Barth get?
how many yards did Painter get?
how many yards did freeman complete?
how many yards did Blount get?
Who was the Giants coach?
Whose jersey did Mariska wear?
Where was the game played?
Which quarter the Cowboys tie the game?
Who returned a kick for a TD?
How many days passed between the Poles capture off Salakas and their attack on Kapčiamiestis
How many marks difference was there between the Lithuanian revenue and expenses in 1919?
What year did harassment of border guards and local villagers end?
How many days passed between the Poles capturing Salakas and when they attacked Kapčiamiestis?
Which even occured first, the attack on the railroad stations by the Poles or the attack of Kapčiamiestis?
In 1919, how many more millions of German marks in expenses did Lithuania have compared to revenue?
How many men were left in the Lithuanian army after budget cuts?
What happened first: Polish troops attacked Gelvonai or Poles captured Salakas?
What happened second: Polish troops attacked Gelvonai or Poles captured Salakas?
What happened first: Polish troops attacked Gelvonai or Poles captured Salakas?
What happened second: Polish troops attacked Gelvonai or Poles captured Salakas?
How many more in million marks was expenses than revenue for Lithuania?
How many men were left after Lithuania had to make a cut?
In what year were Lithuanian forces deployed against the Bermontians in northwestern Lithuania?
How many touchdowns did Brett Hundley throw in the first quarter?
Who caught the second time from Hundley?
In which quarter did Janikowski kick the shortest field goal?
Which team got on the board first?
Which team lost the game?
Who had the most touchdown passes?
How many more yards was Janikowski's second field goal over his first?
How many second half touchdowns did the Raiders score?
How many players scored in the first quarter?
How many yards less was the second-longest field goal of the game than the longest?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
In which quarters were field goals kicked that were more than 20 yards?
How many quarters of the game were scoreless?
Which quarter of the game was scoreless?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the second half?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Sam Bradford make?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Sam Bradford have than Bruce Gradkowski?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's longest touchdown pass than Bruce Gradkowski's only touchdown pass?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards were each of Clatyon's TD catches?
How many more touchdowns did the Rams score than the Raiders?
How many yards were all the TD passes in the game combined?
How many yards total were there between all touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Brees second touchdown pass than his first one?
How many more yards was Drew Brees second touchdown pass than Bruce Gradkowski's first touchdown pass to Joey Galloway?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes of at least 40 yards did Devery Henderson catch?
How many yards shorter was Joey Galloway's second touchdown compared to his first?
Which player was first to throw a touchdown pass over 10 yards?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference are there between the top two longest touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Drew Brees's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which touchdown runs did Drew Brees make?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Drew Brees or Bruce Gradkowski?
How many touchdown passes longer than 10 yards did Drew Brees throw?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the second most touchdown passes?
How many more touchdown passes did Drew Brees make compared to Bruce Gradkowski
Which team scored more points in the game between the Saints and the Ravens?
How many yards longer was Drew Brees second touchdown pass of the first quarter than his first touchdown pass?
How many yards did Gradkowski throw in touchdown passes in the second quarter?
Which player received the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns in total were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who scored more points, the Broncos or the Chiefs?
What quarter did Barth add the 37 yard field goal?
Who did the Broncos win against the previous game?
Who won the game against the Dolphins?
Who threw an interception?
Who did the broncos beatin the previous game?
Which team scored first?
Which two players had touchdown receptions in the firt quarter?
Which team had home field advantage?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score in the first quarter?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many total yards did Barth have?
How many yards was Barth's second longest field goal?
How many yards was Barth's second shortest field goal?
How many passing touchdown yards did Manning have during the first quarter?
Which quarterback had more passing yards?
How many more yards was Barth's longest field goal compared to his second longest?
How many more field goals did Barth kick than Santos?
What was the closest field goal to 25 yards?
What was the farthest field goal to 25 yards?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player had the highest average length of field goals?
How many yards longer was the Santos' average length of field goals than Barth's average length of field goals?
Excluding his shortest field goal, how many yards was the Barth's average length of field goals?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Barth kick?
How many yards shorter was Santos' total yards of field goals than Barth's total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Smith's longest touchdown pass over Manning's shortest one?
How many yards longer was Manning's total yards of touchdown passes than Smith's total yards of touchdown passes?
How many field goals did Connor Barth kick in the second half?
How long were each of Connor Barth's field goals in the second half?
How long were each of Connor Barth's first half field goals?
Which players caught touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Connor Barth's second field goal over his first one?
Which player caught the longer of Peyton Manning's first two touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Demaryius Thomas's first touchdown compared to C. J. Anderson's touchdown?
How many more touchdowns did Peyton Manning have compared to Alex Smith in the first half of play?
Which player had the longest touchdown catch of the first half of play?
How many combined yards were scored on touchdown receptions in the first two quarters?
Which kicker's initial field goal was longer?
How many field goals kicked were longer than 30 yards?
Who scored more points, the Jets or the Texans?
How many points did the Texans win by?
What was the minimum year for the civil war?
What was the maximum year for the civil war?
How many years did the civil war last?
Which event happened first, the Byzantines retaliated or the Genoese paid a war indemnity?
Whose tariffs and customs were lowered?
How many years did the civil war of 1341-1347 last?
Approximately how many years did it take for the Byzantine fleet to be destroyed after August 1348?
What happened first, the destruction of the Byzantine fleet or the Genoese declaring war on the Empire?
What ended the war between the Genoese and the Byzantines?
What happened first, the Genoese paying a war indemnity or promising to never attack Constantinople?
How many years did the civil war last?
What happened second: the civil war or Genoese paying a war indemnity?
what falcan do for get 20 yard?
why rb turned?
Which team scored first?
How many points were the Broncos ahead by at the end of the first quarter?
After this game, how many games had the Falcons won?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
Who kicked the the longest field goal of the game?
What was the longest TD run of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals did the Faclons score?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
Who scored touchdowns from 9 yards?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
How many total field goal yards did the Falcons have?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were there between 5 and 10 yards?
How many yards longer was Jason Elams first field goal than his second?
How many losses did Atlanta have after the game?
Which kicker had a field goal of at least 35 yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Who was the leading rusher?
How many yards was the fourth quarter touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many citizens were there in the commission?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many field goals were there in the first quarter by both kickers?
How many more yards was Elam's second field goal over his first?
Which distance did Elam kick two field goals from?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many field goals did Elam attempt?
How many incomplete passes did Ryan have?
How many more yards were kicked in the first quarter than in the second?
How many of Jason Elam's field goals were known to be from over 35 yards?
How many points did the 49ers score?
How many interceptions did Colin Kaepernick throw?
Did Colin Kaepernick have more interceptions or touchdowns?
How many years passed between the diocese being established and the head of the diocese being Metropolitan Panteleimon?
How many fewer speakers do the Skolts have than the Inari parish has members?
How many years passed between the head of hte diocese being Metropolitan Panteleimon and the head being Metropolitan Elia?
How many parishes does Oulu have?
Which is the largest of the parishes?
what are the people that now mostly live in Inari parish?
What are Skolts?
Where is the The cathedral of the diocese
How many years spans from when the diocese was established in 1980 to when the now the head of the diocese has been Metropolitan Panteleimon?
How many years spanned from when Metropolitan Panteleimon was the head of the diocese to when it changed to Metropolitan Elia?
Which happened last, the head of the diocese being Metropolitan Panteleimon or Metropolitan Elia?
How many years after the head of the diocese has been Metropolitan Panteleimon did it change to Metropolitan Elia?
How many years after the diocese was established did Metropolitan Panteleimon become the head of the diocese?
How many years after Metropolitan Panteleimon became head of the diocese did Metropolitan Elia become the head?
Who was the former head of the Diocese of Oulu before 2015?
How many yards was Jason Hanson's shortest field goal?
how many yards did hanson nail in the first?
how many yards did hanson get for the field goal?
how many yards did Romo complete?
how many yards did ktna complete in the first?
how many yards did romo pass to owens
how many yards did hanson kick?
how many yards did Newman punt?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the first rushing touchdown in the 2nd quarter?
How many months was it between the first and second time Venice besieged Sinj?
How many years was it between the last time Venice besieged Sinj and when the Ottomans attacked Zadvarje?
How many months was it between the second and third times Venice besieged Sinj?
How many years was it between the last time Venice besieged Sinj and when the siege of Herceg Novi started?
How many years was it between the last time Venice besieged Sinj and when Knin was taken?
Which event happened first, the Republic of Venice besieged Sinj or Venice took Vrgorac?
How many areas did they take north of the Republic of Ragusa?
How many areas did Venice relinquish in the final peace treaty?
How many years passed between the besieging of Sinj an the attack by the Ottomans on Zadvarje?
What date did the siege on Knin begin?
How many years passed between the attack on Zadvarje and Dolac?
How many years passed between the siege of Herceg Novi and the taking of Knin?
How many times did the Republic of Venice besiege Sinj?
How many months after the Republic of Venice besieged Sinj did they do it again?
Who did the Ottomans attack first, Zadvarje or Dolac and Srigane?
How many months after the Ottomans attacked Zadvarje did they attack Dolac and Srihane?
How many days did the siege of Herceg Novi take place, ending with a Venetian victory?
What date did the siege on Knin begin?
How many years after Venice took Vrogorac did they manage to take areas north of the Republic of Ragusa?
Whose siege of Sinj failed?
What did the Ottomans attack before July of 1686?
Which was attacked first, Dolac or Zadvarje?
How many rice farmers are in Thailand?
Which event happened first, election of Obama or WTO ministerial meeting in Doha?
What country does the US farm subsidies cause issues with?
How many more billions of dollars does it cost the US to grow rice than what it sells it for?
How many dollars less is the US paying for rice than it costs to grow?
In what years did farmers protest outside the US Embassy?
How many issues are major problems for U.S.-Thai trade ties?
How many years passed between the first Thai protest outside the US embassy and the second protest outside the embassy?
Which happened first, the WTO ministerial meeting in Doha, or the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002?
How many more dollars does it cost to grow the roce crop than the US subsidizes?
In what different years did Thai farmers protest at the US embassy?
How many dollars less does the US pay in subsidies for the rice than it actually costs to grow?
What years did the farmers gather to protest the US?
What were the cases that the US joined about?
How many points did the Rams win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdown run’s did LeGarrette Blount have that were the same yardage?
How many more yards was the second touch down pass Russell Wilson threw to Doug Baldwin compared to first?
How many less yards was Steven Hauschka’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many more yards was Steven Hauschka’s third field goal compared to his second?
How many touch down passes did Doug Baldwin receive in the second half?
How many more yards was Hauschka’s field goal in the second half compared to Gostkowski's?
At the conclusion of the game, which team had a better winning record?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the first field goal in the game?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many total points were score?
How many points were the Patriots trailing by at halftime?
How many points in total were scored in the second half?
Which player caught three touchdown receptions?
Which players scored three touchdowns?
How many total yards did  LeGarrette Blount have on touchdown runs?
How many yards did Steven Hauschka have on field goals in the first half?
From what distance were there multiple touchdown runs?
How many touchdowns between 25 and 40 yards were made?
Which players fumbled?
Which player caught an interception?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the game winning touchdown?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who threw the final touchdown pass of the game?
How many times did either team score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the top two longest field goals combined?
Which field goals did John Kasay make?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay make?
Which players made at least two field goals?
Which player had more field goals longer than 30 yards, John Kasay or Morten Andersen?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards difference is there between Morten Andersen's longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards did John Kasay throw for touchdown passes?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did John Kasay kick?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many yards of touchdown passes were there during the game?
How many yards were ran in for touchdowns?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked during the game?
How many more field goals did Bryant kick compared to Kasay?
Who had the shortest TD run?
Which team was the second to score in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Michael Turner get?
Who scored the most points?
How many yards difference was Matt Bryant’s field goal compared to John Kasay’s field goal?
How many yards difference was Michael Turner’s first touchdown run compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Michael Turner’s last touchdown run compared to his second?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Matt Ryan’s touchdown pass compared to Mike Goodson’s touchdown run?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which players scored 4 yard touchdowns?
How many total yards did Michael Turner have on his three touchdown runs?
How many years were between Victor Amadeus declaring war on France and Austria's control of Milan and Mantua being confirmed?
Which happened first, the Battle of Castiglione or the Battle of Luzzara?
How many years passed between Italy's delcaration of war on France and the end of fighting in Italy?
What happened at the end of 1707?
What country provided reinforcements?
How many years after Victor Amadeus declared war on France did fighting in Italy cease apart from his attempts to recover Nice and Savoy?
In what year was the Battle of Turin?
How many years passed between Victor Amadeus declaring war on France and the French holding most of Savoy?
Which battle took place first, the Battle of Luzzara or the Battle of Turin?
What did the French not control in Savoy?
Did France win or suffer defeat at Ramillies?
How many years had passed from when peace was finally concluded in Edirne and the start of th Long Turkish War?
How many time had peace been renewed?
How many years did it take for war to start again after the peace in 1568?
How many times was peace renewed?
How many times was peace renewed in Edrine?
How many years passed between the first conclusio of peace in Edrine and the last renewal?
How many years after the last renewal of peace did the Long Turkish War begin?
How many parties were fighting in the Long Turkish War?
How many times after peace was finally concluded in Edirne was is renewed again?
How many year time span was there between the first time peace was renewed and the last time peace was renewed?
How many years were there from the time peace was finally concluded until war broke out between the Habsburgs and the Ottomans?
How many years after peace was finally concluded in Edirne in 1568 did war finally break out again?
How many times did the Jets intercept the football?
At the end of the game how many more wins did the Jets have compared to losses?
How many wins did the Jets come in to this game with?
How many games had the Bills already lost to the Patriots this season?
How many touchdowns had Moss had before the 43-yard touchdown in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Moss have during this game?
What was only field goal?
How many points ahead were the Patriots after the first play of the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in the first half?
In which quarter did Moss score three touchdowns?
Who scored more points, Moss or Parrish?
How many touchdowns did the Bills score?
How many points did the patriots score unanswered?
How many losses did the patriots have before this game?
How many wins did the Patriots have to start this game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the first half?
How many of the Patriots touchdowns were on passing plays?
Which player scored points for their team first?
Which team lost the coin toss to start overtime?
Which team had more points at halftime?
How many field goals did both teams score in the fourth quarter?
Which team lost the game?
Which team allowed the most points?
In which half were the most points scored by both team?
Which player scored the last points of the half?
Which player scored to win the game in overtime?
How many wins did the Cowboys have on the season after beating the Rams?
How many losses did the Rams have on the season after losing to the the Cowboys?
How many points were the Cowboy's leading with at half?
How many yards was Romo's longest touchdown pass?
How many times did the Rams score?
How many second half touchdowns did Tony Romo throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many more yards was Patrick Craytons first touchdown over his second?
How many more yards was Dante Hall's punt return than the punt itself?
How many total yards were Patrick Crayton's touchdowns?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total rushing and passing touchdowns did Romo have?
How many yards did the two longest touchdowns add up to?
How many yards of difference were there between the two longest touchdowns?
How many yards do the two shortest touchdowns combine for?
How many yards were scored on field goal plays?
How many yards were gained on all touchdowns?
How many yards in length was the average touchdown score?
How many points of difference were between the winning and losing teams?
How many points in total were scored?
How many touchdown runs were over 50-yards long?
How many touchdowns were made in the 1st quarter?
Which running back scored first in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many turnovers did Kurt Warner have?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many touchdowns did Jordan have in the first quarter?
how many yards did welker punt?
how many did the patriots lead in the first?
how many yards did graham punt?
how many yards did patriots start with?
how many yards did cassel pass?
how many did the patriots lead in the second?
how many yards did jordan touchdown?
how many yards did cardinals spach hit?
How many years did the most damaging invasions occur
How many years did the Invasions last in total?
What year was the second to last major invasion?
How many times were there damaging invasions to Volga cities of Samara?
How many Volga of Samara cities were founded?
How many different damaging invasions occurred for the Volga cities?
How many Volga cities were founded to protect from invasions by the Nogai Horde?
What title of nobility did the person who died before Russia was invaded have?
How many years total did damaging invasions occur?
How many cities were founded to protect from invasions by the Nogai Horde in the region between the Volga and Irtysh rivers?
Which happened first, the Crimean Tatar's invasions of Russia or the death of Moscow's grand duke Ivan III?
How many towns did the Crimean Khanate attack in Russia?
How many different ethnic communities did Mozambique  have in the 1970s?
How many people in Mozambique were not European in 1970?
How many of the 115000 inhabitants of Beira were not European?
What is the percentage of Europeans in the cities with the highest European population?
Which did Mozambique have more of in the early 1970s, Indians or Chinese?
How many more Indians lived in Mozambique than Chinese in the early 1970s?
How many percent of people in Mozambique were not European in 1974?
Were fewer people Chinese or Indian in Mozambique in the early 1970s?
Which city had a smaller population, Lourenço or Beira?
How many more Europeans lived in Lourenço than in Beira?
How many more people in Lourenço were not European than were?
Which had a smaller European population, Mozambique or Portugal?
Where is Charleston located?
How many dollars difference is there between the mean sales price and the median sales price of a home in Charleston?
How many container seaports in the US are larger than the one in Charleston?
What sector had the highest job growth from 2011-2012?
How many dollars was the difference between the mean and median sales price of a home?
How many regions are ranked economically ahead of Charleston?
How many more dollars higher is the mean sales price for a home in Charleston than the median price?
What type of food is available in Charleston?
What type of accommodations are available in Charleston?
How many notable companies are mentioned as being in Charleston?
In which region is Charleston lower on largest container seaports, East Coast or North America?
How many companies were included as notable IT companies in the Charleston area?
Which region is Charleston higher ranked on for container seaport, East Coast or North America?
How many IT companies is Charleston known for?
Which price is higher for a home in Charleston, the mean sales price or the median price?
How many different notable companies exist in Charleston?
How many dollars difference is there between the mean sales price for a home and the median price?
How many container seaports are larger than Charleston's in the US?
How many seaports on the East Coast are larger than the one at Charleston?
In 2013, how many regions were ranked by the Milken Instutute as having an economy performing better than Charleston?
How many container seaports in North America are larger than Charleston's seaport?
How many container seapoers in North America are larger than Charleston?
How many notable companies are based in Charleston?
How many dollars more was the mean sales price of a home over the median sale price?
Who did the Buccaneers beat in week 9?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Dolphins have at the end of the first quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Carpenter complete?
Who scored more points, Connor Barth or Dan Carpenter?
How many 50 yard field goals did Barth make?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked 50 yards or longer?
How many field goals were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many field goals were made longer than 40 yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were there between 45 and 55 yards?
Which players scored from one yard out?
How many field goals were kicked from 50 yards or further?
How many field goals did Connor Barth kick from at least 50 yards?
What are the top three longest field goals made?
How long were each of Dan Carpenter's field goals? ?
How many total yards of field goals did Dan Carpenter make?
How many yards difference exists between Dan Carpenter's longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Connor Barth's first field goal over his second one?
How many wins do the Packers now have?
How many losses do the Packers now have?
Which team scored first?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which QB was injured in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Vick throw?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jackson and the yards of the TD run by Harvin?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jackson and the yards of the TD pass caught by Quarless?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jackson and the yards of the field goal made by Longwell?
How many is the difference in yards of the TD run by Harvin and the TD pass caught by Quarless?
How many is the difference in yards of the TD run by Harvin and the yards of the field goal made by Longwell?
How many is the difference in yards of the TD run by Peterson and the yards of the TD run by Jackson?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Who won at home against the Cowboys?
Which team won this game in the very end?
How many receptions did Quarless receive?
How many touchdowns did Peterson have?
How many touchdowns did moss have?
How many passes did moss receive?
How many touchdowns did percy harvin score?
How many touchdowns did Jackson score?
From what field position did both teams have a rushing touchdown?
How many 1-yard touchdowns were there?
How many Vikings touchdowns were reversed or nullified?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers make?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers have than Brett Favre?
How many yards longer was Aaron Rodgers longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total offensive running yards for touchdowns were in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards was the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did the Vikings have in the first quarter?
Which team scored the least amount of points in the third quarter?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many touchdowns did Josh McCown throw?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Who scored more points, Redskins or Bears?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How many incomplete passes did Josh McCown throw?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did The Bears win by?
When did the Ulster scatter?
How many Protestants died in total?
How many places did the rebels from Ulster succeed in their attack?
How many years was the fighting in Ireland characterised by small bands?
How many Protestants at a minimum were massacred or died of privation after being drive from their homes?
How many years was fighting in Ireland characterised by small bands?
What happened first: Catholic gentry raised militia forces or 4,000 Protestants were massacred?
What happened second: Catholic gentry raised militia forces or 4,000 Protestants were massacred?
How many Protestants either died being massacred or may have died of privation after being driven from their homes?
Who did the local people fight in ireland?
How many protestants may have died as a result of the fighting?
How many total Protestants died during the 1641 to early 1642 phase of the war?
How many more Protestants died from privation than being massacared?
Was this Packers game away or at home?
How many games had the Packers lost before this one?
Who is the Packer quarterback?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Jets have?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Who scored the shortest touchdown run?
How many more yards longer was Washington's touchdown run than Cedric Houston's shortest touchdown run?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
how many yards nugent kick?
Which players scored 20 yard touchdowns?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which team had two field goals in the first quarter?
Which team was in the lead for the first quarter?
Which player helped take the lead in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
Which kicker kicked more field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards shorter was Josh Brown's first field goal from his last?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 40 yards?
Which kicker had more total yards, Bryant or Brown?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the second longest?
Which team had more field goal yardage during the first half of play?
Which player had the longest touchdown scored?
How many touchdowns were scored by running backs?
How many field goals were longer than 40-yards?
How many points did the Titans lead with in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Titans score in total?
How many points was Tennessee leading by at the half?
How many yards was the Colt's longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored?
How many of Manning's passes were incomplete?
Who had more passing yards, Manning or Young?
How many passes did McCoy not complete?
How many more wins do the Cowboys have on Monday night games then losses?
How many times in a row has Murray ran for more than 100 yards?
Which team has won the most between their last 107 meetings?
How many Monday Night games have the Cowboys lost?
How many Monday Night games have the Cowboys won?
how many yards did murray get?
How many yards did McCoy pass?
how many yards did McCoy complete?
How many yards did Murray extend?
how many yards did murray rush?
how many losses did the cowboys have?
how many monday night games has the Cowboys played?
How many passes did McCoy fail to complete?
How many victories did the Hoosiers beat the record of the Knights Indiana by?
Which team lost the 1993 NCAA Mens Division I Basketball Tournament?
Which two years did the Indiana Hoosiers participate in the NCAA Mens Division I Basketball Tournament?
How many more wins than losses did the Hoosiers have in the 1992-93 season?
How many games did the Hoosiers break the mark of total victories in a three year time span over the Knights?
How many years after the Knights set the record of 86 victories in a three year time span did the Hoosiers break that record?
How many more wins did the 1992–93 Indiana Hoosiers mens basketball team have compared to loses?
How many All-Americans were on the Indiana teams from this 1990-93 era?
How many of the 53 poll weeks did teams from these three seasons not spend in the top 5?
Which team beat the Hoosiers in 1993?
How many weeks did the Hoosiers spend in the top 10 but not in the top 5?
How many years passed before the Knights Indiana lost their record of most victories in a three-year span?
How many games did the Hoosiers lose between 1992-1993?
How many games did the Hoosiers win between 1992-1993?
which Colonial Division, veterans of the Battle of Verdun, refused orders, arriving drunk and without their weapons
Who refuse orders?
How many French army divisions were having Mutinies?
How many months after unrestricted submarine warfare was declared was Robert Nivelle removed from command?
How many divisions of the French Army Mutinied?
Which war tactic did the Germans hope to achieve with results of starving the British?
What did the Americans do that the Germans did not see coming so soon?
Which official was removed on May 15th?
When was the highest tonnage sunk?
How many days after the Nivelle Offensive was Nivelle removed from command?
In what month did Germany sink more tonnage, February or April?
How many days did the French Army Mutinees last before Robert Nivelle was removed from command?
How many days after veterans of the Battle of Verdun arrived drunk and without their weapons was Robert Nivelle removed from command by?
What was the shortest TD pass?
Who scored first?
Which QB had more first half touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many touchdown passes did the quarterbacks combine for?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Which Panthers player caught the first touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which Eagles player caught the first touchdown pass of the game for the Eagles?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Jay Cutler throw?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
What name was dropped from the regiment?
Why did the army reform drop the name Native?
What made the 5th Light Infantry different?
How many years did the Second Afghan War last?
How many years after forming did  the 5th Light Infantry get it's current name?
Which war came first, the Second Afghan War or the Third Burmese War?
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, the 21st Bengal Native Infantry being re-designated as the 42nd Bengal Native Infantry, or the 5th LI being stationed in Nowgong?
How many losses did the 49ers have before playing this game?
How many touchdown were scored in the 1st quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Which kicker made a field goal over 50 yards?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 20 yards did Jeff Wilkins make?
How many touchdowns were scored that were over 30 yards?
Which happened first, Medfield was ranked number 5 or Medfield High School and T.A. Blake Middle School switched buildings?
Which subject was Medfield High School Seniors average score the highest?
Which test had the highest scores?
Which SAT sections had scores below 500?
How many more points on average did Medfield High School Seniors score on the SAT Math Section compared to the SAT Writing Section in 2013?
Did Medfield Seniors score better on the SAT reading or math section?
How many more points did the Seniors score on the SAT math compared to the reading?
Did the Medfield students score better on the SAT Math Section or the SAT Writing Section?
How many points more did the students score on the SAT writing compared to the SAT critical reading?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many more yards was Nick Reeds recovery fumble than Cory Reddings?
How many yards was the last touchdown at?
How many points did the Jaguars get?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Seahawks ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
where was Moraczewski killed?
How many months did Jędrzej Edward Moraczewski serve as the first Prime Minister of the Second Polish Republic?
For how many years did Jędrzej Edward Moraczewski serve as Minister of Public Labour?
Where was Jędrzej Edward Moraczewski killed?
For how many years did he serve as Public Labour Minister?
How many months did he serve as First Prime Minister of the Second Polish Republic?
How many Minister positions did Moraczewski have in his career?
Which three Minister positions did Moraczewski hold?
Which position did Moraczewski hold last?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Raiders or Bills?
How many points did Bills score in the second half?
How many yards did LeSean McCoy and Tyrod Taylor combine for on the opening drive of the third quarter?
How many more yards did LeSean McCoy gain compared to Tyrod Taylor on the opening drive of the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 5 yards long?
How many yards did Derek Carr gain per touchdown pass thrown?
How many points did the winning and losing team combine for?
How many total points were scored on both teams first possessions?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many yards were the first plays of the second half?
How many wins in a row did the Raiders have coming into this game?
In which quarter did both teams score seven points?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards did Grant get in the first?
how many yards did Frerotte complete?
how many yards did Crosby attempt?
how many yards did grant get for the td run?
how many yards did frerotte complete?
how many yards did longwell get?
How short was the shortest touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals score?
How many 5 yard touchdown passes were completed?
Which player had the most touchdown catches?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, the deportation of Arcadians, or King George III issuing the Royal Proclamation?
What event happened first, King George III issuing the Royal Proclamation, or The Quebec Act?
What event came later, the deportation of Arcadians beginning in 1755, or The Quebec Act?
How many years passed between the Royal Proclamation of 1763 and the Quebec Act?
How many colonies did Britain get control of?
What did the British think would remain French?
What religion were the thirteen colonies primarily?
What reserved the land west of the Appalachian Mountains for the Indians?
How many years after the Royal Proclamation of 1763 was the Quebec Act formed?
How many total fumbles were in the game?
Which player had the first touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Billy Cundiff kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Carson Palmer throw?
How many touchdown passes were there?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were there?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Billy Cundiff  make?
What were the distances, in yards, of the Cundiff made field goals?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
how many did the giants win by?
how many did the falcons lose by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns did Eli Manning throw?
How many interceptions did Eli Manning throw?
how many yards did the falcons move the ball?
how many yards did norwood run?
how many points did the falcons gain?
how many yards did new york respond with?
how many yards did droughns cap off?
how many yards did burress get?
How many yards longer was Andersen's field goal than Tynes'?
How many yards were each of Manning's touchdown passes?
How many more yards did Burress have than Toomer?
How many more touchdown passes did Manning have in the first half than the second?
Out of the 50,000 men how many cavalry regiments and infantry battalions were organized?
How many total cavalry regiments and infantry battalions did the Afghan regular army have in 1919?
How many more cavalry regiments than infantry battalions did the Afghan regular army have in 1919?
How many cavalry regiments and infantry battalions did the 1919 Afghan regular army have?
How many more modern artillery pieces than batteries did the 1919 Afghan regular army have?
How many more frontier tribesmen than men did the 1919 Afghan army have?
How many men are in each calvary and battalion assuming each has the same amount of men?
How many more battalions were there than carvery?
Which had more organised troops, the Cavalry or the battalions?
How many artillery pieces did each battery have?
How many men all together would the Afghans have if they called upon the frontier tribesmen?
Who were loyal to the Afghans
How many medals, 5 Silver Stars, 31 Bronze Stars, and 181 Purple Hearts, did the 1st Battalion all together come home with in the Battle of Mosul?
In 2008-2009 how many places was 1-24 deployed?
Which medal was earned the most?
How many stars all together did the the battalion come home with?
How many awards did the 1st Battalion, 24th infantry regiment receive between 2004 and 2009?
How many years after being assigned to 1-25 before 1-24 would replace 2-1?
How many years after being assigned to 1-25 did the 1-24 receive the Meritorious Unit Citation?
How many years would it take for the 1-24 to replace the 2-1?
When did the 1-24 see the heaviest casualties?
How many years did the 1st Battalion serve in Iraq?
How many years did the infantry deploy to Diyala Province, Iraq?
How many medals did the battalion come home with in the battle of Mosul?
How many yards was the shortest TD?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many field goals over a distance of 30 yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team did the Jaguars lose to in the previous week?
Who scored the games first points?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many more field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make than Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Peyton Manning throw for?
How many more yards was Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw than Jason Campbell?
How many total yards of field goals did Janikowski score?
How many more total yards of field goals did Janikowski score than Vinatieri?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
From what yard lines were the two longest field goals kicked?
Who kicked more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Sebastian Janikowski?
From what yard lines did Sebastian Janikowski kick field goals?
From what yard lines did Peyton Manning throw touchdown passes?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored that were shorter than 10 yards?
From which yard line did both teams score a touchdown?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns scored?
Which player caught a touchdown pass longer than 10 yards?
What month in time were they executed through Breaking wheel?
How many years passed after the leaders were extradited and finally executed?
What date happened first? The meeting of the Dalecarlians or the Swedish Kings's earliest display of Lutheran inclination?
How many years passed between the Dalecarlians meeting before the execution of the leaders?
Who was executed in February 1527?
Where were the Dalecarlians extradited from?
How many years after the leaders demands were met were they executed?
How many months after the king managed to subdue the discontent by promising to meet the demands of the Dalecarlians were they executed by Breaking wheel?
How many many years after the leaders fled to Norway and then extradited were they executed through Breaking wheel?
How many years after the Dalecarlians held a meeting were the leaders executed?
What all Catholic priests used the discontent?
How many years has Dwayne Bowe played in the NFL?
Who long was Robbie Gould's second field goal?
Who did the Chiefs lose to before playing the Bears?
Who returned a punt for a touchdown?
How many points were scored in the 4th quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the second half?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
Who else other than Gould booted FG?
What was Gould's shotest FG?
Which quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many field goals were scored during the second half?
Which quarters had no points during them?
How many was the higher score at halftime?
How many was the lower score at halftime?
What was the winning score?
What was the losing score?
What is the current amount of wins for the Giants?
What is the current loss amount for the Giants?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored total?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many points were the Bengals up going into the 4th quarter?
How many years has it been since the Giants have had such a great start to the season?
How many people were inducted into the Giants Ring of Honor?
What was the down and distance prior to Sterling Shepard's touchdown?
How many point did the Giants score in the second half
How many points in total were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points was the lead going into halftime?
Which two teams did the Giants play?
How many points ahead were the Giants against the Bengals after Sterling Shepard's caught touchdown on 4th and Goal?
How many more points did the Bengals score in the second half than the Giants?
How many more points did the Giants score in the fourth quarter than the Bengals?
Who threw the only touchdown of the first quarter?
How many points did the colts score in the 3rd quarter?
How many field goals were there in the first half?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri have in the game?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning have in the game?
How many touchdowns did Reggie Wayne catch in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many field goals did each kicker score in the first half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes in the first half?
How many total touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw?
How many touchdowns did Reggie Wayne have?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri have total?
Which kicker's first half field goal was longer?
Which player scored more than one touchdown?
How many yards was Manning's longest touchdown pass?
In which quarters did only the Colts score?
How many touchdown passin gyards did Manning have?
Which kicker kicked field goals of at least 30 yards?
How many more personnel were there on the Western front than the South-West front?
Which front had less personnel, the Western front or the South-West front?
How many more Red Army personnel did Galicia number the Southwest than Grigoriy Krivosheev?
How many more Red Army personnel did Galicia number the Western front  than Krivosheev?
How many Red Army personnel combined the South west and Western front  numbered by Galicia?
What were all the fronts by the Red Army in 1920?
Who had the largest personnel total for the Western Front; Red Army or Grogortiy Krivosheev?
How many years did it take for the Vikings to beat the Bears at the TCF Bank Stadium?
How many games had been played in the TCF Bank Stadium prior to this game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
What happened first, the Battle of the Ice or Battle of Grunwald?
What did Mindaugas do in order to attempt to stop the crusaders?
Which happened first, the subjugation of the Prussians, or the fighting between the Teutonic Knights and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
How many years after the subjugation of the Prussians did the Battle of Saule occur?
How many years after the Battle of Saule was the King of Lithuania baptised?
How many years after the Mindaugas was baptised did Lithuania convert to Christianity?
How many yyears passed between the Battle of Saule and the marriage of Grand Duke Jogaila?
Ehich happened first, the Battle of Saule of the Battle of Grunwald?
How many years were between the Battle of Saule and the Battle of Grunwald?
How many groups helped the Lituanians and the Poles defeat the Teutonic knights?
How many years after the Battle of Saule did the Battle of the Ice occur?
Which happened first, the Muslim successes in the Holy Land or the Order seeking new missions in Europe?
Which happened first, the defeat of the Teutonic Knights or the Livonian Order inheritance?
Which happened first, the Battle of Saule or the Battle of Grunwald?
Which happened first, the Battle of the Ice or the Battle of Grunwald?
How many touch downs was Bret Favre involved in?
How many players finished the game with 160 yards?
How many interceptions did Johnson get?
How many points did Rayner score to get the Packers on the board?
Which team won the game?
How long was Brett Favre longest pass touchdown?
How many more tackles did A. J. Hawk record compared to sacks?
Which QB had the longest first half TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD play of the first half?
Which QB had more touchdown passes in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did the two quarterbacks combine for?
Which QB threw more interceptions?
How many more passing yards did Favre have than Johnson?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many turnovers did Brad Johnson have?
Which player had a fumble and an interception?
Which players forced fumbles?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Brett Favre?
Why did Emmitt Thomas become the coach?
Who scored the first Falcons touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
How many touchdowns did Marques Colston score?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw in the first half?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the first half?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare have total?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total touchdown passes did Drew Brees have?
How many touchdowns did Marques Colston have?
Which team scored fewer points in the second half?
How many different Saints' players had a touchdown reception?
How many losses did this give the Falcons in a streak?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many games in a row was this loss for the Falcons?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many wins had the Packers had in total that put them in first place in the NFC North?
What is Mark Sanchez's ranking?
How many yards was Crosby's shortest field goal?
Which quarter did Mason Crosby kick his shortest field goal?
how many yards did crosby get in the first?
how many yards did crosby hit in the fourth?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
how many yards did Ryan complete?
how many yards did booker catch?
how many yards did Bryant extend?
how many yards did lindell nail?
how many yards did sibury return?
How many 42-yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown receptions did Roddy White have?
Which team did the redskins lose to in week 1?
Which team scored first?
How many points got the Giants on the board?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many wins did the Giants come into this game with?
who are the g-men?
how many times did brown kick a 54 yard field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more touchdowns did the Giants score than the Rams?
How many more touchdowns were scored than field goals?
How long were each of Manning's touchdown passes?
How many yards was the total of all field goals?
How many field goals were longer than the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the third longest touchdown?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
Which team did the Redskins lose to?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the game?
who did the Vikings play against?
who was Detroit's kicker
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal over his shortest?
How many field goals over 35 yards were kicked?
Which team scored in overtime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which team scored more points after halftime?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many goals over 30 yards?
Who scored more points, Texas or Cleveland?
How many field goals were by Kris Brown?
How many yards longer was Brown's third field goal over his first one?
Who kicked most field goals?
How many more field goals did Brown boot over Dawson?
How many more field goals were scored in the second quarter over the third quarter?
How many field goals between 30 and 35 yards were made?
How many yards difference was there between the longest TD and the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked during the second quarter?
Which kicker had more total yards during the second quarter?
How many more field goals were kicked during the first half compared to the second half?
How many total yards did Brown have?
Which players made a field goal by halftime?
How many total yards of field goals did Kris Brown make?
how many games did saints win before playing patriots?
who won the game?
who scored most points in the league?
How many points were the Saints trailing by at the end of the first quarter?
Which team scored last in the first half?
Which team was leading at the half?
How many field goals were missed?
How many more blocks per game did Smith have in his best season than in his average season?
How many of the top five scoring averages are not held by Bryant?
How many poitns per game are the difference between the first and fifth spots?
How many triple doubles has Johnson had in his career?
when did amphibious operations begin?
what date did the 26 squads of HV attack the seven villages?
How did the shape of the battle lines change?
What support did the June 22 attack have?
What date did Nambiar meet with Ramljak and Tus?
How many hours did it take to capture Ključ and the plateau after the start of fighting?
On what day did Lieutenant General Satish Nambiar meet with Milan Ramljak and General Anton Tus?
How many hours did it take for the HV force to capture all of the plateau?
How many days did it take from the start of the attack for the TO garrison in Trbounj to be abandoned?
How many hours after the fighting began and the HV force deployed 26 squads did they capture the village of Kljuc and all of the plateau?
How many days after the HV attacked RSK positions at the Miljevci Plateau did the RSK mobilize and counterattack against HV positions?
How many hours did it take the HV force to capture Ključ and six other villages?
How many days from the initial HV attack at the Miljevci Plateau did it take the RSK to finally mobilize and counterattack the HV forces?
During which years were the sagas of Heimskringla, Fagrskinna and Morkinskinna written?
How many years after the saga Hryggjarstykki was written did Sigurd Lavard write a rune letter?
How many years span the time when the Heimskringla, Fagrskinna and Morkinskinna sagas were written?
What was found during excavations in Bergen?
How many more years do the preserved Heimskringla and Farskinna sagas describe compared to the preserved Morkinskinna saga?
How many years are treated in detail in contemporaneous sagas: Sverris saga, the Bagler sagas, and Håkon Håkonsson's saga?
Which three sagas happened first?
How much overlap does the Sverris saga the Bagler sagas and Håkon Håkonsson's saga have?
How many sagas were written c. 1220-1230?
How many sources describe the period up to the year 1177?
Aproximately how many decades after the civil wars were the sagas written?
Which saga was written last the Hryggjarstykki or the Heimskringla?
When were two major touchdowns scored by the Cowboys?
What milestone occurred in this game for the Cowboys that hadn't happened in many years?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Bledsoe have in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins have in the 2nd half?
How many points did the Redskins score in the second half?
Was the median subscore higher in math or critical reading?
Was the median subscore higher in math or writing?
Was the median subscore higher in writing or critical reading?
How many points higher was the median subscore in critical reading compared to math?
Which group had more applicants, the class of 2021 or the early-decision class of 2020?
Which group had a higher admission rate, the class of 2021 or the early-decision class of 2020?
What subjects were SAT scores considered from for admission?
What are the SAT subscore subjects?
Which SAT subscore had the highest median?
How many points higher was the median SAT subscore in Writing than in Math?
Did Math or Critical Reading have a higher median subscore?
How many percent of applicants did not get admitted?
What were the categories for subscores?
How many subcategories were there for the SAT?
Which score scale was the average for the class of 2021 higher than the actual scale number?
How many percent higher was the early admission rate than the admission rate overall?
How many of the students that were admitted were not admitted through early admission?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdowns?
How many combined field goals were kicked in the game?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the first half?
In which quarters were only field goals scored?
How many total field goal yards did Nedney have?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How many yards longer was the only TD run than Nedney's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's longest field goal than Hanson's longest field goal?
How many of the 6 field goals were made by Jason Hanson?
What all field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many yards total did Joe Nedney kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was Joe Nedney’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Joe Nedney’s first field goal compared to his third?
How many yards difference was Joe Nedney’s first field goal compared to his last?
Who had the only rushing touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw?
How many points did Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many points did Broncos score in the third quarter?
How many points did Ravens score in the last quarter?
How many field goals did the Ravens have?
Which quarterback scored the most touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Demaryius Thomas have?
Which team won, Ravens or Broncos?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many touchdown receptions did Demaryius Thomas have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception by Demaryius Thomas?
How many yards total were Demaryius Thomas' touchdowns?
How many yards total were all the field goals in the game?
How many yards longer was Manning's first touchdown pass than Flacco's?
How many yards were the touchdown passes in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Baltimore lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Denver win by?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the lead in the first quarter?
How many points did Denver score in the third quarter?
Did the Broncos win the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many more yards did Succop kick than Prater in the first half?
How many points did the Broncos score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal, Matt Prater or Ryan Succop?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Were there more field goals kicked in the first half or second half?
Which player had the most touchdown passes?
How many total yards of field goals were there in the first half?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals between 25 and 60 yards were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Ryan Succop?
How many more field goals did Matt Prater score over Ryan Succop?
Which field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Prater make?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored at least two field goals?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many months did the Polish-Lithuanian seige last?
How many months did the Polish-Lithuanian siege last?
What helped the monastery to withstand a siege?
How many years did the Polish-Lithuanian siege last?
How many players caught 13-yard TD passes?
Which yard line did both TE's score from?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Cutler's first quarter touchdown pass than Roethlisbergers?
Which players caught one yard touchdown passes?
In which quarter did only one team score?
How many yards was Roethlisberger's second longest touchdown pass?
How many total passing yards did Roethlisberger have?
Which quarterback had more passing yards, Roethlisberger or Cutler?
How many dollars more was the Preakness value in 1919 than 1873?
For how many years was the value of the Preakness only $1,000 before it was increased?
For how many years was the Preakness race value at $25,000 before it increased to $100,000?
For how many years was the Preakness race value at $100,000 before it was raised to $150,000?
Over how many years did the value of the Preakness raise 4 times from $200,000 to $500,000?
In what year was the value of the Preakness increased to $1,500,000?
How many dollars did the value of the Preakness increase to from its inauguration in 1873 to its first increase in 1919?
How many years after The Preakness began did it have a first major increase in prize money?
How many dollars was the increase in prize value from 1873 to 1919?
How many years after 1919 did the value increase to 100000?
How many years did it take for the prize money to go from $100000 to $150000?
How many years after the inagural Preakness, did the value become $1,500,000?
How many dollars more was the prize package in 2014 compared to 1997?
How many years after its inauguration did the Preakness increase in value by 24000 dollars?
How many dollars did the value increase by in 1959 from 1946?
What years first saw a value 200,000 dollars above or more?
How many times was the value immediately raised by 500,000 dollars?
Which year did Preakness have a higher value, 1919 or 1946?
How many years after its inauguration did a major increase occur in the value of the Preakness?
How many years after its inauguration did the Preakness value rise to $1 million?
How many more dollars was the Preakness purse in 2014 compared to 2013?
How many years was the time span with the purse rose four times from $200,000 to $500,000?
What was the highest amount of the purse for the Preakness?
How many years was the purse $1,000,000?
How many percents of the cities racial makeup is combined African American and Native American?
How many more percents of the cities racial makeup is Asian compared to African American?
How many more households than families were recorded in the city?
Which races made up more than 1% of the population?
Which were there more of, Hispanic or African American?
Which race populated the city over 90%?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
Were there more White people or African American people in the city?
Were there more White people or Asian people in the city?
Were more people in the city Hispanic/Latino or non Hispanic?
How many people in the city in terms of absolute number were Asian?
How many people in terms of absolute number in the city were White?
How many people in terms of absolute number in the city were Hispanic or Latino of any race?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
How many more percentage of the population had a racial make-up of white than Asian?
What were all the races that were smallest percentage: Asian or Hispanic?
How many more people were counted in the 2010 census than households?
Which census total had the largest total: families, households or people?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Native American or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Native American or African American?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more housing units are there than households?
What race made up the majority of the population?
How many more people were there than families?
Which war had drawn in the Crusader states?
While what of the King's brother Charles of Anjou against the Hohenstaufen Kingdom of Sicily occupied Papal attention for some year
How many years did King Louis send support to the settlements in Outremer?
Which happened first, the support of King Louis for the settlements in Outremer, or the capture of King Louis?
How many years did King Louis send support to settlements in Outremer?
Which happened first, the War of Saint Sabas or the campaigns of Baibars?
How many years did King Louis send financial aid and miltary support to the settlements in Outremer?
How many years did the King continue to send financial aid and military to the settlements of Outremer?
What happened second, King Louis raided Galilee or Louis intended to go on crusade?
How many cities did King Louis attack in 1625?
Which was the first crusade to have happened?
What happened first, the Seventh Crusade, or the capture of King Louis?
How many years did King Louis send support to the settlements in Outremer?
How many years did King Louis send support to Outremer for?
How many years passed between Russia beginning their expansion into Siberia and reaching the Pacific Ocean?
How many more Duchers were there than Daurs?
How many years passed between getting to the Stanovoy Range and the Qing pushing them back?
How many more Duchers were there than Daurs?
How many more Duchers populated the Zeya river than Daurs?
How many years did it take for Russia to reach the Okhotsk?
What was annexed by Russia in 1859/60?
Which dynasty existed first, the Ming or the Qing?
How many years after Russian adventurers spilled over the Stanovoy Range were they driven back by the Qing?
how many yards did manning pass?
how many yards did manning pass to Toomer?
How many more people lived in Antananarivo by 1810 compared to  the late 18th century?
How many people were lost in Imerina between 1829 and 1842?
How many more millions of people lived in the city of Antananarivos in 2013 compared to 2011?
How many more people lived in Antananarivo in 1810 compared to the late 18th century?
How many people did the population of Imerina fall by between 1829 and 1842?
How many percent of the island's population lives outside the metropolitan area of Antananarivo?
How many people did the population lose between 1829 and 1842 due to war, forced labor, disease, and harsh measures of justice?
In the late 1990s, how many more people lived in the metropolitan area than the city itself?
By how many did the population grow between the 18th century and 1810?
How many greater was the population in 1950 than it was in 1810?
How many fewer people were in the population in 1842 than in 1829?
How many causes were there for the population decline from 1829 to 1842?
How many million total people were in the population of the city and outlying suburbs in 2013?
How many more people were in the city of Antananarivos in the 1950 than in Imerina in 1842?
Which player had two touchdowns in the first half?
Who scored on a 48 yard rushing touchdown?
Who made the first score
Who scored third quarter?
How many more field goals were made by Kasay than by Carpenter?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Who scored the most touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by both teams?
How many passes did Reggie Wayne receive?
How many touchdowns did Addai score?
Which team was playing with home field advantage?
Which kicked made more field goals?
Which team won the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Colts win the game by?
Who did the Jets fight before the Dolphins?
Who made the longest touchdown?
How was the NY team's morale in the endgame?
Who had the shortest touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
Who had the most touchdown receptions?
Which team beat the Patriots in week 2?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
Which team lost the game?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the two shortest touchdown passes combined?
Which player scored more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Nick Folk?
How many total field goal yards did Dan Carpenter kick?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which field goals did Dan Carpenter make?
How many more field goals did Dan Carpenter make over Nick Folk?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 15 yards?
How many total yards did Mark Sanchez throw for touchdowns?
How many field goals between 25 and 60 yards were made?
How many yards shorter was Mark Sanchez's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
how many yards did sanchez complete?
how many yards did keller gain?
how many yards did fasano pass?
how many yards did carpenter make?
Who didn't come back after leaving the game?
How many passes did Seneca Wallace not complete?
How many points did the Seahawks lose by?
How many games would the Seahawks have won if they had won this one?
Who were the Seahawks playing in this game?
How many points did Seattle lose by?
How many yards was Darrell Jacksons TD?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many total points were scored during the first quarter?
How many incomplete passes did Wallace have?
How many points did the Seahawks lose by?
Who scored on the second longest touchdown play?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns of over 70 yards were there?
What two players played quarterback for the Seahawks?
How many turnovers did Seneca Wallace account for?
How many incomplete passes did Seneca Wallace throw after coming into the game?
How many yards were gained on the two longest touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest receiving touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards of difference were there between the two longest touchdowns?
Who scored on the second longest touchdown play?
How long was the second longest touchdown play?
How many total interceptions and fumbles did Seneca Wallace have?
Who threw a 15 yard touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
Who had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many points from field goals were scored?
How many wins did the Falcons have after the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many people besides Henry & Louis ratified the treaty?
How many years went by between the Seventh Crusade in 1248 and the treaty signing in 1259?
The treaty is first ratified by Richard of Cornwall how many months before Henry arrived in France to pay homage?
Louis restored Guyenne to Henry how many months after the treaty is first ratified?
Henry arrived in France to pay homage to Louis how many years after he was mostly concerned with going on the Seventh Crusade.
Louis gave back what place to Henry thinking it would assure him extended peace?
What event happened first, Henry paying homage to Louis or Henry III renouncing his claims concerning Normandy
Which occured first, the truce signed at Pons or Henry arriving in France to pay homage to Louis?
How many months was it between a truce being signed at Pons and a lasting peace of concluded at Paris?
How many days after the treaty was ratified by Richard of Cornwall was it ratified in Westminster by prosecutors in the name of the king?
What event happened first, Henry arriving in France to page homage to Louis or Louis restored Guyenne to Henry?
How many months after the treaty was ratified by Westminster in the name of the king was the treaty ratified by Simon V de Montfort and Eleanor of England?
How many months passed between the initial truce and the more lasting peace agreement?
Which areas did Louis IX give to Henry III?
How many months after Richard of Cornwall ratified the treaty did Eleanor of England ratify it?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the 2nd quarter?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick in the second quarter?
How many more touchdowns did Titans score over Panthers?
How many yards longer was Bironas second field goal over his first one?
How many yards longer was Young's TD run over White's one?
Who replaced Manning as quarterback?
What team did Carr play for before the Giants?
Who did Carr play for prior to the Giants?
How many touchdowns did Bradshaw score?
How many towns surrendered in October?
Who voted to raise the funds necessary to resume large scale military operations?
Who organized the attempt to gain the throne?
How many people organized the attempt to gain the throne?
How many towns surrendered quickly?
How many forts were sacked by the campaign against Muscovy?
What happened first, the surrender of Dorogobuzh and Vyazma, or the recognition of Wladyslaw as the tsar?
What happened first, the failure of  advance on Moscow, or the revolt against Polish rule?
How many years passed between the beseigement of Smolensk and the campaign against Muscovy?
How many months after the new campaign was launched did the the towns of Dorogobuzh and Vyazma surrender?
How many months after the new campaign was launched did Chodkiewicz he lay siege to Moscow?
How many months after a new campaign was launched were Dorogobuzh and Vyazma surrendered?
Excluding forestry, how many surface areas in agricultural use are not taken up by olive tree orchards?
How many million heads of cattle, swine, sheep and goats are there in Italy?
Are there more cattle or sheep in Italy?
How many percent of farms in Italy are located in northern Italy?
How many percent of farms in Italy are not family-operated and small?
Were there more farms in 2010 or 2000?
Which location houses the majority of farms?
Do vineyards or citrus orchards take up more total surface area?
Which takes up more surface area: grain fields or sugar beets?
Which area specializes in the production of rice?
Are there more swine or sheep?
Is more space taken up by grain fields or pastures?
How many more percent of agricultural space is taken up by grain fields than pastures?
Are there more cattle or sheep?
How many more sheep are produced than cattle?
How many percent more land is taken up by citrus orchards than sugar beets?
Which takes up more total surface area in agricultural use, grain fields, or olive tree orchards?
Which takes up more total surface area in agricultural use, vineyards, or citrus orchards?
Did sugar beets or citrus orchards take up more total surface area in agricultural use?
Which type of crop took up the most surface area in agricultural use?
Which type of crop took up the least surface area in agricultural use?
Is more agricultural land used for pastures, or feed grains?
How many more percentages of land is used for pastures than is for feed grains?
How many more percentages of land is used for grain fields than for vineyards?
Are more sugar beets and soybeans produced in the north, or the south?
Are there more cattle or swine?
Are there fewer goats, or sheep?
How many percentage of farms are not family operated?
How many percent of the farms are not located in Sweden?
How many percent of the farms are not family-operated and small?
How many percent of the total surface area are not grain fields?
How many percent of the total surface area are not olive tree orchards?
How many percent of the total surface area are not citrus orchards?
How many percent of the total surface area are not used for sugar beets?
How many percent of the total surface area are not used for horticulture?
How many percent of the total surface area are not used for pastures?
How many percent of the total surface area are not dedicated to feed grains?
How many more swine than cattle are there in Italy?
How many more swine than sheep are there in Italy?
How many percent of farms are not family operated?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for cultivating grains?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for olive tree orchards?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for vineyards?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for citrus orchards?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for cultivating sugar beets?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for horticulture?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for pastures?
How many percent of the agricultural lands are not used for feed grains?
How many more million head of swine than head of sheep are there in Italy?
How many more million head of swine than head of goats are there in Italy?
How many percent of farms are not in Southern Italy?
How many percent of farms are not family operated?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for grain fields?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for olive tree orchards?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for vineyards?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for citrus orchards?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for sugar beets?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for horticulture?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for pastures?
How many percent of the surface area is not used for feed grains?
How many more million head of swine than sheep were there?
How many more million head of swine than goats were there?
How many percent of the 12.7 hectares are not located in Southern Italy?
Which animals are included in Italy's livestock production?
Which team did the Ravens play the week before?
How many games had the redskins won in a row to start this game?
How many more wins than losses did the Redskins have after this game?
Which player had the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
How many points were scored int the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who caught a 54-yard reception?
how many yards did hankerson score?
how many yards did forbath connect?
how many yards did morris score?
how many yards did royster run to for the td?
how many yards did benjamin strike?
Who was the betting favorite in this game?
Who was the backup quarterback for the Jets that played in this game?
Who was the betting favorite in this game?
Who finished the game as QB for the Jets?
How many field goals were made?
Who scored on an interception for a touchdown?
Who blocked a punt and scored a touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the 4th quarter?
How many Bills players threw touchdown passes?
How many field goals of less than 30 yards were kicked by Rian Lindell?
What was the longest scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Palmer make?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many field goals did Lindell make?
How many yards was Lindell's longest made field goal?
How many yards did Robert Royal run for a touchdown?
Which was the longest scoring play in the game?
How many touchdown passes under 20 yards were scored?
How many field goals under 25 yards were converted?
How many yards was the total yardage on all of the touchdown runs scored?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the three shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the three shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Carson Palmer or J. P. Losman?
How many more touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make over J. P. Losman?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
Which touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make?
How many total yards did Carson Palmer throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was Carson Palmer's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Rian Lindell make?
How many field goals over 25 yards did Rian Lindell score?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Lindell kick?
Who threw most number of TD passes?
How many more TD passes did Palmer throw than Losman?
How many more TD passes did Losman throw than Lynch?
How many filed goals between 20 and 30 yards did Lindell kick?
How many yards longer was Lindell's average yards of field goals than his shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Lindell's total yards of field goals than his longest field goal?
Who threw the longest total yards of TD passes?
How many yards longer was Palmer's total yards of TD passes than Losman's total yards of TD passes?
How many yards longer was Palmer's average yards of TD passes than Lynch's average yards of TD passes?
Which player had at least one over 10 yard TD pass?
How many yards longer was Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest one?
How many passes did Peyton Manning complete in the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass?
how many yards did addai throw?
how many points did the colts win by?
In which quarter was Stover's field goal shorter, the first or the second?
Which team score fewer times during the first half?
In which quarter did Stover not kick a field goal?
How many incomplete passes did Manning have?
How many players besides Manning have completed 4000 career passes?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Joseph Addai throw for in the game?
How many field goals were at most 32 yards long?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal over the third longest one?
How many more total yards of field goals did Stover cover in the frst half than in the second half?
How many yards was Stover's longest field goal of the first half?
How many total yards did Stover have?
How many more field goals did Stover kick in the first half compared to the second half?
How many consecutive wins did the Colts end the last season with?
How many of Manning's passes were incomplete?
How many field goals did Matt Stover have for 35 yards or more?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards are the top two longest field goals combined?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Stover kick?
How many yards shorter was Matt Stover's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals between 15 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals over 35 yards did Matt Stover make?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players had touchdown passes shorter than 25 yards?
How many incomplete passes did Manning throw?
How many days was the bidding date postponed?
How many more dollars was the largest bid compared to the engineer estimate?
How many more dollars was the lower estimate from the engineer estimate?
How many more dollars was the highest estimate from the engineer estimate?
How many days was bidding postponed to?
How many dollars did the largest bid exceed the engineer estimate by?
How many days was the bidding postponed?
Who long was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who had the longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns did each team score in the first quarter?
Who scored first?
Who threw the longest pass?
Who got hurt
Who scored first
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
What player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Delhomme's TD pass than Bulger's in the first quarter?
How long were each of Jeff Wilkins' field goal kicks?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were scored?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins' total yards of field goals than John Kasay's one?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards shorter was Kasay's average yards of field goals than Wilkins' average yards of field goals?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 25 and 30 yards were scored?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the most number of TD passes?
How many more TD pass did Jake Delhomme throw than Marc Bulger?
Who had the highest average yards of TD passes?
How many TD pass longer than 50 yards did Jake Delhomme throw?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player completed most number of TD pass?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the third longest field goal?
Which player threw the TD pass closest to 5 yard?
How many yards longer was Delhomme's shortest TD pass than Bulger's longest one?
Not counting the longest field goal, which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
How many more yards of field goals did Kasay need to match Wilkins' total yards of field goals?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Wilkins' average yards of field goals than Kasay's average?
How many TD passes longer than 9 yard did Delhomme throw?
How many TD passes between 8 and 12 yard were thrown?
When did Monseigneur Pierre Lambert de la Motte reach Mergui?
How many months after Monseigneur Pierre Lambert de la Motte left Marseille was Thailand made an apostolic vicariate?
What happened first, the arrival of the Catholic Fathers in Mergui or Bonferre's preaching?
What happened first arriving in the Mergui or leaving Marseille?
How many years was between the first introduction of Christianity to the second one?
How many years did it take to travel from Marseile to Mergui?
How many years after Bonferre went to Thailand to preach was Thailand made an apostolic vicariate by Pope Alexander VII?
How many years after Monseigneur Pierre Lambert de la Motte left Marsaeille did he arrive in the Ayutthaya Kingdom?
Where did Giovanni Pietro Maffei go first, Goa or Cosme?
How many areas did missionaries go to after Siam?
How many missionaries traveled to Mergui?
Where did Fathers De Bourges go first, Marseille or Mergui?
Where did Bonferre travel first, Goa or Cosme in a around 1550?
Where was the last place that Pierre Lambert de la Motte went?
How many touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers throw?
Which Green Bay Packer had the most touchdown catches?
how many points did packers lose to the 49ers?
who scored first
Who had the most rushing yards in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many of Rodgers passes were incomplete?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns from 3 yards?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the second longest?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
Which quarterback had more total touchdown passing yards?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Packers ahead by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many years elapsed between the first recorded contact between Thailand and the United States, and Andrew Jackson sending his envoy?
How many years elapsed between the Roberts' mission, and the 150th anniversary?
When was the 175th anniversary of Thai-American relations?
How many years elapsed between the Treaty of Amity, and the 175th anniversary of Thai-American relations?
Which was the second Asian nation to have a formal agreement with the US?
Which team came out on top?
Which player returned an interception for a touchdown?
Which team kicked the game winning field goal?
How many points did the Panthers lead in the fourth?
How many points did the Panthers fall behind?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many days after the revolt in Batavia did Valckenier call an emergency meeting?
When were 10,000 ethnic Chinese from nearby Tangerang and Bekasi stopped at the gates of Batavia?
What happened first: ethnic Chinese in Batavia revolted or Valckenier called an emergency meeting?
What happened second: Chinese in Batavia revolted or Valckenier called an emergency meeting?
How many troops and battalions did Governor-General Adriaan Valckenier send to stop the revolt?
How many troops did the ethnic Chinese kill?
Who quashed the revolt?
How many batallions of conscripts were there?
How many weeks did the massacre last?
How many days after the killing of Dutch troops Valckenier called an emergency meeting?
When was 10,000 ethnic Chinese from nearby Tangerang and Bekasi stopped at the gates?
When did the killing of ethnic Chinese begin?
How many towns did ethnic Chinese kill Dutch troops in Batavia?
Were there more ethnic Chinese or Dutch troops?
How many days after the ethnic Chinese in Batavia revolted did Valckenier call an emergency meeting of the council?
How many days did the battle last?
How many days passed between the Hundred Days Offensive and the conclusion of the battle of Amiens?
How many countries made up the 120,000 troops?
What started first: Battle of Amiens or German resistance stiffened?
What started second: Battle of Amiens or German resistance stiffened?
How many days did the Battle of Amiens last?
How many total troops and tanks were involved in the Battle of Amiens?
How many days did the Battle of Amiens last?
How many completed passes did Colin Kaepernick record?
How many games had the Seahawks played in all for the season after this game?
Which player had the most passing yards in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
what game happened at Georgia Dome
what quarter did Atlanta score?
What is the acronym used for Raidió Teilifís Éireann?
How many national television channels are there besides RTÉ One and RTÉ  Two?
How many percentage points difference is there between the number of people in Ireland who have internet access and those who have broadband access?
How many independent national television channels are there in total?
How many additional services are included with RTÉ?
How many total television channels does RTÉ operate?
How many total radio stations does RTÉ Radio operate?
What does television license fee and advertising fund?
What does RTÉ stand for?
How many subscription based services in Ireland are listed?
How many adults, by percent, does the survey show do not listen to a mixture of national, regional and local stations on a daily basis consistently?
Who did Eurostat report had more households that had Internet access in 2013, Irish households or households in the EU?
How many more Irish households had Internet access in 2013 compared to the EU average, by percent?
How many channels are available on Saorview?
How many national stations does RTÉ Radio operate in total?
How many percent of Irish households have Internet access but not broadband?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the colts score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
Who returned a kick for a TD?
Which player made the longest scoring play?
Which player had two touchdown receptions?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by Peyton Manning for 30 or more yards?
How many TD passes of at least 30 yards did Manning throw?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
What all touchdowns did Peyton Manning make?
How many total yards did Peyton Manning make for touchdowns?
What all touchdowns did Peyton Manning make in the second half?
How many more total yards did Peyton Manning make for touchdowns in the first half than the second half?
How many yards difference was there between Peyton Manning's touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne and Kyle Boller 's touchdown pass to Devard Darling?
How many games have the Lions won?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did The Bills score in the first quarter?
Who scored more field goals, Jason Hanson or Rian Lindell?
how many yards did Burleson catch?
How many yards did Bryant catch?
How many yards did the Cowboys lead with?
how many yards did Johnson catch?
How many yards did Kitna run?
Which event happened first, The march on Tehran or the corruption of the Qajar dynasty of Persia?
Who were involved with the March on Tehran?
what is earliest date mentioned in passage?
what happen first Tehran being seized by the Russians or the march on Tehran by Persian Soviet Socialist
which happen first Reza Khan promotion or Tehran being  seized by the Russians,
How many years passed between the initial seizure of Tehran by the Russians and Reza Khan's brigade's march on Tehran?
What happened first, World War I or the Russian seizure of Tehran?
In what month did Khan's force reach Tehran?
How many years after it had been seized, did it take the the Cossack Brigade to reach Tehran?
Using the low estimate of the Cossack Brigade that reached Tehran, how many more were there than a guerrilla force of Jangalis?
When approximately did Reza Khan's 3,000-4,000 strong detachment of Cossack Brigade reach Tehran?
What month did the Cossack Brigade reached Tehran?
How many years after removing to Leipzig was he sent as a delegate to the convention?
How many years did it take for him to be promoted from assistant professor to professor?
Which did he do first - become a professor or serve as a superintendent at St. Nicholas Church?
How many years were there between his professorship at Wittenberg and Leipzig?
Which happened first, serving as pastor of St. Nicholas Church or being a professor at Wittenberg?
How many years passed between Hülsemann being appointed professor at Whitenberg and him becoming a professor at Leipzig?
How many years prior to taking a leading position at the colloquy of Thorn was Hülsemann sent to Leipzig as a delegate?
What happened first: he removed to Leipzig or appointed professor at Wittenberg?
What happened second: he removed to Leipzig or appointed professor at Wittenberg?
What happened first: he was sent to Leipzig or leading position at the colloquy?
What happened second: he was sent to Leipzig or leading position at the colloquy?
What happened second: he removed to Leipzig or appointed professor at Wittenberg?
What happened first: leading position at the colloquy or he became professor at Leipzig?
What happened second: leading position at the colloquy or he became professor at Leipzig?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's touchdown pass to  Larry Fitzgerald compared to his touchdown pass to John Brown?
How many touchdown passes longer than 75 yards did Carson Palmer throw?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many touchdown passes were thrown for 75 yards or longer?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD by Lacy and the TD yards of the TD pass to Spaeth?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD by Lacy and the yards of the TD run by Kuhn?
Who scored the winning touchdown?
How many field goals did each team kick?
Did the Packers win or lose the game prior to the game against the Steelers?
How many TD runs did Eddie Lacy have in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Pittsburgh have in the first half?
How many points was Pittsbugh behind at the end of the first half?
How many inteceptions did Matt Flynn throw in the third quarter?
How many points did the Packers lose the game by?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many yards longer was the first field goal than the second?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many points did the Packers beat Dallas by in the previous weeks game?
How many points was the Steelers trailing by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many field goals were kicked during the second half?
Who began their 10th anniversary campaign with lofty expectations and represent what?
Why ?game took a stunning turn after the two-minute warning of the first half and stretch the lead to what?
How many points did the Texans score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Dolphins lose by?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many games had the Lions lost before finally winning this one?
Which quarter did the Lions do worst in?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
How many yards was the winning field goal?
How many wins do the Lions now have after this game?
What was the Lions record after this game?
when did Lions visit Tampa
What team trailed behind at first?
who trailed in first quarter?
what was the longest touchdown
how many yards did tie with in the second?
how many yards did williams lead by?
Which players made scored a touchdown by halftime?
From what distance were there multiple touchdowns?
Which players scored 10-yard touchdowns?
How many field goals between 25 and 40 yards were made?
Who caught the second longest touchdown reception of the first half?
How many total yards of rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who lost the game?
Which team scored more points, Bengals or Steelers?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who made more field goals, Bullock or Boswell?
Which player kicked the second-longest field goal?
How long were each of Bullock's field goals?
How many more field goals did Boswell make than Bullock?
How many yards was the sum of all Andy Dalton's first half touchdown passes?
How many total points were scored by both teams in the game?
How many yards was Green's shortest touchdown catch?
How many more times did the Bengals score in the first half compared to the Steelers?
How many total yards did Boswell have?
How many yards was second shortest field goal?
How many field goals were there between 35 and 40 yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who had the largest army?
When was the beginning of the capture of Gallipoli?
What happened second, the retaking of the cities of Thrace or the attempt to seize Constantinople?
How many places did John V pull his troops from?
In what year did the Ottoman's capture Gallipoli?
Which happened first the capture of Gallipoli or the fall of Constantinople?
Who was defeated first, John VI Kantakouzenos or Matthew?
How many years passed since Matthew was first attacked until he went to live in Morea?
How many months passed between the Ottoman force defeated 4,000 Serbs at Demotika and the first unsuccessful attempt to seize Constantinople was made by John V?
How many centuries after the first unsuccessful attempt to seize Constantinople would it finally fall?
How many years passed between John V Palaiologos entering the capital and Matthew making war on the Serbs?
Who had the largest amount of troops, Ottoman or Serbs?
How many less men did the Serbs have than the Turks?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns did Eli Manning throw?
How many points did the Giants lead by at halftime?
How many games had New York won after playing the Panthers?
How many points did the Jets win by against the Panthers?
How many times did Weinke get intercepted by someone other than Gibril Wilson?
How many field goals were scored this game?
How many more points did New York score over the Panthers?
How many games had New York lost in the season up to this game?
Which team was behind at halftime?
How many incomplete passes did Eli Manning throw?
How many touchdowns did the Titans score?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score?
How many yards long was Aikens first field goal?
Who broke a 70-yard touchdown run?
Which player was the Eagles leading rusher?
How many years went by between Joseph François Dupleix's arrival in India and his becoming the governor of the French East Indian Company?
Who was ruler first, Jahandar Shah or Bahadur Shah I?
Was Robert Clive French or British?
Who supported Muhammad Ali, the French or the English?
Was Joseph François Dupleix British or French?
What did Bahadur Shah I become in 1707?
What event was exploited by France and England following the passing of Dost Ali?
What is the name of th French person who was a key trigger for the Carnatic Wars?
What was Joseph Dupleix's main goal as governor?
Who was Joseph François Dupleix's British opponent?
How many years was it from when Emperor Aurangzeb died and when Joseph Francois Dupleix arrived in India?
How many years was it from when Emperor Aurangzeb died and when Joseph Francois Dupleix became the French East India Company's governor?
How many years was it from when Joseph Francois Dupleix arrived in India and when he became the French East India Company's governor?
Who died later, Emperor Aurangzeb, or Bahadur Shah I?
Who was Emperor first, Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb, or Bahadur Shah I?
Who died first, Jahandar Shah or Nasir Jung?
How many years after he arrived in India did Joseph François Dupleix become governor of the French East India Company?
How many years after Frenchman Joseph Francois Dupleix arrived in India did he become the French East India Company's governor?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Marshal score?
Which punter threw for a touchdown?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many more songs did the band play in 2002 compared to 2000?
How many field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown?
Who caught the first touchdown?
Which team scored the most for the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the second half?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player had two field goals?
Who got a 41-yard field goal?
Who got a 47-yard field goal?
Who got 2 field goals during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby kick?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown pass yards did Brett Favre have in the game?
How many yards longer was Brett Favre's longest touchdown pass from his shortest?
How many more field goals did Jason Hanson kick than Mason Crosby?
How many more total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson kick than Mason Crosby?
How many total yards were from running touchdowns?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many more households were there than families?
How many more people were there than households?
How many more households were there than families?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not white?
Which groups are at least 17000 in size?
Which groups are between 11000 and 16000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
How many more percent of the population was a member of the most prevalent race than the second-most prevalent?
How many more housing units were there than households?
How many different groups of people occupied the railway line from Murmansk south as far as Kem?
How many Finnish troops were killed on August 27th and September 8th combined?
Were more Finnish troops killed in the attack on August 27th or September 8th?
Did more Finnish troops survive or were killed after they withdrew to Finland on October 2nd?
Which happened earlier, the attack at Jyskyjärvi or the attack against Luusalmi?
Which happened earlier, the attack at Jyskyjärvi or the battle at Kostamus?
Which happened later, the landing of 130 British Royal Marine Light Infantry in Murmansk or the battle at Kostamus?
How many Finnish troops survived and were killed when they withdrew on October 2?
How many less men were killed when the Karelian regiment attacked the Finnish troops at Jyskyjärvi or in the attack against Luusalmi?
Which did the Karelian regiment attack later, Finnish troops at Jyskyjärvi or Luusalmi?
How many days before attacking Luusalmi had the Karelian regiment attacked Finnish troops?
Which attack saw more casualties, the attack on 27 August or the attack on 8 September?
How many more Finnish troops survived than were killed?
How many months after 130 British Royal Marine Light Infantry landed in Murmansk did an assortment of British Royal Marines, French artillerymen, part of a Serb battalion, Poles, Red Russians from the Murmansk Soviet, and some Red Finns occupy the railway line from Murmansk south as far as Kem
What date were more men killed, 27 August or 8 September?
How many more men were lost on 8 September compared to 27 August?
Which locations were the attacks made in August, September and October?
How many days after the Kem attacked the Finnish troops at Jyskyjärvi was the next attack against Luusalmi?
Which attack happened first, the attack against Luusalmi or the Kem attacking Finnish troops at Jyskyjärvi?
What was the shortest touchdown?
What team was winning in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the most points in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the only touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
Who booted the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored a touchdown, Tom Brady or LeGarrette Blount?
In which quarters there weren't any touchdowns?
What did the Broncos do to Tom Brady's passes?
What did Blont do?
How many points did Denver score?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the day?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the day?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals of over 40 yards did Gostkowski kick?
How many times did the Broncos score in the game?
Who scored the only touchdown of the game?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
How many field goals shorter than 25 yards did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's longest field goal compared to Brandon McManus' field goal?
Which quarter did Stephen Gostkowski kick his longest field goal?
Which quarter did Stephen Gostkowski kick his shortest field goal?
In which quarter did Stephen Gostkowski not kick a field goal?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's first field goal compared to his third?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's second field goal compared to his third?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Gostkowski kick in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How long was the last field goal of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Stephen Gostkowski get in the second half?
How many more field goal yards did Stephen Gostkowski get in the second half than in the first?
How many years passed between the first and second raids of Upper Chindwin region?
Who were the Manipuris fighting?
What was the minimum year of the Manipur raiding of Upper Chindwin?
Did the Manipuri chief present a son or a daughter to Ava?
What was a leader of Manipur called?
How many years did the Manipuris raid the Upper Chindwin regions after 1735?
What happened first: Manipur presented his daughter or the last raid?
What happened second: Manipur presented his daughter or the last raid?
How many years did Manipuris raid the Upper Chindwin regions?
How many years wnet by between the last raid on Upper Chindwina and the raja presenting his daughter to Ava?
What happened first, the raid of Upper Chindwin or the raja presenting his daughter to Ava?
How many years did Manipur raid the Upper Chindwin region?
Which team led after the first quarter?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many more field goals did Vinatieri kick than Novak in the first half?
Which players kicked field goals over 35 yards in the first half?
How many yards each were Vinatieri's field goals in the first half?
How many yards longer was Vinatieri's first field goal of the game than his second?
How many passes did the quarterback complete?
How many more yards did Jamal Lewis have over Mark Clayton?
How many wins did the Ravens have after beating the Falcons?
How many losses did the Ravens have after beating the Falcons?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more points did the Ravens score than the Falcons?
How many yards did Lewis run in all?
How many passes did Steve McNair not complete?
How many more games had the Ravens won than lost after this game?
How many passes did did Steve McNair miss during the game?
How many passes did Mark Clayton catch?
how many yards did Lewis finish with?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the act of proscription being outlawed, or new forts being built?
What event happened first, new forts being built, or measures being taken to undermine the traditional clan system?
Who completed the first comprehensive survey of the Highlands?
What happened first: network of military roads or Heritable Jurisdictions Act?
What happened second: network of military roads or Heritable Jurisdictions Act?
How many wins did the eagles have last week?
How many points did the Eagles lose to the Seahawks?
Who lost this game?
How many points did the Eagles lose to Seattle by?
Including Wentz, how many Eagle's players were out due to injury?
Who scored the last touchdown?
Did Wentz injure himself in the first half or the second half?
Which place of birth are the most Buddists from in England and Wales?
What is the largest ethnic group among Buddhits in th 2011 Census for England and Wales?
In Scotland, were more people who are currently Buddhists brought up in the religion or currently Buddhists?
Are more Asians or more Chinese Buddhists as of the 2011 Census?
Of those who are Buddhists in England and Wales, are more born in the Far East, or are more born in South Asia?
What was the smallest ethnic group that identified as Buddhist?
Which country has the least Buddhist living there according to the 2011 Census?
Were fewer Buddhists born in the UK, or in the Far East?
Were more Buddhists originally from the Far East or South Asia?
How many more Buddhists were born in the UK than were born in South Asia?
Were more of those identifying as Buddhist White or Chinese?
Were there more Buddhists indicating their race as Black or as Asian?
Which ethnic group comprised the smallest amount of Buddhists?
In Scotland, how many people were both brought up in and practicied Buddhism as their current religion?
In Scotland, how many more people were currently Buddhists as opposed to being brought up in the Buddhist religion?
How many more people checked Buddhist as their religion in England and Wales than those in Northern Ireland?
Where were most of the Buddhists from the 2011 Census born?
Who had the most people that are Buddhist according the 2011 Census?
Who had the least amount of people who are Buddhist?
Which ethnic groups each had more than 20000 people in the population?
How many more people were born in the UK than in South Asia?
Which birth places each had over 50000 births?
Which ethnic groups had a bigger population than Asian and Mixed combined?
How many ethnic groups did not have as many people as Other?
Who scored in the first quarter?
What team was winning after the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did C.J, Anderson have?
Which team got the final score of the game?
How many TD passes did Manning have?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many more touchdown passes did Orton throw than Manning?
Which player scored three touchdowns?
How many touchdown yards did Anderson have?
Which players had one yard touchdowns?
How many days did the Soviet Navy trail the US Task Force?
What were the Soviets following in the Indian Ocean?
How many days did they trail the US Task Force 74?
How many days passed in December between the days the the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of cruisers and destroyers
What secret weapon did The Soviets have?
For how many days did the Soviet naval groups trail US Task Force 74?
How many nuclear submarines did the Soviets have in the region during this time?
For how many months did the Soviet Navy trail US Task Force 74?
How many nuclear submarines did the Soviet Navy use to ward off the threat posed by the USS Enterprise task force?
How many days passed between the first and second group of vessels sent by the Soviet Navy to trail US Task Force 74?
How many days did the Soviet Navy trail US Task Force 74 into the Indian Ocean?
How many days did the second dispatchment by the Soviet Navy occur after the first?
How many days passed after the second dispatchment by the Soviet Navy until they began trailing US Task Force 74?
How many days passed between the first and second dispatching of cruisers and destroyers by the Soviet Navy from Vladivostok?
How many days did the Soviet submarine trail the US Task Force 74?
What was the last play
HOw many seconds were left when Donnell won for New York?
When did Wenceslaus II of Bohemia become King of Poland?
What was devastated by the Mongol invasion?
How many years did these event span for?
What happened first, the invasion of Poland or the extinction of the Premyslids?
How many years are between the Mogol invasion of Poland, and the Bohemian Kingdom being passed to the House of Luxemburg?
What happened first, the Mongol invasion of Poland, or John of Bohemia claiming the Polish title?
What happened first, the extinction of the Premyslids, or the Bohemian Kingtom being passed to the House of Luxembourg.
what year did dutchy lose to wencelaus?
how many years are in between the beginning of the passage to the end?
How many years after Krakow was devastated did Přemyslid king Wenceslaus II  become king of Poland?
Which happened first. The Mongol invasion of Poland or the extinction of the Přemyslids?
What nation was Wenceslaus II king of second: Přemyslid or Poland?
Who was King of Poland first: Wenceslaus II or John of Bohemia?
Who was King of Poland second: Wenceslaus II or John of Bohemia?
How many years before the Bohemian Kingdom passed to the House of Luxembourg did the Přemyslid king Wenceslaus II become King of Poland?
How many years after Krakow had been devastated during a Mongol invasion did Duchy of Kraków fell to the Přemyslid king Wenceslaus II of Bohemia?
How many years after Duchy of Kraków fell to the Přemyslid king Wenceslaus II of Bohemia did Wenceslaus II become King of Poland?
Who was the ruler of Poland before John of Bohemia?
How many years was Władysław I the Elbow-high ruler?
How many years was Wenceslaus II of Bohemia king of Poland?
How many months were the 34th Guards Rifle Division part of the  7th Airborne Corps?
Who were the 34th Guards Rifle Division with first, the 7th Airborne Corps, or the 5th Shock Army?
What did the 34th Guards Rifle Divisionbecome a part of?
How many Divisions did the 34th Guards get pushed back by during Operation Konrad I?
What happened first: 4th Ukrainian Front or disbanding of 34th Rifle division?
What happened second: 4th Ukrainian Front or disbanding of 34th Rifle division?
What division was disbanded in May 1946?
How many months after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was originally formed was it transferred to the 5th Stock Army?
How many months after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was transferred to the 5th Shock Army did it become part of the 31st Guards Rifle Corps of the 46th Army?
How many months after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was originally formed was it transferred to the 5th Shock Army?
Which armies was the 34th Guards Rifle Division assigned to?
How many months after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was formed was it transferred to the 5th Shock Army?
How many years after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was formed did it become part of the 31st Guards Rifle Corp of the 46th Army?
Where was the last place the 34th Guards Rifle Division was transferred to?
How many years after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was founded was it disbanded?
How many months after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was formed did it become part of the 31st Guards Rifle Corps of the 46th Army?
How many years after the 34th Guards Rifle Division was formed was it disbanded?
What caused the meeting that led to the Young Turk rebellion?
Who participated in the rebellion?
What caused the Young Turk rebellion?
How many days did the rebellion of 1908 last?
Which event happened first, the meeting between Edward VII and Nicholas II, or the revolution?
How many days did it take the mutiny of army units to achieve restoration of the 1876 constitution?
Fear of the division of what region caused the Turkish militia to revolt?
How many days did the rebellion last before sultan Abdul Hamid II capitualted?
What happened first: event that triggered the Revolution or sultan's attempt to suppress the uprising?
What happened second: event that triggered the Revolution or sultan's attempt to suppress the uprising?
How many months after Lu Weining visited Joseon to preside at the installation ceremony of the crown prince was the mausoleum of King Seonjo accidentally damaged?
How many years did Later Jin take to set out to conquer Ming and Mongolian territories?
How many years did Joseon spend conquering Ming and Mongolian territories?
How many years did Jin set out conquering nearby territories?
How much silver did Joseon spend?
Which event happened first, political grid locks or the ceremony of the Crown Prince?
Who requested a bribe from Joseon?
Who was in the lead for the first quarter?
Which players allowed the Bears to take the lead in the second quarter?
Which two players helped score a touchdown in the 4th quarter?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Longwell have?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many field goals longer than 35 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was Gould's longest field goal over Longwell's longest one?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Longwell kick?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdowns?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Brett Favre?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 15 yards?
Which touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make?
How many field goals between 25 and 40 yards were made?
How many more touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make compared to Brett Favre
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Longwell make?
Which field goals did Ryan Longwell  make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards shorter was Ryan Longwell's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Brett Favre?
How many more touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make over Brett Favre?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdown passes?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many TD passes did Jay Cutler throw over 17 yards?
Who scored the only field goal under 34 yards?
What were the 2 longest field goals?
How many games have the Raiders lost this season?
How short was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team lost the game, Rams or Raiders?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Stephen Jackson's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards was Jeff Wilkins' shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins' longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many yards was Stephen Jackson's shortest touchdown?
Who scored first, Jeff Wilkins or Stephen Jackson?
How many yards were  Jeff Wilkins' field goals on average?
How many eligible people are there in Marin County who are not registered voters?
How many more registered Democrats are there than Republicans in Marin County?
How many more registered Democrats are there than Republicans in Fairfax?
How many voters in Fairfax are not registered Democrats?
How many total registered voters are there in Belvedere?
How many people eligible to vote are not registered in Marin County?
Are there fewer registered Democrats, or Republicans?
How many more Democrats are there than Republicans in Marin County?
How many fewer people are registered with other political parties than those who decline to state a party?
In Fairfax, how many more Democrats are there than Republicans?
How many registered voters were neither registered Democrats or declined to state their party affiliation?
How many registered voters were not Democrat or Republican?
How many registered voters are not Democrats or Republicans?
How many registered voters are not registered as other than democrat or Republican or declined to state?
How many registered Republicans are not in Fairfax?
How many of Marin County's eligible voters are not registered?
Are there fewer voters registered as Democrats or Republicans?
How many more people are registered as Democrats as opposed to Republican?
How many seats did Sinn Fein not win in the general elections to British Parliament?
How many months passed between the founding of Sinn Fein and it becoming a formal movement?
How many seats in British Parliament went to groups other than Sinn Fein?
How many seats did Sinn Féin loose?
How many years between the meeting called by Court Plunkett and the election?
How many days in between the election and the adoption of the Declaration of Independence?
How many seats did Sinn Féin not win?
What happened first: the Conscription Crisis or adoption of the Declaration of Independence?
What happened second: the Conscription Crisis or adoption of the Declaration of Independence?
How many months after the meeting called by Court Plunkett did the formation of a broad political movement under the banner of Sinn Féin formalize?
How many seats of the 105 did Sinn Féin lose?
How many more percent points was the population of the village that were under age 18 then the population of the village that were ages 18 to 24?
How many less males for every 100 females were there when only females age 18 and over were taken into account?
Which age range of the village population had a higher percentage, ages 45 to 64, or ages 25 to 44?
Which gender was there less of in the village: males or females?
Which gender was there more of in the village: males or females?
How many in percent from the village weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent from the village weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent from the village weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent from the village weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent from the village weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group from the village is larger: females or males?
Which gender group from the village is smaller: females or males?
Which age group from the village is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group from the village is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group from the village is larger: 18 to 24 or 25 to 44?
Which age group from the village is smaller: 18 to 24 or 25 to 44?
Which age group from the village is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Where there ore males or females age 18 and over residing in the village?
How many more females were there for every male living in the village?
Where there more people living in the village who were 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
What age range was the highest percentage of the population?
How many more females were there for every 92.5 males?
How many more females over the age of 17 were there for every 89.6 males over the age of 17?
Did the village have more residents under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
Were there more people aged 25 to 44, or aged 45 to 64?
What age group had the largest population in the village?
What age group had the smallest population in the village?
Were more people over 65, or between the ages of 45 and 64?
Were there more males or females in the village?
Which age group was the biggest?
Which age group was the smallest?
Which age group was the second biggest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second smallest age group compared to the smallest?
Were more people 45 and older, or younger than 18?
Which groups in percent are larger than 17%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many points was the latter total with four minutes remaining?
How many points was the total at the end of the game?
How many points was the former total at the end of the game?
How many points was the latter total at the end of the game?
How many touchdowns did Miami score?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
Who is the Rams quarterback?
How many touchdowns did Tannehill throw?
How many passes did Landry catch?
How many passes did Parker catch?
How many points did Dolphins score in the fourth quarter?
How many more wins all-time do the Dolphins have when compared to the Rams?
Which player caught a touchdown pass from Ryan Tannehill?
How threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Steelers get in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many more grams/day do men consume per day on average compared to women?
How many calories difference is there in the amount that a 12 ounce serving of beer contains?
How many calories difference is there in the amount that a 5 ounce serving of wine contains?
Which alcohol generally has the most calories?
How many more grams/day to men consume on average compared to women?
How many less ounces is a standard serving of a distilled spirit compared to wine?
By ounce, which beverage has more calories: wine or beer?
Do women or men consume more alcohol a day?
How many more grams per day do men consume than women?
How many more percentages of racial makeup were Blacks in 2010 compared to Native Americans?
In which year were there more Non-Hispanic Whites, 2010 or 1970?
How many more percentages of  the racial makeup of the city were white in 1970 compared to 2010?
How many people than households are there in 2010?
How many more households were there than families living in the city?
How many more people are there than families living in the city?
How many people live per 3 square miles?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of the population were not Black or African-American?
How many percent were not Native American?
How many percent were not Asian?
How many percent were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent were not  from other races?
How many percent were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not  Hispanic or Latino of any race?
How many more people were there than families?
Which racial group made up more of the population, White or Black or African American?
How many more percentage points Native Americans were there than Pacific Islanders?
How many points difference is there between the white makeup of the city than the black makeup of the city?
How many more people were there than households?
As of the 2010 census, how many percent of people did not consider themselves white?
How many percent less was the white population in 2010 than it was in 1970?
How many percent of people considered themselves hispanic whites in the 2010 census?
What racial group had larger numbers as of the 2010 census, Native American or Asian?
How many people considered themselves not Hispanic or Latino of any race in 2010?
How many fewer percent of non-Hispanic Whites were there in 2010 compared to 1970?
How many households in the the census 2010 than families?
What all countries have a higher percentage than the Asian population?
How many more percentage of Non Hispanic Whites in 1970 than 2010?
How many days did the Corfu European Council last?
Which happened first, the Corfu European Council meeting or the delivery of a landmark ruling by the European Court of Human Rights?
How many days did the Corfu European Council last?
How many months after the Corfu European Council did Greece block the final implementation of a customs union?
How many days did the Corfu European Council last?
How many months after the Corfu European Council did Greece block the final implementation of a customs union?
How many years were talks between the EU and Turkey blocked?
How many points did the Saints score?
How many points did the Patriots score?
Who did the Patriots beat before beating the Texans?
Which team did the patriots play in week 2?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Who had the most receptions in the game?
Who caught a fourth quarter touchdown?
How many catches did Jason Witten have?
Who had the most receiving yards for Dallas?
Who caught the Raiders third quarter touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns did Romo have in the game?
Who had the most receiving yards of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who caught a 4 yard touchdown reception?
Who was the leading receiver?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Over how many years was the Council of Florence able to reestablish communion between East and West?
How many years did it take after the sackingof Constantinople until the final break with Rome?
How many years were there beween the sacking of Constantinople and Pope John Paul II's apology?
How many years passed between the first and second attempts at reunion?
Which happened first, the Second Council of Lyon or the Council of Florence?
Which happened first, the Council of Florence or the fall of Constantinople?
How many crusades were there before 1204?
How many years passed between the sacking of Constantinople by the Fourth Crusade and the break with Rome?
Which event happened first, the Second Council of Lyon of the Council of Florence?
How many years after the sacking of Constantinople was the formal apology issued by Pope John Paul II?
What was the first year was reunion attempted?
What was the second year reunion was attempted?
How many years long was communion reestablished between the East and West before the fall of Constantinople?
In which quarter did Matt Forte throw the most passes?
Who had the shortest field goal?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Who had the first touchdown reception of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which players had 3 yard touchdown runs?
How many touchdown passes were between 20 and 30 yards long?
How many fumbles did the Patriots have?
Who scored the Chiefs first points?
Which team commited a fumble in the first quarter?
How many points did the chiefs score on their first possession?
How many fumbles were their in the first quarter?
who won the game?
who did Matt Cassel play for?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many percentages of its energy needs does Taiwan produce itself?
How many fewer percentages did the industrial sector share of energy consumption drop from 1986 to 2002?
Which types of energy resources each make up less than 13% of consumption in Taiwan?
Which energy resources are consumed less than crude oil & petroleum products but more than nuclear power?
Which year saw a smaller industrial sector share, 1986 or 2002?
Which age group populates the country most?
Which are there less people of,  0-14 years or those who are 15–64 years?
How many more percentage points of the population is between 15 and 64 years than 0 and 14 years?
How many more percentage points of the population is between 0 and 14 years than 65 and older?
Who is the Viking's kicker?
Who is the Viking's quarterback?
Who is the Colt's kicker?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 50 yards were made?
How many points were the Colts leading by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
Which team scored less points during the second half?
How many games have the Bills won this season?
How many points were scored the first half?
How many yards did Lynch get in in his touchdown runs?
how many yards did pennington complete?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which quarterback scored on a 1-yard pass?
Which player ended the comeback drive of the Jets?
how many yards did lynch run?
how many yards did pennington pass?
how many ywards did lindell nail?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest running touchdown than the shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
What was the shortest TD pass?
Who made the shortest TD pass?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
What was the longest score in the game?
Which phases did the Bears score points?
How many passes did Cam Newton throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
how many points did the eagles win by?
how many yards did Demps return?
how many yards did McNabb pass to Jackson?
How many yards did Weaver fail to convert?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens get in the second half?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total field goals were kicked?
How many field goals did Gostkowksi kick?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown than the shortest?
How many touchdowns did Minnesota score in the second half?
Which quarterback rushed for a touchdown?
Which team won?
By how many points did the Vikings lose?
By how many points did the Redskins win?
Which team was ahead in the second half?
How many touchdowns were made in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Buehler get?
How many 20-yard field goals did Buehler kick?
How many TD passes did Grossman complete?
How many TD passes did Kitna complete?
How many touchdown passes were 10-yards or shorter?
Which quarterback ahd more touchdown passes thrown?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in total?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more did David Buehler make?
How many 5 yard TD passes did Grossman throw?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Rex Grossman or Jon Kitna?
Which players caught TD passes longer than 10 yards?
How many total combined yards of field goals did David Beuhler make?
How many yards longer was David Beuhler's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 20-yard field goals did David Buehler make?
How many total yards combined of touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes did Jon Kitna make?
How many yards longer was Jon Kitna's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which players scored touchdowns from 5 yards out?
Which players scored touchdowns from 3 yards?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were longer than 35 yards?
How many total yards did Buehler have?
How many teams finished a winless season?
Which team won the game?
Who was the Steeler Quarterback?
Who hooked up with Ward?
Who beat the Jets?
Where are the Bengals from?
Who was the Bengal Quarterback?
Who was the Steeler kicker?
Where was the game with the Jets?
Who won?
Which team scored the first points?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Bengals score in the third quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Steelers have at the half?
How many points did the Bengals score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Steelers have at the end?
How many points did the Bengals score?
Who did the Bengals beat prior to playing the Steelers?
How many field goal attempts were converted?
How many td passes were thrown?
How many touchdowns did Hines ward score?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Palmer or Roethlisberger?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards long were the two longest touchdowns of the entire game?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns of the entire game?
Who caught the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 1 yard, but shorter than 10 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked by both kickers combined over the entire game?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
How many more yards was Reed's longest field goal compared with Graham's longest field goal?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many years do these events span?
What event happened first, Zamboanga del Norte being kidnapped, or Gumandol being arrested?
How many years were between Gumandol being arrested and Zamboanga del Norte being kidnapped?
Who was kidnapped by ten armed men disguised as policemen?
How many months passed between Lim's kidnapping and his release?
How many years passed between the naming of Gumandol as a suspect and his arrest?
How many days passed from Lim's capture to his release?
How many years did it take for Lim's kidnapper to be arrested?
How many years after the kidnapping was Gumandol arrested?
How many days after Jeffrey Lim was kidnapped was he freed?
How many years after Mayor Jeffrey Lim was kidnapped was the person responsible for his kidnapping arrested?
For how many months was Mayor Jeffrey Lim held for ransom?
How long was David  Aker's longest field goal?
Who scored the most points, Baltimore or San Francisco?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards difference were there between David Akers' longest field goal and Billy Cundiff's longest field goal?
How many field goals 45-yards or longer were completed successfully?
How many yards longer was David Akers first quarter field goal compared to Billy Cundiff's first quarter field goal?
How many of the Harbaugh brothers coached in the game between the 49ers and Ravens?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made in the game?
How many field goals were kicked from 39 yards?
How many field goals were kicked from longer than 40 yards?
How many yards did Billy Cundiff kick?
how many yards did the 49ers return?
how many yards did Cundoff make in the second quarter?
how many yards did Akers get in the third quarter?
How many yards did Flacco complete?
How many yards did Cundiff nail in the fourth?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the three shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the three shortest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Billy Cundiff or David Akers?
How many more field goals did Billy Cundiff make over David Akers?
Which field goals did Billy Cundiff make?
How many total field goal yards did Billy Cundiff make?
How many yards difference is there between the shortest and longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Billy Cundiff's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Saints get in the first quarter?
How many points did Bryant score in the first quarter?
How many points did Bryant score in the first half?
How many points did Tampa Bay have at halftime?
How many points did the Saints get n the third quarter?
Which team won?
How many yards difference was Matt Bryant’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Drew Brees’s first touchdown pass compared to Luke McCown’s first touchdown pass?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Bryant's second field goal compared to his first?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards in the first half?
Which players caught 4 yard touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which running back had more than two touchdowns?
Which team had more points in the fourth quarter?
Who had over 100 yards receiving and rushing?
With the help of the British Prime Minister, how many days did it take Poland and Russia to reach an agreement?
For how many months was the Kiev Offensive successful?
How many days after the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty was signed did it take Russia and Lithuania to reach an agreement aout the removal of Russian troops?
How many regions were recognized to Lithuania in the Soviet-Lithuanian Peach Treaty?
How many months did these events span for?
What event happened first, Poland launching a large-scale Kiev offensive, or the Peace Treaty being signed?
What event happened first, the Peace Treaty being signed, or the Polish Army retreating after the Russian counterattacks?
How many months after Poland launched the large-scale Kiev Offensive did they have to retreat?
How many days after Grabski agreed to a resolution with the Soviets was the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty signed?
How many days after signing the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty did Lithuania and Soviet Russia sign a convention regarding withdrawal of Russian Troops from recognized Lithuanian Territory?
What happened first: the large-scale Kiev Offensive or Grabski seek millitary assistance from Allied Powers?
What happened second: the large-scale Kiev Offensive or Grabski seek millitary assistance from Allied Powers?
How many months passed since the large-scale Kiev Offensive and the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty was signed?
How many months passed between the launch of the Kiev Offensive and the retreat of the Polish Army?
What happened first, the Spa Conference or the defeat of the Red Army in Poland?
How many days passed between when Polish Prime Minister Władysław Grabski asked the Allied Powers in the Spa Conference for military assistance and the signing of the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty?
How many days passed between the British Prime Minister agreeing to the resolution and Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty?
What happened first, the Kiev Offensive, or the defeat of the Red Army in Poland?
How many days after the British Prime Minister Lloyd George agreed to the resolution did the Soviet-Lithuanian Peace Treaty get signed?
How many different regions made up the Vilnius Region?
How many months after Poland launched the large-scale Kiev Offensive in hopes to capture Ukraine did the Polish Army start retreating after Russian counterattacks?
What is one of the Czech Republic's trading partners?
How many years did the Financial crisis last?
How many percentage points difference is there between the minimum and maximum amount of decrease in the GDP?
How many years did the financial crisis last?
How many years did the Financial crisis last?
When was the crisis
Did the GDP drop or rise?
How many years did the financial crisis last?
Which had a smaller effect on the Chech Republic, the credit portion of the crisis of exporting?
How many financial crises had the Czech Republic faced since 1990?
Which currency do the Czech Republic use for household debt?
How many years did the Financial crisis last?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Panthers get on their forst score?
How many points did the panthers get on their second scoring drive?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which QB threw for over 400 yards?
How many yards was the longest pass for a TD?
How many field goals did Feely have?
How many field goals did Kasay have?
How many touchdowns did Burress have?
How many touchdowns did Shockey have?
How many touchdowns did Tyree have?
Which team scored more points, Panthers or Giants?
How many touchdowns did Manning complete?
How many touchdowns did Plaxico Burress have?
How many combined field goal yards did Jay Feely have?
How many field goals did Jay Feely make?
how many yards did did feely nail?
how many yards did Weinke attempt to throw?
how many yards did kasay nail?
how many yards did Feely get?
how many yards did Kasay nail?
how many yards did Manning pass?
Who had a 36 yard touchdown reception?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw for more than 20 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Eli Manning throw for on touchdown passes?
Who had a 28 yard touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which kicker made the longer field goal when only the first two field goals are observed?
Which kicker made the third longest field goal of the game?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring longer than 30 yards long?
How many more yards long was Drew Carter's first touchdown when compared to Plaxico Burress' first touchdown?
How many total yards were gained on touchdowns shorter than 10 yards long?
How many losses did the Panthers have after the game?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Which quarterback had at least 399 yards passing?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more did Bironas make?
How many times did the Jaguars score?
How many total yards were the two shortest field goals?
Which player kicked a field goal from longer than 30 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make than Josh Scobee?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than Josh Scobee's longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many runs did Edgerrin James get in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 25 yards were scored?
In which quarter were the most touchdowns scored?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Warner's longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was Favre's longest touchdown run compared with his second longest?
Which quarterback threw fewer touchdown passes?
In which quarters were three touchdowns scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest touch down of the first two quarters?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the first two quarters?
Who caught the most touchdown passes in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first two quarters?
Were there more field goals or touchdowns scored in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the entire game?
Were more touchdowns scored in the fourth or third quarter?
How many more touchdowns did the Cardinals score in the third quarter compared to the fourth?
In what two quarters did Brett Favre not throw a touchdown pass?
How many yards in field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards in touchdown passes did Brett Favre complete in the game?
Which player received more touchdown passes from Brett Favre in the game, Jerricho Cotchery or Dustin Keller?
What two players received at least two touchdown passes in the game from Brett Favre?
Which occurred first, the changes to legislation increasing labour market flexibility, or and increase in the unemployment rate?
Was the unemployment rate in Estonia higher in summer 2011 or in 2015?
What lowered the unemployment rate?
How many percentage points higher did Estonia's unemployment rate peak at compared to the 13.8% it stabiized at?
How many percentage points more was the unemployment rate through the crisis than it was in summer 2011?
Approximately how many percentage points did the unemployment rate drop between 2011 and 2016?
How many years did it take for the unemployment rate to drop from 13.8% to just above 6%?
How many percentage points is the difference between the unemployment rate throughout the crisis and the rate in 2011?
How many percentage points difference is there between the unemployment rate throughout the crisis and what it was in 2016?
What happened first: Peter I ordered another investigation or members were removed from Moscow?
What happened second: Peter I ordered another investigation or members were removed from Moscow?
How many points did the Redskins beat the Cardinals in their new stadium?
Which is the first team the Washington Redskins tied since 1971?
How many points did the Redskins beat the Cardinals by in the first game at Jack Kent Cooke Stadium?
How many years had it been since the Redskins had ended in a tie prior to the 1997 game with the Giants?
In the 1997 - 1998 season, how many years in a row had the Redskins missed the playoffs?
How many more points did the Redskins score compared to the Cardinals in their game in 1997?
How many points did the Redskins and Giants score combined in their game in 1997?
How many more points did the Redskins score in their game against the Cardinals than the Giants?
How many days after the Redskins played in their new stadium for the first time did they have a tie against the New York Giants?
How many days after the Redskins played in their new stadium for the first time did Darrell Green play in his 217th career game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored last?
How many points was Houston trailing by at the half?
Which team scored last?
How many touchdown passes did Rodgers have in each half?
How many touchdowns did James Jones catch?
Who caught more touchdowns, James Jones or Jordy Nelson?
How many more touchdowns did Green Bay score than Houston in the first half?
How many field goals did Houston get in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Houston get in the first half?
How many field goals did Crosby make in the third quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many times did James Jones receive a touchdown pass?
Which player caught three touchdown passes?
Which player caught two first half touchdown receptions?
Which players caught two or more touchdown passes?
How many years did the catastrophic famine for Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Norway and Sweden last?
Who had gthe stronger economy, Scotland or England?
How many years did the religious unrest in Scotland last for?
WHich occured first for Scotland, the "seven ill years" or the Wars of the Three Kingdoms?
When did the Wars of the Three Kingdoms end?
The religious unrest went on for how many years?
How many total years did the catastrophic famine last for?
What happened first, the Wars of the Three Kingdoms or the establishment of the Bank of Scotland?
How many years was the Wars of the Three Kingdoms?
How many years did the religious differences last?
How many years did the famine in Europe last?
In the late 17th century, how was the Scottish economy compared to the English economy?
What industry was harmed by the Navigation Act?
How many years did the Wars of the Three Kingdoms last?
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many yards was the only first half TD?
Who scored on the longest TD play of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which running back had over 180 yards rushing?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Michael Vick or Eli Manning?
Who throw the only touchdown pass of the game?
How long was the Losman touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many touchdown passes did Losman have?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards difference was Rian Lindell‘s first field goal compared to Mike Nugent 's field goal?
How many yards difference was Rian Lindell‘s second field goal compared to Mike Nugent 's field goal?
How many points did the Bills score in the first quarter?
Who beat the Ravens the week before?
How many games did the Bills beat the Jets this season?
In which two quarters was the only score a field goal?
Which player scored a field goal longer than 29 yards in the first half?
How many yards longer was Lindell's field goal than Nugent's in the first half?
Which player was sidelined do to injury?
How many yards longer was Lindell's second field goal than his first?
How many field goals longer than 28 yards were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Buffalo's second field goal over its first one?
Which player kicked the longest and the shortest field goal?
how many yards was whites td run?
How many yards did browns td run?
How many more wins than losses did the Titans have after this game?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there in the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Brown's shortest field goal?
Which players scored from 1 yard?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
What were the Texans two shortest touchdown plays?
What are the top two longest field goals made by Kris Brown?
What all touchdowns did Vince Young complete?
How many yards difference was Vince Young’s second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total scoring yards did the Titans get?
How many touchdown receptions did Mark Clayton have?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many points were the Panthers leading by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored from tipped throws?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored last?
Who won the game?
Who lost the game?
How many points did the Seahawks score against the Cardinals?
How many points did Arizona score?
How many points did the Rams put up?
How many points did the Rams field goals result into?
How many times did the Cardinals score in the game?
How many passes did Todd Gurley catch?
What nationality was Selman Reis?
How many more men were there in the Mamuk  army than the group of Levantines?
How many of the Mamluk forces were not Turkish?
How many more points did the Bears win than the Redskins in the 1940 NFL Championship game?
How many points were scored in all when the Bears played the Packers in 1980?
How many points did the Bears lose by against the Colts in 1964?
How many times did the Bears lose in both regular season and playoff games in 1934?
How many regular season and playoff games did the Bears lose in 1942?
How many teams completed a championship three-peat before the AFL-NFL merger?
How many points did the Bears defeat the Packers by in their 1980 home victory?
Which Bears' coach has more victories, Halas or Ditka?
How many Bears' coaches have recorded over 100 victories?
Did the Bears score more points in their victory against the Redskins or against the Packers?
How many more points did the Bears score in their victory against the Redskins compared to their victory against the Packers?
How many times did the Chicago Bears record an undefeated regular season?
How many years after first recording an undefeated regular season did the Bears achieve that feat for the second time?
How many points did the Bears score in the game holding the record for the biggest margin of victory in an NFL game?
How many points did the Bears win by in the game against the Packers in 1980?
How many points did the Bears score in the game with the Colts in 1964?
Who scored more points against the Bears - the Packers in 1980, or the Colts in 1964?
How many undefeated regular seasons did the Bears have?
How many points did the Packers score against the Bears in 1980?
Which teams defeated the Bears in the championship games of their undefeated seasons?
How many total points did the Bears score between their largest ever victory, and their largest home victory?
Which team scored first?
Who took the lead in the 2nd quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yard was the longest touchdown pass?
how many yards did OSullivan complete?
how many yards did Bruce pass?
How many yards were passed to Bruce during the game?
how many yards did O'Sullivan complete?
Which team lost to the Saints in week 4?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Which team was ahead at the end of the first quarter?
What number was retired at halftime?
Which team allowed the most points in the second quarter?
Which team lost the game?
How many of the last two games played have the 49ers won?
How many field goal did the Patriots score in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski score in the second half?
Who threw the longest TD pass of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
In which quarter did the 49ers loss the lead?
How many years after Wallenstein was assassinated was the trilogy completed?
Wallenstein was kill how?
In what year did the Thirty Years' War begin?
Who is Wallenstein in the trilogy?
What city did the last play take place in?
What is the last play in Wallenstein?
What is the second play in Wallenstein?
what is earliest date mentioned in passage?
How many plays make up the triology of dramas designated as Wallenstein by German author Friedrich Schiller?
How many years after Wallenstein's assassination did Schiller complete the trilogy?
What happened first: Schiller completed the trilogy or the start of the Thirty Years' War?
How many days early did Thompson get out of jail?
Who was the reason that Thompson didn't graduate?
Which author did Thompson read and admire?
How many days of Thompson's sentence in Kentucky's Jefferson County Jail did he not have to serve?
How many years was Thompson a member of the Athenaeum Literary Association before the group ejected him?
How many schools in all did Thompson attend through his school career?
How many years was Thompson a member of the Athenaeum Literary Association?
How many high schools did Thompson attend?
How many schools did Thompson attend from elementary school until he graduated high school?
How many years passed between the founding of the Athenaeum Literary Association and Thompson's joining the club?
How many fewer days was Thompson in jail than his original sentence?
How many more households were there than families?
How many more Germans were there than English, in percentage?
Which ancestry group had more people, Italian or Polish?
Which ancestry group had the least amount of people in the population?
Which were there less of, English speakers or Spanish speakers?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census weren't German?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census weren't Italian?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census weren't Irish?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census weren't United States people ancestry?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census weren't Polish people ancestry?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census didn't speak English?
How many in percent according to the 2000 Census didn't speak Spanish as their first language?
How many more households were there than families?
Which ancestry contained more people, Germans or Italian?
Which language had more speakers, English or Spanish?
How many more people were there than households?
Which were there less of, people, households or families?
How many people was the race populating the largest portion of the city made up of, in percentage?
How many people was the race populating the second to least portion of the city made up of, in percentage?
How many more English people were there than Irish people, in percent?
Which were there more of, Polish or Germans?
Which language was not spoken by many people?
Which groups are at least 17000 in size?
Which groups are between 10000 and 17000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 10%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 10%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 10%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Polish?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which were there more of, families or households?
How many of the races each made up more than 1% of the population?
How many races made less than the race that made up 5.9% of the population but more than the race that made up 0.6% of the population?
Which ancestry groups made up at least 10% less of the population than the Germans?
How many ancestry groups each made up more than 10% of the population?
How many races each made up more than 1% of the population but less than 2%?
Who is the 49ers quarterback?
What was the final score of the game?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many sacks did the Steelers have?
How many yards was the longest pass for a TD?
How many passes did Roethlisberger miss?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did the 49ers have at halftime?
How many passes did Ben Roethlisberger attempt?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many incomplete passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many more points were scored in the first half than in the second?
How many more touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw than Kaepernick?
How many total touchdown passes did Roethlisberger and Kapernick throw combined?
How many incomplete passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many more points were scored in the first half than in the second?
Who threw the longest pass?
Who scored more points, Redskins or Cowboys?
How many touchdowns did Jason Campbell throw in the second quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jason Campbell throw in the second quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored more field goals, Shaun Suisham or Nick Folk?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Tony Romo or Jason Campbell ?
Which player had the third longest touchdown pass?
Which touchdown passes did Tony Romo make?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
How many total field goal yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards combined were the top three longest field goals?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first?
How many more field goals did Shaun Suisham make over Nick Folk?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored first in the second half?
What was the longest td pass in this game?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which two players scored from the 1 yard line?
How many times did Dallas score in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes of at least 40 yards did Romo throw?
Which team had more rushing touchdowns?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were there over 50 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns from 1 yard?
In which quarter were no touchdowns scored?
Were more touchdowns scored from a run or from a pass?
How many yards longer was Folk's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
In which quarter was only one most touchdown scored?
How many touchdown passes were made from under 5 yards?
How many touchdown passes were made between 40 and 70 yards?
How many touchdown passes were from over 50 yards?
How many field goals were from under 30 yards?
How many touchdown runs were made by Carnell Williams?
Who had the touchdown runs that were from 1 yard?
Was the defence budget lower in 2005 or the fiscal year of 2016?
Who receives more of the defense expenditures, the Royal Thai Army of the navy?
How many years after the Battle of Culloden did the Seven Years War start?
How many years did the French Revolution and its Napoleonic aftermath last?
How many years did the Tories remain in power?
How many years after the Battle of Culloden did the First British Empire start to grow?
How many countries defeated Britain in the War of American Independence?
How many years did the French Revolution And its Napoleonic aftermath last?
How many years did the Tories stay in power after the French Revolution?
What happened first, the reign of Queen Victoria, or the First World War?
What countries were allies if Britain in the First World War?
What countries were ahead of Britain industrially?
What was stronger, the British industrial base, or the London financial markets?
How many years passed between the end of the First World War and the beginning of World War II?
How many years had passed from the begining of the First World War until the end of World War II?
How many years did Queen Victoria reign?
How many years did World War II last?
How many outstanding political leaders were there of the 19th century?
How many years was the first World War?
How many countries allied to defeat Britain in the War of American Independence?
How many points was the Panthers lead at halftime?
How many touchdowns did Dallas score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more wins did the Texans have in their AFC South title season over the previous season?
How many total points did the Texans score in their two playoff games?
How many total points did the Texans' opponents score in their two playoff games?
How many total games did the Texans win between 2007 and 2009?
Which season between 2007 and 2011 did the Texans have the fewest wins?
How many total games did the Texans win in 2007 and 2008?
How many yards longer was the first offensive touchdown compared to the first field goal?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards in length?
How many touchdowns were longer than 20 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest defensive touchdown compared to the longest offensive touchdown?
How many yards did all offensive touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did all touchdowns combine for?
How many yards in differential were there between the longest and shortest touchdown?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays longer than 20 yards?
How many yards were all the touchdowns combined?
Who scored a touchdown from less than 20 yards?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's first field goal over his second one?
How many more wins did the Texans have in 2009-10 over the previous two years?
Did the Texans have a better season in 2009 or 2010?
How many more wins did the Texans have in 2011-12 over 2009-10?
What was the lowest win total the Texans had in a season?
How many total points did the Texans score in their two playoff games in 2011-12??
How many playoff games did the Texans win?
How many total field goal yards did Nick Folk make?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
Which players scored touchdowns in the game?
Was it Bayezid or TImur who did NOT make the first move or take the first action that initially started the war between the Ottomans and Mongols?
Which territories did Timur take in 1400-01?
How many regions did Timur invade during the 1380s and 1390s?
How many areas did Timur take from 1400-01?
How many points were the Raiders winning by in the 3rd quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Akers kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker had two 45 yard field goals?
Which kicker kicked the shorter field goal of the 4th quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards longer was David Akers' first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards longer was David Akers' first field goal compared to Sebastian Janikowski's first field goal?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many 45-yard field goals were kicked in the game?
How many more points did the Raiders score compared to the Eagles in the first half?
How many field goals longer than 44 yards were kicked in the last quarter?
How many field goals were 45 yards?
How many field goals were over 40 yards?
How many yards was added after RB Jamal Lewis made a touchdown?
How many yards were added by the Pittsburgh RB?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many points did Stover's field goal result into?
How many points did the Steelers score?
What's the Mcnair's completion rate?
How many yards did the Ravens leading rusher have?
Who was the Ravens leading passer?
Who was the Steelers leading rusher?
How many sacks did the Ravens have on Ben Roethlisberger?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
What day of the week did the game take place?
How many touchdowns did Stafford throw?
How many career touchdowns did Stafford have before the game?
How many times did the Lions score during the second half?
How long was the longest field goal?
When did the Lions take permanent lead?
How many total points were scored?
Who caught the Giants first TD?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest play that lead to a touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play of the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass for the Lions?
How many total yards were gained on the two longest touchdown passes?
What was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown scored compared to the second?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception at halftime?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many years passed between the annexation of the Novgorod Republic and the "eternal" peace treaty?
How many cities did Ivan III burn?
What was the date of Jagiellon's marriage to Helena?
Who was Helena's husband?
Who got the territory in the upper reaches of the Oka River in the agreement?
How many field goals did Novak kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Novak kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who was unable to finish the season?
What quarter was the second longest field goal in?
Vincent Jackson received a touchdown pass from who?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Jason Elam kick?
How many touchdown passes did Vincent Jackson receive?
Which player had the most touchdowns?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Jason Elam make?
What player scored the most touchdowns in the first two quarters?
From what yard line did both teams score in the first two quarters?
Were fewer touchdowns scored in the first quarter or second quarter?
Who scored the most touchdowns over the entire game?
How many yards was LaDainian Tomlinson's longest touchdown?
How many yards was LaDainian Tomlinson's shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, LaDainian Tomlinson or Mike Bell?
How many yards were all Elam's field goals combined?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which players had 3 yard touchdown runs?
How many losses did the Broncos have after the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team did Lovie Smith previously coach?
Who kicked two field goals in the second quarter?
Who threw the only touchdown of the third quarter?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Bryant kick than Suisham?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many more people were in Crimea in 2001 than in 1989?
How many people did the Crimean population increase by between 1989 and 2001?
How many people lived in regions of Ukraine outside the westernmost regions in 1989?
How many Crimean Tatars did the population increase by between 1989 and 2001?
How many more people were there in Crimea in 2001 from the 1989 population?
How many years did it take for the population in Crimea to increase from 38000 to 243400?
how many points did the chiefs win by?
who scored first?
Which quarterback score the most points in the first half?
How many field goals did the Chiefs kick during the game?
How many points did the Browns score in the second half?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
how many yards did the browns score on in the second?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Browns lead by at halftime?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop kick?
Which group of immigrants was in greater numbers in Tripoli in 2009, Moroccans or Tunisians?
About how many percent was the non-immigrant population prior to the wary?
How many Tunisians and Moroccans were recorded by their embassies in 2009?
What was the country the majority of immigrants came from in 2009?
How many more Egyptians were recorded by the embassy in Tripoli than Tunisians and Moroccans combined?
How many of the Asian migrants were not Bangladeshis or Indians?
How many of the Asian migrants were not Indians or Pakistanis?
How many more of the Asian migrants were Bangladeshis than Indians and Pakistanis?
How many of the Asian migrants were not Pakistanis or Filipinos?
How many more of the Asian migrants were Bangladeshis than Pakistanis or Filipinos?
How many field goals did Vinatieri make?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Kris Brown?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Kris Brown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Kris Brown score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Kris Brown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays of 20 yards or more?
Which running back had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards long did the mean value of all rushing touchdowns measure?
Who did Tampa Bay lose to before this game?
Which player threw the winning touchdown pass?
Who is the Steelers punter?
How was the last score made?
Which player threw the final touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many months did it take for the English to take control of the colony of New Netherland?
How many months after the English had control of the colony of New Netherland did they attack theh Dutch Smyrna fleet?
How many months was it between the English attack of the Dutch Smyrna fleet and war being declared on the Netherlands?
How many months did it take for the English to have control of the Dutch colony of New Netherland after they invaded?
How many months after the English invaded New Netherland did the English attack the Dutch Smyrna fleet?
How many months after the English attacked the Dutch Smyrna fleet did Charles officially declare war on the Netherlands?
How many months after the Dutch began allowing their ships to open fire on English warships in the colonies if they felt threatened did Charles declare war on the Netherlands?
How many months after the English invaded the Dutch colony of New Netherland did they attacked the Dutch Smyrna fleet?
How many months after the English invaded the Dutch colony of New Netherland did they have control of it?
How many months after the English invaded the Dutch colony of New Netherland did the English attack the Dutch Smyrna fleet?
How many months after the English attacked the Dutch Smyrna fleet did the Dutch allow their ships to open fire on English warships in the colonies when threatened?
How many months after the English attacked the Dutch Smyrna fleet was war declared by the English on the Netherlands?
Which occurred first, Charles declared war on the Netherlands or the English invaded the Dutch colony?
How many months after the English invaded New Netherland colony did Charles II declare war?
How many more games had the Packers lost than won?
Who received interceptions from Hundley?
Which player threw two interceptions?
How many points were scored in the first half by both teams?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which quarterback had the game winning touchdown pass?
Which teams scored the first 13 points?
How many passes did A.J. Green receive?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
Which player threw the most touchdown pasees?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
Which direction did Santos field goal kick go?
How many losses did Kansas City have coming into this game?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many points was the deficit Chicago came back from?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did Chicago win the game by?
How many years did it take for the duke to undo the Edict of Reintegration edits?
What territory did Savoy regain in 1696?
How many years were the 1686 edits of persecution in effect?
How many years passed during which the Waldensians were allowed to live in Savoy?
How many years after the duke officially annulled the 1686 edits of persecution with the Edict of Reintegration did Savoy conclude a separate peace with France?
How many years did it take for the 1686 edits of persecution to be annulled?
How many years were the Waldensians allowed to live in their old places of residence before being expelled again?
Who's edict was issued first, Victor Amadeus'  or the Duke's?
Which was the last month in which Protestants abandoned  the Waldensian valleys?
Who allowed the Waldensians to live undisturbed, the duke or Victor Amadeus?
How many years after the duke claimed it was okay for the Waldensians to live undisturbed was it overturned by Savoy?
How many days passed between Dartmouth's surrender and the defeat of Hopton at the Battle of Torrington?
Which royalist post fell first, Wallingford Castle or Harlech Castle?
Who lost first, Charles I or Hopton?
Who surrendered before Sir Richard Lane signed a treaty in June?
How many sieges of Oxford did it take before Sir Richard Lane negotiated a treaty?
What happened first, Dartmouth surrendered or the Battle of Torrington?
Who surrendered first, Dartmouth, Hopton or Charles I?
What happened first, Dartmouth surrendering or Hopton being defeated at the Battle of Torrington?
What happened first, the Battle of Torrington or the Battle of Stow-on-the-Wold?
How many days after end of the Battle of Stow-on-the-Wold did April Charles I journey from Oxford to Newark?
How many days after Raglan Castle surrendered did Montrose escaped from the Highlands?
How many days after Hopton was defeated at the Battle of Torrington did he surrender his army?
Which Battle took place first, the Battle of Torrington or the Battle of Stow-on-the-Wold?
How many days after Charles I journeyed from Oxford to Newark did he surrender to General David Leslie?
What date did Newark surrender?
How many months after Charles left Newark did he come to the camp of the Scottish army at Southwell?
How many days after Dartmouth surrendered was Hopton defeated at the Battle of Torrington?
Which battle was fought first, the Battle of Torrington or the Battle of Stow-on-the-Wold?
How many more part-time faculty members are there than full-time?
Which group has the most students, undergraduates or graduates?
How many more countries are there than languages spoken in the class of 2011?
Which group is there more of, students who scored higher than 1090 or scored higher than 1280?
How many percentage of average high school students had a GPA higher than 85%?
How many percent were not at SAT score of 25th–75th percentile range of 1090 to 1280?
Which was the smallest group at Hunter, 20,844 students or 15,718  undergraduates?
Which group was the largest group at Hunter, graduates or students?
Which are there more of, full-time or part-time faculty members?
How many less full-time members exist than part-time?
Which group of students are there more of, undergraduates or graduates?
How many more undergraduates are there than graduates?
How many full and part time faculty and students does Hunter have?
How many percent of Hunter students do not have at least one parent that is foreign born or were born in the US?
Which type of faculty members does Hunter have less of, full-time or part-time?
Which SAT score did more Fall 2012 class of freshmen have, higher than 1090 or higher than 1280?
How many more part-time faculty members does Hunter have compared to full-time?
How many more students, by percent, had a high school GPA higher than 85% compared to those higher than 92%?
How many is the difference of the yards San Francisco rushed for and the yards Rivers threw for?
How many is the difference of the yards San Francisco rushed for and the yards Gore had?
How many is the difference in the yards River threw for and the yards Gore had?
In what time of possession did the Chargers kick a field goal for the win?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have in the first half?
Did Shaun Suisham or Mike Nugent score more field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have total?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent have total?
Which team scored fewer points in the third quarter?
Which team scored fewer points in the fourth quarter?
How many total offensive and special teams touchdowns did the Jets have?
Who made more field goals, Suisham or Nugent?
How many special teams touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Nugent kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who made more field goals, Suisham or Nugent?
On what 1/12 of a year, 1/365 of a year, and 1/10 of a decade did the division of the colony into North and South was completed?
On what 1/12 of a year did the division of the colony into North and South was completed?
On what 1/365 of a year did the division of the colony into North and South was completed?
On what 1/10 of a decade did the division of the colony into North and South was completed?
How many years after the charter was granted was the colony divided?
How many years after getting the thrown back did Charles give away the land?
Which happened first, Charles getting his thrown back or him issuing the Carolina charter?
the Carolina charter was issued from where?
How many years passed between Charles II being restored to the throne and the granting of the Carolina charter?
How many parts was the colony divided into?
How many years after the appointment of the governor was the clony divided into North and South?
How many years after the division of the colony did the unrest begin in South Carolina?
What happened first, the unrest against the proprietos of South Carolina, or the appoinment of a royal governor?
How many years after the Carolina charter was created was it divided into North and South?
How many years after Charles II was restored to the throne  did he grant the Carolina Charter for land south of Virginia Colony and north of Spanish Florida?
How many years after the division of the colony into North and South was completed did unrest against the proprietors in South Carolina lead to the appointment of a royal governor in that colony?
How many sacks did the Rams get?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many points did Seattle win by?
How many sacks did the Rams defense have?
How many yards was Tates longest TD?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Tate score?
Which receiver did Clemens throw to for the final play?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team had the longest scoring play of the game?
Which team allowed the least points?
How many wins did the Seahawks have before this game?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Russell Wilson throw?
How many passes did Golden Tate receive?
How many yards was the Seahawks second quarter touchdown?
Who had the longest reception of the game?
How many field goals did the Rams kick?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
Who caught an 80-yard touchdown reception?
Which team scored more points, Rams or Seahawks?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who made more field goals, Rams or Seahawks?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Shaun Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score in the first quarter?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the first quarter?
How many total yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham kick in the second quarter?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first two quarters?
How many yards, to one decimal place, on average were Shaun Suisham's field goals in the second quarter?
Were more field goals kicked in the first and second quarters or the third and fourth quarters?
Were more yards of touchdowns scored in the first two quarters or the last 2 quarters?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored 10 yards or longer?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 10 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 45 yards?
How many more field goals did Suisham make than Akers?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were the Jets leading by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were there during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many points were the Jets leading by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first or 2nd quarter?
How many touchdowns 5 yards or shorter were scored in the first half?
Who scored the most touchdowns?
From which yard lines did Shonn Greene score touchdowns?
Did Shonn Greene score more touchdowns in the first or second half?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns scored?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many total field goal yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which touchdown runs did Shonn Greene make?
How many points did the Colts lose by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
How many points did both teams score in the second quarter?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
How many total field goals did Adam Vinatieri have?
How many touchdowns did each team score in the second half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
Which team scored fewer points in the second half?
How many yards was Adam Vinatieri's shortest field goal?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
Which player kicked the longest field goal in the second quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Dave Rayner?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which field goals did Adam Vinatieri make?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Adam Vinatieri score compared to Dave Rayner?
Which player was first to kick a field goal shorter than 40 yards?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many yards were gained on the first TD run and the first TD reception?
How many yards of differential were there between the first field goal scored and the last field goal scored?
How many yards did the last touchdown scored and the last field goal combine for?
How many yards did the mean value measure when all field goals are taken into account?
How many yards longer was the mean value for field goals compared to the mean value of touchdowns?
Which kicker scored the longest field goal?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards in length separated the last field goal scored and the last touchdown?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Adam Vinatieri or Dave Rayner?
How many more field goals did Adam Vinatieri make over Dave Rayner?
How many yards shorter was Adam Vinatieri's second field goal compared to his first?
Which field goals did Adam Vinatieri make?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many field goals over 20 yards did Adam Vinatieri make?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Adam Vinatieri make?
Which team won?
Who was five yards short from most yards?
How many TD catches of at least 80 yards did Lee Evans have?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Buffalo win by?
How many touchdowns longer than 80 yards were scored?
what team had home advantage?
what team came out behind initially?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass in the game?
How many games in the season had the Bengals lost after this game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run in the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first score of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many losses did the Bengals have after the game?
How many years after Madeleine's leadership in 1692, did she get married to Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade?
How many years after Madeleine got married, did she die?
When was Madeleine born?
Who died at a younger age, Marie-Madeleine or Pierre-Thomas?
How many years longer did Pierre-Thomas live compared to Marie-Madeleine?
How many years after François' death did Marie-Madeleine die?
How many years after François' death did Marie-Madeleine get married?
Who was François's daughter?
Who was Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade wife?
How many years after Madeleine's father die did she get married?
In what year was Marie-Madeleine born?
How many years after François died did Madeleine die?
How many years after Madeleine die did her husband die?
What year was Pierre-Thomas born in?
How many years after her father's death was Madeline married?
What year was Marie-Madeleine born?
How many years old was Marie-Madeleine when she was the leader in 1692?
What year was Pierre-Thomas born?
How many years old was Madeleine when her father died?
How many years after her father did Madeleine die?
How many years after Madeleine did her husband die?
What year was Madeleine's husband born?
How many years old was Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade when he married Madeleine?
How many years old was Madeleine when she got married?
How many years after her father died was Madeleine married?
Who was Madeleine's father-in-law?
How many years after François, Madeleine's father, died did she marry Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade?
How many years after Madeleine married Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade did she die?
Who died first, Pierre-Thomas Tarieu de La Pérade or Marie-Madeleine ?
How many years after Marie-Madeleine died did Pierre-Thomas die?
How many years old was Madeleine when her father, Francois, died?
What year was Madeleine born??
Which quarterback had more touchdowns passes?
Which player had the longest scoring reception?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Akers kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the only running touchdown of the game?
Who kicked the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the first field goal relative to the first rushing touchdown?
Which players scored the two shortest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were accumulated on the two shortest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were accumulated on the shortest rushing and shortest passing touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards were accumulated on the two shortest field goals kicked?
How many field goals kicked measured between 20-yards and 30-yards in length?
How many touchdowns measuring between 1-yard and 10-yards in length were scored?
Which quarterback threw for the third longest touchdown?
Which kicker made the second longest field goal?
How many yards were accumulated across the three shortest field goals?
Which player scored the second shortest rushing touchdown?
how many yards did campbell run?
how many yards did the eagles pass?
how many yards did the eagles take the lead with?
how many yards did campbell complete in the second?
how many yards did akers kick?
how many yards did davis pass?
How many tochdown passes did Carson Wentz throw?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score?
How many field goals did Sturgis make in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Sturgis make in the second quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many field goal attempts were made in the first quarter?
How many missed field goals were there in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which team won the game?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Eagles score in the first half?
Which player was on the receiving end of Wentz's first touchdown pass?
How many field goals were converted in the first two quarters of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first two quarters of play?
How many touchdowns of 1-yard were scored?
How many points did the Eagles win the game by?
Who did Carson Wentz throw touchdown passes to?
Which players scored 1 yard touchdowns?
From what distance did both teams score?
Which players scored touchdowns by halftime?
Which happened first, the nine-month truce or the Peace of Melno?
What caused the nine month long truce between Teutonic and Poland?
What side was unable to recover from the effects of the war?
What happened to the Knights leaders?
How many years did the Great War last?
What happened first: the Teutonic invasion of Poland or the nine-month truce?
What happened second: the Teutonic invasion of Poland or the nine-month truce?
How many years between the truce expiring and the Peace of Melno?
How many years did the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War last?
How many years after the defeat of the Teutonic Knights did it take for the territorial disputes to end?
How many were allied against the Teutonic Knights?
How many years did the Great War last?
How many years passed between the expiration of the truce and the Peace of Melno?
How many years did the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War last between 1409-1411?
Were there more housing units or households?
How many more people were there than families?
Which race had the most people?
Which race had the least amount of people?
Which race had fewer people Asian Americans or African Americans?
How many percent more people identified as White Americans than African Americans?
How many more percentages of White than African Americans?
Which race population has more people, Asian or Pacific Islander
Which race has the least people in the city, Native Americans or Hispanic?
How many more Hispanics in the city than Native Americans?
How many percent of the population was not Asian?
How many more people are there than households?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
Which was the second largest racial group?
What was the third largest racial group?
Which racial groups had less than 1%?
How many percent were from the top three racial groups?
How many more percent did the largest racial group have compared with the second largest group?
How many more percent did the second largest racial group have compared with the third largest group?
How many percent of the population was neither White or African American?
How many percent of the population was neither Asian American or from two or more races?
How many more housing units were there than families?
How many percentage points of the city population was not White American?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White American?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or African Americans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or African Americans?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian Americans or two or more races?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White Americans?
How many in percent from the census weren't African Americans?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native Americans?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian Americans?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
How many people, households, and families are reported according to the census?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
How many more households than families are reported according to the census?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
Which group from the census is larger: White Americans or African Americans?
Which group from the census is smaller: White Americans or African Americans?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian Americans or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian Americans or two or more races?
How long was the attempted field goal that Janikowski missed?
How many rushing yards did Murray have?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals were missed?
How many points were scored in the first half?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
What was the longest field goal successfully kicked this game?
How many games were played on this Monday?
How many more yards was Michael Bush touchdown over LaDainian Tomlinson?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many total yards were gained on the three rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards difference exists between Sebastian Janikowski's longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdowns did San Diego have in the second half?
How many field goals made in the game were longer than 40 yards?
How many yards in field goals did Janikowski kick in the game
How many touchdown runs in the game were further than 3 yards long?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
Were there more field goals in the first two quarters or the last two quarters?
How many yards longer was Louis Murphy's touchdown compared to all other touchdowns combined?
How many touchdowns were under 6 yards long?
How many more yards in field goals did Sebastian Janikowski have compared to Nate Kaeding?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns over the entire game?
Which players scored the two longest touchdowns?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns?
In which month the  uprising, remnants of Viena Regiment, fled Tiirovaara took place?
when northern group of the Soviet troops had occupied Kestenga and Kokkosalmi and settlement Ukhta?
Which happened first Ritavuori closing the border or the Red Army retaking Porosozero and Reboly?
How many days after Ritavouri's assassination did the uprising last?
What was used to strike East Karelian?
Why besides the Red Army did the Forest Guerillas collapse?
How many cities mentioned did the Soviets occupy in January?
How many days after Ritavuori was assinated did the remnants of Viena Regiment flee Tiirovaara?
How many more animals than artillery pieces did the Ottomans have?
How many more animals than machine guns did the Ottomans have?
How many more artillery pieces than machine guns did the Ottomans have?
How many officers and men were assigned in non-divisional units and services for the Ottomans?
How many total soldiers and officers did the Ottoman's have?
Did the Ottomans have more machine guns or artillery?
How many officers were assigned into the 4 divsional Armies?
Where was the smaller contingent of the Ottoman army located?
How many total officers, other ranks, animals, artillery pieces and machine guns did the The Ottoman order of battle have?
How many more animals did the Ottoman order of battle have compared to officers?
How many total officers and men were assigned to non-divisional units and services?
Which were there more of, animals or machine guns?
How many more animals were there than officers?
Which places did the Serbs settle into?
How many of the Slavic allies were left by themselves?
How many armies was the Ottoman army fighting against in Macedonia?
Which were there more of in the Ottoman Army, men or garrison troops?
How many Patriots team members were unable to play?
How much of a point lead did the Patriots have over the Texans in the 3rd quarter?
What was Marcus Cannon's penalty for?
What position does Stephen Gostkowski  play?
Who recovered the second fumble for the patriots?
How many yards was the total of all field goals made?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
What all field goals did Stephen Gostkowski make?
Who caught the Chargers first half TD?
Who caught the Broncos first TD pass?
How many field goals were made in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Novak miss?
How many field goals did Nick Novak make in the game?
How many field goal attempts did  Matt Prater  successfully convert?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who scored first?
How many 53-yard field goals did Nick Novak attempt?
How many of Nick Novak's 53-yard field goals were successful?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the game-winning field goal?
How many kicks did Novak miss in the fourth quarter?
In which quarter did the Broncos first score?
Who kicked the second shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal over the fourth longest one?
How many field goals below 30 yards and above 40 yards were scored in the game?
From what distance did Nick Novak attempt two field goals?
How long were each of Nick Novak's two shortest field goals?
Who scored the only rushing touchdown for Baltimore?
How many fieldgoals measuring 40-yards or more were scored?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest touchdown?
How many unanswered points did the game start with?
How many points did the ackers get on the board with?
How many points did the Steelers have at halftime?
Which team was behind at the half?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many scores did Johnson get in the second half?
How many passes did Stafford miss?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
Which player had a fumble, Matthew Stafford or Sam Martin?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
How many times did the Lions score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was Kitna's run?
How many yards was the first field goal?
how many yards did grossman pass?
how many yards did did Berrian pass?
how many yards did kitna get?
how many yards did gilmore get in the fourth?
how many yards was the bears td to te?
Which team was winning at halftime?
How many touchdowns did the Bears score before halftime?
How many teams in the league score higher than the Cardinals?
How many tickets were sold after the first 5 days?
Which movie did Soehardjanto make first, Juli di Bulan Juni or Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2?
How many minimum tickets did Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2 sell total?
Which film was released earlier, Juli di Bulan Juni or Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2?
Who is Aisha's husband in Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2?
How many years after Juli di Bulan Juni won awards at the 2005 Indonesian Film Festival was Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2 released?
At the time this article was written, how many movies were ahead of Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2 on the Indonesian best-selling films of 2017 list?
How many years before 2017 had Guntur won nine awards?
Which movie came out first, Juli di Bulan Juni or Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2?
When were the most tickets sold during the movie Ayat-Ayat Cinta 2, five days or third weekend?
In the movie Ayat Ayat Cint 2 who is hit with Islamophobia?
Which team added to their lead with a 43-yard field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the bears score in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Matthew Stafford throw?
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
How many points did Detroit score before halftime?
How many total combined points were scored by the half?
How many pick 6's were there?
How many points did the Lions score in the second half?
How many points did the Bears score in this game?
Which player scored the first points of the first half?
How many points had the Bears scored at the start of the second quarter?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
Which player had the shortest field goals of the first half?
Who had the shortest return after an interception this game?
Which player was picked for a pick six?
Which players kicked more than one field goals?
From what distance did both teams make a field goal?
How many field goals were kicked from longer than 30 but shorter than 50 yards?
What distance was the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Hanson kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Hanson kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in total?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fifth longest field goal?
How many soldiers defeated Tourney?
When did the battle of Fontenoy  end?
How many more men did Louis XV and the Marshal of France Maurice de Saxe have versus the garrison at Tournay?
How many days passed between the beginning of the Battle of Fontenoy and Tournay's surrender to the French?
What happened first, the Battle of Fontenoy or the Flanders campaign?
What happened first, Frederick took the field, or the siege of Tournay?
How many more men did Louis XV have than the Dutch garrison?
How many months between the Battle of Fontenoy started and ended?
How many men larger was the army of France Maurice de Saxe than the Dutch Garrison defending Tournay?
Which happened first, the Battle of Fontenoy or the fortress of Tournay's surrender?
Who conquered Tournay?
How many months after Louix XV besieged Tournay was the battle of Fontenoy fought?
How many months after the Battle of Fontenoy did the fortress of Tournay surrender to the French?
How many more men did Marshal of France Maurice de Saxe command compared to Dutch garrison of soldiers?
How many months passed between Maurice de Saxe's siege on Tournay did the fortress surrender?
How many more men did de Saxe have compared to the Dutch garrison defending Tournay?
How many more men were part of the army of Louis VX than of Tournays?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What was the longest scoring play of the game?
Who scored the winning points in overtime?
How many points did the Cardinals lose by?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more points, the Cardinals or the Vikings?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass in the 2nd quarter?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Ryan Longwell make?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal than his shortest?
Who completed the longest pass?
Who had the best passer rating?
Which team scored the most points?
Who was sacked 6 times?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Who scored the longest field goal in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Bears score inthe thirs quarter?
How many safetys did San Francisco score inthe fourth quarter?
At the end of the game, how many games had Chicago lost?
How many losses in a row did the Bears have at Candlestick Park ?
Which QB threw the least interceptions?
What passer rating did Kaepernick get?
Which team allowed the fewest points?
How many losses did the Bears have coming in to this game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Colin Kaepernick make?
What two 49ers had receiving touchdowns?
What two players had receiving touchdowns in the second half?
How many more yards was Steve Smith touchdown pass compared to Terrell Owens?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the game?
What was the longest touchdown play?
What was the shortest field goal made?
Which two players both kicked two field goals?
How many more yards was Kasay's shortest field goal over Folk's shortest one?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players caught touchdown passes of at least 10 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
What distance were each of Nick Folk's field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many yards difference exists between Nick Folk's longest and shortest field goal? ?
Which player kicked both the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many yards longer was the field goal in the first half compared to the shortest field goal of the second half?
How many years elapsed between the Easter Rising and the start of the War of Independence?
When did Thomas Ashe die?
Roughly how many civilians were arrested in confrontations with the police and British army?
How many RIC men were shot in the neck?
How many years were there between the Easter Rising of 1916 and the beginning of the War of Independence in 1919?
Why was Thomas Ashe imprisoned?
Which event happened first, Armistice Day or the War of Independence in 1919?
How many years did these events span for?
How many years was it from Easter Rising to the War of Independence?
How many civilians died in confrontations on the frontiness?
How many more people were arrested than died?
What happened first, the raids for arms by the Volunteers or  Volunteers ambushed two RIC men?
How many years between the Easter Rising and the War of Independence?
What happened first: the Easter Rising or the War of Independence?
What happened second: the Easter Rising or the War of Independence?
What happened first: Thomas Ashe dying of hunger strike or volunteers ambushed two RIC men?
What happened second: Thomas Ashe dying of hunger strike or volunteers ambushed two RIC men?
How many civilians died and were arrested in the confrontations with the police and British Army, in total?
How many months after four rifles were seized from the Eyeries barracks were the two RIC men who had been stationed to stop a feis being held on the road between Ballingeary and Ballyvourney?
How many years were between the Easter Rising and the beginning of the War of Independence?
Which happened first, the Easter Rising or the War of Independence?
How many years after Thomas Ashe was arrested did he die?
How many months after four rifles were seized from the Eyeries barracks were men from the barracks beaten?
How many yards was the shortest pass?
how many players and coaches were on the field for 2002 sb?
how many yards did martin rush?
how many yards did jackson catch?
how many yards did the eagles rush?
Who had the most receiving touchdowns?
From what yard line did Josh Freeman score touchdowns from?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick?
How many field goals did Crosby kick?
How many passes did Donald Lee catch?
How many touchdowns did Ryan Grant score?
How many touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers throw?
Which team beat the Ravens in week 6?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team was losing at the half?
How many points did the Colts score in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many total yards did Dominic Rhodes have on touchdown runs?
Which players caught interceptions?
Which players returned interceptions for touchdowns?
In which quarters were field goals made?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 20 yards?
Which player had the second longest touchdown play?
How many yards longer was Rouse's interception returned for a touchdown compared with Collins?
Which player scored the two shortest touchdowns?
What was the lowest population in Roskilde?
What country is Roskilde the tenth largest city of?
How many years passed from Adam von Bremen referring to Roskilde as "Zealands largest town" to the Reformation, when Roskilde had 6000 inhabitants?
Was the population of Roskilde higher in 1536 or in 1753?
How many fewer people did Roskilde have in 1753 than in 1536?
By how many did the population of Roskilde grow between 1753 and the 1860s?
By how many did the population of Roskilde grow between 1753 and the 1900s?
How many did the population of Roskilde increase between the 1860s and the 1900s?
How many more residents did Roskilde have in 1970 than it did in the 1900s?
Did Roskilde have moreresidents in the 1970s or the 1980s?
How many more residents did Roskilde have in 2014 than in 1970?
How many cities in Denmark were larger than Roskildein 2014?
How many years had passed with the reformation of Rokskilde from war, fire and disease between 1536-1753?
How many less inhabitants by 1753 in Roskilde than in 1536?
Which year had Roskilde increased in population, 1860s or 1900s?
How many more inhabitants did Roskilde have in the 1860 than 1900s?
How many more inhabitants in the 1980 than by the 2014?
Which year had the least amount of inhabitants, 1536 or 1753?
How many more days had the population grown in the 1900s than in 1860?
How many more days did the population grow until 1970 than the 1860?
How many more days did the population dip from 1970 to 1980?
How many more days did Roskilde population grow from the 1980 to 2014?
Which year in Roskilde had the largest total of inhabitants, 1970 or 2014?
Which year in Roskilde had the least number of inhabitants,1753 or 1536?
How many inhabitants did Rockilde have in 1753 after dropping from fire, war and disease?
The first translated document into a Baltic language was published when?
In what time frame did Prussia's population assimilate?
Which language was first attested, the Baltic language or Lithuanian?
How many years after Latvian appeared in a hymnal was it printed in a Catechism?
How many centuries after the establishment of a German state in Prussia the flight of much of the Baltic Prussian population
How many years after the first attestation of a Baltic language, was Lithuanian first attested?
How many years after Lithuanian was first attested in a hymnal translation was the first print book in Lithuanian published?
Which did the Latvian appear in second, a hymnal or in a printed Catechism?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did Arian foster have in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first  half?
Which team scored the last field goal of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many more points did the winning team win by?
Which player scored to make the total score 26 points?
Which kicker made multiple field goals in the second quarter?
Which team was eliminated by the Ravens from last years playoffs?
Who did Texans play the week before?
Which team gave up two turnovers in this game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
WHAT DID THE YUNNAN OFFICIALS BELIEVE IT WOULD TAKE TO CONQUER BARBARIANS
how many shan state sawbwas and militias that did not run away into yunnan ?
HOW MANY YEARS DID IT TAKE THE KONBAUNG TO RESTORE HANTHAWADDY, AND REUNITE MUCH OF THE KINGDOM  ?
THE FOUNDER OF THE DYNASTY SENT AN EXPEDITION TO REESTABLISH  ANNEXED SHAN STATES FROM WHO ?
WHO FOUNDED KONBAUNG AND RESTORED HANTHAWADDY
How many years after Konbaung dynasty rose was much of the kingom reunited?
How many years did  King Alaungpaya send an expedition to the farther Shan States?
How many years had passed from when the Yunnan government reported the news to the Emperor until a Burmese army was increasing its grip of the borderlands?
Which occurred first, the Qing court issued an imperial edict ordering reconquest or a Burmese army was increasing its grip of the borderlands?
How many years after a new dynasty called Konbaung rose to challenge Restored Hanthawaddy was much of the kingdom reunited?
How many years after the Yunnan officials reported the news to the emperor did a Burmese Army increase its grip on the borderlands?
How many years did it take for the Konbaung to reunite much of the kingdom?
How many of the ten farther Shan state sawbwas did not run away to Yunnan?
How many field goals did Graham make?
What happened last, the death of Sir Hector Munro or Robert succeeding as  head of the house?
How many years was the County of Ross separated from the County of Iverness?
What happened first, Scottish Parliament separated from Sherriffdom or passing of Act for the Committees of War
What happened first: Act of Committees of War or the separation of Scottish Parliament?
What happened second: Act of Committees of War or the separation of Scottish Parliament?
What happened first: commission being granted to Sir Robert or death of his cousin?
What happened second: commission being granted to Sir Robert or death of his cousin?
How many years passed between the passing of the Act for the Committees of War and Robert succeeding to the head of his house?
What year was Sir Hector Munro born if he died at 17 years old in 1651?
How many months after the minority of the former chief occured the name of "Sir Robert Munro, tutour of Foulles" did it occur again in the commission found in the name of "Sir Robert Monro, Tutor of Foullis"
How many years after Sir Robert Munro had been elected Member of Parliament for Inverness-shire did he succeed to the head of his house upon the death of his cousin Sir Hector Munro?
What year was Sir Robert's cousin Sir Hector Munro, 2nd Baronet of Foulis born?
What year was Sir Hector Munro born in?
How many years after Sir Robert Munro was elected Member of Parliament for Inverness-shire did he succeede to the head of his house?
What year was Sir Hector Munro, 2nd Baronet of Foulis born?
How many years apart did the name "Sir Robert Munro, tutour of Foulles" occur in a commission?
How many days apart did the name "Sir Robert Munro, tutour of Foulles" occur in a commission?
How many years after the second occurance of the name "Sir Robert Munro, tutour of Foulles" in a commission was he elected a Member of Parliment for Iverness-shire??
What places was Robert Monro elected a Member of Parliment?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many losses did the Raiders come into this game with??
How many field goals were scored in the third quarter?
What was Janikowski 's shortest field goal?
How many field goals did the Chiefs score all game?
What are the two shortest touchdown runs made?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 36-yard yards?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown run?
Which players made at least one field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many field goals between 20 and 40 yards were scored?
Which field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Lawrence Tynes?
How many touchdowns did Larry Johnson score?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
Who made the only score in the fourth quarter?
Which field goals were scored by Sebastian Janikowski?
What was the shortest TD run?
What were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many people in the army defending Constantinople was there?
How many were foreigners in the army defending Constantinople?
How many more men of the army defending Constantinople were from there, rather than foreigners?
How many groups made up the Genoese corps?
Which force was larger, the Genoese corps or the Ottomans?
Which comprised a larger amount of the Otooman force - soldiers or Janissaries?
How many small numbers groups of the army were there?
Who had the largest group of fighters?
Which force was smaller, the Turkish or the Ottomans?
How many men in the army defending Constantinople were not foreigners?
How many of the army defending Constantinople were not foreigners?
How many more is the maximum estimate of the number of Janissaries than Serbian cavalry?
How many is the difference between the highest modern estimate of the number of soldiers the Ottomans had vs maximum Ottoman archival estimates?
How many field goals did  Stephen Gostkowski make from less than 40 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest field goal?
how many more wins than losses did the Pacers finish the season at?
how many yards was tom bradys reception?
How many points did the patriots win by?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patritos win by?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many receptions were for 40 yards or more in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many field goals were 40 yards or more in the first half?
How many receptions did Gronkwoski have?
How many points did the Patriots score in the second half?
Who made the most field goals in the first half?
How many points behind were the Texans at the end of the first quarter?
How many field goals did Stephen Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
Which team was leading at the end of the first half?
Which team had the lead after the first quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Saints have in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees have in the game?
Which player threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Favre complete?
How many total yards of TD passes did Brees complete?
Which player caught the fifth longest TD pass?
How many days after President Bush signed the Homeland Security Act did DHS officially begin operations?
How many days did it take from when DHS officially began operations until most of the department's component agencies were transferred into the new Department?
How many months after the passage of the Homeland Security Act was passed did the DHS become active?
How many days did it take for the Department's component agencies to be transferred to them after the Homeland Security Act of 2002 was passed?
How many days did it take for a Secretary of the DHS to be named after the Homeland Security Act of 2002 was signed?
What bill was controversial due to whether the FBI and CIA should be incorporated into it?
How many months after President Bush signed the Homeland Security Act of 2002 was Tom Ridge named secretary?
How many days after DHS officially began operations were most of the department's component agencies transferred to the new Department?
How many months after Bush signed the bill into law did Tom Ridge become secretary?
What bill stripped 180,000 government employees of their union rights?
What was the largest U.S. government reorganization in the 50 years since the United States Department of Defense was created?
What was Tom Ridge named secretary of?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made by both teams in the game?
Who won the game between the Redskins and the Rams?
Which team made the first score of the game?
Which quarter was the 17-7 score in?
How many points did the Washington Redskins lose by?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Steelers score?
How many field goals did Suisham kick?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many touchdowns from interceptions were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team had the early lead, Bills or Browns?
How many points did the Browns score in total?
How many points were the Bills trailing at the end?
What was the score at the end of the third quarter?
Which place kicker had more field goals?
How many yards shorter was Billy Cundiff's longest field goal compared to Dan Carpenter's?
How many 1 yard touchdowns were scored?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many more yards of field goals were scored in the first half compared to yards of touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards were the two longest touchdowns combined?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 40 yards?
Were more touchdowns scored longer than 40 yards or between 1 and 39 yards?
Which kickers kicked field goals longer than 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Dan Carpenter's longest field goal compared to Billy Cundiff's longest field goal?
In what quarter did Billy Cundiff kick the most field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Browns winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns win the game by?
Which player had at least two touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Dan Carpenters field goal than Billly Cundiffs shortest field goal?
Which kicker kicked the least amount of field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Billy Cundiff have in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many points were the Browns leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop score?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the touchdown pass to Josh Cribbs?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Succop make in the last half?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop make?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop make from less than 30 yards?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many games did the Tigers win in August?
How many games did the Tigers lose in August?
How many games did Doug Fister win in the last two months of the season?
How many games did Doug Fister lose in the last two months of the season?
In September, how many games did the Tigers win in a row?
How many years had passed from the Tigers previous winning streak to the streak in 2011?
How many runs did the Tigers beat the Athletics by on September 16?
How many years had it been since the Tigers had won a first division title?
How many years did it take for the Tigers to break there record for the longest winning streak?
Which team lost the AL Central Division title in 2011, the Tigers or the Athletics?
How many years after the Tigers joined the Division did they win their first AL Central title?
How many more points did the Bengals score?
Who received two touchdown passes?
How many points did The Bengals win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points of differential did the winning team have relative to the losing team?
How many points were scored against the Browns in their two largest margin's of defeat in recent history?
How many more relief protests were there in 1932 than in 1931?
Who led more marches, unions or the Communist Party?
How many months into 1929 did the Great Depression start because of the stock market crash?
How many more protests were there in 1932 in Chicago than in 1931?
How many more relief protests erupted in Chicago between the number recorded in 1931 and the number in 1932?
Besides the city of Washington, hundreds of thousands of unemployed workers marched through which other three major cities in mass protest in March 1930?
How many protests were there in Chicago in 1932?
Which team led the entire game?
Which team was the home team?
Who is the Texan's kicker?
Which team scored last?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Texans win by?
Who scored the second touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Jets trail by at halftime?
How many total points were score by then end of the game?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Texans leading by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Texans win the game by?
Where was the 24th before they resided in Gifu?
What did the 24th become a part of in early 1947?
How many task forced was the 24th infantry divided into?
Which Country compelled the North Koreans to withdraw from the Pusan Perimeter?
How many years past from the end of WWII to when North Korea invaded South Korea?
What war started first: World War II or Korean War?
What game had the Eagles just won?
How many field goals did Akers make?
Who made the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many more touchdowns did the Redskins score than the eagles?
Which kicker had the longest field goal of the game?
How many more field goals did Akers make than Gano?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Saints score in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did Pierre Thomas have in the game?
How many yards did the saints lead in?
How many yards did Ryan pass to White?
How many games had Atlanta won in a row before losing this one?
How many yards was the shortest TD run?
How many touchdowns did the Falcons score?
How many touchdowns did the Saints score?
Who booted the longest field goal?
How long was the longest interception return?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
how many yards did the saints lead in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Ryan's TD pass than Pierre Thomas' TD run?
How many times was Russell's passes intercepted?
How many times in the last eight games did the 49ers get at least 20 points?
Who scored the Patriots touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Anthony Gonzalez have?
Which player caught a touchdown in the first and third quarter?
How long was the winning field goal?
Which kicked kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
How many touchdown receptions did Anthony Gonzalez have?
How many yards longer was Anthony Gonzalez's first touchdown reception over his second touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was Gostkowski's second field goal over his first one?
How many field goals did the Patriots get in the first half?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many more field goals did the Patriots kick than the Colts?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Was Gonzalez's touchdown catch longer in the first quarter or the third?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Stephen Gostkowski or Adam Vinatieri ?
How many more field goals did Stephen Gostkowski make over Adam Vinatieri ?
Which field goals did Stephen Gostkowski make?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
How many field goals longer than 45 yards did Adam Vinatieri  kick?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which players made at least three field goals?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
How many total TD pass yards did Manning make?
How many total field goal yards did Vinatieri kick?
How many more points did the winning team have compared to the loosing team at the end of the game?
How many touchdown pass's did Philip Rivers throw?
How many points was the score difference between the two teams at half time?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were there at halftime?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the game?
How many TD catches did Andre holmes have?
How many touchdown passes did the two quarterbacks combine for?
How many touchdown passes were over 50 yards?
How many touchdown passes were from between 10 and 50 yards?
How many touchdown passes were from under 10 yards?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many yards did Andre Holmes have on touchdown receptions?
How many touchdowns did Warner throw?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals total were kicked?
How many field goals of 30 yards were kicked?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns total were scored in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards difference was Neil Rackers’s last field goal compared to Joe Nedney’s first field goal?
How many yards difference was Frank Gore’s touchdown run compared to Tim Hightower’s touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Kurt Warner’s touchdown pass compared to Tim Hightower’s touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Neil Rackers’s last field goal compared to his  last field goal?
How many yards longer was Neil Racker's second field goal over his first one?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many 30-yard field goals were there?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney kick in the second quarter?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Joe Nedney kick?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Rackers kick?
Which players kicked field goals over 30 yards?
What were the two longest field goals of the game?
How long were the TD runs of the game?
How many more yards was the first touchdown than the second?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
How many more yards was Rackers' second field goal than his first?
How many field goals between 30 and 39 yards were made?
Which players kicked field goals of exactly 30 yards?
Which racial group made up over 3% but no more than 4%?
Which racial groups made up less than 1% of the population?
Which ancestry group made up more than 20% of the population?
Which group made up more of the population, the Irish people or the English people?
Which racial group had more population in the 2010 census, Asian or American Indian?
How many percent of people in the 2010 census did not identify as white?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't German?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't English?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't Americans?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't white?
How many in percent from the 2010 Census weren't black?
Which group in the county from the 2010 Census is larger: people or households?
Which group in the county from the 2010 Census is smaller: people or households?
Which group in the county from the 2010 Census is larger: people or families?
Which group in the county from the 2010 Census is smaller: people or families?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't white?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't black?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't Asian?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census weren't German?
Which group in the county from the 2010 United States Census is smaller: people or households?
Which group in the county from the 2010 United States Census is larger: people or families?
Which group of people in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census is larger: Irish or English?
Which group of people in percent in the county from the 2010 United States Census is smaller: Irish or English?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
As of the 2010, how many people were in the average-sized family in the county?
What percentage of the county population identifies as biracial?
What were the two biggest racial groups?
What were the two smallest ancestries?
What were the two most common ancestries?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were White compared to black or African American and American Indian combined?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were not White, black or African American, or Asian?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, belonged to the most common ancestry compared to the least common?
How many more percentage of the racial makeup is white than African American?
How many more of the population have ancestry that are Germans than Irish people?
How many more households than families residing in the county?
What are all the ancestry that makeup the the county?
What were all the racial makeup of the county?
What has the highest percentage for racial makeup, American Indians or Asian?
How many more English ancestry than Americans in the county?
How many combined percentage for German, Irish, English and American ancestry?
How many more Asian than American Indians in the county?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or American Indian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or from "other races"?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or from two or more races?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either American Indian, African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either from two or more races, African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either from "other races", African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either of German, Irish, or English ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either of German, Irish, or American ancestry?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were of German ancestry compared to those of either Irish or English ancestry?
Which racial groups made up less than 0.5% of the population?
Which racial groups made up more than 2% of the population?
Which team took the lead first?
How many touchdowns did Tony Gonzalez have?
How many total points were scored?
Who was ahead in the beginning of the game?
Who won the game, Chiefs or Rams?
How many touchdowns did Gonzalez have in the first half?
How many points were the Rams trailing by at the half?
How many Chiefs players were injured during the game?
How many points did the Chiefs win the game by?
Who scored more points, Chiefs or Rams?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chiefs win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Chiefs winning by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many TD passes did Matt Schaub complete?
How many touchdown passes did each quarterback have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Andre Johnson and Steve Smith catch in the first half?
Which Texan caught the first two touchdowns?
Which team scored two touchdowns in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers make before halftime?
Who threw the longest TD pass in the first half?
Who threw the longest TD pass in the first quarter?
What 93 model Porsche has a a large 8 valve SOHC cylinder head?
Where could you buy a 968 Turbo S?
How many Porsche model 968 Turbo S were made?
What does the "S" usually indicate on Porsche Motorsports models?
What features on the 968 Turbo S were the same on the Club Sport?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
who has more  gold reserves , russia or japan ?
who much loan did france give to russia ?
how much of japan's total war expenditure was raised overseas?
What country did Russia borrow the most money from?
How many countries did Germany loan money to for war efforts?
Which two countries did Russia secure loans from?
Which two war efforts did Germany finance?
How many million yen of Japan's total war expenditure was not raised overseas?
How many loans were at least 600 million francs but never given to Russia?
What regions did the Germans finance wars for?
Which country lent Russia more money, France or Germany?
How many countries lent Japan money covering a major portion of the total cost of the war?
Which countries each gave loans over 100,000,000 dollars?
Which country had  higher gold reserves, Russia or Japan?
Who spend the most of the Allies on the war?
How many billions more did the UK spend compared to the US on the war?
Who spent more on the war, Germany or the UK?
How many billions in total did the UK and US spend on the war?
How many billions more did Germany spend on the war compared to the US?
How many more billions of dollars did the Allies spend than the Central Powers?
Who spent more among the allies, UK or US?
Which happened earlier, the signing of an armistice with Germany or the ceasefire coming into effect?
Armies from how many different countries occupied Rhineland after the Armistice?
Did the Allies or the Central Powers spend more on the war according to one estimate?
According to one estimate, did the UK or the US spend more on the war?
According to one estimate did the UK or Germany spend more on the war?
How many more billion dollars is it estimated that the Allies spent on the war compared to the Central Powers?
How many billion dollars did the UK and the US spend combined according to one estimate?
According to one estimate, how many billion dollars did all members of the Allies except for the US and UK spend on the war combined?
According to one estimate, how many billion dollars did all members of the Central Powers except for Germany spend on the war combined?
How many more billions of dollars did the Allies spend than the Central Powers?
What happened first: signing of armistice with Germany or occupation of the Rhineland by allied forces?
What happened second: signing of armistice with Germany or occupation of the Rhineland by allied forces?
How many different occupying armies were there?
How many more in billions did the UK spend than the US?
How many more in billions did the UK spend than Germany?
How many more in billions did Germany spend than the US?
What happened first: Narai named his daughter or Siamese revolution?
What happened second: Narai named his daughter or Siamese revolution?
What happened first: June Phaulkon was executed or King Narai was arrested?
What happened second: June Phaulkon was executed or King Narai was arrested?
Who was king first: King Naria or Phra Phetracha?
Who was king second: King Naria or Phra Phetracha?
How many places were the Six French officers were captured?
What happened first, the Siamese revolution or Kosa Pan became the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade?
How did they return to Pondicherry?
How many fortresses were attacked?
Who was born first: King Narai or Yothathep?
What happened first: King Narai was arrested or Phaulkon was executed?
What happened second: King Narai was arrested or Phaulkon was executed?
Who scored more points the Giants or the 49ers?
How many yards long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many touchdowns were in the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were there in the first half?
How many field goals were there in the first half?
Which kicker had the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Jacobs have in the first half?
Which kicker kicked for the most yards?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Jacobs have in the first half?
Which player had the longest field goal kick of the first half?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's field goal than Robbie Gould's?
How many yards was the games longest field goal?
Who scored the first TD of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which team scored in overtime?
How many field goals over 50 yards were kicked in the game?
How many years were there between the highest number of prisoners and the lowest?
How many more prisoners in the Russian Empire existed in 1893 than in January 1905?
What three things did the Poles, Finns, and the Baltic provinces seek after the Russification undertaken since Alexander II?
How many fewer prisoners were there in 1905 than there were in 1893?
How many years after its record high did the number of prisoners reach its record low?
Which year saw more prisoners in the Russian Empire, 1893, or 1905?
How many provinces sought autonomy and freedom to use their national languages and promote their own culture?
How many nations sought autonomy during the Russification?
How many years did the 1905-06 social unrest span?
How many more prisoners were there at the peak versus the record low in 1905?
How many provinces sought autonomy?
How many more prisoners throughout the Russian Empire were there in 1893 than 1905?
How many provinces sought to promote their own culture?
How many fewer Jews were killed than the number of prisoners decrease from 1905 over 1893?
How many more prisoners were throughout the Russian Empire in 1893 than in 1905?
What happend between 1911 and 1912?
What happend on October 10?
How many years did Somalis from Mogadishu served as combat units?
What happened first: first disembarkation of Italian troops or their encircling by Arab cavalry?
What happened second: first disembarkation of Italian troops or their encircling by Arab cavalry?
How many men did the corps have to face?
Aerial bombing by who?
who served as combat units with Eritrean and Italian soldiers?
How many years did over 1000 Somalis from Mogadishu serve as combat units in the Italo-Turkish War?
How many days after the first disembarkation of Italian troops did the first true setback occur for them?
How many total Turks and Arabs did the corps have to face?
How many years did 1,000 Somalis from Mogadishu serve as combat units in the Italo-Turkish War?
What happened first: first disembarkation of Italian troops or Gavotti dropped four grenades?
What happened second: first disembarkation of Italian troops or Gavotti dropped four grenades?
Who had the smallest group during the Italo-Turkish War, corps, Arabs or Turks?
How many years did the Somalis from Mogadishu served as combat units?
Who had the largest force in Italo-Turkish War, Italian contingent or the corps?
In the Italo-Turkish War who was the difficult to conquer for the Italians, Tobruk, Derna, Khoms or Benghazi?
How many men had to face each other in the Italo-Turkish War with 100,000 men, 20,000 Arabs and 8,000 Turks?
How many troops total did the corps face?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
how many yards did bridgewater pass?
How many is the difference between the number of volunteers and the number of groups the volunteers were divided into?
How many is the difference between the number of groups the volunteers were divided into and the number of volunteers in the second round?
How many is the difference in the number of volunteers between the first round and the second round?
How many is the difference in the number of volunteers in the first round and the number of Finns of the Red Officer School?
How many is the difference in the number of volunteers in the second round and the number of Finns of the Red Officer School?
How many is the difference between the number of groups the volunteers of the first round were divided into and the number fo Finns of the Red Officer School?
How many days passed between crossing the border and attacking Petrozavodsk?
What happened first, the expedition crossing the border, or a round of new recruiting?
Who had low morale?
How many goals did the expedition have?
How many months passed between the first and second expedition?
How many volunteers total did the expedition recruit?
Why were there no volunteers
Who did the south retreat
What happened first: expedition crossed the border or Talvela's regiment started an attack?
what and when the region originally demanded from Czechoslovakia by Nazi Germany?
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many points were the Eagles trailing by at the half?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Lions ahead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did Lions win the game by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Caleb Sturgis kick?
How many yards was Caleb Sturgis's longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the game?
How many  yards longer was Caleb Sturgis's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total points did the Philadelphia Eagles trail by in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Theo Riddick score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Who scored more field goals, Caleb Sturgis or Matt Prater?
How many points did the Lions lead with by halftime?
How many field goals longer than 30-yards did Caleb Sturgis kick?
What all field goals did Caleb Sturgis make?
How many yards difference was Caleb Sturgis’s first field goal compared to his last?
How many touchdown passes did Carson Wentz make for the same yardage?
How many touchdowns did Theo Riddick score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles score in the first quarter?
How many points were the Eagles behind after the end of the first quarter?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many touchdown passes did Lions QB Matthew Stafford throw in the first half?
Which Eagles receiver caught a touchdown in the 3rd quarter?
How many field goals did Caleb Sturgis make?
What were the distances, in yards, of the Caleb Sturgis field goals?
How many total points were scored in this game?
How many other teams started 12-0 before the Panthers achieved that same feat?
How many losses did the Panthers have after beating the Saints?
How many games have the Bears won?
Which team got on the board first?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards difference was Robbie Gould’s first field goal compared to David Akers’s first field goal?
How many more yards was David Akers second field goal compared to his first?
How many combined yards did Robbie Gould kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was Matt Fort’s touchdown run compared to Reggie Bush's touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Matt Stafford’s first touchdown pass compared to Micheal Spurlock's punt return?
How many field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Cutler in the fourth quarter?
Who scored more points in the first quarter?
How many points did the Ravens score in the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Of the 8 touchdowns how many were due to running the ball?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which yard line did the Bills score two touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Joe Flacco throw?
How many touchdowns of over 20 yards did the Ravens score?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
In what quarter did the Ravens not score?
How long was Billy Cundiff's longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
From what distance were there two touchdown passes?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Bills lost coming into this game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the third quarter?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
Which was the only quarter that both teams scored a field goal?
Which was the only quarter when both teams scored a touchdown
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdowns that were 33 yards long?
How many total touchdown yards did Fitzpatrick have?
How many touchdown yards did Evans have?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdown yards?
How many total yards did Cundiff have?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Billy Cundiff make?
How many total yards of field goals did Rian Lindell make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Billy Cundiff make than Rian Lindell?
How many yards longer was Billy Cundiff's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than Billy Cundiff's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Ryan Fitzpatrick make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Joe Flacco make?
How many more total yards of touchdown passes did Ryan Fitzpatrick make than Joe Flacco?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Detroit win by?
How many points did Gonzalez score in the first quarter?
How many FGs did Gonzalez kick in the first half?
How many games have the Browns won this season?
How many points did the Browns have at final?
How many losses did the Browns have before this game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How long was the longest touchdown run?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who ran the shortest touchdown run?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Bullock's longest field goal over Gonzalez's longest field goal?
How many field goals over 35 yards were scored?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yard were scored?
How many more field goals did Gonzalez boot than Bullock?
Which player had the second highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Bullock's average yards of field goal than Gonzalez's average yards of field goals?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Bullock's total yards of field goals than Gonzalez's one?
Which player kicked at least one field goal over 40 yards?
Which player kicked most number of field goals in the first half?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
Which player scored the most first quarter points?
Which player kicked the least second quarter field goals?
How many yards was the second longest second quarter field goal?
How many points did the Browns need to tie at the half?
How many yards was Gonzalez's second field goal of the game?
How many losses did the Browns start the game with?
How many more time have the Bengals beat the Browns all time?
How many more times have the Browns beat the Bengals all time?
Which team had the shortest TD reception?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
In total how many years did both wars last?
How many different names do they have for the conflict with Poles?
How many different wars were there?
what were the names of the two wars?
What are the 2 wars most commonly known as?
How many wars is Polish-Muscovite War thought to be divided into?
How many years all together did the Polish-Muscovite War last?
What are these wars known as in Russian historiography?
What years did the second Dymitriad emcompasses?
What years did the First Dymitriad happened?
What terms did Historians use for the conflict?
How many years did the Chodkiewicz Campaign last?
How many years long was the longest war?
Who were the Poles in conflict with?
Which happened first, the First and Second Dimitriad or the Polish-Muscovite war?
How many names is the Russo-Polish War known by?
How many names is the conflict with Poles known by?
How many years is the the First Dymitriad said to have lasted?
Whose date of birth is unknown?
Whose mother's name is unknown?
What is the earliest the Cnut may have been born?
Besides Thorkell who else taught Cnut his soldiery?
How many years difference is there between the earliest and latest speculated birthdates of Cnut?
What besides his birthday is unknown about Cnut?
What was Cnut's mother's name?
How many contemporary works are mentioned that fail to mention Cnut's birth date?
On which island did Cnut learn soldiery according to the Flateyjarbók?
What two things are unknown about Cnut?
What is unknown about Cnut?
What are three mentioned possibilities of Cnut's birthdate?
How many contemporary works are mentioned that fail to mentioned Cnut's birth?
Which sources are mentioned?
What was the minimum year for the Peasant revolt in Flanders?
What was the maximum year for the Peasant revolt in Flanders?
Was the Flanders revolt popular?
Who was defeated by the French royal army?
How many years after the Peasant revolt in Flanders began was the Peace of Arques sealed?
What happened first, the attempt to capture Gent and Oudenaarde or the Peasant revolt in Flanders?
What year was the Peace of Arques sealed?
What happened first: Louis was released or Peace of Arques was sealed?
What happened second: Louis was released or Peace of Arques was sealed?
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, a series of scattered rural riots, or a full-scale rebellion dominating public affairs in Flanders?
What event happened first, Louis being released from capitivity, or the insurrection that had urban leaders and rural factions which took over most of Flanders?
What event happened later, The Peace of Arques being sealed, or the series of scattered riots?
What year did the Peasant revolt in Flanders end?
How many years did it take urban leaders and rural factions to take over most of Flanders?
How many years did it take from the beginning of the revolt to the release of Louis from captivity?
How many years did it take the Dutch to capture Elmina?
Which happened first, the Dutch capture of Elmina or São Tomé?
What two major events did the Dutch do in 1641?
How many allies did the ditch have?
What happened first: Elmina fell to the Dutch or the Dutch captured the island of São Tomé?
What happened second: Elmina fell to the Dutch or the Dutch captured the island of São Tomé?
Who almost wiped out Elmina?
Who was in the 3-way alliance?
How many allies did the Dutch have in Africa?
How many years after their first attempt did the Dutch take Elmina?
What tribe was allied with Portugal?
How many points did the Chargers score during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the last points?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for on touchdown passes?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Nate Kaeding or Stephen Gostkowski?
Which field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's second field goal compared to his first?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 50 yards?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many more field goals did Nate Kaeding make compared to Stephen Gostkowski?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
How many touchdown passes between 3 and 50 yards were made?
Which player threw the second shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest touchdown passes?
Which player scored more field goals, Nate Kaeding or Stephen Gostkowski?
Which field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many more field goals did Nate Kaeding make over Stephen Gostkowski?
How many field goals between 15 and 60 yards were made?
How many total field goal yards did Nate Kaeding make?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players had field goals longer than 25 yards?
Which player had the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick in total?
How many field goals yards did Nate Kaeding kick in total?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
How many total TD pass yards did Rivers throw?
How many total interceptions did Landon Collis and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie combine for?
How many wins did this game make for the Giants?
How many wins did the Giants have coming into this game?
Which team scored first?
Which team fumbled the ball on the very first position of the game?
Which player had two interceptions in the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked during the game?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the longest touchdown run?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Who ran the shortest touchdown run?
Who scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdowns did Philip Rivers throw?
How many points did the Vikings score in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Vikings score during the third quarter?
How many field goals did Nedney get?
How many yards was the last field goal?
How many field goals did Nedney make?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's longest field goal than his shortest?
Which player was responsible for winning the game for the 49ers?
Which kicker kicked more field goals in the first half?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell score in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Joe Nedney or Ryan Longwell?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Longwell kick?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which players scored field goals by halftime?
How many points was the former midway through the fourth quarter?
How many points was the latter midway through the fourth quarter?
How many points was the former for the final score?
How many points was the latter for the final score?
Who did the Broncos play before this game?
Who scored the first touchdown in the game?
How many years did Rick Upchurch play with the Broncos?
Who had the ball at the beginning of the third quarter?
Which team won in week 1 Broncos vs Colts?
Which team had the most Touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many Touchdowns did Denver score in the first half?
Who scored a defensive touchdown?
From what distance did Manning throw two touchdown passes?
How long were each of Peyton Manning's touchdown passes?
How many yards did Peyton Manning throw for on touchdown passes?
How many years was the German Revolution
How many months after Bolshevik revolutionaries organised rioting to call the end to the war did Russian soldiers in France begin questioning why they were fighting the French
How many people were killed and arrested when the army gained control?
How many months before the Bolshevik revolutionaries organised and engaged in rioting until the Russians began to question why they were fighting for the French?
How many people were either killed or arrested?
How many years did the German Revolution last?
Which revolt happened first, the Bolshevik or the German Navy?
How many revolutions were there in 1917 and after?
Which event happened first, the October revolution or the German Revolution?
How many people were killed or arrested until 23 May 1917?
Which occurred first, the October Revolution or the German Revolution?
How many years did the German Revolution last?
How many months after the Bolshevik revolutionaries organized rioting calling for an end to the war did Russian soldiers in France begin questioning why they were fighting for the French and mutinied?
Were more people killed or arrested when the Italian army was forced to enter Milan and face Bolsheviks and anarchists?
How many of the people killed by revolutionaries were not officials?
How many years did it take revolutionaries to kill 7,293 people?
Revolutionaries killed 7,293 people in how many years?
How many more civilians were killed than officials?
How many more people were wounded than killed between 1906 and 1909?
Between 1906 and 1909, how many people were killed or wounded  by revolutionaries?
Between 1906 and 1909, how many people were killed by revolutionaries that were not officials?
What types of officials were victims or political terrorism acts carried out by the SR Combat Organization?
Did the revolutionaries kill more people or officials?
Did the revolutionaries kill or wound more people?
How many more people were wounded rather than killed?
How many yards were returned by Cowboys?
What team made a 46-yard field goal?
How many interceptions did Manning throw?
Who made the final play that gave the Cowboys the win and what was the final play?
Who scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals did David Buehler kick in the second half?
How many TD runs were made from under 5 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did David Buehler score in the second half?
How many of Buehler's field goals were from over 35 yards?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who caught the shortest TD pass?
How many of Manning's 11 interceptions across 3 games were not scored during this game?
How many of Buehler's field goals were from under 35 yards?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many interceptions were returned for a touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which peak is higher, Trem or Golemo Stražište?
What did Suva Planina used to be called?
What is the 3rd highest peak of Suva Planina called?
Who organizes "Zimski uspon na Trem"?
How many meters taller is the highest peak than the second highest peak?
Which cities surround Suva Planina?
How many towns does the mountain lie between?
How many higher in meters is Trem's peak than Golemo's?
What is the highest mountain in Serbia?
How many meters lower is the peak of Golemo Straziste compared to Trem?
Which peaks are between 1600m and 1750m?
The Adams-Onís Treaty was how many years after the Organic Act?
How many years did the Sabine River serve as a neutral ground buffer?
What happened first, German Coast Uprising or the passing of the Organic Act?
How many years after the Organic Act of 1804 did the largest slave revolt in American history occur?
For how many years did the Sabine Free State serve as a neutral ground buffer
When was the United States District Court for the District of Orleans established?
For how many years after the creation of the Orleans Territory did the Florida parishes east of the Mississippi remain part of the Spanish territory of West Florida?
How many years passed between the creation of the Orleans Territory and the finalization of the territory of its western border?
what happened first, Louisiana Purchase south became the District of Louisiana or it became the Orleans Territory?
How many judges were there?
What was not included?
What was east of the Sabine River ?
How many years did they have a neutral ground buffer?
Which team the won the football game?
What network aired the game?
difficult for CBS to televise the
How many full quarters did Peterman play?
How many wins did the Bills start the game with?
How many more points did the Bears have at the end than Tampa Bay?
what season entered the bears?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yard was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the the moat second quarter points?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which quarter had the most points scored?
Which half were the fewest points scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many losses did the Panthers have after the game?
How many of the men attacking the fort did not have arquebuses?
How many people were with the force that killed the commander of the fort?
How many months was the revolt active for?
What was the largest number of fighters?
What happened first: Athanasius had returned to Albania or the revolt was easily suppressed?
What happened second: Athanasius had returned to Albania or the revolt was easily suppressed?
How many of the 1300 men who attacked the Ottoman fort were not equipped with arquebuses?
How many months was the revolt active for?
How many years from the beginning of Mataram's campaign did it take for the city of Surabaya to surrender?
How many years did Surabaya and other conquered areas remain in Mataram's control?
Which event took place first, Mataram's attack on Surabaya and it's allies or ceding of conquered areas to the Dutch East India Company?
How many years did Mataram besiege Surabaya?
How many areas of Java were Mataram and Surabaya rivals for power?
How many years was Surabaya under siege?
How many years was Surabaya under the hands of Mataram?
How many years after starting the campaign did Mataram defeat counterattack of Surabaya and its allies?
How many years after defeating their counterattack did Mataram put the city of Surabaya under siege?
How many years did the siege last before Surabaya surrendered?
How many years after the surrender of Surabaya did Mataram remain in control of it and other conquered areas?
How many names does the Mataram-Surabaya War have?
What happened first: defeat of Surabaya near Pajang or its siege under Mataram?
What happened second: defeat of Surabaya near Pajang or its siege under Mataram?
How many teams did the Seahawks win before playing Minnesota?
How many yards did the Seahawks allowed Adrian Peterson?
Which team scored more points?
How did the Vikings' score?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many more touchdowns did the Seahawks score than the Vikings?
In terms of rank, was this game the first-coldest game or second-coldest game at Arrowhead Stadium?
Which player broke the tie?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game?
how many yards did thigpen throw?
how many points did chiefs win?
Which team won the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many years was immigration and negattive 109 net immigrants?
In the first year that there was a positive rate of immigrants, how many left?
How much of the population over 15 years old were never married as of 2011?
Were there more arrivals or departures in 2009?
Were more people legally/de facto married or never married as of the 2011 census?
Which were there more of, arrivals or departures?
How many years after 2002 was there a positive rate?
Which did the population have less of, those never married or those over 15 years old were legally or de facto married?
How many field goals were made in this game?
What was the Bengal's record after this game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the Bengals score on their first possession of the ball?
Who was one point ahead at the end of the second quarter?
How many quarterbacks had their road debut as a rookie before Dalton?
How many field goals were made in total?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many years has it been since the Bengals won on opening day?
Who won the opening day game where 67,321 spectators watched?
How many field goals were scored in the Bengal's first three drives?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams before halftime?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Who is the coach of the Eagles?
Who is the quarterback of the Eagles?
Which quarterback scored on a touchdown run?
Which player caught the most touchdown passes?
who won the game?
who lead in the beginning of the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many total yards did McNabb have?
How many touchdown runs did the Eagles make?
By how many points did the Vikings win their last game against the Bears?
What was the Vikings' record after bye week?
How many yards were Gould's field goals?
How many yards did Walsh gain in field goals?
How the Vikings offence averaged?
How Minnesota managed to tie the game?
What helped the Bears to take the lead the first time
What helped Cutler to excelled with an 8-3 record in eleven career games against Minnesota?
In the total rivalry how many more games has Minnesota won than the Bears?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the Bears have at halftime?
Which team missed a field goal?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many field goals did Nugent kick?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored 3 points in the first half?
What scoring play was the last play of the game?
What happened first: construction of a new stupa or consecration of relics of Lamas?
What happened second: construction of a new stupa or consecration of relics of Lamas?
How many percent of buildings were not destroyed during the Chinese Cultural Revolution?
How many years was it between the construction of the new stupa began and when it ws consecrated?
What year was Choekyi Gyaltsen born in?
How many years was it between the REd Guards leading a crowd to open stupas containing relics of 5th to 9th Panchen Lamas and the 10th Panchen Lama beginning construction on a new stupa?
On what date did Choekyi Gyaltsen, 10th Panchen Lama pass away?
Why was the monastary in Tibet not damaged as badly as the majority of other religious structures?
How many years after the construction of a new stupa began by Choekyi Gyaltsen was the building consecrated?
On what dday did Cheokyi Gyaltsen die?
In what year was Choekyi Gyaltsen born?
How many years after the Red Guards opened stupas and desctroyed relics did the new stupa open?
How many points were the Chief's ahead by at the beginning of the 4th quarter?
Who got the longest TD run?
How many TD passes did Hill complete?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Shaun Hill ’s first touchdown pass compared to second?
How many yards difference was Brett Favre’s touchdown run compared to Thomas Jones's touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many years did it take for John V to retake the throne after he was overthrown in 1376?
When was Bernabò poisoned?
How many years after Dalmatia was conquered was Bernabo deposed?
In what year was Bernabo poisoned?
How many years passed between John V being overthrown and him being restored to the thrown?
How many years after Dalmatia was conquered was Bernabo poisoned?
When did Hugarian forces threatened Venice and from which front?
What happened first, the defeat of the Milanese troops or imprisonment of Bernabo?
How many allies did Genoa have?
How many years after being overthrown was John V restored to the throne?
How many years after the Genoese helped Andronikos IV overthrow John V did Venice restore the latter to the throne?
How many years did Andronikos IV hold the throne?
How many wins did the Browns have coming into this game?
Who did the Steelers lose to the week before this game?
How many points was the margin of victory?
how many points did the steelers defeat the browns with?
how many consecutive seasons did the browns lose?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
What happened first, The Cham requesting Ming China to intervene or Le Thanh Tong formally launching his attack?
What happened first Le Thanh Tong formally launching his attack, or him raising a total of 300,000 strong army?
How many more soldiers did Tong have than Cham?
How many more men did Tong control than Cham?
What happened first: Tong formally launched his attack or reorganized his army to copy Chinese?
What happened second: Tong formally launched his attack or reorganized his army to copy Chinese?
Who was the Vietnamese rival?
How many more men did the Vietnamese army have over the Cham army?
After formally launching an attack, how many days later did Le Thanh Tong increase his army?
How many days after Le Thanh Tong formally launched his attack did he follow with another Vietnamese army consiting of 150000 men?
How many more men had Le Thanh Tong raised total in the battlefield compared to the Cham army?
How many more men were there in the attack on December 8 compared to the launch of attack on November 28?
Which fleet reached the sea first, the Russian or Turkish fleet?
Who left towards Azov earlier, Aleksei Shein or Peter I?
How many days after the massive bombardment from land and sea and seizure of the external rampart of the fortress by the Ukrainian and Don Cossacks did the Azov garrison surrender?
How many days did it take Aleksei Shein's forces to advance to Azov and capture the city?
How many days after Shein's forces set off for Azov did Peter I's galley fleet follow?
How did the Bears lose to in week 1?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
Who else besides Robbie Gould booted field goal?
What was the halftime score?
What was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many more touchdowns due to passing were there compared to running?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD run by Jacobs and the yards of the TD pass to Morgan?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD run by Jacobs and the yards of the second TD run by Jacobs?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD run by Jacobs and the yards of the first field goal made by Carney?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD run by Jacobs and the yards of the second field goal made by Carney?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
how many yards did jacobs run?
how many yards did nedney get?
how many yards did carney get?
How many percentage points out of 100 (what percent) of all employment in 1961 were in the manufacturing industry in addition to the percent of all Australian manufacturing jobs located in Sydney in 1970, combined?
Despite being the largest manufacturing centre in Australia, the loss of 180,000 manufacturing jobs happened within a span of how many years?
How many percentage points did manufacturing jobs fall in Sydney from 2001 to 2011?
How many year time span was there a loss of 180000 manufacturing jobs?
Which city had a greater manufacturing outpoint in 2013, Sydney or Melbourne?
How many more billions of dollars does Sydney's manufacturing output compared to Melbourne?
How many more billions of dollars did Sydney output than Melbourne?
In how many years was there a loss of 180,000 manufacturing jobs?
How many more percentage points of employment did manufacturing make up in 2001 than it did in 2011?
How many percent of Sydney's population in 1961 were not employed in manufacturing?
Which year were more people employed in manufacturing, 2001 or 2011?
How many more percent were employed in manufacturing in 2001 compared to 2011?
How many years was the time span where there was a loss of 180,000 manufacturing jobs?
Which city put out a smaller manufacturing output in 3013, Sydney or Melbourne?
How many more billions of dollars was Sydney's manufacturing output in 2013 compared to Melbourne?
How many billions of dollars did Sydney and Melbourne combine output in manufacturing in 2013?
how many days were needed  by Georgian army to eliminate most of the resistance?
how many Armenians were lost before December 24?
How many years passed between Ayyubid sultan Saladin capturing Jerusalem and the Third Crusade being launched?
How many Kings and Emperors launched the Third Crusade?
How many people signed the Treaty of Ramla?
How many years did the Third Crusade last?
What was the title of Duke Frederick V of Swabia's father?
What was the name of Duke Frederick V's father?
Where was the Siege of Acre?
How many separate rulers had collaboratively launched the Third Crusade?
Who was it that drowned in Cilicia near Silifke in the Göksu River, Duke Frederick V or Emperor Frederick I?
Who had control over Jaffa after the Treaty of Ramia was signed, the Muslims or the Crusaders?
Who was NOT the King of England, King Philip II or King Richard I?
How many years after Saladin captured Jerusalem was the Third Crusade launched?
How many years did the crusade last?
How many points were scored by Detroit in the third quarter?
How many yards did Palmer get?
How many yards did The Lions get in the second quarter?
Which player did Roddy catch a TD pass
How many TD passes did Roddy catch the whole game?
Which player caught a 16 yard pass for the Falcons?
How many yards was the field goal the lions ended halftime with?
How many yards was the only TD run in the 3rd quarter?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
Which team won?
Which team scored a safety?
How many 1-yard touchdown plays were there?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team scored first?
Was Roddy White's touchdown catch longer in the first quarter or the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team did not score during the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards did Calvin Johnson pass Jerry Rice's receiving record by?
What militant group was kicked out of Mongolia?
How many years were there between the People's Revolution of 1921 and the Mongolian People's Republic becoming a country?
How many names did the People's Revolution of 1921 have?
How many years passed since the start of the Mongolian Revolution and the founding of the Mongolian People's Republic?
How many years was the Mongolian People's Republic a satellite state of the Soviet Union?
How many years after the Mongolian Revolution was the Mongolian People's Republic founded?
How many years was the Mongolian People's Republic a satellite state of the Soviet Union?
How many years did the Chinese occupy Mongolia?
For how many years was the Mongolian People's Republic a satellite state of the Soviet Union?
How many years had China occupied Mongolia when the revolution began?
How many years after the Mongolian Revolution was the Mongolian People's Republic founded?
How many years after the Mongolian People's Republic was founded was it a satellite state of the Soviet Union?
How many years did the Chinese have occupation over Mongolia?
Who all helped to expel the Russian White Guards?
By which names is the Mongolian Revolution of 1921 also know by?
How many years after the People's Revolution was the Mongolian People's Republic founded?
How many years after the Mongolian Revolution was the Mongolian People's Republic founded?
Which other names was the Mongolian Revolution of 1921 known by?
How many years after the Mongolian Revolution was the Mongolian People's Republic founded?
How many years did the Chinese have occupation over Mongolia before the start of the Mongolian Revolution?
How many years after the Mongolian People's Republic was founded was it a satellite state of the Soviet Union?
What three things happened because of the Mongolian Revolution?
How many playoff berths have the Browns had since 2002?
How many points did the Bengals have at halftime?
What Bengal caught a touchdown pass?
How many points did the Browns score in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Cincinnati have in the second quarter?
How many players scored during the first quarter?
Which players scored more than once?
How many plays were 5 yards or less?
Who ran the shortest play of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total yards were made by field goals?
How many total yards were gained by touchdown pass by either team?
Were there more yards in touchdown passes, runs, or field goals?
How many more scoring plays were completed in the second quarter than were in the first?
Were more points scored in the second quarter or the fourth?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the Browns' longest play?
How many field goals did Graham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Graham kick in the first half?
How many more first downs did the Bengals have compared to the Patriots?
What all field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many total yards did Mike Nugent kick for field goals?
What all field goals did Stephen Gostowski make?
Which family lived in Karatsu first, the Okubo clan or the family of Ogasawara Nagamasa?
How many years did the Terazawa clan own Karatsu?
How many years did the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration last?
What happened first: Karatsu domain was founded or Katataka committed suicide?
What happened second: Karatsu domain was founded or Katataka committed suicide?
How many more generations of the Ogyū-Matsudaira clan than the Ōkubo clan ruled Karatsu?
How many more generations of the Doi clan clan than the Ōkubo clan ruled Karatsu?
What happened first: Karatsu domain was abolished or Boshin War?
What happened second: Karatsu domain was abolished or Boshin War?
How many years did the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration last?
How many years after the Karatsu domain was founded did the family hold on to it until?
How many generations in total were rotated through Karatsu for the next century?
Which clan had more generations rotating through Karatsu, the Ogyū-Matsudaira clan or the Doi clan?
Which quarterback had a rushing touchdown?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
How short was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes were made in total?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub throw?
Which player had the last touchdown pass?
how many yards did rackers get?
how many yards did akers make?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass, Michael Vick or Matt Schaub?
How many total field goal yards did David Ackers kick?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's second touchdown pass over his first one?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many field goals were longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored more field goals, David Akers or Neil Rackers?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many yards is the sum of all touchdown scoring plays?
How many touchdowns were 5 yards or less?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Akers longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run compared to the shortest touchdown run?
How many more touchdown passes were there compared to touchdown runs?
Were there more scoring plays in the first half or the second half?
Who scored the second longest touchdown run of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards in field goals did Akers have in the game?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which player scored more field goals, David Akers or Neil Rackers?
How many more field goals did David Akers score over Neil Rackers?
How many yards shorter was David Akers' second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did David Akers make?
Which field goals did David Akers make?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 15 yards were made?
How many total yards did Matt Schaub throw for touchdown passes?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 4 yards?
Who did not score until fourth quarter
How many point did they win by
How many points were scored total?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams combined?
How many points did the Buccaneers lose by?
How many points in total were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points did the 49ers score?
How many years separated the last time the Bucs beat San Francisco and the last time the 49ers were shut out at home?
What nickname does the Tampa Bay running back have?
How many yards was the shortest td play of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many sacks did Tampa Bay get during the game?
How many points did the Tampa defense give up?
Which player got the turnover that led to Tampa's third touchdown?
How many yards longer was "Cadillac" Williams's touchdown catch compared to his rushing touchdown?
How many total yards did "Cadillac" Williams gain on his touchdown plays?
How many yards per play did Tampa bay average on it's 80 yard drive?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
What was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest passing touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many total yards were gained on passing touchdowns?
On what day did General MacArthur issue the order to retreat from Luzon and withdraw to Bataan?
In what year did the Japanese lose control of the Lingayen Gulf?
On what date did General MacArthur issue the order to retreat from Luzon?
How many total ships were sunk and damaged due to Japanese kamikaze suicide attacks?
How many ships were sunk or damaged by Japanese suicide attacks from January 4-12, 1945?
How many troops in total took part in the Lingayen Gulf Landings?
How many places did Lieutenant General Masaharu Homma land his troops?
How many ships were sunken or damaged by the kamikaze?
How many more troops landed than what landed the first day?
What was the USS Columbia attacked by?
Who performed suicide attacks?
How many touchdowns did Droughns score?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points total were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many times was this game tied?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Panthers lead by at the end of the third quarter?
Which team did the Raiders try to rebound from last week?
How many field goals of at least 35 yards did Janikowski make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal over his first?
How many yards was Sebastian Janikowski's third field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns did Scott Candler have before halftime?
How many interceptions were there before the half?
How many yards was the longest drive before halftime?
How many yards was Ridley's longest run for a touchdown?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes were thrown more than 20 yards and less than 30 yards?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown receptions did Scott Chandler catch?
How many total combined yards were Ridley's touchdown runs?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did New England trail by at halftime?
How many more receiving yards did Bolden have than Ridley?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
How many points did both teams have when they were tied?
How many points ahead did the 5 plays put the Bills over the Patriots?
How many points deficit did the Bills have after the 35-yard touchdown to Brad Smith?
How many points did the Bills lose to the Patriots by?
How many field goals did Gostkowski complete?
How many field goals did Gostkowski miss?
Which players lost a fumble?
Which was longer, Seattle's first quarter touchdown pass or it's field goal?
How many field goals did Mare kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
Who scored the final points of the game?
How many points did Earl Bennett score?
Which quarterback threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Jay Cutler have?
Which player kicked the second most field goals?
How many more yards was Olindo Mare's longest field goal over Robbie Gould?
What player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were kicked?
Which quarterbacks played in the game?
How many total yards in field goals did Mare kick in the fourth quarter?
How many yards longer was Cutler's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many 46 yard field goals did Mare make?
Which player scored more field goals, Olindo Mare or Robbie Gould'?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the fourth quarter?
how many yards did wallace pass to jones?
how many yards did mare kick?
how many yards did mare get in the second?
how many yards did cutler pass to olsen?
how many yards did cutler pass to knox?
how many yards gould kick?
What all touchdowns did Jay Cutler make?
How many yards difference was Jay Cutler’s touchdown pass to Johnny Knox compared to his touchdown pass to Greg Olsen?
How many yards difference was Jay Cutler’s touchdown pass to Johnny Knox compared to his touchdown pass to Devin Hester?
How many yards difference was Jay Cutler’s touchdown pass to Greg Olsen compared to his touchdown pass to Devin Hester?
How many field goals did Stover kick in the first half?
Who threw the game winning touchdown pass?
How many field goals did each team kick?
Which team got their first win of the year?
who scored first?
what was the shortest touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
Who had the only touchdown of the third quarter?
How many yards did Crosby kick?
How many yards did LaFell kick?
How many points did the Packers score in the second quarter?
Who had more catches, Rob Gronkowski or Davante Adams?
How many points were the Packers winning by when there was 8:41 left in the game?
Which Packers receiver had the most yards?
How many total points were scored?
How many touchdowns did Jordy Nelson have?
How many field goals did Crosby kick?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski miss in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who was the Packers leader in receiving yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby have in the first half?
From what yard line did the Packers score twice from in the first half?
What players had receiving touchdowns of over 40 yards in the first half?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards did Mason Crosby kick?
Which players caught touchdowns thrown from Aaron Rodgers?
How many yards was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass?
What all field goals did Mason Crosby make in the first half?
How many total yards did Mason Crosby kick for field goals?
How many total yards did Mason Crosby kick for field goals in the first half?
How many more catches did Rob Gronkowski have than Davante Adams?
How many more yards did Davante Adams have than Rob Gronkowski?
How many yards did Lacy and Adams have combined?
How many points did Tampa Bay have at halftime?
Who threw for more touchdown passes?
How many points did the Falcons end the game with?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the third longest touchdown?
How many more touchdowns were scored than field goals?
How many yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Jeff Garcia make?
How many yards longer was Jeff Garcia's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdowns measured 40-yards or longer in length?
How many touchdowns measured between 20-yards and 40-yards in length?
How many yards of differential were there between the longest passing touchdown and the longest defensive touchdown?
How many yards of differential were there between the longest passing touchdown and the shortest passing touchdown?
Which receiver had the second longest touchdown reception?
How many times did the Tampa Bay offense score during the first half?
How many yards was Garcia's longest touchdown pass?
In which quarter did both teams score?
How many soldiers did Skanderbeg command?
How many total soldiers did the Albanian army have positioned?
How many horsemen plus infantrymen did Tanush Thopia have?
How many troops did the Albanian army have in total?
How many total people were in Skanderbeg's army?
How many men were in the Albanian army?
How many total infantry and horsemen were commanded by Tanush Thopia?
How many mend did Skanderberg have?
Which area had more horsemen, in front of the main division or the left wing?
How many archers were placed next to the horsemen?
How many infantrymen and horsemen total did Tanush Thopia command?
How many total men did the Albanian army have?
Who had more horsemen, the Albanian left wing or the Ottoman army?
How many archers were next to the one-thousand horsemen?
Which was placed behind the archers, horsemen or main body of infantry?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What was Rob Bironas shortest field goal?
Who managed to win?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick?
Who scored the first touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first points of the 3rd quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
In which quarter did the Eagles first score?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many percentage points did interest rates drop from 2003 to 2004?
Which happened later, the liquidity crisis of 1995 or the beginning of trading on the Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción?
How many banks were wholly foreign-owned in Paraguay in 2003?
How many percent of deposits are held outside of Paraguayan banks?
How many percent of banks in Paraguay were wholly or  at least partially owned by foreign companies?
How many percentage points did interest drop between 2003 and 2004?
How many banks were operating in Paraguay in 2003?
How many banks were wholly foreign-owned?
How many banks were partially foreign-owned?
How many of the 16 banks operating in Paraguay in 2003 were partially owned by foreign companies?
How many percents did interest rates drop in 2004 compared to 2003?
How many years after Paraguay's stock market began trading did the liquidity crisis of 1995 happen?
How many percentages did interest rates drop in Paraguay between 2003 and 2004?
What percentage of the 16 banks operating in Paraguay were not wholly foreign-owned or partially owned by foreign companies?
Who did the Falcons win the week before?
How many more games have the Saints won instead of lost this season?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the first half?
How many total yards were all the touchdown scoring plays in the first half?
Who threw the TD pass over 6 yards?
How many more yards was Matt Ryan's touchdown pass to Roddy White than Pierre Thomas's touchdown run?
How many more yards was Drew Brees's touchdown pass to Jimmy Graham than Pierre Thomas's touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown pass compared to the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards do the first touchdown pass and the first rushing touchdown add up to?
Which player scored the first touchdown measuring longer than 20-yards in length?
Which player scored the first touchdown measuring longer than 5-yards in length?
What was the first defensive touchdown scored?
Which quarterback accumulated more touchdown yards?
How many more touchdown yards did Matt Ryan have compared to Drew Brees?
How many touchdown yards did Matt Ryan and Drew Brees combine for?
Which player caught the longest offensive touchdown of the game?
What was the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards did the longest field goal and the longest defensive touchdown combine for?
Which team intercepted a pass for a touchdown?
how many yards did lindell get?
how many yards did hill pass?
Who did the Bills beat in week 12?
Which team had its quarterback sit out the second half?
Who made the longer field goal, Nedney or Lindel?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did the Bills make in the 2nd half?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the game, Bills or 49ers?
What event happened first, John McCrae writing In Flanders Fields, or supreme allied commanders spekaing to a crowd of more than 100,000 people?
In Flanders Fields is a poem written for soldiers who died in what war as we know it today?
What is the Great War also known as today?
Which happened first, the publishing of the poem written in FLanders Field, or the dedication of the Liberty Memorial?
Which was built first, the National World War I Museum and Memorial or the memorial in Veil Armand?
Which happened last, the publishing of John McCrae's poem or the Liberty Memorial dedication?
For how many years did the UK government devote a lot of money to the commemoration of the war?
How many years after Manco Inca Yapanqui established himself in Vilcabamba did the Spanish attack and he was killed?
How many years after Sayri Tupac assumed the title of Sapa Inca did he die?
How many people became Sapa Inca after Manco Inca Yupanqui?
How many years was Titu Cusi a leader?
How many years after  Manco Inca Yupanqui established himself in Vilcabamba was he killed?
How many years after  Manco Inca Yupanqui died did his son die?
Who dies first, Sayri Tupac or his brother Titu Cusi?
How many years after Sayri Tupac died, did his brother Titu Cusi die?
Which one of Sayri Tupac's brothers succeeded to the title in Vilcabamba first, Titu Cusi or Túpac Amaru?
As of the 2000 census, how many percent of residents were not African American?
As of the 2000 census, which racial group had more residents, Asian or Native American?
As of the 2000 census, which racial group had more residents, Pacific Islander or Native American?
As of the 2000 census, which racial group had more residents, whites or African American?
As of the 2000 census, were there more White people or African American people in the city?
As of the 2000 census, how many percent of population that did not consider themselves African American?
As of the 2000 census, which group had the higher population, Native American or Asians?
As of the 2000 census, where there more who identified themselves as Native American or Pacific Islander?
As of the 2000 census, how many percent of the population did not consider themselves Hispanic or Latino of any race?
As of the 2000 census, did more people consider themsleves Asian or White?
How many percent of the population, as of the 2000 census, did not consider themselves white?
How many races each made up less than 1% of the population?
How many races each made up more than 1% of the population but no more than 2%?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
Which two racial groups were the largest in the city?
Which two racial groups were the smallest in the city?
What was the second largest racial group in the city?
What was the smallest racial group in the city?
Which racial group was larger, Pacific Islander or White?
Which racial group was larger, Pacific Islander or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, are either solely White or solely African American?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, are not either solely White or solely African American?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, are not Hispanic or Latino of any race?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, are either solely Asian or solely Native American?
Which racial groups make up less than 1.5% of the population?
How many more people, in terms of percentage of the population, were solely African American compared to solely White?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many field goals did the Bucaneers score in the first half?
Which team successful blocked a PAT?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
Which team blocked a PAT?
How many touchdowns did the Browns have?
Which team scored last in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown in the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals longer than 40-yards were scored?
How many defensive touchdowns were longer than 20-yards?
Which quarter had two defensive touchdowns?
Which quarter did Bryant kick his longest field goal?
Which team had the most touchdowns by a RB?
How many passes did Rivers complete?
How many rushing attempts did Matthews have?
Which running back had more rushing yards?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which defensive player scored a touchdown?
How many touchdown passses did Bret Farve have?
How many incompletions did Jow Montana in this game?
How many yards per completion did Joe Montana average?
How many points did the Chiefs combine for in their two playoff games?
How many incomplete passes did Montana throw?
How many total games did the 49ers win, including playoffs?
Which team allowed a safety?
Which team won the game between the 49ers and the Vikings?
Who did Favre play for first, the Packers or the Vikings?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the third quarter?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass of the game than the shortest?
How many 2-point conversions were attempted in the game?
After the game with the Packers, how many games had the team lost during the season?
How many yards did Brady throw in total?
How many field goals did Graham kick?
How many total yards did Manning pass to Blair White?
Which team scored first?
How many total touchdowns were scored?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw?
Which team scored the fewest touchdowns?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game for the Colts?
Which player had the only rushing touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by both teams?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards did the longest touchdown play cover?
How many TD passes did QB Matt Ryan throw for?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant make in this game?
Who ran for the longest TD run?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team had the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many timtes did the Falcons score in the third quarter?
How many yards was the last touchdown play of the game?
How many yards total did Matt Bryant have between all of his field goals?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
From what yard line did the Falcons score from twice?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the second quarter?
Who scored the most touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdown passing yards did Matt Ryan throw for?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest in the game?
How many total running touchdown yards were scored in the game?
How many total yards did Matt Ryan throw for on touchdown passes?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
How many yards did Jason Snelling have on touchdown runs?
How many yards did Jason Snelling have on touchdowns?
How many yards did Jason Snelling have on each of his touchdowns?
What happened first: Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle or Seven Years' War?
What happened second: Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle or Seven Years' War?
How many years did the fighting continued in Father Le Loutre's War?
what is about the passage ?
How many years the fighting continued in Father Le Loutre's War?
When was Louisbourg returned to France?
In which year did the Seven Years' War start in Europe?
Which part of New England was most disturbed by the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
Who gave £180,000 to Massachusetts for their contribution to the expedition?
How did Massachusetts use the money that the British government gave them to acknowledge their contribution to the expedition?
What year did the French and Indian War spread to Europe as the Seven Years' War?
Between 1745 and 1746, how many percent of Massachusetts' adult male population survived?
How many years did the Father Le Loutre's War continue for?
In what year did the Seven Years' War begin in Europe?
How many year time span did the fighting between Acadia and Nova Scotia continue in Farther Le Loutre's War?
What year did the Seven Years' War begin?
How many years did the Father Le Loutre's War last?
Did the Father Le Loutre's War happen before or after the French and Indian War?
In what year did the French and Indian War spread to Europe as the Seven Years' War?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
What 1/12 of the year were the Anti-Submarine Helicopter Regiment disbanded?
How many years did the anti-Submarine Helicopter Regiment last at the Meria airport?
How many years after the Motor Rifle Division at Simferopol was transferred was the Helicopter Regiment disbanded?
How many years after 126th Motor Rifle Division at Simferopol was transferred to the Black Sea Fleet was the 841st independent Guards Anti-Submarine Helicopter Regiment disbanded?
Who joined the fleet from the 5th Air Army?
How many years was the 841st Meria airport become 841st independent Guards Anti Submarine Helicopter Regiment?
How many interceptions did Carr throw?
How many yards was the games longest TD pass?
In what quarter did both teams kick a field goal?
What was the half time score?
How many losses did the Raiders have after losing to the Broncos?
How many wins did the Broncos have after beating the Raiders?
How many yards long was Janikowski's first field goal?
How many points was Denver ahead by at the half?
How many points were the Broncos ahead by at the end?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many total points were scored during the first quarter?
Whose touchdown catch was longer, Andersons or Sanders?
How many more yards was Anderson's touchdown catch than Sanders catch?
How many points was Denver ahead by at the half?
Which quarterback was interecepted less times in the first half?
How many points did Oakland lose by?
How many different age brackets is the population put into?
Which age bracket has the least amount of people?
Which age bracket has the second most people?
How many years old is the average person
How many more males are there then females, per 100 females that are 18 and over?
How many more points was the population of those who are 25 to 44 than those who are between 18 and 24?
How many more males were there than females out of every 100?
How many more points was the population of those 45 to 64 than there were who were 65 and older?
Where there more males or females living in the country over the age of 18?
Where there more males or females age 18 and over living in the country?
How many more males per 100 females were there living in the county?
Where there more people under the age of 18 or those who were 65 years of age or older living in the county?
How many more people by percent were living in the county from age 25 to 44 compared to those who were 45-64?
For every 100 females, how many more males were there?
For every 100 females age 18 and over, how many more males were there?
How many percent of people were over the age of 18?
How many percent of people were under the age of 65?
How many percent of people were under the age of 24?
Was there a higher percentage of people in the ages of 18 to 24 or in the ages of 45 to 64?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less females per 100 were there than males?
How many less males per 100 were there than males?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
What age range made up the highest percentage of the population?
What age range made up the lowest percentage of the population?
How many more males were there for every 100 females?
What was the percentage of the population of the group that the median age fell into?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less males per 100 were there than males?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which groups in percent are larger than 11%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group had a higher population living in the county, under the age of 18 or those who were 65 years of age or older?
Which were there more of living in the country, males or females?
How many more males were there compared to every 100 females age 18 and over living in the county?
How many more people living in the county were from 25 to 44 compared to from 45 to 64?
Which age groups living in the county made up less than 20% of the population?
Which groups in percent are larger than 13%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many 2 yard touchdown passes were made?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player got Miami on the score board?
Which team allowed the most points at the half?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team scored last?
Which player threw the shortest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first two quarters?
From what yard lines were touchdowns scored in the first two quarters?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
Who threw the most touchdown passes over the entire game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns scored?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Who caught a longer touchdown pass, Wes Welker or Aaron Hernandez?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many years did the Miao Rebellion last?
How many years did the Manchu-led Qing Empire rule China?
How many years did the Miao Rebellion last for?
How many years total did the rebellions against the Qing Empire last for?
How many years did the Qing Empire rule China?
For how many years did the Qing Empire rule China?
How many years did the Miao Rebellion last for?
How many years passed during the Miao Rebellion?
How many years did several rebellions against the Manchu-led Qing Empire?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
From what yard line did both teams score?
Who had the longest touchdown catch?
How many points behind were the Chiefs when they finally got on the board?
Which players caught interceptions from Tyler Thigpen?
How many incomplete passes did Tyler Thigpen throw?
How many more extra points did Elam kick than field goals?
How many rushing yards did Turner and Norwood have combined?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many consecutive field goals did Jason Elam have before his field goal of 27 yards?
How many quarters were the Ravens scoreless?
How many quarters did the Ravens score in?
How many field goals did kicker Josh Brown nail for Seattle in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks score in the second quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
How long was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass of the game than the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards did Hasselbeck throw that resulted in a touchdown?
How many total field goals did Brown kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many players scored for the Ravens during the game?
How many more yards were completed in the third quarter than in the fourth quarter?
How many players scored during the first quarter?
Which players caught touchdown passes for the Ravens?
How many more players caught touchdown passes for the Seahawks than did for the Ravens?
Did the Seahawks or the Ravens have more TD pass yards?
How many more yards did the Ravens complete via touchdown passes than the Seahawks did?
Which player threw the second-longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
After this game, how many games had the Ravens lost consecutively?
How many field goals were successfully converted in this game?
How many touchdowns plays were scored in under less than 5 yards out?
How many points unanswered points off of turnovers were scored by the Patriots?
Which team kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Tony Romo throw?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which player made a field goal in the second quarter?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards did kicker Lawrence Tynes kick in the second quarter?
How many yards did Kevin Olgetree pass?
Which player landed 33 yard field goal?
Which player completed a 9 yard td pass?
How many yards were the sum of all the made field goals combined?
How long were each of Ogletree's touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns did Romo throw than Manning?
How many touchdowns did Jeffrey have?
How many touchdown rushes did Adrian Peterson have in the first half?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who was intercepted on their teams opening drive?
Which quarterback was injured in the game?
How many yards difference was Jay Cutler's  touchdown pass to Jeffery  than Jason Campbell’s touchdown pass to Brandon Marshall?
How many wins did the Bengals come into this game with?
Which team scored the last points before the half?
Which team scored the most points?
How many points did Bengals score in the third quarter?
How many more points did Bengals score over Browns in the fourth quarter?
How many points did Browns score in the fourth quarter?
In which half did Browns score more points, first or second?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who booted the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's first field goal over his second one?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal over Mike Nugent's longest one?
How many more touchdown passes did Dalton throw than Weeden?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass, Dalton or Weeden?
Which team lost the game?
How many different players did Dalton throw passes to?
How many of Andy Dalton's touchdown passes were from over 40 yards in the second half?
How many total field goal yards were made before halftime by anyone?
How many wins did the Giants have after this game?
Which team scored last in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
how many yards did manning pass?
how many did giants win by?
How many more sets of uniforms, helmets, and associated equipment were there than VHS rifles?
How many countries have been mentioned as potential customers?
Did the export deal to Iraq include more VHS Rifles or more uniforms,helmets and associate equipment?
Were Croation arms sales expected to be bigger in 2014 or in 2015?
How many points the Giants win by?
How many total points were scored in this game?
How many points did the teams combine for?
How many points did NY win by?
Who lost a fumble late in the game?
How many points did the Giants score?
How many points did the Cowboys trail with by the end of the game?
How many points did the Giants score?
How many points did the Cowboys score?
How many passing touchdowns did Matt Cassel throw?
What was the Bears record coming into this game?
What was the Bears record after  this game?
who scored first?
how many points did seahawks win by?
who scored last?
What was the chicago bear's record prior to the game?
How many interceptions did Matt Hasselbeck throw in the 2nd quarter?
How many points did the Bears lead by at halftime?
How many passes did Calvin Johnson receive?
How many passes did Shaun McDonald receive?
How many touchdowns did Orton run for?
How many touchdowns did Grossman run for?
How many touchdowns did Grossman pass for?
How many touchdowns did Kevin Smith have?
How many touchdowns did Johnson have?
How many touchdowns passes did Shaun McDonald have?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest field goal?
How many Bears players had touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Dan Orlovsky throw for on touchdown passes?
From what distance did both teams have a rushing touchdown?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 were made in the game?
How many months passed between the Battle of St. Jakob an der Sihl and the Battle of St. Jakob an der Birs near Basel?
How many of the 64 defenders were beheaded on May 27th 1444?
Which happened first, the Battle of St. Jakob an der Sihl or the Battle of St. Jakob an der Birs?
How many years passed between the Battle of St. Jakob an der Sihl and the Battle of St. Jakob an der Birs?
Which occurred first, the Battle of St. Jakob an der Birs, or the siege of Greifensee?
How many months passed between the Battle of St. Jakob an der Bir and the siege of Griefensee?
How many defenders at Greifensee were beheaded?
How many years after the beheadings at Greifensee was a preliminary peace concluded?
How many years after the preliminary peace was concluded was a definitive peace agreed upon?
How many of the defenders were beheaded?
Which town was under siege first, Zurich or Greifensee?
How many more engine companies than tower companies does the City of Charleston Fire Department have?
How many more engine companies than ladder companies does the City of Charleston Fire Department have?
How many more tower companies than ladder companies does the City of Charleston Fire Department have?
How many months were there between Russell Thomas leaving the position of Fire Chief and Thomas Carr taking the position?
How many fewer ladder companies are there than tower companies in the The City of Charleston Fire Department ?
Who served as Fire Chief first - Russell Thomas or Thomas Carr?
How many more engine companies are there than tower companies?
How many more engine companies are there than ladder companies?
How many more tower companies are there than ladder companies?
How many divisions does the Fire Department have?
Who was Fire Chief second: Russell Thomas or Thomas Carr?
How many divisions are in the City of Charleston Fire Department?
How many types of company does the City of Charleston Fire Department utilize?
How many classes did the fire department's ISO rating drop in 2008?
How many out of the 20 companies were not ladder companies?
How many divisions are in the department?
How many points was the ISO lowered by?
What companies have the largest amount of locations, tower or engine?
How many divisions are there in the Charleston Fire Department?
How many more full-time firefighters than companies?
How many total engine companies, tower companies an dladder companies are there?
Who are the two most recent leaders of the Fire Department?
Besides training and Administration, what are the other division of the fire department?
How many of the companies are not engine or ladder companies?
For how many months in 2008 was Charleston without a Fire Chief?
How many yards did Eli Manning completed passes in the first quarter?
How many yard passes did Eli complete during the game?
How many passes did Manning complete in the first quarter?
How many passes did Manning complete in the second quarter?
Who returnined an interception 23 yards for a touchdown?
Which team scored more first quarter touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards difference was Eli Manning’s touchdown pass to Steve Smith compared to Brooks Bollinger’s touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Eli Manning's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Eli Manning throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 13 yards did Eli Manning throw?
How many yards do the first two passing touchdowns combine for?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards in all did the Vikings kick in field goals?
How many games had the Saints lost before this game?
Which team lost a quarterback due to injuries?
at what point was Brady's left leg hurt?
how many points total were made in the game?
how many quarters did Brady play in?
Who scored more points, New England or Kansas City?
How many incomplete passes did Cassel have on his first drive?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
What was the longest scoring play?
What were the distances of Rob Bironas's field goals in yards?
How many rushing touchdowns did Johnson and White combine for?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals were 45 yards or longer?
How many more field goals did Bironas make than Hanson?
Who scored the last points of the first half?
Which kicker had at least four field goals?
Which player had two touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards did Chris Johnson's first touchdown and Jason Hanson's first field goal combine for?
How many yards longer was Chris Johnson's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Chris Johnson's second touchdown compared to Jason Hanson's first field goal?
How many yards were gained on the first three scoring drives?
How many yards were gained on touchdowns measuring 2 yards long?
How many yards were gained on touchdowns measuring less than 10 yards long?
How many touchdowns measured exactly 2 yards long?
Which kicker had the shortest converted field goal?
How many field goals measured between 40 and 50 yards long?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of over 50 yards?
Who ran for a touchdown of over 50 yards?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Which player scored more than one touchdown?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas have in the second half?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
After the conclusion of the game, who was in second place within the divison?
How many more yards did Frnk Gore run compared to Shaun Alexander?
How many time more did Seahawks turn ball over compared to interceptions?
How many more yards than Shaun Alexander did Frank Gore run for?
How many touchdowns was Alex Smith responsible for?
How many points were the Seahawks losing by at halftime?
How many more students applied than were accepted in Fall 2017?
What play did Tum Brady run?
Who led the Jets on a long drive and how many plays was it?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many more field goals did Gostkowski score than Nugent?
How many touchdown passes were from over 18 yards?
Who threw the only touchdown pass under 17 yards?
How many times was Brady intercepted?
How many times did Artwell Hawkins make an interception?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many points were scored total?
How many points did the Jets win by?
Which was higher, the median income for a household, or for a family?
Who's median income was higher, males or females?
How many dollars higher was the median income for males than females?
Which population had more individuals below the poverty line, those under 18, or those over 65?
How many more dollars was the median income for a family then for a household in the county?
Which gender had a lower median income in the county?
How many percentage points (what percentage) of the total population did NOT live below the poverty line?
How many more dollars does a family make a year than the median?
How many more dollars does a family make a year than the average male?
How many more dollars does a family make a year than the average female?
How many less dollars does a male make a year than the median?
How many less dollars does a female make a year than the median?
Which made less income, males or females?
How many percent of people on average were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people under 18 were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people 65 or older were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people were not unemployed?
Which had a higher income, households or families?
Which was lower, the median income for a household or the median income for a family?
Which gender had a higher income, males or females?
How many more dollars was the income of males than females?
How many percent of families were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people under age 18 were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people aged 65 or over were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people were not unemployed in Sumter County in March 2009?
Which had the largest income, household or family?
How many more income does the family make in the county than the household?
How many more percentage of the population were below the poverty line than families?
How many more percentage were below the poverty line under the age 18 than 65 or over?
How many more median income does males make than females?
How many more mln did Georgia sell of alcoholic beverages than wine?
How many more countries did Georgia sell wine in than alcoholic beverages?
Who was the biggest wine export partner for Georgia, Ukraine or Belarus?
How many percentage points is the difference between the shares of wines and alcoholic export commodities?
How many years after the 2007 exports was the export 109% higher?
How many more percentage points does the Ukraine get of Georgia's wine exports than Kazakhstan?
How many more percentage points is the share of nuts than the share of mineral water?
How many more mln of USD is the nut export worth than the export of wine?
How many years after 2006 did it take for the export of vines, mineral waters, and alcoholic beverages to exceed all exports back to 2006?
In 2011, did Georgia sell more wine or alcoholic beverages?
Did Georgia trade wine with more countries in 2011 or 2012?
What countries does Georgia export over 10% of their wine to?
What beverages did Georgia sell over 40 mln USD in 2011?
Which constitutes more of Georgia's export, mineral waters or nuts?
In 2011, how many millions of US dollars worth of wine and alcholic beverages did Georgia sell?
In 2011, how many more countries did Georgia sell wine in than alcoholic beverages?
In 2011, how many more millions of US dollars did Georgia sell in alcoholic beverages to other countries than wine to other countries?
What are the top two countries Georgia exports its wines to?
In percent, how many exports of wine do not go to Ukraine, Kazakhstan or Belarus?
In percent, how many exports in 2011 were not nuts?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Rian Lindell make?
How many field goals were made during the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
how many yards did the bills get in the first half?
how many yards did lowsman throw?
how many yards did lindell kick?
how many yards was lindells second kicker?
how many yards did dolphins pass in the fourth?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yard was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many yards was Rian Lindell's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest?
In which half were the most field goals kicked?
How many countries sent representatives to the Conference of Lausanne?
How many months after the opening of the conference did negotiations break down?
How many countries attended the Conference of Lausanne?
Which happened first, the Conference of Lausanne or the League of Nations brokered agreement between Turkey and Great Britain regarding Mosul?
How many countries opened the Conference of Lausanne?
Did the League of Nations agreement confirm British Iraq Mandate's possession of Mosul before or after the Conference of Lausanne?
How many months did the Conference of Lausanne last for?
How many countries sent representatives to the Conference of Lausanne?
How many years after the conference did the League of Nations broker an agreement between Turkey and Great Britain?
Why did the Treaty of Sèvres need to be replaced?
What British position did Curzon refused to be budged on?
How many points did the Browns have at halftime?
How many wins did the Browns have coming into this game?
Which team had the least points at the end?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Panthers winning by at halftime?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Panthers or Browns?
How many field goals were made in the 3rd quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 4th quarter?
Who will become the first player since 1961 to lead the NFL in receiving and then fail to score a touchdown in the following season?
How many winning seasons have the Browns had in the 16 years since returning to the NFL?
How many of the last 16 years have the Browns had a winning record?
How many players were injured?
Who did Connor Shaw replace?
How many days after Connor Shaw was announced to be the starting quarterback was Josh Gordon suspended?
How many more yards did Murray need to beat Smith's record?
How many points did Romo score in the third quarter??
How many more passing yards does Romo get over Aikman?
How many yards Murray needs to pass Smith's team record?
How many years have the Cowboys been a team?
How many more passing yards did Romo have than than Aikman?
How many yards did Murray average rushing?
How many yards was Smith's single season record?
How many yards did Romo pass Aikman in yards passing this game?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Who did the Cowboys beat prior to playing the Cardinals?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes went for more than 50 yards?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Kurt Warner or Tony Romo?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many times in a row have the Raiders beat the Broncos in Denver?
How many points did Oakland lead by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many years after El Shaddai Records was founded did they continue on to sign deals with Antiskeptic, and US groups A Plea for Purging, and This Runs Through for the Australian releases of the band's recordings?
Which was released first by El Shaddai Records, He is Legend's It Hates You or Blessed by A Broken Heart's single Forever?
Which song was released first, Forever or Following Voices?
Which song was released first, It Hates You or Forever?
How many million silver taels did the campaign cost?
Which army was annihilated near Khoton Lake in 1731?
How many years in 1731 being annihilated in Khoton Lake to finally defeating the Dzungar in 1732?
When was the largest army sent?
Which event happened first, the Dzungar uprising in Qinghai, or the Khoton Lake incident?
How many million silver taels did they spend?
How many years did these events last for?
How many more men were in the army led by Nian Gengyao to quell a Dzungar uprising in Qinghai than the army sent to fight the Dzungars again in Yongzheng's later reign?
How many years after Yongzheng Emperor sent an army of 230000 led by Nian Gengyao to an uprising in Qinghai did the Qing Empire face danger again of losing control of Mongolia?
Who led an army of 230,000?
How many million silver taels did the campaign cost?
How many silver taels did the campaign cost?
Who conquered Tibet for the Qing during the Dzungar-Qing War?
Who attacked the Dzungars at Urumqi in Xinjiang?
Who battled the Oirats?
Which group did General Yue Zhongqi battle?
Which army was annihilated near the Khoton Lake in 1731?
What advantage did the Dzungars have over the Qing army?
Where were the Dzungars when they were attacked by Yue Zhongqi?
Which people defeated the Dzungars?
How many times did the Yongzheng Emperor fail to defeat the Dzungars?
How many men total did the Yongzheng Emperor send to defeat the Dzungars?
How many times were the Dzungars fought against before being defeated by the Khalkha ally?
Which persons army attached the Dzungars before General Yue Zhongqi and after Yongzheng Emperor?
How many points did Miami score in the second quarter?
How many interceptions did the Philadelphia quarterbacks throw in the game?
How many rushing attempts did Westbrook have?
How many points did Philadelphia win by?
How many total points were scored?
Who scored on a punt return TD?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who was the leading rusher?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who  threw interceptions during the game?
How many yards per carry did Brian Westbrook average during this game?
How many points of differential were there between the winning and losing teams?
How many yards longer was the longest special team touchdown compred to the first field goal made?
How many more interceptions did McNabb throw compared to A.J. Feeley?
Which players scored touchdowns in the game?
How many more interceptions did McNabb throw than Feeley?
How many of Westbrook's carries occurred before the final drive?
How many more times did the Eagles score than the dolphins?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many yards were thrown for touchdown passes?
How many field goals were kicked in the game??
How many more field goals did Cundiff kick then Janikowski?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
Which kicker kicked more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Billy Cundiff?
How many total points were scored?
Which kicker had more first half field goals?
How many more field goals did Cundiff have than Janikowski in the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
How many points did Cleveland lead by after the first half?
How many points did Oakland win by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Billy Cundiff make?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Billy Cundiff make than Sebastian Janikowski?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Billy Cundiff's longest field goal than Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal?
How many points did the Browns win the game by?
How many points were the Browns ahead by the end of the first half?
Which kicker had more total yards, Cundiff or Janikowski?
How many total yards did Cundiff have?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 5 yards?
How many years after the Battle of Aussig was Krybut imprisoned?
How many years was Korybut imprisoned for?
How many years was Korybut imprisoned before he was released?
What happened second, Hussite forces defeated invaders in Battle of Aussig or Martin proclaimed 1427 crusade?
Which event happened first, the Hussites were attacked in battle of Aussig or Martin proclaimed 1427 crusade?
How many men led the Hussite forces?
How many years was Korybut imprisoned?
How many years was Korybut imprisoned?
How many countries was Henry Beaufort Papal Legate of?
Who won the game?
How many running touchdown yards did Luck have?
How many yards longer was Weeden's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
In which quarters did both teams score?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many yards longer was Andrew Luck's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first or 2nd quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Did the Colts score more points in the first half or the second half?
Did the Browns score more points in the first half or the second half?
How many more points did the Colts score in the first half compared to the second half?
Who scored a touchdown first, Andrew Luck or Brandon Weeden?
Who scored earlier, Greg Little or Josh Gordon?
How many yards longer was Josh Gordon's touchdown compared to Greg Little's touchdown?
How many yards longer was Andrew Luck's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many returns did Patriots make in the second quarter?
Which team made the longest touchdown?
How many times did the Giants score in the game?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
Which quarterback threw for less yards?
How many more yards did Grossman have than Manning?
How many total points were scored?
Which was the only quarter that the Giants scored during?
How many more yards Manning needed to match Grossman's throws?
How many percents of households did not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: non-families or Marriage living together?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many less percent of children of the age 18 is there than marriage living together?
Which household group has the highest percentage, marriage living together or non-families?
Which household group has the smallest percentage, female householder or 65 years of age or older?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many more people were in the average family than the average household?
How many percentage points of households were considered families?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
Which groups in average were under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Which households were there more of, those who were marriage living together or those with a female householder with no husband?
How many more households, by percent, had children under the age of 18 living with them compared to someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many more people is the average family size compared to average household size?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was second most common?
which household was least common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
Which groups in average were under 3 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many percent of households did not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
Were more households, a marriage living together or non-families?
Which was larger, the average household size or the average family size?
How many more percent of households were married living together compared with households made up of individuals?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play of the game?
Which gteam was leading at halftime?
How many points did the Giants win by?
For how many years was the Stadtholder of Utrecht the same as the Stadtholder of the County of Holland?
How many years did Lordship of Utrecht exist?
What happened first: Lordship of Utrecht was formed or Union of Utrecht?
What happened second: Lordship of Utrecht was formed or Union of Utrecht?
What happened first: Batavian Republic was created or Lordship of Utrecht was abolished?
What happened second: Batavian Republic was created or Lordship of Utrecht was abolished?
How many years was Bishopric occupied by the Duchy of Guelders?
How many years was the Stadtholder of Utrecht the same as the Stadtholder of the County of Holland?
How many years was the Stadtholder of Urecht was the same as the Stadtholder of the County of Holland?
How many years was the Bishopric occupied by the Duchy of Guelders?
In 1795 what was created, the Batavian Republic or Lordship of Utrecht?
How many years was the Bishopric occupied by the Ducy of Guelders?
How many years did the Lordship of Utrecht exist?
How many years was the Stadtholder of Utrecht the same as the Stadtholder of the County of Holland?
How many years did the Lordship of Utrecht exist?
Who had the shortest TD run?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who threw the shortest TD pass?
How many field goals did Feely kick?
Which team scored less during the first quarter?
How many yards was Feely's longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who made the shortest touchdown run?
How many more field goals did Feely kick than Scobee?
Which player scored in both the first half and the second half?
During which quarter was the longest field goal kick of the game?
Which player made the most field goal kicks?
How many more yards did Jay Feely kick than the other player who kicked a field goal?
How many more yards came from field goals in the first half than field goals in the second half?
How many total yards did Feely have?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many field goals did Feely kick in total?
How many total yards of field goals did Feely make?
How many total yards of field goals did Scobee make?
How many games had the Bengals lost comiig into this game?
How many points were the Broncos ahead at the half?
Which team won this game?
How many points did the Broncos lead with at the start of the second half?
How many touchdown drives did the Colts have in the fourth quarter?
Which players kicked field goals of longer than 40 yards?
How many yards difference exists between Mike Nugent's longest and Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Denver lead by at halftime?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest first quarter field goal?
How many countries were mainly responsible for trying those accused of war crimes?
Were there move convictions or acquittals of Finnish POW camp staff members?
Were more people sentenced to one month to five years, or were more sentenced to five to ten years in prison?
How many more convictions than acquittals were filed against Finnish POW camp staff members?
How many murders and homicides were Finnish POW camp staff members accused of?
How many more homicides than murders were Finnish POW camp staff members accused of?
How many of the 1381 Finnish POW camp staff members were found guilty?
How many of the 1381 Finnish POW camp staff members were found not guilty?
How many more were accused of other homicides than murders?
How many more convictions were there than acquittals?
Were more people convicted to 10-15 years imprisonment or five to ten years?
How many more people were convicted to five to ten years than 10-15 years?
Which sentencing time period was the most used?
How many more convictions than acquittals from filed against the Finnish POW?
Which has the largest total for filed charges against the Finnish Staff members: homicides or murders?
How many less Finnish staff  were imprisoned for 10-15 than  one month to five years?
How many murders and homicides are their total?
How many more life sentences than imprisonment for the Finnish staff?
Which were there more of, convictions or acquittals?
How many of the homicides the Finnish POW camp staff members were accused of were not murders?
Which prison sentence had the most convictions?
Which prison sentences each had over 50 convictions?
How many more people were given a sentence of 10-15 years than life sentence?
How many more cases were given a fine or disciplinary corrections than a sentence of five to ten years?
Which happened first, Bloody Sunday or the passage of the Special Powers Act?
How many men were held in each cage?
What happened first, the highest internment population level or the passing of the Special Powers Act?
Which happened first, the Special Powers Act or the detaining of Irish Republicans?
Was the population of prisoners higher in June 1923 or February 1923?
Who owned the HMS Argenta?
How many different interment sites did the British have in total?
Did the British have fewer land based or sea based internment sites at this time?
Why did the men succumb to disease?
How many other internment sites were listed as supplements?
How did the prisoners protest?
What allowed the British to detain so many men?
Who scored first?
Which team scored the first points?
Who scored more points, the Dolphins or the Titans?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who did the Dolphins lose to in the previous week?
Which team failed on a two point conversion?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards were there in difference between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards in total were scored on rushing touchdowns?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
Which player scored the second touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Rob Bironas?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run?
How many total field goal yards did Dan Carpenter kick?
How many yards longer was Dan Carpenter's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 17 yards did Dan Carpenter kick?
How many more field goals did Carpenter make than Bironas?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown?
Which QB had the longest touchdown pass?
How many different players threw a TD pass?
Who scored the second touchdown of the game?
What happened first,the death of Warbeck or Edward Plantagenet?
How many times did Warbeck try to escape?
How many days between Warbeck being hanged and the Earl of Warwick was beheaded?
What happened first: Warbeck being hanged or the Earl of Warwick being beheaded?
What was the agreement?
How many months does it took replacing Greek prime minister?
When did  Alexandros Zaimis' term end?
Who got less votes Foumis or Michelidakis?
Who was Alexandros Zaimis  before?
who swore allegiance to a new constitution?
How many votes did Konstantinos Foumis lose by?
How many months after he began his term did Zaimis swear allegiance to the new constitution?
How many people voted for president of the Cretan Assembly?
How many votes did Konstantinos Foumis win by?
How many months after the new constitution was submitted did it take for the first French contingents to leave?
What year did Alexandros Zaimis term end?
How many months after Zaimis term began did the constituent assembly led by Antonios Michelidakis submit a new constituion to Zaimis?
How many months after Alexandros Zaimis term began was Michelidakis elected president of the Cretan Assembly?
How many more votes did Michelidakis have compared to Konstantinos Foumis in the election for president of the Cretan Assembly?
Who was the first person to pledge allegiance to the new constitution?
By how many votes did Michelidakis win his election?
Before being elected president of the Cretan Assembly, what did Antonios Michelidakis lead?
How many years after Kublai was declared Khagan of the Mongol Empire did he establish his capital at Khanbaliq?
Which happened first, the death of Minamoto no Yoriie or the series of Mongol invasions in Korea?
How many years passed after the death of Minamoto no Yoriie before the series of Mongol invasions in Korea began?
How many years did the Mongol invasions of Korea last?
How many native peoples of Sakhalin did the Mongols subjugate?
How many years did Kublai take to establish a capital after becoming Khagan?
How many years did the Mongol invasions of Korea last?
After Kublai was declared Khagan, how many years passed until he established Khanbaliq?
How many native tribes of Sakhalin were there?
Who had controlled Japan prior to the Hojo clan?
For how many years did the Mongol invasions last?
For how many years did the Mongols try to subjugate native people of Sakhalin?
How many years was the overlap of the Mongol invasions and the Mongol attempts in Sakhalin?
How many years after Kublai was declared Khagan of the Mongol Empire did he establish his capital at Khanbaliq?
How many years did the series of Mongol invasions of Korea take place?
How many years did the Mongols attempt to subjugate subjugate the native peoples of Sakhalin—the Ainu, Orok, and Nivkh peoples?
Which two rulers ruled at the same time period?
Who was not master of the field?
How many days passed between the battle at Montlhery and Louis XI entering Paris?
How many days was Louis XI away from Paris in August, 1645?
How many days after Louis XI returned to Paris in Augst was the truce signed?
Which happened first, the attack on Bourbonnais or the battle at Montlhery?
How many days was it between when  Louis XI returned to Paris and when a truce was signed?
How many days was it between when Louis XI left Paris and when he returned to Paris?
Which happened earlier, the battle at Montlhery or the signing of a truce by Louis XI?
How many days did Louis XI stay in Paris?
What city did Louis XI fight the Burgundian army?
How many days did it take Louis XI to assemble provisions and return to Paris?
What happened first: battle occurred at Montlhery or a truce was signed by Leaguers?
What happened second: battle occurred at Montlhery or a truce was signed by Leaguers?
Who supported Louis XI?
Who decided to confront the Burgundian army led by the Count of Charolais?
Who organized the defense?
Who strengthened the capital's faltering authority?
How many points did the Steelers have in the first quarter?
How many times were the Steelers able to win against Kerry Collins prior to this game?
How long was the game tieing field goal?
How many points did Tennessee score in the third quarter?
What made Pittsburgh lose the ball in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards were gained on the touchdown passes thrown in this game?
How many fieldgoals were scored that ranged from 30-40 yards long?
How many touchdowns did each team have in the first half?
Who threw the shortest touchdown?
Which quarters did no team score?
How many field goals were kicked during the second half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked a field goal from greater than 35 yards?
Which event happened first, being listed as the 8th best PC game or selling 2 million copies?
How many games sold better than Age of Empires III in 2005?
How many years did it take for Age of Empires III to sell over two million copies?
After how many years did Age of Empires III sold 2 million copies
Which was called as history book
How many games sold better than Age of Empires III in 2005?
Which happened last, Age of Empires III being listed as the eighth best-selling PC game or selling over two million copies?
How many different companies commented about Age of Empires III?
How many percentage points away from a perfect score was Age of Empires III according to GameRankings?
How many publications praised Age of Empires III?
How many million copies of it had been sold by May 2007?
How many games sold better than Age of Empires III in 2005?
How many scoring possessions were there for the Ravens?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many points did the Rams score?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many points did the Raven's have during the first half?
How many yards of field goals did Stover kick?
How many field goals were over 40 yards?
How many more field goals did Stover kick compared to everyone else.
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Matt Stover kick?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many more field goals did Matt Stover kick over Jeff Wilkins?
How many yards longer was  Stover's longest field goal over Wilkins' one?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Stover kick?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Stover or Jeff Wilkins?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
How many field goals between 25 and 45 yards were made?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many field goals over 30 yards were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which field goals did Matt Stover make?
Which players made at least one field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the three shortest field goals made?
How many yards are the top two longest field goals combined?
How many yards shorter was Matt Stover's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Stover or Jeff Wilkins?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Matt Stover make over Jeff Wilkins?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Stover kick?
Which field goals did Matt Stover make?
Which players scored at least four field goals?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many points did the falcons score in the first quarter?
How many points did the falcons have at halftime?
How many points did the falcons lead by in at halftime?
How many games had the lions lost before this game?
How many points did the falcons have at the end?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards did Matt Prater make?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many field goals under 40 yards were not made by Bryant?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made by Bryant?
How many more field goals did Prater score than Bryant?
How far was Kaeding longest field goal?
How many points did the Colts get in the third quarter?
Which team did the the Chargers play week 11?
How many points did the colts get on the board with?
How many points were scored by the half?
Which team scored the least points?
How many points did the Colts score on their last possession?
Which team did the Steelers play week 11?
Which team got on the board first?
How many field goals were there in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were score in the first half?
Who had the longest first half field goal?
Who threw the longest first quarter touchdown?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many losses did the Chargers have to start this game?
How many touchdowns were there in the third quarter?
In what quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
Which players scored a 1 yard touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards, but shorter than 40 yards?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 40 yards?
What quarterback had the highest average yards per touchdown pass?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were  Adam Vinatieri's kicks on average?
How many yards were Nate Kaeding's kicks on average?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
From what distance did both teams score touchdowns?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri kick from more than 25 and less than 50 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for touchdowns?
Which players had 1-yard touchdown receptions?
How many field goals total were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored a touchdown during the third quarter?
Who scored first
How many points did they win by
Which running back had negative yards for the game?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score in the fourth quarter?
Who threw a hail mary?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Which player caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs make after halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who did Carson Wentz throw touchdown passes to?
Which Chiefs player had two touchdowns?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns?
How long was the second touchdown of the game?
Which Giants player talked about the Bears negatively?
Who was the first ranked team in the NFC?
How many points did the Bears win by?
Which two players share the record for touchdown returns?
How many points did the Bears win the game by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who kicked more field goals, Mike Nugent or Shaun Suisham?
How many field goal yards did Mike Nugent kick in total?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest touchdown passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jason Campbell  or Josh Johnson?
How many more touchdown passes did Jason Campbell make over Josh Johnson?
Which touchdown passes did Jason Campbell  make?
How many total yards did Jason Campbell throw for touchdown passes?
How many total field goal yards did Mike Nugent make?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jason Campbell 's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 30 yards?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Mike Nugent kick?
Which player scored more field goals, Mike Nugent or Shaun Suisham?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Washington win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What all field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many yards total did Mike Nugent kick for field goals?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent;s first field goal over his second?
What all touchdowns did Jason Campbell make?
How many yards difference was Jason Campbell’s touchdown pass to Chris Cooley compared to his touchdown pass to Santana Moss?
Which team was in lead at the half?
How many quarters did the Redskins go scoreless?
Which team recovered the most turnovers?
How many points did Tampa Bay need to win the game?
How many players received season ending injures during this game?
After Carnell Williams was carted off who scored the touchdown?
Which team became first place in the NFC South after this game?
What team scored last?
How many first half touchdowns did the Buccaneer's score?
Which team scored in the fourth quarter?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
Which players had touchdown runs?
How many times did these two teams play together this season?
How many quarters did Carnell Williams play in?
How many Touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
How many passes did Carr fail to complete?
How many full quarters did Carolina go without scoring?
Out of the Buccaneers first 4 games, how many had they lost?
Which players had first half rushing touchdowns?
Which team scored in the second half?
How many yards were the Buccaneers rushing touchdowns?
Which event happened first, The battle of Buchow or the battle of Axtorna?
What was the Jegermesther?
In which year did Horn die?
What month did Nils Boije take over Varberg?
What day of the month did Nils Boije take over Varberg?
What was Rantzau's first name?
Which came first, the attack of Halland and Skane or the battle at sea outside of Oland?
How many provinces did Horn attack and attempt to attack in 1565?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first half?
Which two Patriots' receivers had two touchdown receptions?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns did the Dolphins have in the second half?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Dolphins score in the second half?
How many touchdowns did Cleo Lemon score?
How many points did both teams score in the third quarter?
Which team scored fewer points in the second half?
How many total yards of offensive touchdown runs were made?
How many yards longer was the longest offensive touchdown run than the shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw to Randy Moss?
How many TD passes did Brady and Moss hook up together on?
How many TD passes did Tom Brady complete?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first quarter?
How many points did the Dolphins score in the first half?
How many points did the Dolphins score in the third quarter?
What failed to take bull?
How many weather catastrophes were experienced in 1740?
What date did snow fall after the massive rain downpour caused widespread flooding?
A low number of what had resulted in the decline of butter production and the shortage of milk?
Which two months in 1740 did it blizzard along the east coast?
Which month of 1618 did the losses occur?
How many combined years were the Otoman-Persian Wars?
How many years did Żółkiewski force Cossacks to sign a new agreements?
How many total years did the Ottoman-Persian Wars last?
How many years was between the times where Żółkiewski forced Cossacks to sign a new agreement?
How many years did the first Ottoman-Persian War last?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many total yards did the field goals for both teams amount to?
How many total yards were both of Garrad's touch down passes?
In what quarter did both teams score a field goal?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many touchdowns did Maurice Jones-Drew have?
How many touchdowns did both Garrard and Schaub throw?
How many of Maurice Jones-Drew's TD runs were from over 5 yards?
How many TD passes were made to Andre Johnson?
How many total yards of TD passes were thrown by Garrard?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Maurice Jones-Drew score in the second quarter?
How many 50+ touchdown passes were thrown?
Which players caught touchdown passes of at least 50 yards?
Which team scored first?
Which kicker's first quarter field goal was shorter?
How many yards shorter was Racker's first quarter field goal than Scobees?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were longer than 30 yards?
Were there more governmental schools in Ghana in 1890 or 1920?
Was total enrollment in Ghana higher in 1890 or 1920?
How many more pupils attended school in Ghana in 1920 compared to 1890?
Were there more assisted or unassisted mission schools in Ghana in 1920?
Were there more children attending school in Ghana in 1940 or 1920?
Were there more governmental or assisted mission schools in Ghana in 1890?
How many more governmental schools were there in Ghana in 1920 compared to 1890?
How many more "assisted" mission schools were there compared to government schools in 1890?
How many more government schools were there in 1920 compared to 1890?
How many more "assisted" mission schools were there in 1920 compared to 1890?
How many total schools were there by 1920?
How many more unassisted" mission schools were there by 1920 compared to "assisted" mission schools?
How many more pupils were there in 1920 compared to 1890?
How many more children were attending Gold Coast schools in 1950 compared to 1940?
How many more schools were there in 1950 compared to 1890?
How many field goals were made?
Who did the Vikings beat before playing this game?
Which team blewout the Lions?
Which team played the Lions in week 10?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
Who scored the only points for the Seahawks?
Which quarterback started for the Seahawks?
Which quarterback ended the game for the Seahawks?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the second half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Vikings lead with by halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brett Favre or Tarvaris Jackson?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Favre throw in the first half?
How many yards was Favre's longest touchdown of the first half?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which team had more touchdowns in the second half?
In which half did Seattle score, the first half or second half?
How many points did the Bills win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bills winning by at halftime?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the fourth quarter?
What country felt the biggest economic burden?
How many succesor states was Austria-Hungary partitioned into?
Who were they?
How many years passed when 354,000 Hungarians fled former Hungarian territories?
What happened first: Treaty of Sèvres or Treaty of Lausanne?
What happened second: Treaty of Sèvres or Treaty of Lausanne?
How many in percent did non-Hungarians make of the pre-war Kingdom of Hungary?
How many years passed when 354,000 Hungarians fled former Hungarian territories?
How many years time span did 354000 Hungarians flee former Hungarian territories attached to Romania, Czechoslovakia, and Yugoslavia?
How many months after the October Revolution did Romania take control of Bessarabia?
Which treaty happened first, the Treaty of Lausanne or the Treaty of Sevres?
How many territories did the 354000 Hungarians leave behind?
How many years did it take for the 354000 Hungarians to flee?
How many parts was Austria-Hungary divided into?
How many nations became independent from Russia after the 1917 revolution?
Which treaty came first, the Treaty of Sèvres or the Treaty of Lausanne?
Over how many years did 354,000 Hungarians flee former Hungarian territories?
How many countries were formed from the Western Front of the Russian Empire after 1917?
How many months after the October Revolution did Romania take control of Bessarabia?
How many years after the Treaty of Sèvres did the Treaty of Lausanne occur?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many points did the Rams score?
How many points did both teams earn in the second quarter?
Who created a safety by sacking the quarterback?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
What all field goals did John Kasay make?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Cundiff make in the first quarter?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Cundiff make in the second half?
How many catches did Dallas Clark have?
Who scored more field goals, Billy Cundiff or Matt Stover?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Billy Cundiff 's second field goal compared to his first?
how many yards did Lynch run?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did Buffalo score in the third quarter?
How many players threw touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards did all successful field goals combine for?
How many touchdowns measured 5-yards or less?
How many touchdown passes were 20-yards or longer?
How many touchdowns measured between 10-yards and 20-yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown of the first quarter compared to the second?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays of at least 30 yards?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Tyler Thigpen or Trent Edwards?
How many touchdowns did Buffalo score in the third quarter?
How many yards long was the second longest touchdown in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards long was the shortest touchdown in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards of field goals were scored in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards long was the shortest field goal in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards longer was Tyler Thigpen's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many touchdown passes longer than 30 yards did Tyler Thigpen throw?
How many yards on average were Trent Edwards' touchdown runs?
How many yards of touchdown passes and runs did Trent Edwards have?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Which gender under the age of six populated the area more, males or females?
Which literacy average was lower, city or national average?
Which were there more of, cultivators or main agricultural labourers?
Which group of workers made up the larger amount of the population?
How many more workers were marginal workers than marginal workers in household industries?
Which group of workers were the least in the population?
How many groups of workers consisted of more than 1000 workers?
Which group were there more workers of, house hold industries or marginal workers in household industries?
Which groups were comprised of less than 50 workers?
How many cultivators and main agricultural labourers are there according to the census?
How many cultivators and house hold industries are there according to the census?
How many cultivators and other workers are there according to the census?
How many cultivators and marginal workers are there according to the census?
How many cultivators and marginal cultivators are there according to the census?
How many cultivators and marginal agricultural labourers are there according to the census?
According to the census, which group is larger: house hold industries or cultivators?
According to the census, which group is smaller: house hold industries or cultivators?
According to the census, which group is larger: house hold industries or main agricultural labourers?
According to the census, which group is smaller: house hold industries or main agricultural labourers?
According to the census, which group is larger: house hold industries or marginal cultivators?
According to the census, which group is smaller: house hold industries or marginal cultivators?
How many more males under the age of six were there compared to females under the age of six?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more males under the age of 6 were there?
How many percent were illiterate?
How many people were not other marginal workers?
How many people were not marginal workers?
How many people were not marginal agricultural labourers?
How many people were not marginal cultivators?
How many people were not cultivators?
How many workers weren't in house hold industries?
How many workers weren't main agricultural labourers?
How many workers weren't other workers?
How many workers weren't marginal workers?
How many workers weren't marginal cultivators?
Which group of workers is larger: in house hold industries or cultivators?
Which group of workers is smaller: in house hold industries or cultivators?
Which group of workers is larger: in house hold industries or main agricultural labourers?
Which group of workers is smaller: in house hold industries or main agricultural labourers?
Which group of workers is larger: in house hold industries or marginal cultivators?
Which group of workers is smaller: in house hold industries or marginal cultivators?
Which gender under the age of six populated more of Kumbakonam, males or females?
Which literacy rate was lower, Kumbakonam or the national average?
How many of the 9519 workers were not cultivators?
How many more main agricultural labourers were there than cultivators?
How many more other workers were there than marginal workers?
Which were there more or, cultivators or marginal cultivators?
Which areas were each comprised of more than 1000 workers?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did both teams score in total in the first half?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Texans score?
Which team led at the half?
Which team had the least points?
How many points did the Texans manage to win by?
How many touchdowns did the Texans have in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which painting of Monets sold for more money, Le Pont du chemin de fer à Argenteuil or Le bassin aux nymphéas?
How many days after Monets Le Pont du chemin de fer à Argenteuil was bought was Le bassin aux nymphéas sold?
How many more millions of dollars than the previous record was the Le Pont du chemin de fer à Argenteuil sold for in 2008?
How many millions of dollars in fees were charged for the painting Le bassin aux nymphéas when it was sold in 2008?
Who was fired as the Cowboys head coach?
Who did the Cowboys beat for their first home win?
How many games did the Cowboys play prior to this game on the season?
How many yards was the longest field goal successfully made from?
How many touchdown passes under 5 yards were made?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys special teams score?
How many games had the Cowboys lost before Jason Garrett took over as head coach?
How many touchdown passes did Jon Kitna throw?
How many total touchdown passes were thrown?
Who scored on the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
Who was the home team?
Who had the lead at half-time?
Which team won the game?
How long were Matthew Stafford's two longest touchdown passes?
Who kicked field goals in the first half?
Who scored touchdowns in the first half?
Who had rushing touchdowns in the third quarter?
Who caught the final touchdown pass?
How many wins for the season did this game give the Browns?
How many yards was the LIons first field goal?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
How many points did the Browns need to win?
Which player helped the Lions tie the score in the second quarter?
Which two players got the Browns there first TD?
Which team allowed 21 unanswered points to end the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
How many points did Detroit win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the Gonzalez field goal?
Which team scored the most points Browns or Titans?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which team won the game?
How many losses did the Browns have going into this game?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many times had the Browns start 0-4?
How long was the game winning field goal?
How many yards was the final field goal of regulation time?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many losses did the Browns have after the game?
How many yards was the field goal which forced overtime?
How many more touchdowns did Succop score compared to Gonazalez?
How many total yards did Succop have?
How many total yards did Gonzalez have?
Which player had fewer total yards, Succop or Gonzalez?
How many touchdowns were scored all game?
How many yards was the second field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many total points were were scored by field goal at the end of regulation play?
How many losses did the Browns have to start this game?
Which player kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was Succop's first field goal of the first half than his second?
Which players scored field goals in the first half of the game?
How many yards longer was Succop's field goal kick than Gonzalez's in the first half?
How many yards longer was Gonzalez's longest field goal kick than his shortest?
How many passes did Nicks receive?
How many passes did Celek receive?
How many touchdown passes were there?
How many touchdowns did Eli throw?
Who scored the game winning touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Michael Vick throw?
How many scores were the Giants ahead at the half?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which player caught the first TD for the Giants?
Which team does Tynes kick for?
How many losses did the Giants have coming into this game?
Which player scored the last points of regulation?
Which player made the only TD pass over 60 yards?
How many TD passes were made from the 8 yard line?
How many total field goal yards were there between both teams?
How many more yards was David Akers first field goal over Lawrence Tynes?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Mario Manningham have?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Eli Manning have?
From which yard line did Eli Manning throw two touchdowns?
What was the third longest touchdown of the game?
Which player had the second most touchdown passes passes?
how many total yards of filed goals did Hanson kick?
How many yards in combined passes did Kitna complete?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored first?
Which players scored field goals?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
Which team lost the game?
In how many countries was a Legion established?
How many full years passed between the Legion's Russian establishment and the establishment of the Legion in Italy?
The Bolshevik execution of the Tsar happened how many years after the Legion in Russia?
The last transport from the American ship Heffron was how many years after the The Legion in France?
How many years were the between the Legion in Russia and the Legion in Italy?
How many years after the Legion in Russia was established was the Legion established in Italy?
Which event happened first, the execution of Tsar and his family or when the Legion in Russia was established?
How many years after the Legion in Russia was established was it established in France?
Where was the Legion established first, Italy or France?
Did the Battle of Bakhmach happen before or after the defeat of the Austro-Hungarian army in Zborov?
How many years after the Bolshevik execution of the Tsar and his family did the last transport evacuate the area?
How many months after the Czechoslovak Legion was established in France was it established in Italy?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
What was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did the teams combine for?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest touchdown passes?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored more field goals, Shaun Suisham or Olindo Mare?
Which touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck make?
How many total yards did Matt Hasselbeck throw for touchdown passes?
How many total field goal yards did Shaun Suisham make?
How many more touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck make over Jason Campbell?
How many yards shorter was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the first half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the first half?
Were fewer touchdowns scored in the first or second quarter?
How many yards longer was Maurice Morris' touchdown compared to Ladell Betts'?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 23 yards?
Which players scored a touchdown longer than 7 yards?
Which players scored a touchdown shorter than 7 yards?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Who was the oldest son of John of Lorraine?
How many months did the naval and land siege last?
What happened first, John Lorraine's death or French troops retiring to France?
How many months did the naval and land seige against Barcelona last?
Who was pardoned by King John?
What happened first: John of Lorraine dead or Barcelona surrendered to king John?
What happened second: John of Lorraine dead or Barcelona surrendered to king John?
How many years did the naval and land siege last?
How many years after Duke John of Lorraine died did King René die?
How many years was John II's siege on Barcelona?
What team did the Bills defeat previously?
Who came out ahead initially?
How many field goals were there in the second half?
How many field goals were greater than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which team beat the Chargers week 7?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the Dolphins lead the Bills at the start of the second quarter?
Which team scored two field goals in the fourth quarter?
Which team  lost a fumble in the last quarter?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
How many total yards did Lindell have?
How many total yards did Carpenter have?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
At which yardage did both teams score field goals from?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were scored?
What team kicked the shortest field goal?
Who caught the first touchdown?
Who scored the games first touchdown?
Who scored the longest TD of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards in difference were there between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals 40-yards or longer were were kicked?
How many touchdowns measured 10-yards or less?
How many yards in difference was there between the longest passing touchdown and shortest rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was Roy E. Williams second touchdown compared to his first?
Who scored the shortest TD run?
how many yards did rackers hit?
how many yards did barber get?
how many yards did rackers nail in the third?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player had more field goals over 35 yards, Neil Rackers or David Buehler?
Which field goals did David Buehler make?
How many total field goal yards did David Buehler make?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
How many yards shorter was David Buehler's second field goal compared to his first?
How many more touchdown passes did Tony Romo make over Matt Schaub?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdown passes?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which quarterback threw for more yards?
What was the halftime score?
How many points did the Saints score since the third quarter?
How many points did the Chargers score since the third quarter?
How many more passing yards did Brees have than Rivers?
How many combined passing yards did Brees and Rivers have?
Which team had more turnovers in the fourth quarter, the Saints of the Chargers?
How many more yards did Brees throw than Rivers did?
How many more touchdown passes did Brees throw than Rivers did?
How many more passing yards did Brees have than Rivers?
How many more touchdown passes were thrown by both quarterbacks?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Saints win by?
How many field goals did Carpenter make in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Palmer throw?
Which team was winning at halftime?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the first half?
How many total yards did Dan Carpenter kick for field goals in the game?
WHich happened first, Ricky Williams 1-yard touchdown run or Carson Palmer's 7-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens?
How many field goals were made in the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who ran a total of 6 yards for two touchdowns?
How long was the longer TD run?
How many points did the Seahawks score?
How many touchdowns did Najeh Davenport score?
how many yards did davenport get?
how many yards did davenport run?
How many years passed between the 1697 Barrier and the revised Barrier Treaty of 1709?
How many years passed between the Treaty of Rastatt and the end of the war?
What happened first, Philip's renunciation of the French throne or the subduing of Catalonia and Majorca?
When was the Barrier Treaty updated?
When was the treat signed by Charles?
How many years passed between the Barrier Treaty and the Rastatt?
What happened first: Philip had announced his renunciation or Charles came to terms?
What happened second: Philip had announced his renunciation or Charles came to terms?
What was signed on March 7
Who did not sign the treaty
Which treaty happened second, the Treaty of Utrecht or the The Treaty of Rastatt?
Which event happened first, the peace with the Dutch, or the Treaty of Rastatt?
Which event happened first, the peace with the Dutch or the Treaty of Utrecht?
Which event happened first, the Treaty of Utrecht, or the Treaty of Rastatt?
Which event happened first, the revised Barrier Treaty or the Treaty of Utrecht?
Which event happened first, the Treaty of Rastatt, or the revised Barrier Treaty?
Which event happened first, the loss of Landau and Freiburg, or the Treaty of Utrecht?
how many field goals did Jeff Reed miss?
How many yards  was the touchdown pass between Cutler and Knox?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many field goals did Reed miss?
How many touchdowns did Jay Cutler throw?
How many yards for a touchdown did Culter throw?
How many more field goals did Jeff Reed miss than Robbie Gould scored?
Who made a field goal in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was Cutler's longest touchdown pass?
For how many years did the Genoese hold Rhodes against Nicaean attacks?
Who did Rhodes belong to before the Genoese captured it?
How many years did the Genoese occupation of Rhodes last?
How many years did Genoese take possession of the city and island for in their 1248 surprise attack?
How many years did the Genoese hold Rhodes against Nicaean attacks?
For how many years did The Genoese occupy Rhodes?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal over his second longest?
How long were each of Nick Folk's field goals?
Which Cowboys players scored touchdowns?
How many TD were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Titans win by?
What was the longest pass for a touchdown?
Who did the Texans lose to before playing the Titans?
How many points did Houston score in this game?
How many points did Titans score in this game?
Who won the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Novak score?
How many more points ahead were the Texans  at the end of the game than early in the second quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many yards did Nick Novak kick in field goals in the game?
What day of the week did Dallas play Arizona?
Who will the Cowboys play next?
When will the Cowboys play their next game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which QB had more passing yards?
How many more passing yards did Palmer have than Prescott?
How many rushing attempts did Ezekiel Elliott have?
Which quarterback threw for more yards, Prescott or Palmer?
How many rushing touchdowns did Dak Prescott have?
Which QB had more passing yards?
How many more passing yards did Carson Palmer have than Dak Prescott?
How many numbers represent the movement?
How many total special attributes make up the Three Jewels of the Buddha?
How many more special attributes does the Lord Buddha have compared to Dharma?
How many field goals did Longwell make in the first half?
How many points did the Colts have in the first half?
How many total field goals did Longwell kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored on the two point conversion in the final quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
Did Ryan Longwell kick more field goals in the first or second quarter?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal of the first half compared to his shortest of the first half?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
In what two quarters did Ryan Longwell kick two field goals each?
In what quarter did Ryan Longwell not kick a field goal?
How many field goals longer than 44 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals shorter than 44 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many yards long was Longwell's shortest field goal of the first half?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were made during the game?
In what quarter was the first touchdown made?
How many field goals measured over 40-yards in length out of the first 3 field goals kicked?
How many yards did the two shortest touchdowns combine for?
How many field goals measuring between 40-yards and 50-yards were successful?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards did Ryan Longwell combine for across his field goals during the first two quarters?
How many yards long was the average distance of Ryan Longwell first three field goals?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's third field goal when compared to his second?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals measuring shorter than 40 yards were made during the game?
How many total yards were converted on field goals measuring shorter than 40 yards in length?
Q: How many total yards were converted on field goals measuring longer than 40 yards in length?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did the longest touchdown and shortest touchdown combine for?
Which quarterback had the longest passing touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Colts score in the first half?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson have?
How many touchdowns did Dominic Rhodes have?
Which team scored fewer points in the third quarter?
Which player scored the most points?
how many yards did rhodes get?
how many yards did the lions respond with?
how many yards did simpson get?
how many yards did manning complete?
how many yards did hanson get?
how many yards did smith get?
how many points did orlovsky pass?
how many yards did rhodes run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many games would have A.J. Green scored a touchdown in if he had made one in this game?
How many points ahead were the Raiders after Moore's 20-yard touchdown?
What team is Mike Nugent on?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many 55-yard field goals were there in the game?
How many more points did the Bengals score than Oakland?
Who kicked a 53-yard field goal?
How many field goals did Forbath make?
How many points did Forbath's field goals result into?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many years did the Persians rule over Mosul before the Ottomans recaptured the town?
How many years did the Persians rule over Baghdad before the Ottomans recaptured the town?
How many years passed between the capture of Baghdad and Mosul?
How many years passed between the recapture of Mosul and Baghdad?
How many years did the war last that Nader Shah waged against the Ottomans?
How many years passed after the recapture of Mosul did the Treaty of Zuhab occur?
How many years after declaring war on the Ottoman Empire did the Ottomans recapture Mosul?
How many years did Nader Shah wage war against the Ottomans?
How many years after the Persians captured Mosul did the Ottomans recapture it?
How many years after the Persians captured Baghdad did the Ottomans recapture it?
How many years after the Persions had captured Baghdad did the Ottomans recapture it?
For how many years consecutively did the Ottomans have Baghdad for before Nader Shah declared war with them and demanded the surreneder of Baghdad?
How many years had Nader Shah waged war against the Ottomans for until it ended with a stalemate?
Which entities had captured Baghdad in the 1620s?
Was Baghdad or Mosul captured by the Otomans first?
How many years did Baghdad remain in Persian control before the Ottomans captured it?
Which country was in Persian control longer, Mosul or Baghdad?
What did the Court of Chivalry do for the first time in over 200 years?
What does the RCSP claim supports their position?
How many years did the Cornish Stannary Parliament's last assembly last?
What year did the last Cornish Stannary Parliament end?
How many years was it between the Cornish Stannary Parliament's last assembly and it's ending?
How many years did the Cornish Stannary Parliament last after their last assembly at Truro?
How many passes did Mathews receive?
Who made 3 three field goals?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
How many points did The Chargers win by?
How many times did Kansas City turn the ball over?
How many passes did Rivers complete?
Who had the most catches for San Diego?
How many points did the Chargers win the game by?
How many points did the Chargers win against Kansas City by?
By how many points did the Chiefs lose against the Chargers?
Which team lead in the second quarter?
How many passes did Rivers fail to complete?
Who was in more plays, Battle or Mathews?
How many more plays was Battle in compared to Mathews?
How many field goals did Nick Novak fail to make?
How many passes did Heath Miller have?
How many yards did the Steelers run?
How many is the difference in the number of yards field goal by Jason Hanson and the number of yards TD run by Mendenhall?
How many is the difference in the number of yards field goal by Jason Hanson and the number of yards TD catch by Miller?
How many is the difference in the number of yards field goal by Jason Hanson and the number of yard interception run by James?
How many is the difference in the number of yards field goal by Jason Hanson and the number of yards catch by Ward?
Which came first, the first 46 yard field goal or the 7 yard TD?
How many yards was the interception that followed the 15 yard TD catch?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger have?
How many receiving touchdowns did the Detroit Lions have?
How many points did the Steelers get on the board with?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the second quarter?
Which team won?
How many total points did the Pacers score in the first two games?
How many total points did the Hawks score in the first two games?
How many points was the highest margin of victory in any of the games?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson score in the first half?
Which team did not score a field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest TD?
How many points did Indiana win by in game 2 against Atlanta?
How many points did Indiana lose by in game 1 against the Hawks?
What happened first: George II seeked maritime reprisals against Spain or Waterhouse entered the port La Guaira?
What happened second: George II seeked maritime reprisals against Spain or Waterhouse entered the port La Guaira?
What happened first: George II seek maritime reprisals against Spain or the attack on La Guaira?
What happened second: George II seek maritime reprisals against Spain or the attack on La Guaira?
How many days after King George II authorised the Admiralty Board to seek maritime reprisals against Spain did Vice Admiral Edward Vernon and a fleet of warships departed Britain?
What date was the the attack on La Guaira on?
Which event happened last, Waterhouse entered port La Guaira, or King George II authorized maritime reprisals against Spain?
Who did not sail to Jamaica to undertake emergency repairs, the Spanish vessels or the British squadron?
Who led the British warships in 1739, Don Francisco or Edward Vernon?
How many days after King George authorized the Admiralty Board to seek maritime reprisals against Spain did Vice Admiral Edward Vernon leave Britain for the West Indies?
What day was the attack on La Guaira?
Which happened first, the attack on La Guaira or war was declared?
How many days are nameless days in the 365-day calendar ?
In the 365 day calendar, how many total days were assigned to months?
How many total days of the 365-day calendar were grouped into months?
How many days of the 365-day calendar were not included in months?
How many months would 240 days be in the 365-day calendar?
How many months would 100 days be in the 365-day calendar?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
How many points were the Chargers  behind in the half?
How many field goals did Novak miss?
How many points did the Chargers have after a TD catch by Gates?
How many field goals did Nick Novak miss?
Which team allowed the most points scored?
How many touchdowns did Denver score?
How many field goals did Novak miss?
How many quarters did Allen play in?
Which team scored more points, Broncos or Chargers?
Who threw for more yards, Manning or Rivers?
How many third down conversions by the Broncos were unsuccessful?
How many more field goals did Novak miss than he made?
How many passes did Manning and Rivers throw combined?
How many more yards did Manning pass for than Rivers?
What happend with France in the 17th century?
What happend on 21 september 1711?
Who was attacked by the Dutch?
How many years span these events?
How many different major battles were there?
Which happened first Battle of Rio de Janeiro or Battle of Alcácer Quibir?
How many countries had the same king?
How many ships did they have more than forts?
How many ships and men did René Duguay-Trouin have?
How many ships, forts, and men did Rio de Janeiro have defending the attack?
What happened first: death of Sebastian of Portugal or Battle of Rio de Janeiro?
What happened first, the occupation of parts of Brazil, or the death of Sebastian of Portugal ?
What happened first, the Battle of Alcácer Quibir,or the Dutch capture of Salvador de Bahia?
Who had more troops, René Duguay-Trouin or Rio de Janeiro?
How many more ships did  René Duguay-Trouin have than Rio de Janeiro?
How many more men did the defenses have than René Duguay-Trouin's forces?
Which Brazilian cities were captured between 1579 and 1582?
Which side had more men during the Battle of Rio de Janeiro, René Duguay-Trouin or the defense?
Who did the Panthers beat before playing the Rams?
How many field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many field goals did John Kasay make?
How many field goal attempts were successfully converted?
How many touchdown passes were over 20 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Sam Bradford throw?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradfords longest touchdown pass compared to Matt Moores longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked over 40 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Brown kick?
How many yards shorter was Browns longest field goal compared to Kasays?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many total field goal yards were in the game?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown make?
How many more total field goal yards did Josh Brown make than John Kasay?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many total touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing  yards did Sam Bradford make?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Sam Bradford have than Matt Moore?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's longest touchdown pass than Matt Moore's longest touchdown pass?
How many points did Pittsburgh earn in the first quarter?
Which team scored first?
Who lost the game?
Who threw the longest pass of the game?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns did Green have?
Which team scored more points, Steelers or Bengals?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns measuring 10-yards or less were scored?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns measured over 30-yards in length?
How many yards combined did all of the touchdowns measure?
Which team lost to Ravens in week 11?
Which player had the shortest TD run?
Which team had six wins to start this game?
Which player caught the ball to tie the game in the third quarter?
Which team scored the last points of the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the last score of the game for?
How long was the second longest field goal of the game?
How many more yards did the first touchdown measure compared to the second touchdown?
How many yards did the first two touchdowns measure when their lengths are combined?
How many touchdowns measured less than 5 yards in length?
How many more yards did Andy Dalton gain on passing touchdowns compared to Ben Roethlisberger?
How many more yards did Andy Dalton gain on touchdown plays compared to Ben Roethlisberger?
How many yards did the three shortest touchdowns account for?
How many yards did the two longest touchdowns account for?
How many field goals measured between 30 and 40 yards in length?
How many years was the Greco-Turkish War?
When was the Greek forces stopped?
Which treaty came last?
For how many years did the Greco-Turkish war last?
What was the reason for armed conflict in the Greco-Turkish War?
In what year did the event first occur that eventually resulted in the acceptance of Turkish demands?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the start of the Greco-Turkish War, or the armed conflict that started whe the Greek forces landed in Smyrna?
What event happened first, the battle of sakarya, or the start of the Greco-Turkish war?
When did the Greco-Turkish war end?
How many months did the Greco Turkish war last?
How many years did it take before the Greek forces were first checked by the Turkish forces?
How many years was the partitioning Ottoman Empire after World War 1 between May 1919-1922?
How many months did it take to rebuild the Binalatongan?
Which happened first: the Treaty of Paris or the razing of Binalatongan
What happened the same year the Treaty of Paris was signed and the Seven Years' War ended?
How many months after the Seven Years' War ended was Silang Assassinated?
How many months did it take for news of the peace treaty to reach Pangasinan?
How many of Palaris' advisers were captured after the defeat at San Jacinto?
How many months did it take to rebuild Binalatongan?
Which year did the Seven Years War start?
How many days after the war ended was Silang assassinated?
How many months did it take to rebuild Binalatongan?
How many of Palaris' advisers were killed?
Which happened later, the signing of the Treaty of Paris or the assassination of Silang?
Which happened later, the the assassination of Silang or the Battle of Mabalitec?
Which happened later, the signing of the Treaty of Paris or the rebuilding of Binalatongan?
Who was defeated at San Jacinto, Pangasinan?
How many years did the war last>
How many months after the treaty was signed was Silang assassinated?
Who assassin employed by? Silang
Who returned to normal life?
What happened after the news of the Peace treaty broke out?
who ordered his men to raze Binalatongan
Who won, the spanish or Palaris?
How many years spanned  to rebuild The town of Binalatongan?
What were the men to Palaris that were hanged?
How were Palaris' advisers executed?
How many more games had the Bears won than they had lost in Thanksgiving games?
How many more games had the Packers lost than won in Thanksgiving games?
Which player made the longest touchdown pass?
Which team had the better overall record on Thanksgiving games?
How many total games had the Packers played in on Thanksgiving?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker had more field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points did the Patriots beat the Jaguars by?
How many passes did Brady not complete out of the total that were in the game?
How many points did the Jaguars beat the Steelers by?
How many years was it since their last road playoff win when the Jaguars beat the Steelers?
How many passes did Tom Brady fail to complete in the divisional round game?
Who did the Jaguars play first in the playoffs, the Steelers or the Patriots?
Which team won the game, Jaguars or Patriots?
How many of the 28 passes in the game did Tom Brady not complete?
How many touchdowns did Ronnie Brown have?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Dolphins trail by at the half?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 40 yards?
Who received the most cusom dues, the Empire or the Genoese?
Who collected more custom revenues, Genoa or Constantinople?
What was the greatest income source of the Empire?
How many years did the Byzantine civil war last?
How many more hyperpyra did Genoa collect over Constantinople?
How many total hyperpyra were collected for the Empire from Galata and Constantinople?
How many years did the 1341-1347 civil war last?
How many more  collection of 200,000 hyperpyra did Genoa collect than 30,000 hyperpyra  for Constantinople?
Which year start  the dilapidated state of the Byzantine Empire following the civil war ?
Which was completely destroyed during the civil war?
How many years did the Byzantine Civil War last?
How many years did the Byzantine civil war last?
Which city received less custom revenues from Galata?
How many more hyperpyra did Genoa collect than Constantinople from custom revenues each year?
Which cities collected revenue from Galata?
How many years did the Byzantine Empire civil war last?
Which city collected the larger amount of custom dues, Constantinople or Genoa?
How many more hyperpyra did Genoa collect than Constantinople in custom dues each year?
Which cities collected custom dues from Galata?
What were the two main imperial possessions?
Where did the Byzantine Empire get most of its financial reserves?
How many years was the civil war?
How many more hyperpyra did Genoa colled from annual custom revenues from Galata compared to Constantinople?
How many years after the Treaty of Nymphaeum did the civil war begin?
How many percent of the custom dues passing through the strait were not going to the Empire?
How many points put Houston on the board?
How many points did the Colts have at half time?
How long was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's third field goal over his second?
How many yards were accumulated accounting for all rushing touchdowns during the game?
How many more yards were gained on rushing touchdowns relative to passing touchdowns?
How many more yards were gained on special teams touchdowns relative to all other touchdowns?
How many yards long was the mean value when all offensive touchdowns are taken into account?
How many field goals measured shorter than 30-yards in length?
How many touchdowns measured less than 10-yards in total distance?
How many touchdowns measured between 1-yard and 5-yards in length?
Which team beat the Titans one week before this game?
Which player started off the game score?
What was the result of the game starting kickoff?
Which player scored the last points of the fourth quarter?
Which team held the lead at the end of the first quarter?
How many total field goal yards were made in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the second longest field goal?
Which team scored the longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked least number of field goals?
How many more field goals did Rayner boot than Elam?
Which player had highest average length of field goals?
How many field goals over 37 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was Elams average length of field goals than Rayner's average?
Who had the distinction of kicking both the longest and second longest field goals?
How many TD passes over 19 yards were thrown?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
Which players kicked at most two field goals?
Which players average length of field goals is over 40 yards?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How many total rushing and receiving yards did Priest Holmes have?
Which player scored more field goals, Dave Rayner or Jason Elam?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal over the third longest one?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
Which players field goals were at most 40 yards?
Which players field goals were at least 40 yards?
Which player kicked the longest total yards of field goals?
How many field goals over 37 yards did Rayner kick?
How many yards longer was Elam's average length of field goals over Rayner's average length of field goals?
How many more field goals did Rayner kick than Elam?
Which player threw the shortest TD pass?
How many yards shorter was the shortest TD pass than the longest one?
How many seasons has it been since Holmes started first?
How many yards did Jason Elam get?
How many yards did Dave Rayner get?
how many yards did Elam get back in the lead with?
how many yards did Rayner kick in the second?
how many yards did Selvin young get?
how many yards did nate webster return a fumble?
how many yards did Rayner nail in the third?
How many yards did Jay Cutler complete?
how many points did the chiefs fall behind?
how many games did the chiefs win in a row?
how many yards did Priest Holmes run?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Dave Rayner or Jason Elam?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards longer was Dave Rayner's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many receiving yards did Priest Holmes have?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 49 yards?
Which team scored last in the first half?
Which kicker kicked the least amount of field goals?
How many points total did both teams score?
Which team lost the game?
Who scored the game winning field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who was the leading rusher?
Which player had the most touchdowns in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Bills lose by?
Who had more overall yards, Jackson or Hakeem Nicks?
Which players had more than 100 yards?
how many points were expected out of the giants?
how many points did bills get?
how many yards did manning throw?
how many yards did bradshow record?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many total yards did Royal have on touchdown receptions?
How many yards did Royal gain on each of his touchdown receptions?
How many yards did Donald Brown rush for?
How many field goals did Novak kick?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did San Diego win the game by?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score off of turnovers?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards total were the two interception returns in the game?
Which player had the shortest return touchdown?
How long were Shayne Graham's made field goals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals did Shayne Graham make?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Kurt Warner make?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make than Kurt Warner?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of interception returns for touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest interception return touchdown than the shortest?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's longest touchdown pass than Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards of interception return for touchdowns were there than offensive touchdown passes in the game?
How many yards longer was Graham's first field goal than his second one?
How long were each of the first quarter touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many return touchdowns were there in the game?
How many more passing touchdowns were there than rushing touchdowns?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many interceptions did Antrel Rolle return for touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked from beyond 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown catch?
How many field goals were scored during the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which players second quarter touchdown was longer?
How many more yards was Chicago's fourth quarter field goal than the Lions?
Which team did all the scoring in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
how many yards did forte run?
how many yards did hasselbeck get?
how many yards did hester score with?
Which team was winning after the third quarter of the Thursday night game.
Which team came back from 17 points behind to beat the Panthers last week?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Saints score in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points was Carolina's largest lead?
By how many points were the Panthers ahead at their furthest lead?
How many points more did the winning team have relative to the loser?
How many points were scored in the first three quarters?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Who caught two touchdown passes?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams in the game?
Which player had the first receiving touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the second half?
How many touchdowns in the game were due to passing the ball?
How many more touchdown runs were there compared to passing?
How many yards were ran on touchdown plays?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many field goals did Reed kick?
How many yards did Reed kick for all of his field goals combined?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
At the end of the game how many more games have the Panthers lost compared to won?
How many games in a row does this loss give the Panthers?
Which player was the QB for the Steelers?
How many losses did the Panthers have before this game?
Which player had the longest TD run?
How many yards was the third successful field goal?
Which team scored the most points in the fourth quarter?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown runs made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored more field goals, Jeff Reed or John Kasay?
How many more field goals did Jeff Reed make compared to John Kasay?
How many total field goal yards did Jeff Reed kick?
Which field goals did Jeff Reed make?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Jeff Reed kick?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 30 yards?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown runs were made between 30 and 70 yards?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second TD pass than his first TD pass?
How many yards shorter was Reed's field goal kick than Kasays in the first half?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
How long were each of Jeff Reed's field goals?
How many points did Tampa score?
Which quarterback had a touchdown?
Who scored first
Who scored third quarter?
What quarter did the Buccaneers get their only points?
What quarter did no teams score during?
Who kicked a longer field goal, Jay Feely or Matt Bryant?
How many points did the Giants score during the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player kicked the last field goal, Jay Freely or Matt Bryant?
How many touchdown passes over 5 yards did Eli Manning throw?
How many yards did Eli Manning complete?
How many yards did Tampa Bay get?
How many yards did Feely kick?
How many yards difference was Matt Bryant's field goal compared to Jay Feely's field goal?
How many yards difference was Eli Manning's touchdown pass compared to Brandon Jacobs's touchdown run?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
How many yards was the difference between the shortest touchdown and the longest one?
How many yards was the difference between the shortest field goal and the longest one?
Which quarter had the least scoring plays?
When did the Russian army opened fire in a meeting
Which event happened first, Russia in army opened fire in Tallinn or martial law?
How many people minimum were killed and injured in the street market in Tallinn by the Russian army?
How many years did the tense stability last?
How many maximum people participated in the street market in Tallinn fight?
How many people were killed and injured total?
How many years did the Estonian revolution last?
Were fewer killed or injured in the street market in Tallinn?
How many total people were killed and injured on October 29 when the Russian Army opened fire in a meeting on a street market in Tallinn?
How many people were not killed or injured on October 29, according to the greatest estimate of participants?
How many years was there tense stability?
How many aboriginal casualties were mentioned in Macquarie's 1817 report to Bathurst?
How many months passsed between Cox outlining his plan to Governor Macquarie and Macquarie's report to Bathurst?
How many months after Cox received his first payment did he receive the next one?
How many points were the Broncos leading by at halftime?
How many of Manning's passes were incomplete?
How many touchdown passes were received by Reggie Wayne?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's field goal than Adam Vinatieri's shortest field goal?
How many more yards did Mike Bell run than Joseph Addai?
How many field goals over 30 yards did kicker Adam Vinatieri make?
How many 1 yard rushing tds did Jake Plummer make?
How many players made a 2 point conversion?
How many touchdowns receptions did Reggie Wayne catch?
How many yards did Mike Bell rush for?
Which team scored second?
Who scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the day?
Which two teams played at Qualcomm stadium for an AFC West match?
Who had the 46 yard field goal when the Chargers and the Broncos played?
Who advanced to the 1 yard line after Wolfe blocked Novaks attempt at a field goal?
Why did Osweiler join the game?
What did the Chargers want to pull within at halftime?
What did the Chargers exhaust?
How many field goals did the Broncos kick in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many quarters did Peyton Manning play?
How many fumbles did Philip Rivers have in the game?
How many TD runs did C.J. Anderson have in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many yards was the Broncos longest TD pass of the game?
How many field goals did Barth kick in the game?
Which team did the Broncos play the week before?
Which player got Denver on the board?
How many points were scored on the Chargers first possession?
How many wins does this game give Denver against San Diego for the season?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player had a touchdown reversed?
How many points were scored between both teams combined?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who caught two two-yard touchdown passes?
How long was Rackers final field goal?
How many TDs did the Cardinals have in the whole game?
How many field goals did the Cardinals score?
How many scoring plays in the first half of the game by both teams?
In the first quarter, how many more touchdowns did Arizona score in the first quarter compared to the third?
In the first quarter, how many more touchdowns did Arizona score in the first quarter compared to the fourth?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score total?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks score?
In the first quarter, how many more touchdowns did Arizona score in the first quarter compared to the second?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score in the fourth quarter?
How many more touchdowns did the Cardinals score over the Seahawks?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the third quarter?
Which field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many years would the extra tax last?
How many years had passed since the extra per capita tax was established when people protested against it?
Which type of workers suffered the most from the extra tax?
How many years spanned for these events?
What event happened first, Copenhagen government established an extra tax for twelve years or Strlekrigen?
What event happened first, Strilekrigen, or the extra tax was  abolished in Norway?
What event happened later, Strilekrigen, or the extra tax being abolished in Norway?
What event happened last, Strilekrigen or Copenhagen government establishing extra tax for every person?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Josh Brown make?
How many yards was the longest made field goal?
Who caught the most touchdowns for Seattle?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Brown make than Wilkins?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked by the Lions?
How many yards longer was the 49ers longest field goal compared to the Lions longest?
How did the 49ers score in the second quarter?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored from field goals?
How many field goals did the Lion's kick?
How many field goals did the 49ers kick?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns did Frank Gore score?
Which team won the game?
How many more strikeouts did Johnson have than walks while with the Expos?
How many runs did the Expos score in Johnson's debut game?
How long were each of the field goals in the first half?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
Which players scored touchdowns in the game?
How many yards were all the touchdowns in the game combined?
How many wins did both teams have combined after this game?
What two players kicked field goals in the game?
How many points were scored in the 2nd quarter?
How many yards in field goals did the Lions kick in the game?
How many yards in field goals did the 49ers kick in the game?
How many points did the vikings have at halftime??
How many field goals did John Hall make before halftime?
How many field goals by both teams were there before halftime?
In which quarter did the teams both score the same number of field goals?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which running back had the longest run for a touchdown?
How many more field goal yards did Hall have than Longwell in the second half?
How many more field goal yards did Hall have than Longwell in the first half?
Which team was playing with home field advantage?
Which team scored the first points?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
Which players had the longest scoring play of the game?
Which team would go on to win the game?
How many field goals were there in the first half?
How many field goals were made from 37 yards out?
Which quarter had the most field goals?
How many rushing touchdowns were there in the second half?
Which receiver caught a pass for the most yards?
Which Kicker kicked for the most yards?
How many different receivers did Carson Palmer pass to for a touchdown?
Which quarterback scored the most touchdowns?
Which kicker kicked less field goals in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who caught the longest pass of the game?
Which team had two interceptions?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Broncos score on their opening drive?
What play did Carson Wentz fake on the opening drive?
How many more larger victories at Lincoln Financial Field did the Eagles other than this game?
How many yards was Jay Ajayi's first touchdown with the Eagles?
How many more rushing touchdowns did Corey Clement have than receiving in this game?
How many total wins for the season did Eagles have after this game?
Who had the early lead, Eagles or Broncos?
How many points did the Eagles lead with at halftime?
How many points did the Broncos have at halftime?
How many points in total did the Eagles score this game?
How many points did the Broncos score in total?
Who led at halftime
Who made three same plays in the first half
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
Which player missed the game winning field goal?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest pass?
Which team scored first?
From what yard lines were the two longest field goals scored?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many wins did the Raiders have entering this game?
How many yards was Seattles first touchdown drive?
How many rushing touchdowns did Lynch have in the game?
How many points did Seattle score in the game?
How many points did the Raiders score in the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
From what distance did multiple players score touchdowns?
Which players scored two 1-yard touchdown?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
How many total yards did Lynch have on touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Marshawn Lynch rush for on his touchdown runs?
How many yards were each of Marshawn Lynch's touchdown runs?
How long were each of Steven Hauschka field goals? How many field goals did Steven Hauschka kick?
Which group had less troops, the Bristish or the Spanish?
How many months did the Spanish lay seige to the city?
Which country had less men die?
Which country helped the British by staying out of the fight?
How many more minimum Spanish troops were there than the most amount of British defenders?
Did the spanish troops lay seige on the city or give it up first?
Did the spanish troops lay seige on the city later or give it up?
The number of Brittish fighters increased by about how many?
When did the Spanish quit the siege?
Who was in the Treaty of Vienna?
How many more troops were added by Charles Wager?
Which army lost the least amount of men?
Which army had the most men?
Which army had less than 12000 men?
Who led the Spanish forces when they laid siege to the city?
By how many men did the British troops increase when Wager's fleet arrived?
Who had more troops, Spain, or the British defenders?
How many more men did Span lose than Britain lost?
How many games had the Dolphins lost this season before playing the Jets?
How many games had Thomas Jones played as a Jet before this one?
What type of score was the last one of the game?
Nugent scored his fourth field goal in what quarter of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the most field goals?
How many field goals were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did the Jets score than the Dolphin's scored?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
Which player scored the first Dolphins touchdown?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
What fell La Tremoille from his horse?
Which army commanded louis?
What was Mad War?
How many is the difference in the number of Spanish arquebusiers and the number of Swiss mercenaires?
How many is the difference in the number of Spanish arquebusiers and the number in the Duke of Brittany's army?
How many is the difference in the number of Swiss mercenaries and the number in the Duke of Brittany's army?
How many years were between the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier and the Duke of Brittany's death?
Which leader won the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier?
Who led the French side in the Italian Wars?
How many soldiers was Louis outnumbered by in the Battle of Novara?
Whose decisive victory at the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier ended effective Breton independence?
How many more Swiss mercenaries than army soldiers were there at the Battle of Novara?
How many years passed between the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier & La Trémoille's death in the Battle of Pavia?
Which happened first, the Battle of Pavia or the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier?
Which happened first, the Battle of Novara or the Battle of Marignano?
What was used to kill La Trémoille?
How many more Swiss mercenaries were there than their opposing force at the Battle of Novara?
In what all battles did Louis partake?
How many years after Louis's victory at the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier did he die?
What was the cause of death of Louis?
How many yards was the Orton TD pass?
How many yards did Tebow scramble?
How many yards was the longest Nick Folk field goal?
How many yards shorter was Nick Folk's longest field goal compared to Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many yards was the second longest field goal that was kicked by Matt Prater?
Which quarterback had a 5 yard touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals kicked were over 50 yards?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the game?
Which team did the Texans beat  in week 12?
Which team never played in a Monday night game before this game?
Which player caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many points did both teams combined score in the second quarter?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
Which quarter had the most field goals?
Which team won the game?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
On which day of the week was the game played?
How many times did Kublai try to make Japan submit?
Which two countries were involved in this crisis?
How many times did the Mongols send ambassadors to Japan in total?
How many times did the Mongols send ambassadors to Japan in 1269?
How many sets of emissaries were sent to Japanby 1268?
How many days did the Mongols send demands through Korean emissaries and some Mongol ambassadors?
How many times did the Mongols send demands through Korean emissaries or Mongol ambassadors?
Over how many years did the Mongols send demands through Korean emissaries or Mongol ambassadors?
How many more rebels than police offoicers died in the Uprising?
How many more bystanders than rebels died in the Upriding?
How many more bystanders than police were killed in the Uprising?
What was the Uprising tied to?
How many more people were arrested in Schiffbek than police officers, rebels, and innocent bystanders were killed altogether?
How many people killed  in the uprising had nothing to do with it?
How many people were killed?
How many people were injured and killed total?
Which group claimed more deaths, the police officers or bystanders?
About how many people were injured or killed in the uprising altogether?
Of the dead how many were either police officers or rebels?
How many people were killed and injured total?
How many more people were injured than killed?
Which group of people lost more lives, police officers, rebels or innocent bystanders?
Which group of people lost the least number of lives, police officers or rebels?
How many more innocent bystanders than police officers were killed?
How many more rebels than police officers were killed?
How many people people were arrested than killed and injured combined?
How many points was more in the score after the 34 yard field goal?
How many points was less in the score after the 34 yard field goal?
How many points was more in the score after the 48 yard field goal?
How many points was less in the score after the 48 yard field goal?
How many points did the seahawks score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bengals have at the end?
How many points did the seahawks score?
How many players were involved in the 10-0 lead?
How many yards total were involved in the sealed victory with Brandon Tate and Reggie Nelson?
How many points were scored by the Bengals in the 4th quarter?
How was the ball received in longest run that resulted in a touchdown?
How many yards difference was Mike Nugent’s first field goal compared to his second field goal?
How many times did the Bengals return touchdowns for interceptions?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns over 50 yards?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many yards did Brandon Tate and Reggie Nelson gain on fourth quarter touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Reggie Nelson's touchdown when compared to Mike Nugent's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's longest field goal when compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Reggie Nelson's longest touchdown when measured against Brandon Tate's longest?
How many yards of differential exhist between the first field goal and the first touchdown scored?
How many total yards were gained on the first touchdown scored and the first field goal converted?
How many yards in total were gained on the two longest touchdowns of the game?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring longer than 50-yards in length?
How many yards long does the mean value of all touchdowns scored measure?
How many yards were accumulate don field goals measuring between 30-yards and 50-yards in length?
How many ayrds of differential are there between the distances of the two longest field goals relative to the longest touchdown?
What year did the events begin?
How many years did the events take place?
Which was captured by Sweden earlier, the Båhus Fortress or Hamar?
How many provinces did Sweden occupy in 1564?
How many more peasants were there than the soldiers that they had to assist?
How many years passed between the Swedes marching under Claude Collart and marching through the valley Østerdalen?
Which was captured first, Hamar or Akershus Fortress?
Which happened first, being repelled from Oslo or repelled from Trøndelag?
What city did the Swedes burn?
How many cities did the Swedes re-occupy in 1564?
When did the Swedes capture Hamar?
After the Swedes re-occupied Jemtland in 1564, how many years did they control it before it was regained by Denmark-Norway?
How many years did the Swedes control Jamtland and Harjedalen?
How many fewer soldiers did Rosenkrantz have than the Swedes?
Which city did Sweden capture first, Hamar or the Bahus Fortress?
Which cities were captured by the Swedes when they marched under Claude Collart?
How many were the 3500 local peasants forced to help?
Which cities were torched by the Swedes?
Which had a bigger army, Erik Rosenkrantz or the Swedish army?
Which cities had men fighting for Erik Rosenkrantz?
How many years after the Swedes marched under Claude Collart and re-occupied Jemtland were provinces regained by Denmark-Norway following the peace process?
How many total points were scored in the second quarter by both teams?
How many interceptions did Peyton Manning throw in the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Oakland lose by?
How many field goals of 50 yards or more were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Brandon McManus make?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski score in the first quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which player intercepted Manning's pass in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski attempt but fail to score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did McManus have compared with Janikowski?
How many total yards did McManus have?
How many of Janikowski's field goals were unsuccessful?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Who made the longest touchdown play?
Are the Bears and the Titans in the same conference?
Who did Justin Gage play for before?
What was the score going into halftime?
How many games did the Bears beat the Lions so far this season?
How many losses had the Titans had coming into this game?
How many points did the Bears get on the board with?
How many points did both teams score combined?
How many points did the Titans win by?
Who scored first
When did Tennessee pull ahead
Which quarter had a rushing and passing touchdown, Grossman or Collins?
Who had the longest reception of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first two quarters?
How many more touchdown passes did Kerry Collins have compared to Rex Grossman?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns under 10 yards were scored?
How many first quarter touchdowns did the Bears have?
How many yards was LenDale White's touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
When was the last time Abdali invaded the Mughal Empire?
What city was captured by Abdali in 1750?
Which city was captured first by Abdali, Herat or Nishapur?
How many times Abdali invaded the Mughal Empire?
Who was forcing to take possession of Herat?
Afghan forces captured Mashhad how many years after Abdali crossed the Indus River?
In how many years did it take for Abdali to invade the Mughal Empire 7 times?
What relation was Shah Rukh to Nader Shah?
Who invaded India
When did Afghans take Herat
How many years did Abdali's invasions of the Mughal Empire last?
Which was crossed first, the Khyber pass or the Indus River?
Which was taken first, Peshawar or Lahore?
How many years after crossing the Khyber pass did the city of Herat fall?
How many years after the fall of Herat were Nishapur and Mashhad captured?
How many percent of people in the census defined themselves as white or black?
How many percent of the household population did not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
What ethnic group had a higher number of residents in the census, Asians or Native Americans?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
Which group from the census is larger: White or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or Native American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or two or more races?
Which race was more than double that of the African American population?
Was the household size or family size larger?
Which race made up the smallest percentage?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent were not  homes with children under the age of 18?
How many percent are not married couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Which races each made up less than 10% of the population?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not black or African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
By how many points did the Falcons win?
Which player ran more yards, Devonta Freeman or Julio Jones?
How many passes did Julio Jones catch?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many touchdowns did Devonta Freeman score?
How many points were made on the first score?
How many points at most were scored without the other team scoring?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Who scored first in the second quarter?
Who got a  33 yard touch down run?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards was Philip Rivers second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did Philip Rivers throw on his touchdown passes?
How many yards difference exists between Nate Kaeding's longest and shortest field goal?
Which player caught the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Ladainian Tomlinson have in the first half?
From which yard lines did Tomlinson have two touchdowns?
What was the second longest touchdown pass?
What players had multiple touchdown throws?
How many rushing touchdowns did Tomlinson have in the game?
How many yards was Alex Smith's shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards off of touchdowns did Tomlinson have?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Philip Rivers have?
How many field goal between 40 and 45 were kicked in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many touchdowns between 30 and 60 yards were made?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
Which team beat Pittsburgh in week 5?
How many yards was the second TD of the game?
Which player scored the first points for the Chargers?
Which player scored the first points for the Steelers?
Which player scored the second points for the Chargers?
Which team failed to score in the second half?
How many wins did the Chargers come into this game at?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals did Kaeding score in the third quarter?
How many five yard TD runs did Tomlinson have all game?
How many total yards did Kaeding's second half field goals add up to?
How many TD's under 6 yards did Tomlinson score all game?
Which came first, the marriage of Sailisbury's second son or Warwik's fued with Somerset?
How many years was it from the time that the Nevilles were given access to the ex-Percy manors of Wressle and Burwell to the time of the outbreak of violence?
How many years were between the time that the Cromwell and Neville familes were joined by marriage and the outbreak of violence?
What year was the grant that gave two-thirds of the ex-Percy manors to Cromwell converted?
Which happened first, the forfeiting of the manors, or granting of manors to Cromwell?
What happened first, the Cromwell and Neville marriage, or the seize of Cromwell's manor?
What year was the manors of Wressle and Burwell grant converted into one in fee simple to further reduce the likelihood of the Percys reclaiming it?
How many years after manors of Wressle and Burwell, two-thirds of which had each been granted to Cromwell for life was Lord Cromwell's manor of Wressle, Yorkshire, was seized by the Percys following the joining of the Cromwell and Neville families in marriage?
How many years after the manors had been forfeited in 1403 by the first earl of Northumberland were the Nevilles given access to the manors of Wressle and Burwell, two-thirds of which had each been granted to Cromwell for life?
Who was Maud Stanhope's first husband?
What widow did Thomas Neville marry?
What was Thomas Neville's father?
What year was the grant converted into one fee simple?
How many points were the Falcons ahead at halftime?
What was the score at the end of the second quarter?
After this game, how many wins did the Lions have?
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many wins did the Lions have after this game?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
Who were injured more, policemen or firemen?
What happened last, attack on Home minister's house or the Rice riots?
How many years did these events start for?
When did the Era of Popular Violence begin?
How many, in percent, of police boxes were not destroyed or damaged?
Which occurred last, the collapse of Prime Minister Katsura Tarō's cabinet or the Rice riots?
Besides buildings what else was destroyed?
How many people were killed or injured all together?
How many other cities were set off by the events taking place in Tokyo?
How many different kinds of nonviolent events did the events in Japan stimulate?
How many months did the nonviolent events take place?
How many years passed from the collapse of Prime Minister Katsura Tarō's cabinet to the beginning of the rice riots?
How many percent of police boxes were not destroyed?
Where more people killed or injured?
What did angry mobs destroy in the city?
Were more people killed or injured?
How many more policemen were injured than firemen and civilians?
How many years after the collapse of Prime Minister Katsura Tarō's cabinet did the violence culminate in the Rice riots?
How many more policeman were injured compared to firemen?
How many years separated the two periods of the two truces of the Forty Years' war?
How many years was the war in total?
How many were the years of truce in total?
Which one of the kingdoms spoke Burmese, the Kingdom of Ava or the Kingdom of Hanthawaddy Pegu?
Out of the two truces that interrupted the Forty Years' war, how many years did the longest truce last?
How many named regions was the Forty Years' War fought in?
How many years did the war last?
How many countries were involved in the 40 year war?
Which countries were involved in the 40 year war?
How many separate times was the war fought
How many locations was it fought?
How many states was it fought in?
Which states was Forty year war was fought in?
Which side won the war?
How many countries kept their independence?
How many total years were the two truces combined?
How many years of fighting were there combined?
Who was the war fought between?
How many years of fighting were there between the two truces?
Which team got the early lead in the game?
How many points did the Lions score before Indianapolis scored anything?
How many yards was Theo's first TD?
How many points did the Lions wins the game by?
How many touchdowns did Riddick have?
How many passes did Doyle receive?
How many touchdowns did Doyle score?
How many field goals did Vinatieri have?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Lions leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
Which team played the Packers in week 9?
How many points did Buffalo score in the first quarter?
How many losses did the BIlls come into this game with?
Which team did the Packers play week 9?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the game?
Which team won the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many years transpired between when the Silang Revolt began and ended?
What did Diego Silang's wife come to be known by?
What was the latter year for the Silang Revolt?
On what 1/12 of a year did Diego Silang declared the independence of Ilocandia?
How many years did the Silang Revolt last?
How many years were between the beginning of the Silang Revolt and when Diego Silang declared the independence of llocandia?
How many years were between When Diego Silang declared the independence of llocandia and the end of the Silang Revolt?
How many years were between the beginning of the Silang Revolt and when Gabriela Silang was executed?
How many years was it between the end of the Silang Revolt and when Gabriela Silang was executed?
How many years was it between when Diego Silang declared the independence of llocanda and Gabriela Silang was executed?
How many months after her husband's death was Gabriela Silang executed?
Miguel Vicos was instructed to kill his friend by whom?
How many years did the Silang Revolt last?
What happened first: naming the Ilocandia state "Free Ilocos" or Silang Revolt?
What happened second: naming the Ilocandia state "Free Ilocos" or Silang Revolt?
Why didn't Diego Silang help the British fight the Spanish?
Who died first, Gabriela or Diego?
How many days passed between the death of Diego Silang and Gabriela Silang?
How many days did it take between declaring the independence of Ilocandia and Diego's execution?
How many days after Diego Silang declared independence of Ilocandia did he die?
Who was Gabriela Silang's husband?
Whose wife was dubbed the "Joan of Arc of the Ilocos?"
How many months after her husband did Gabriela Silang die?
How many days after her husband did Gabriela Silang die?
Whose husband did Miguel Vicos kill?
Who did Keenum suffer his concussion playing against?
When did the Rams make their only score?
How long was the Rams losing streak after the loss?
How many percent of households did not have children under the age of 18 living with them as of the 2010 data?
How many percent of the households did not have someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Was the number of households more or less than 29,000?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
which household was most common?
Which household groups each made up more than 20% of the population but less than 30% of the population?
How many household groups each made up more than 30% of the population?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
which household was least common?
Which type of households were there more of, those Marriage living together or non-families?
How many more households were there that were Married living together compared to those that had a female household with no husband present?
Which was larger, the average household size or the average family size?
How many more per people were in the average family size compared to the average household size?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many sacks did the Giants defense have?
Which quarterback threw for fewer yards?
How many passes of Carr were incomplete?
What was the final play
How many wins did the Rams have before this game?
How many touchdown rushes did Todd Gurley run for?
Which team scored more points in the second half?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total points were scored?
Which team had the lead at halftime?
Who kicked the games longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many field goals did the Cardinals score in the second half?
How many years were between the killing in Dumfries and when Bruce came out of hiding?
How many years were between when Bruce came out of hiding and the Battle of Bannockburn?
How many years were between the Battle of Bannockburn and when Edward II of England was deposed?
How many years were between when Edward II of England was deposed and the killing in Dumfries?
How many years was it between when the Tready of Edinburgh-Northampton was signed and when Edward II of England was deposed?
How many years was it between when the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton was signed and when Bruce came out of hiding?
How many years was it between the Battle of Bannockburn and when the Declaration of Arbroah was sent by nobles?
How many years was it between when Robert Bruce was crowned king and the Battle of Bannockburn?
How many years was it between when Robert Bruce came out of hiding and the Battle of Bannockburn?
How many years was it between the Battle of Bannockburn and when the the Declaration of Arbroath was sent by nobles?
How many years was it between when Robert Bruce was crowned king and when the Declaration of Arbroah was sent by nobles?
How many total declarations were sent declaring Scottish independence?
What happened first, the invasion of the North of England or the Battle of Bannockburn?
Who began a new campaign to free his kingdom?
Who was crowned as King Robert I of Scotland?
How many similar declarations were also sent by the clergy and Robert I
Who was defeated in battle?
Who was Robert Bruce?
How many years after the killing in Dumfries did Bruce come out of hiding?
Which happened later, the killing in Dumfries or the death of Edward I?
Which Edward of England died first, Edward I or Edward II?
What effect did the travel report have on the Dutch?
Why did the Verenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie want to re-establish the spice trade?
What was Cornelis de Houtman's job?
How many years passed between the founding of the English East India Company and the Dutch East India Company?
How many years passed between the capture of the Madre de Deus and the founding of the English East India Company?
How many countries had merchandise aboard the Madre de Deus?
Which happened first, the capture of the Madre de Deus, or the arrival of Cornelis de Houtman in Lisbon?
Which was founded first, the English East India Company, or the Dutch East India Company?
How many years apart were the English East India Company and the Dutch East India Company founded?
How many different areas were included in the published report on how to navigate ships?
How many years after founding the English East India Company was the Dutch East India Company founded?
Which companies were founded in 1602?
How many countries was the merchandise from found by the English fleet?
How many companies were established in 1600 and beyond?
How many years did these events span?
Which event happened first, the presidential election or Vicini Burgos assuming the provisional presidency?
What event happened later, Harding campaigning against the occupations of both Haiti and the Dominican Republic, or the presidential election?
How many months after Warren G. Harding succeeded Wilson was the Harding Plan presented?
How many years after the Harding Plan was first presented was an agreement allowing for a provisional president to rule until elections in the Dominican Republic made?
How many months was it between an agreement allowing for a provisional president to be appointed and Juan Bautista Vicini Burgos assuming the provisional presidency?
How many years was the provisional president in charge for?
Who was the first elected president of the Dominican Republic?
Who was president first, Harding or Wilson?
Who agreed for the selection of a provisional president to rule until elections could be organized?
How many years after Juan Bautista Vicini Burgos  assumed the provisional presidency did the presidential election take place?
Who lost the presidential election in 1924?
Who were the candidates int he presidential election of 1924?
Were there more households or housing units in the county?
How many more households than families were there?
Which race had the least amount of people?
Which group has more people African American or White?
How many more percent of people are in the Asian group than the American Indian group?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American American?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
Which group in the census from the county is bigger: white or American Indian?
Which group in the census from the county is fewer: white or American Indian?
Which group in the census from the county is bigger: black or Asian?
Which group in the census from the county is fewer: black or Asian?
Which group in the census from the county is bigger: Germans or English?
Which group in the census from the county is fewer: Germans or English?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not American indian?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not from other races?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent of people were not Germans?
How many percent of people were not Irish?
How many percent of people were not English?
How many percent of people were not Americans?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many receiving yards did Martin have?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Colts win by?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won this game?
How many total points did the Colts lead with in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first quarter?
How many times did Indianapolis score in the first half?
How many points were the Texans trailing by at halftime?
Who refused to appoint him commander of Namur?
Who was appointed as the commander of Namur?
Who refused a position as Major-General?
Which area was strengthened, the 'inner' Citadel or the 'outer' City area?
Where was his garrison of 5000 too small for the active defense he had planned?
/When was Van Coehoorn was present at the capture?
When did Van Coehoorn refused Frederick of Prussia the position he offered him?
Namur was divided into the city and what else?
How many years after being offered a position as Major-General was Van Coehoorn appointed commander of Namur?
Which area of Namur failed to be strengthened as the inner Citadel took priority?
Fort William and La Casotte are part of what city?
Which happened first, the capture of Kaiserswerth or Van Coehoorn's appointment to Namur?
How many years after the Nine Years War started was Kaiserswerth and Bonn captured?
How many years after the capture of Kaiserswerth and Bonn did William appoint Van Coehoorn commander of Namur?
How many years after the outbreak of the Nine Years War did the capture of Kaiserswerth and Bonn occur?
How many years after Van Coehoorn participated in the capture of Kaiserswerth and Bonn was he appointed commander of Namur?
How many parts was Namur divded into for a defensive strategy?
Who was offered a position as Major-General?
How many more percent of the population was white than black?
Which  race has the smallest percentage in the county, Irish or German?
How many more percentage of Germans than Irish in the county?
How many more people than families residing in the county?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Americans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Americans?
Where there more families or households in the county?
What was the highest racial population in the county?
What population was higher, white or Asian?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 6%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many more people are there than households?
What all had a higher percentage of racial  in the US census 2010 Asian?
How many more percentage did the white race have than other races in population density?
Which ancestry had the smallest percentage in 2010?
What ancestries were higher than the English?
How many more people in 2010 census than families residing in the county?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 6%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 6%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first quarter?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning throw in the fourth quarter?
Which players kicked field goals in the first quarter?
How many field goals of less than 30 yards did Hauschka kick?
Which players threw touchdown passes of over 20 yards?
How many yards was the last touchdown of the game?
What player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many more field goals were kicked compared to touchdowns.
Who scored only one touchdown?
How many more touchdowns did Hillman have compared to Lacy?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which team is Manning on?
How many points did Hillman score in the first half?
How many points did the Packers score in the first quarter?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many points were The Broncos ahead by at the half?
How many first half touchdowns did Ronnie Hillman score?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were kicked?
How many more points did the Broncos score in the first half compared to the Packers?
Which player scored the most points in the first half?
How many more touchdowns did Ronnie Hillman score in the first half compared to Eddie Lacy?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal?
Which kicker kicked the least field goals?
How many yards longer was Brandon McManus' first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's field goal compared to  Brandon McManus' first field goal?
How many points did the Broncos score in the third and fourth quarters combined?
How many points did the Packers score in the third and fourth quarters combined?
How many points did The Packers lose by?
How many field goals were over 24 yards?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was McManus first field goal over his second?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many points did both teams combined score at halftime?
How many losses did Carolina have coming into this game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
how many points did carolina win by?
how many points did carolina fall behind by?
Who had an injury
Who punted
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in the first half?
How many points did the 49ers receive in the second half?
How many game losing streak was this for the 49ers?
How many games did the Patriots win before this game?
Who scored first in the second half?
HOw many points did the 49ers score all game?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Patriots or 49ers?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Gostkowski's longest field goal than Phil Dawson's longest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Tom Brady make?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which quarterback had the shortest touchdown scored?
How many extra points were missed in the game?
How many points did each team combine for?
How many points was the point differential between both teams?
How many yards did LeGarrette Blount average over the course of the game?
How many players were ahead of Tom Brady on the career win leaderboard?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
When did the Ossetian peasants rise in rebellion?
What happened first: the February Revolution or formation of National Council of Ossetians?
What happened second: the February Revolution or formation of National Council of Ossetians?
Which happened first, the Georgian People's Guard regained control of Tskhinvali or the National Council of Ossetians convened in Java?
Which person was a Ossetian officer, Valiko Jegeli or Kosta Kaziev?
Which group refused to pay taxes to Transcaucasian government, the Georgians or the Ossetian peasants?
How many days did it take the Georgian People's Guard to regained the control of Tskhinvali?
Who said "These traitors should be cruelly punished. There is no other way?"
Who called the Ossestians the "worst and most relentless enemies?"
Who began to rebel?
How many months after the February Revolution of 1917 did the Ossetians set up a National Council of Ossetians which convened in Java ?
How many days after the Ossetian peasants rose in rebellion did the fighting culminate in Tskhinvali?
How many days did it take the Georgian People's Guard to regain control of Tskhinvali?
How many touchdowns did Green Bay score in the first half?
Which player threw an interception?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many yards did the giants throw?
How many yards did Eli Manning throw?
How many lead changes were there in the final 5 minutes?
Which group of commuters in 2009 was the largest in Dallas, carpooling or transit?
Which three commuter groups made up less than 4% in 2009?
Which commuters made up the largest amount of commuters in 2009, those that drive to work alone or those that ride transit?
Which year had the most commuters taking transit, 2009 or 2015?
In which two years were the amount of people walking the same?
Which year saw less people cycling, 2009 or 2015?
How many less cars does Dallas average than the national average?
How many years had over 3% of commuters using transit?
Which form of commuting was least popular in Dallas in 2009?
Which form of commuting was the most popular both in 2009 and 2015?
How many more Dallas commuters carpool instead of use transit?
How many commuters drive alone instead of carpool?
How many commuters carpool instead of ride transit?
How many more commuters walk than cycle?
How many percentage points did Dallas households having a car decrease from 2015 to 2016?
In 2016, how many more percentage points higher is the rate of lacking a car in Dallas than it is nationally?
How many in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 didn't drive to work alone?
How many in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 didn't carpool?
How many in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 didn't use transit?
How many in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 didn't use walking?
How many in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 didn't use cycling?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is larger: carpooling or transit?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is smaller: carpooling or transit?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is larger: carpooling or walking?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is smaller: carpooling or walking?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is larger: carpooling or cycling?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is smaller: carpooling or cycling?
Which group in percent of commuters in Dallas in 2009 is larger: transit or cycling?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't drive to work alone in 2009?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't ride transit in 2009?
How many percent of Dallas commuters don't ride transit?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't drive to work alone in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't carpool in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't ride transit in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't walk to work in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't walk to work in 2009?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't cycle to work in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas commuters didn't cycle to work in 2009?
How many percent of Dallas households had a car in 2015?
How many percent of Dallas households had a car in 2016?
Which year showed more of Dallas' population driving to work alone, 2009 or 2015?
How many percent fewer of commuters drove alone in 2015 than did in 2009?
By how many percent did cycling increase from 2009 to 2015?
Did more households have a car in 2015 or in 2016?
How many percent more people in Dallas had a car than the national average in 2016?
Which team did the Steelers lose to the previous week?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
Which team was leading at halftime?
Which team attempted an onside kick?
Which running back rushed for over 200 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
In which quarter were the most field goals?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Shaun Suisham or Ryan Succop?
How many more field goals did Shaun Suisham make over Ryan Succop?
How many total field goal yards did  Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards are the two shortest field goals combined?
Which field goals did  Shaun Suisham make?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards shorter was Shaun Suisham's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 10 yards?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Which player scored the first defensive touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the first offensive touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback threw the first interception?
Which kicker made the shortest field goal in the first two quarters?
How many yards did field goals combine for in the first two quarters?
How many field goals of less than 30-yards were converted in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the first field goal compared to the first touchdown?
What was the first defensive touchdown scored?
What was the first field goal scored that was shorter than 30-yards long?
What was the first touchdown scored that was shorter than 10-yards long?
How many yards were scored on touchdowns during the first two quarters?
Which player scored the longest touchdown pass of the first two quarters?
How many times did teams score during the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes were thrown during the first half?
How many points were the Titans leading by at halftime?
Which team did not score during the third quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Did the Titans score more points in the first quarter or the 2nd quarter?
Did both teams in total score more points in the first quarter or the 2nd quarter?
Did the Steelers score fewer points in the first quarter or the 2nd quarter?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the second longest in the first half?
Did both teams in total score more points in the 1st and 2nd quarters or the 3rd and 4th quarters?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were between 3 and 15 yards long?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Nate Washington have compared to yards in field goals by Shaun Suisham?
How many wins did the Falcons have after beating the Redskins?
Who threw the longest pass?
What was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the farthest TD?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
How many yardage total did Akers kick in the game?
How many times did Akers kick a field goal in the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Who had the longest scoring play of the game?
What quarter did the Eagles get ahead?
What was Akers longest field goal?
Who made the shorest field goal of the whole game?
Who is the kicker for the Titans?
How many field goals were kicked during the second quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the second quarter?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were there?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many more total field goal yards did David Akers make than Rbo Bironas?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than David Bironas' longest field goal?
How many 46-yard field goals did David Akers kick?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Kerry Collins make?
How many yards longer was Kerry Collins' longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Kerry Collins' longest touchdown pass than Kevin Kolb's longest touchdown pass?
How many years did it take for the Mongol Empire to conquer the Qara Khitai?
How many years after the Mongol Empire conquered the Qara Khitai did they invade the Khwarazmian Empire?
Which happened later, the death of Kuchlug or the conquering of the Qara Khitai by the Mongol Empire?
Who ultimately held control over Almaliq?
Which happened later, the death of Kuchlug or the Qara Khitai war with the Khwarazmian dynasty?
How many years did it take the Mongol Empire to conquer Qara Khitai?
Whose force was defeated?
What happened first, the invasion of the Khwarazmian Empire or the defeat of Qara Khitai?
How many years did it take the Mongol Empire to conquer the Qara Khitai?
Which happened first, war with the Khwarazmian dynasty, or the invasion by the Mongols?
Which happened first, the rebellions agains Kuchlug, or his capture by hunters?
How many years passed between the defeat of the Qara Khitai and the invasion of the Khwarazmian Empire?
How many years did it take the Mongol Empire to conquer the Qara Khitai?
Who did the Qara Khitai fight first, the Mongol Empire or the Khwarazmian dynasty?
Who made the first attack, the Qara Khitai or the Mongol Empire?
How many years did Mongol Empire conquer the Qara Khitai 1216-1218 AD?
Who was the leader of the group that beheaded Kuchlug?
Who led the group that conquered the Qara Khitai in the years 1216-1218 AD?
Wincenty Korwin Gosiewski with how many Lithuanian and Crimean Tartar cavalry overran a Brandenburgian-Swedish force in the Battle of Prostken in Ducal Prussia?
Gosiewski ravaged Ducal Prussia for what reason?
How many was the minimum count of Lithuanian and Crimean Tartar that were sent on October 8th?
How many was the maximum count of Lithuanian and Crimean Tartar that were sent on October 8th?
When did the Brandenburgian-Swedish army defeat the Polish-Lithuanian army in the Battle of Warsaw?
Who won the Battle of Warsaw?
How many more towns were burnt down than villages?
What happened first: Battle of Warsaw or Casimir stormed Łęczyca?
What happened second: Battle of Warsaw or Casimir stormed Łęczyca?
What happened first: Casimir retreated to Lublin or Gosiewski was defeated by Swedish?
What happened second: Casimir retreated to Lublin or Gosiewski was defeated by Swedish?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many in percent in the county weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent in the county weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent in the county weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent in the county weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent in the county weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which age group in percent from the county is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group in percent from the county is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group in percent from the county is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group in percent from the county is larger: under the age of 18 or 45 to 64?
Which age group in percent from the county is smaller: under the age of 18 or 45 to 64?
Which gender group from the county is larger: females or males?
Which age group was the second biggest?
Which age group was the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were 25 years or older?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were 44 years old or younger?
Were more people 45 or older, or 24 and younger?
Were more people between 25 to 44 or 45 and older?
Were more of the people in the county under the age of 18, or aged between 18 and 24?
Which age categories were measured?
How many fewer percent of people were aged 45 to 64 than 25 to 44?
How many more females were there than males, per 100 residents of the county?
Which age groups each individually made up between 23 to 25.9% of the county's population?
Which groups in percent are larger than 18%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many percent of the population was over 18?
How many percent of the population was under 65?
How many percent of the population was under the age of 25?
How many percent of the population was 45 and older?
Which age group had the most people in it?
Which age group had the least amount of people in it?
Which age group had more people, from 18 to 24 or from 25 to 44?
Which age group had fewer people from 18 to 24 or from 45 to 64?
Were there more females or males?
Which age groups each made up more than 20% of the population?
What was the higher cause of death among Japanese troops - wounds or disease?
Which army had fewer deaths from disease - Russian or Japanese?
How many more Japanese died of disease than Russians?
How did many sea men die?
How many died in Russian army
How many dead total
How many more Japanese Army died from wounds or combat were there than those who died from disease?
How many more was the maximum estimate of Japanese wounded than the minimum?
How many of the maximum 170,000 deaths were not Chinese?
How many of the maximum 170,000 deaths were Japanese soldiers?
How many more Russians were said to have died from disease maximum than the Japanese?
How did a number of Japanese Army die in the war?
How many more men of the Russian army were captured than died of disease?
How many total of the Japanese Army died in combat or wounds as well as casualties from disease?
Which army suffered more deaths because of disease, Russian or Japanese?
How many more, considering only the low range of estimates, of Japanese Army dead in combat or died of wounds than Russian Army?
How many more, considering only the high range of estimates, of Japanese Army dead in combat or died of wounds than Russian Army?
How many more, considering only the high range of estimates, of Japanese Army died of  from disease, than Russian Army?
Who appointed Forbes?
How many years after Sténio Vincent was ected president did Hooverlose his presidency to Franklin D. Roosevelt?
How many years after the last contingent of US Marines depart Haiti did the US finally stop influencing Haiti's external finances?
How many years passed between Roosevelt affirming the disengagement agreement and when the last Marines left?
How many years after the 1933 disengagement agreement did the US still have financial influence on Haiti?
What was Roosevelt's job after being Assistant Secretary of the Navy?
How many years did the U.S Marines retain influence on Haiti's external finances?
Who was the first president, Hoover or Franklin D. Roosevelt?
How many years after Sténio Vincent was elected President did Roosevelt visit Cap-Haïtien?
how many yards did michael spulock start off with?
How many points did the jets fall?
what decrease in popularity
what fixed out of sunday
Which QB had two turnovers?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many more losses than wins did the Jets have after this game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which happened first, the formation of the Quadruple Alliance of Britain, Austria, the Dutch Republic and Saxony, or the death of Charles VII?
Which occirred first, the death of Charles VII, or the Peace of Füssen?
Which event happened first, the Treaty of Warsaw or the death of Charles VII?
What happened first, the Treaty of Warsaw or the Peace of Füssen?
Which occurred first, the formation of the Quadruple Alliance or the Peace of Füssen?
How many days had passed from the formation of the Quadruple Alliance and the Peace of Füssen?
How many great battles happened in 1745?
How many countries were in the Quadruple Alliance?
Who was born second: Charles VII or Maximilian III of Bavaria?
What happened first: formation of the Quadruple Alliance or Peace of Füssen?
How many months passed between the formation of the Quadruple Alliance and the Peace of Füssen?
How many countries were in the Quadruple Alliance?
What happened first, the Treaty of Warsaw, or the death of Charles VII?
Which happened first, the forming of the Tercio de Extranjeros or the Tragic Week?
How many (in percentage) of the Foreign Legion in 1919 were actually Spanish?
Who was the regiment's second commander?
How many years after the Tragic Week of 1909 was the Spanish Legion formed?
Who provided the elite forces that won Spain the war?
Which was formed first, The Spanish Legion or the Spanish Foreign Legion?
How many years after the Tragic Week of 1909 did the Spanish government try to raise as many Regulare units as possible to avoid further working class resistance to colonial wars?
What was notable about Paea sacking McNabb in the end zone?
By how many points was the game won?
Who won the game?
Who was in possesion of the ball at the start of the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How long was the longest touchdown?
Who received the longest pass of the game?
What was the halftime score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bears win the game by?
How many funding periods will there be for Indonesia to achieve their strategic goal of MEF?
How many years will it take to achieve Indonesia's stretegic goal of MEF?
What will the most funds be used for during the MEF funding periond of 2010-2014?
Which was more money to be spent on, procure major weapons systems or procurement?
Which was less money to be spent on, procurement or maintenance and repair?
How many more billions of dollars will be used for the Minimum Essential Force procurement than maintenance and repair?
How many more billions of dollars will be spent to procure major weapons systems than on maintenance and repair?
How many years does each strategic plan cross?
How many years did these events span for?
Around how many months did these events span for?
What group had their stronghold on the island of Basilan in January 2002?
How many months after JSOTF-P disbanded did American forces continue to operate in the Philippines under the name "PACOM Augmentation Team"?
How many months after the Joint Special Operations Task Force - Philippines disband did American forces continue to operate in the Philippines under the name "PACOM Augmentation Team"?
How many years after American forces ended operating in the Philippines under the names "PACOM Augmentation Team" did American operations within the Philippines against terrorist get renamed Operation Pacific Eagle?
How many years did American forces operate in the Philippines?
How many years total was the last Mon rebellion flare up?
How many years in total did the Mon rebellions flare up?
How many centuries did the Mon rebellions happen in?
How many Mon rebellions occured between 1762 and 1826?
Was the last king of Hanthawaddy executed before or after the Forty Years' War?
Who was usually the winning side, the Burmese-speaking north or the Mons in the south?
How many years passed between the first and second Mon rebellions?
How many years were there in the shortest span between any two of the many Mon rebellions in the 1760-1826 period?
In what year did the final Mon rebellion begin?
How many years after King Anawrahta's conquest of the south was the last king of Hanthawaddy was publicly humiliated and executed?
For how many years did the longest Mon rebellion last?
How many Mon rebellions flared up between 1762 and 1826?
How many years passed between King Anawrahta's conquest of the south and the last king of Hanthawaddy being executed?
How many different Mon rebellions flared up?
How many years after the 1792 rebellion did the last rebellion flare up?
How many years total did Mon rebellions still flare up starting in 1762?
How many years after King Anawrahta's conquest of the south was the last king of Hanthawaddy publically humiliated and executed?
How many more electric bicycles were sold in 2005 than in 2004?
How many electric bicycles were exported from China in 2006?
In 2006, how much did electric bicycles exports contribute to the Chinese economy?
Which years saw electric bicycle sales of 10 million or more?
Which player scored the first touchdown, Owen Daniels or Rashard Mendenhall?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the first touchdown run of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more million barrels of oil was Japan producing per year in 1943 than it captured from retreating Allied forces during the initial conquest?
How many more millions of barrels of oil was Japan able to get production in the Dutch East Indies from the initial conquest to 1943?
How many touchdowns did Andy Dalton throw?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many days did the Easter Rising last?
How many days did the official programme of centenary events in 2016 take place?
What happened last, the Easter Rising or the Republic of Ireland Act?
How many days did the Easter Rising last?
How many days did the Easter Rising take?
How many years spanned these events?
How many days did the Easter Rising last?
Which happened last, the Republic of Ireland Act or the Easter Rising?
How many days did the Easter Rising last?
How many days did the Easter Rising last for?
What day of the week is the parade held on?
How many years after the Easter Rising did the Republic of Ireland Act 1948 take place?
How many total days was the Easter Rising?
How many days did the Easter Rising last in April?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
how many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards long were the two longest touchdowns?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards long were the two longest field goals?
How many yards long were the two shortest field goals?
From what yard line did both kickers kick a field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
Which players scored a 2-yard touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 20 yards, but shorter than 30 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards, but shorter than 40 yards?
How many total yards were the first touchdowns by each team?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Mare make than Feely?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
Which player scored the second-longest touchdown?
Which players had touchdown runs in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 10 yards?
How many touchdowns over 50 yards were scored?
Which team defeated the Browns?
Which team dominated the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Bengals beat the Browns by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals score in the 2nd half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
What position did Manziel fill in for McCown?
What was the result of the Browns fist possession?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
How many games did the Saints win in game 11?
What team scored in the first quarter?
Which team had the lead at the half?
How many touchdowns did Edwards score?
How many passes did Winslow catch?
How many field goals did Dawson make?
How many touchdowns did Daniels make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's field goal kick than Phil Dawson's longest?
Which player kicked the most field goals of the game?
Which quarter did not have a field goal kick?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which player scored the most overall field goal yards?
Which players caught TD passes in the second quarter?
How many scores were there by any team in the fourth quarter?
Which team did the player belong to that kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were there between 10 and 20 yards?
Whcih players scored touchdowns between 5 and 10 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the second longest?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Dawson's last field goal compared with his first field goal?
How many is the difference between the number of yards TD pass to Rice and the number of yard TD run by Taylor?
How many is the difference in the number of yards TD pass to Rice and the number of yard interception run by Sharper?
How many is the difference between the number of yards TD pass to Rice and the number of yard field goal by Longwell?
How many is the difference between the number of yards TD pass to Rice and the number of yard TD pass to Burress?
How many is the difference between the number of yards TD pass to Rice and the number of yard interception run by Greenway?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team was winning at the end of the first quarter?
How many quarters did Winfield play?
How many pick 6's were there?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Vikings have in the fourth quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How long were each of the game's rushing touchdowns?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How long were each of the touchdown passes in the game?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many points did the Browns score in the third quarter?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Browns score in the fourth quarter?
Who scored more points, Steelers or Browns?
How many touchdowns did the steelers score in the 2nd half?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Browns lead by at the half?
how many minutes was the lions warning?
how many points did the lions win by?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Matt Prater score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many total points did the Lions lead with in the first quarter?
How many points did Dolphins trail by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards did Caleb Sturgis kick?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's second field goal compared to his first?
How many years have passed since the last time the Giants won at Seattle?
How many points had Seattle scored in the first three quarters?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the first three quarters?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards did Hasselbeck backup?
how many yards did bradshaw run?
How many yards did Whitehurst pass in the fourth?
How many minutes did the Giants drive?
How many wins did the Giants have after beating the Ravens?
How many points did the Giants score against the Ravens when they played in 2012?
How many wins did the Giants start the game at?
Which team had the best all-time record against each other this game?
Which team scored the first fourth quarter points?
Who had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Giants lose by in the 2012 game?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
What team did the Chargers play before this game?
Which team scored first?
Who scored the first points for the Jaguars?
How many field goals were made from 30 yards or less?
How many kickoff returns for touchdowns did Leon Washington have?
Who scored the first field goal?
Out of the initial two scores, which play was longer?
Out of the initial two scores, which play was shorter?
How many yards longer was the first scoring play compared to the second scoring play?
Which player caught the first passing touchdown?
Which player threw the first passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest special teams touchdown compared to the second longest?
How many total yards were gained on special teams touchdowns?
How many touchdowns longer than 90 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns were between 1 yard and 10 yards long?
How many touchdowns were longer than 10 yards but shorter than 20?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Olindo Mare or Nate Kaeding?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare kick?
Which player had the longest field goal of the game?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 3 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which town did Poland lose first, Altstadt or Kneiphof?
How many days passed between the Teutonic Knights taking the Königsberg towns of Altstadt and Löbenicht and when Kneiphof was taken?
Which event occurred first, Pope Callixtus III warned that he would excommunicate the Prussian Confederation or Teutonic Knights gained a new ally, King Christian I of Denmark?
How many months did Kneiphof resist being taken after the towns of Altstadt and Lobenicht fell?
Which happened first King Christian declaring war on Poland or Pope Callixtus III threatening excommunication of the Prussian Confederation?
Which towns were taken first, Altstadt and Löbenicht or Kneiphof?
How many days before the warning of Pope Callixtus III did Emperor Frederick III ban the Prussian Confederation?
What happened first: Frederick III banning the Prussian Confederation or Christian I aligning with Tuetonic Knights?
What happened second: Frederick III banning the Prussian Confederation or Christian I aligning with Tuetonic Knights?
How many months after Marienburg, Dirschau and Eylau were taken was Kneiphof also taken?
How many months after the eastern part of Prussia was taken by the Teutonic knights did they take the last town loyal to the Polish king, Kneiphof?
How many days after the Teutonic Knights were able to recover the eastern part of Prussia was Kneiphof taken?
Who arrived first in Cyprus, the British or the Armenian Evangelicals?
How many years did it take from the Armenian Evangelicals being granted provisional autonomy to formal autonomy?
How many years had passeed from when Armenian Evangelicals were granted provisional autonomy from the Reformed Presbyterian Mission until services ended at the American Academy chapel?
How many years did it take from when  Armenian Evangelicals were granted provisional autonomy until it was formalised?
Where were services held first first, in Nicosia or at the American Academy chapel?
How many years after Armenian Evangelicals were granted provisional autonomy from the Reformed PResbyterian Mission was the autonomy formalised?
How many points did the Steelers score?
How many points did the Steelers score?
How many sacks did Ray Lewis get?
Which team gave up 9 sacks?
How many TDs did the Ravens score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored more points, Steelers or Ravens?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more touchdown passes were thrown by Roethlisberger than by Smith?
How many interceptions did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many interceptions did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many touchdowns did Jesse James score?
How many field goals that were shorter than 20 yards were scored in the game?
What was the longest TD pass that Roethlisberger threw?
How many touchdowns did Tyreek Hill score?
Which players caught touchdown passes of 30 yards or more?
How many touchdowns does Ben Roethlisberger have for the season after this game?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many touchdowns were there less than 10 yards?
How many more yards was Floyd's first touchdown compared to his second?
How long were each of Malcolm Floyd's touchdowns?
How many points was the largest lead of the game?
How many points did the Broncos lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many touchdowns did the Browns score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Browns score in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brady Quinn throw?
What were the distances of Matthew Starfford's td passes in the 1st quarter?
Which Lions players caught touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many years does the age range that favored Barack Obama by 60 percentage points span?
How many more percentage points of the Vietnamese American population voted for George W. Bush than John Kerry?
Who was the conspirator that wasn't beheaded?
What year were the conspirators attainted?
How many conspirators were beheaded?
Which conspirator was killed last?
Where was Huntington beheaded?
Who was beheaded at Tyburn?
Who was captured at Cirencester?
How many years do these events span?
How many days after Salisbury and Kent were captured was Le Despencer beheaded?
How many days after Le Despencer was beheaded was Huntingdon beheaded?
What happened first: Lumley was beheaded or Le Despencer was captured?
What happened second: Lumley was beheaded or Le Despencer was captured?
What happened first: Huntingdon was captured or attainders were formally reversed?
What happened second: Huntingdon was captured or attainders were formally reversed?
Who died first: Henry or Richard?
which player got hurt in this season?
which player threw the longest pass?
How many turnovers did Cutler have?
Who caught touchdowns from Jay Cutler?
How many field goals did David Akers miss?
Who scored the only touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did David Akers miss in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent have in the first half?
How many yards was the only touchdown of the first half?
How many touchdown passes did  Donovan McNabb have in the first half?
How many total field goals did David Akers have?
How many total field goals did Mike Nugent have?
Who scored the only touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Jets score in the second half?
How many points did the Eagles score in the second half?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many field goals did David Akers miss?
How many points were scored before halftime?
Which player had the most yards for the Eagles?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many passes did McKie recieve
How many field goals did Gould kick?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Robbie Gould or Ryan Longwell?
How many yards longer was Adrian Peterson's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson score in the second half?
How many 1 yard touchdown runs were scored?
How many more field goals did Gould make than Longwell in the first half?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards in field goals were there in the first half?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were field goals kicked in the first half?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns over the entire game?
How many more yards in field goals did Robbie Gould have compared to Ryan Longwell?
Who scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards longer were Adrian Peterson's touchdowns compared to all other touchdowns combined?
How many tackles, sacks, and interceptions did Brian Urlacher have?
How many "chapel-Hills is Orange County included in?
where is Orange County
Which country is Orange County?
How many areas is Orange county apart of?
which areas is Orange county apart of?
How many people was the population in 2012?
How many more people are living in the Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill, NC Combined Statistical Area compared to Orange County?
How many people in 2012 living in the Combined Statistical Area were not living in Orange County?
How many games had the Lions lost in a row?
How many points did the Vikings score in the fourth quarter?
Who caught the last touchdown?
Which team scored the least for the game?
What was the score at the beginning of the second quarter?
What was the score at the beginning of the 3rd quarter?
How many points did Houston score in all?
Who had the lead in the second half of the game?
What quarter did the Browns make their only score in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half.
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored more points in the 1st half, Cleveland or Texans?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many points did Houston lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many touchdowns did J. J. Watt score in the first quarter?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
Which team came of a bye week?
Which team allowed the least second half points?
How many yards was the longest rushing play?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
What cities did the game air in?
What stadium's roof collapsed?
How many points combined did both teams score at the end?
What team scored last?
How many points were the Rams up at halftime?
How many field goals did Zuerlein kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Zuerlein kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Zuerlein kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Zuerlein kick in the first half?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Rams win by?
Which player had the first touchdown of the game?
How many different players scored two touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored first for the 49ers?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who did the 49ers play the previous week?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Rams winning by at halftime?
How many fumbles were made in the game?
How many more points did the panthers have compared to the Patriots?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by White and the total number of points the Panthers scored?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by White and the total number of points the Patriots scored?
Which team won the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which tight end had more than 99 yards receiving?
Who scored a touchdown over 50 yards?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD catch by Bryant and the second TD catch by Braynt?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD catch by Bryant and the TD pass to Witten?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD catch by Bryant and the yards of yards of the interception return by Carpenter?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD catch by Bryant and the yards of the TD catch by johnson?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first TD catch by Bryant and the number of points the Cowboys were ahead by in the 3rd quarter?
What was the Lion's record after this game?
How long was the longest field goal in this game?
How many Touchdowns did Dez Bryant catch?
How many Touchdowns did Calvin Johnson catch?
How many Touchdowns did Tony Romo throw?
Who threw a pick-6?
Who caught an interception?
How many times did the Cowboys score in the first half?
How many field goals did the Cowboys have in the first half?
How many field goals were there in the whole game?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the second half?
How many yards was the longest interception return?
How many yards was Dez Byrant's longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many interceptions did The Lions defense have?
Which receiver had the most touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
who scored first?
who won the game?
Which player scored the first two touchdowns of the game?
How many points were scored by the Lions defense?
How long were each of Dez Bryant's touchdown catches?
How many field goals were kicked from between 25 and 40 yards?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which two players returned interceptions for touchdowns?
How long were each of Calvin Johnson's touchdown catches?
Which players had two touchdown receptions?
Which players caught interceptions and returned them for touchdowns?
How many total yards did Calvin Johnson have on touchdown receptions?
Which players made a field goal by halftime?
Which players caught two touchdown receptions?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
Who caught an interception in the fourth quarter?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which players kicked field goals of longer than 40 yards?
How many touchdown receptions did Calvin Johnson have?
How many total yards did Calvin Johnson have on touchdown receptions?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
who won the game?
who kicked the winning point?
where is the vikings home state?
which QB did the vikings use?
How many more passes did Holcomb throw than Bollinger?
Which quarterback threw for more yards, Holcomb or Bollinger?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Brian Westbrook score in the second quarter?
Which quarterbacks completed 7 passes?
How many more passing yards did Bollinger have than Holcomb?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many incomplete passes did Brooks Bollinger throw?
How many total passing attempts did Holcomb and bollinger have?
How many more passing yards did Bollinger have than Holcomb?
How many passes did Brooks Bollinger complete?
How many passes did Kelly Holcomb throw?
How many total yards did the Eagles quarterbacks throw for combined?
In which half were there more field goals, the first half or second half?
How many total yards did Akers have?
How many total yards did Longwell have?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
How many incomplete passes did Holcomb have?
What type of governmental system are the Cuban-Americans lobbying against?
Who is against the Cuban embargo?
USAID was accused of questionable expenditures by whom?
Spanish-speaking South Florida journalists were said to be paid by the US government by who?
What was the job of USAID in Cuba?
What do the groups who oppose the embargo want?
How many armed incursions against Cuba have taken place per year for the last 40 years on average?
How many percent of the exile groups who received USAID grants did not show questionable expenditures?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
How many rushing touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
Which kicker kicked field goals over 30 yards?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the second longest?
How many yards longer was Michael Crabtree's touchdown compared to all other touchdowns combined?
How many touchdowns were under 5 yards?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to the yards in the longest touchdown?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to the yards in the second longest touchdown?
How many more yards in touchdowns were there compared to the yards in the shortest field goal?
How many more yards in touchdowns were there compared to the yards in the longest field goal?
How many years passed by during the 20 large raids?
Which Khan crossed the Oka river on rafts under covering fire from Turkish guns in 1541?
Which city did the Khan invade?
How many years were there raids on the frontiers?
Who's guns were shooting at the Crimean's
What did they use to cross the river?
Which happened first, the capture of Ghat or the re-capture of Ghadames?
How many months passed between the capture of Ghat and the re-capture of Ghadames?
How many more untrained reservists than regular troops did the Ottoman army have?
How many regular troops and untrained reservists did the Ottomans have?
Why was there an uprising in 1914?
How many years do these events span?
What event happened first, Ghat being captured, or ghadames being captured?
What event happened later, the italian troops capturing Ghat, or the Italians capturing Ghadames?
How many months after Italian troops captured Ghat in the south-west of the province did the Italians re-capture the Ghadames?
How many regular troops and untrained reservists did the Ottoman have?
How many months after a wireless station was built at Misratah did Sayed Ahmed board a German submarine at al-Aquila and go into exile in Turkey?
How many months after Sayed Ahmed went into exile was there a minor skirmish at the salt pan of Kallaya between Libyans?
Who was Vernand Morency a replacement for?
How many points did the Packers score in the second half?
How many points did Packers score in the second half?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many losses did the Packers have going into the game?
Who won the game, Packers or Eagles?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many points was the differential between the Seahawks and the Patriots during the revenge game?
How many points were the Buccaneers in the lead after Winston's touchdown passes?
Who caught two touchdowns for Tampa?
How many touchdown passes did Mike Evans catch?
How many points did the Giants score total?
How many points did the Cowboys score in total?
How many games have the Giants won this season?
How many games have the giants lost this season?
How many points did the giants trail by at the end of the game?
Did The Giants win their first game of the year?
how many points total were made in The Giants vs Cowboys game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which quarterback had a rushing and a passing touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Marc Bulger throw?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins kick?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team led at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
What field goals over 40 yards did Jeff Wilkins kick in the first half?
How many more yards was Mike Furrey second touchdown over his first?
What players had 16-yard touchdown reception?
Who kicked a 26-yard field goal?
Who caught a 12-yard TD pass for the only score of the period?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's second field goal compared to his first?
Which QB had a passing and rushing TD?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Who made the first point
When did the Titans first score
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Jags score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns measured between 5 yards and 15 yards long?
How many touchdowns measured 15 yards or longer?
How many yards longer was the first field goal made when compared to the first touchdown?
How many yards in distance were scored in the first field goal and the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns measured between 1 yard and 10 yards long?
How many yards were scored across all rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were scored across all passing touchdowns?
Which player had the longest reception for a touchdown in the game?
Which player had the shortest reception for a touchdown in the game?
How many yards long did all passing touchdowns average for?
How many yards longer did all passing touchdowns measure when compared to rushing touchdowns?
How many field goals measured longer than 30 yards in length?
How many field goals measured less than 30 yards long?
How many yards were accumulated across all field goals during the course of the game?
How many yards long was the mean value of all field goals scored in the game?
How many touchdowns shorter than 20-yards in length did Mike Sims-Walker catch?
How many Touchdown passes did Gates have?
How many points were converted from Phillips interception?
How many field goals were there?
How many yards difference is there between Nate Kaeding's longest and shortest field goals?
Whose pass did Philips intercept?
What is Kaeding's first name?
How many field goals were less than 50 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many religions may be endowed in Ireland?
Which had a larger growth - Orthodox Christians or Islam populations?
Which religion grew slower, Orthodox Christianity or Islam?
How many patron saints does Ireland have?
What prohibits religious discrimination?
What is Ireland's main religion?
How many percentage points difference was there between Muslims and Christians?
How many months into the year is Saint Patrick's Day?
How many years did these events span for?
Where is the Irish guarantee of the freedom of religion and prohibition of religious discrimination enshrined?
How many percent of the population is not members of the Church of Ireland?
How many percent increase had Islam seen in growth?
How many patron saints does Ireland have?
How many years after the Irish Constitution was changed to delete specific named religious groups was Religious studies introduced as an optional Junior Certificate subject?
What two saints are not recognized as patron saints in Ireland?
Who won the game for the Packers in the last few seconds?
How many total yards did Adrian Peterson run while scoring rushing touchdowns?
What was the score at halftime?
What was the longest scoring play?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson score?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score?
Who received the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick?
Which team beat the Packers in the previously played game?
Which team punted first?
Which team allowed the least points in the game?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
How many individual uprisings occurred after 1444?
Where did the last of the individual uprisings occur?
Where did the first of the individual uprisings occur?
How many years did the Bundschuh movement last?
For how many years did the Bundschuh movement last?
What does "Bundschuh", the name of the movement, mean?
How many individual uprisings did occur?
How many times did the peasants and city dwellers defeat the troops of the French count of Armagnac?
How many years did The Bundschuh movement take?
How many years have passed between the Bruchsal and Untergrombach uprising, and the one in Lehen?
Which uprising ocurred first?
Which uprising was the one before last?
what did the peasants have on their flag?
who was oppressing the germans?
How many years did the Bundschuh movement last in Germany?
How many years did it take for the people to defeat the French in the upper Rhine?
How many different cities did the people try to get relief from?
How many years did the Bundschuh movement last?
How many times were the French troops defeated along the upper Rhine during the movement?
How many individual uprisings occured during the time period?
How many commercial airports were mentioned?
Which happened first, commercial jetplanes arriving in Mérida or the construction of Cancún?
Which happened first, the construction of Cancún or the election of Francisco Luna Kan?
Where did commercial jet airplanes arrive later, Mérida or Cancún?
Which came first in Yucatán, connections by railway or highway?
Which came first to the Yucatan Penisula: railways or highways?
Which came first, the international airport in Cozumel or the one in Cancun?
Which came first in the Yucatan Peninsula, commercial jets to Merida or to Cancun?
How many decades had passed from the construction of the railway to the construction of the highway in Yucatan?
How many decades had passed from the construction of the railway to the planned resort community of Cancun?
How many decades had passed from the construction of the highway to the construction of the new planned resort community of Cancún?
Which came first to Yucatán, railway or highway?
What two forms of travel came to Yucatán in the 1960s?
How many decades after air travel arrived in Mérida did it come to Cancún?
How many in percent according to the 2011 census weren't Roman Catholic?
How many in percent according to the 2000 census weren't Roman Catholic?
How many declines of Roman Catholicism from 2000 to 2011?
How many more people became Pentecostal/Evangelical/Full Gospel in 2011 than 2000?
How many percentage of Muslims decreased in population from 2000 to 2011?
How many percentage of Hinduism that experienced decreases in their membership from 200 to 2011?
How many percentage did Anglican experienced decreases in their membership in 2011?
How many percentage did Presbyterian/Congregational experienced decreases in their membership in 2011?
How many percentage Methodist experienced decreases in their membership in 2011?
How many percentage increased who did not state a religion?
How many fewer people were Roman Catholic in 2011 compared to 2000?
How many percent fewer Hindu's were there in 2011 compared to 2000?
Which religions had more than 15% in 2011?
Which religions had fewer than 10% in 2011?
Which religion had more people the Anglican or the Methodist?
How many more people claimed affiliation with Pentecostal/Evangelical/Full Gospel in 2011 compared to 2000?
Which religious denominations saw a decrease of more than 2% by 2011?
How many groups outside of religious denominations witness an increase?
How many percent of people were not Roman Catholics in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Roman Catholics in 2000?
How many percent of people were not Hindu in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Hindu in 2000?
How many percent of people were not Anglican in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Anglican in 2000?
How many percent of people were not Presbyterian/Congregational in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Presbyterian/Congregational in 2000?
How many percent of people were not Methodist in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Methodist in 2000?
How many percent of people were not Muslim in 2011?
How many percent of people were not Muslim in 2000?
What team did the Falcons beat before playing the Eagles?
How many field goals did David Akers make?
How many passing tds were there?
Did the Eagles score more touchdowns or field goals in the first two quarters?
Which quarterback scored fewer touchdowns?
From which yard line did Michael Vick score a rushing and passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's second passing touchdown over his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
In which quarter did the Falcons score points?
How many touchdowns measured between 1 yard and 5 yards long?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception of this game?
How many yards longer was the defensive touchdown scored compared to all other touchdown yards added together?
How many more yards were scored on passing touchdowns compared to rushing touchdowns?
How many yards long was the average length when all passing touchdowns are taken into account?
How many yards did the shortest rushing touchdown and the shortest passing touchdown combine for?
How many yards did all offensive touchdowns account for?
How many yards were gained in total across all field goals kicked?
How many more inhabitants of Bolivia were estimated on the 2012 census compared to the 1826 census?
How many years after the first true estimate of the population of Bolivia was the first modern census completed?
How many different organizers of the Bolivians census has there been throughout the years?
How many times was The Bolivian Statistical Office an organizer of the Bolivians census?
How many different organizers of the modern Bolivian census has there been since 1831?
How many more inhabitants are there in Bolivia now than there were when the first census in 1796?
Who organized the census in the years between the Bolivian Statistical Office's organization of the census in 1835 ad 1854?
How many times has the INE conducted the census?
Who organized the first modern census?
How many more inhabitants were in the country in 2012 than in 1826?
How many years passed between the Bolivian Statistical Commission organizing the census and the Bolivian Statistical Office organizing their second census?
How many years passed between the first and last census organized by the Bolivian Statistical Office?
How many times was the census conducted between 1835 and 1882?
How many people and organizations have been responsible for organizing the census from 1831 to present?
How many entities helped to organize the 1900 census?
Who scored more points, the Patriots or the Colts?
How many times have the colts beaten the patriots in a row?
How many games in a row have the Colts won this season?
Which quarter did both teams score the most?
Which team scored the only points of the first quarter?
Who was the Colts leading receiver?
How many interceptions did Tom Brady throw?
Which player scored twice in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many interceptions did the Colts defense get?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brady or Manning?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
Who scored the only touchdown in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Which player had over 130 yards receiving?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams in the first half?
Which was the only quarter that one team scored?
Who scored more than one touchdown?
Who scored touchdowns that were 5 yards?
How many touchdown passing yards did Brady have?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
Which team scored at least 40 points?
How many losses did the Steelers have after the game?
By how many points did the Steelers trail by at halftime?
Who kicked field goals of at least 20 yards?
Who threw the first TD pass?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
Who threw the shortest TD pass?
How many field goals did Bullock kick?
How many more points did Bengals score at the end?
How many combined field goals were scored in the second quarter?
Who scored the Bengals touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked during the game?
How many field goals did Bullock kick?
How many more field goals did Bullock kick compared to Prater?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many total yards were ran on touchdown plays?
How many field goals were kicked in the 2nd quarter?
How many poins were the Bengals winning by at halftime?
How many points did  the Bengals win the game by?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many points did both teams combine for?
Who scored more points, the Bengals or the Lions?
How many points did the Bengals score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Bengals kicker Ryan Bullock make during the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many feild goals did Philadelphia score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many times did Manning throw a pass to Johnson?
How many touchdowns did the eagles score?
How many points did both teams score in the second quarter?
Who scored a 40-yard Eagles touchdown?
Who kicked a 34-yard field goal?
Who scored a 51-yard field goal?
How many more field goals were scored in the first quarter over the second quarter?
How many points did Eagles score in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Akers' first field goal over his second one?
What distance was the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Brian Westbrook score from more than 25 yards?
How many field goals did the Eagles make?
How many yards longer was David Akers' first field goal over his second?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many interceptions took place in the game?
What was the final score of the game?
How many yards combined did Lee Evans and J.P. Losman have in the first quarter?
How many points did the Redskins win against the Texans by on September 24th?
Who had the shortest run?
How many points did Samkon Gado put his team in the lead with his 1-yard run?
What happened twice during the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did David Carr score?
How many quarterbacks hold the record for most consecutive completions?
Two touchdowns were made from how many yards out?
How many more points did the Washington win against the Texans by on September 24 than the Bills won against the Texans by?
Which Bills players had receiving touchdowns?
How many total yards did Lee Evans have on his touchdown receptions?
Which players had interceptions?
Who scored a defensive touchdown?
Which players caught touchdowns of the exact same length?
How many yards did Lee Evans accumulate on his initial two touchdowns?
Which player scored the first defensive touchdown of the game?
How many passes did David Carr complete out of his initial three passes?
How many incomplete passes did David Carr throw throughout the entire game?
How many percentage points did David Carr's completions equal against his total passes?
Which player scored the shortest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many total points were accumulated by both teams during the game?
How many touchdown passes did Losman throw in the 1st quarter?
Which team scored more points in the game, Bills or Texans?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw?
how many yards did crosby hit?
how many yards did crosby run in the 4th?
Who caught a 16-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Which team got a 16-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many career passes did Brett Favre get so far, up to this point?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Holcomb throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Holcomb throw in the second half?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second half?
Who kicked the most field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many total interceptions were there?
Who is the home team?
Which QB threw two interceptions in the 4th?
What team was in last place in the NFC East?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score?
How many interceptions were thrown by both quarterbacks in total?
Which teams caught two interceptions?
How many total interceptions were there?
Who was reorganized?
What were the soldiers trained to do?
What NCOs were reassigned?
Who saw combat as replacement soldiers?
Where was the 10th Cavalry located first, Fort Leavenworth or Camp Lockett?
How many Cavalry Regiments fought wildfires in the CLeveland National Forest?
Where was the 10th Calvary located first California or Kansas?
What happened last, the wildfires in the Cleveland National Forest or the Calgary being shipped to Oran?
Where did the 10th Cavalry transfer to in 1942?
When was the 2nd Cavalry Division sent to North Africa?
Where was the 10th Cavalry regiment first, Camp Lockett or Cleveland National Forest?
Which happened first, 10th and 28th Cavalry fought wildfires in the Cleveland National Forest or the 10th Cavalry was moved to Camp Lockett, California?
How many years after the 10th Cavalry was moved to Camp Lockett, California was the 2nd Cavalry Division shipped out to Oran, North Africa?
Which locations were the 10th Cavalry deployed to?
Which location was the 10th Cavalry deployed to first, the Cleveland National Forest or Oran, North Africa?
How many years passed between the move to Camp Lockett and the deactivation of the Cavalry?
Who did Loewe sue?
What did Sherman Antitrust Act prohibit?
What did Lawlor do?
Who did Loewe collect damages from?
What did the Clayton Act do?
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, the U.S. Supreme Court deciding Loewe v. Lawlor, or the Hatters' union instituting a nationwide boycott?
How many years was there between the nationwide boycott and the decision of Loewe v. Lawlor?
Which act came second the Norris-La Guardia Act or the Clayton Act?
How many years after the Clayton Act was the Norris-La Guardia Act passed?
Which event happened first, the decision of Loewe vs. Lawlor, or the boycott of hats made by a nonunion company in Connecticut?
Which Act happened last, the Clayton act, or the Norris-La Guardia Act?
Who won the 1908 Supreme Court case Loewe v. Lawlor?
How many years after the Hatters' Union boycott was the first Supreme Court case decided?
How many years after the Supreme Court's decision in Loewe v. Lawlor was the Norris-La Guardia Act enacted?
Who won fewer titles in the 1970s, Ray Reardon or John Spencer?
Who was the dominant snooker player first, John Pulman or Ray Reardon?
What two players won six titles?
Which snooker player won the most titles?
How many more titles did Ray Reardon win in the 1970s compared to John Spencer?
How many years after Horace Lindrum won the boycotted 1952 title, did Steve Davis win his first title?
Which two players won six titles?
How many more titles did Hendry win compared to Ronnie OSullivan?
Which players were snooker players?
How many more titles were won by Ray Reardon than John Spencer?
How many years in a row did Reardon win titles before 1978?
Which person won more titles in a row before 1990, Reardon or Davis?
How many years passed btween OSullivan's first title win and his last one?
How many times did John win a title after the year 2000?
Who won titles over a course of exactly eight years?
Who won titles in a period over ten years?
How many yards was the furthest touchdown run?
How many points did Tennessee get on the board first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Rob Bironas or Nick Novak?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Bironas make?
Which players scored 60+ yard touchdowns?
How many yards shorter was LenDale White's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Which kicker kicked the most field goals in the first half?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' first field goal compared to Nick Novak's field goal?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who scored touchdowns of at least 50 yards?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more field goal yards did Rob Bironas make than Nick Novak?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than Nick Novak's longest field goal?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest running touchdown than the shortest running touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the second longest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in touchdowns or field goals?
How many more yards in touchdowns did LenDale White have compared to all other touchdowns combined?
How many more yards in touchdowns did LenDale White have compared to Chris Johnson?
How many more yards in field goals did Rob Bironas have compared to Nick Novak?
How many touchdowns were scored between 10 and 20 yards?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to yards in touchdowns by LenDale White?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to yards in touchdowns by Chris Johnson?
How many times did the Estonians besiege a fortress established by the Danes?
How many touchdowns did McGahee have?
How many touchdowns did Mason score?
How many touchdowns did Brown have?
How many yards did Cundiff hit second in the 4th quarter
what did billy cundiff's 26 and 39-yard field goals get them?
How many field goals did Cundiff make?
How many touchdowns did Joe Flacco score?
How many turnovers did the Ravens have?
How many times did the Falcons punt?
How many fourth quarter field goals did Billy Cundiff make?
How many total field goals did Billy Cundiff kick?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest field goal?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
Which player kicked the second shortest field goal?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was Billy Cundiff's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Billy Cundiff or Dan Carpenter?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many field goals did Billy Cundiff score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards longer was Cundiff's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many more field goals did Cundiff kick compared to Carpenter?
How many total yards did Cundiff have?
How many yards longer was Cundiff's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many fewer touchdowns were there compared to field goals?
How many years after graduating was Baillie ordained into the Church of Scotland?
Which happened last, Baillie's graduation or his membership in the Glasgow Assembly?
Who was the father of Baillie?
How many years did Baillie study divinity before he was ordained?
What position did Baillie hold first, Professor of Divinity Glasgow or a member of the Glasgow Assembly?
What year did Baillie die?
How many years was Baillie professor of divinity in Glasgow University before being made principal?
How many years after becoming professor of divinity in Glasgow University was he promoted to principal?
When did Baillie die?
Which of the 49ers stadiums is easier to access by highway?
Which team did John Brodie play for?
Which team had the NFL Coach of the Year in 1970?
Which team did the 49ers play in the 1970 NFC championship?
How many points did the Rams win against the Giants by?
How many points did the 49ers win their divisional playoff game by?
What was the 49ers stadium last, Candlestick Park or Kezar Stadium?
How many points did the 49ers lose against the Cowboys by?
How many points did the 49ers win against the Raiders by?
Who did the 49ers play first, the Raiders or the Cowboys?
Where did the 49ers play in 1971?
How many points did the 49ers score in Oakland against the Raiders?
By how many points did the 49ers win against the Raiders?
How many points did the Rams win their game against the Giants by?
How many points did the 49ers score in their final game at Kezar Stadium?
Who won the conference championship in 1970?
How many points did the 49ers lose against the Cowboys by at Kezar Stadium?
Where were the 49ers before Candlestick Park?
How many points did the 49ers win their divisional playoff game by?
Which team won their game by fewer points the Giants (vs Rams) or the 49ers (vs Raiders)?
In the playoffs did the 49ers score more points against the Vikings or the Cowboys?
Which team scored more points while playing the 49ers, the Raiders or the Vikings?
How many total points did the 49ers score during the 1970 playoffs?
Which game was won by more points, Rams vs Giants or 49ers vs Raiders?
Of the Giants vs Rams and 49ers vs Raiders games, which team scored the least points?
Did the 49ers score fewer points to become champions of the NFC West or in their first playoff game?
Did the 49ers score more points against the Vikings or against the Cowboys?
Which team scored more points against the 49ers the Vikings or the Cowboys?
How many combined rushing yards did Stewart and Williams have?
How many incomplete passes did Moore throw?
Which happened first, a national plebiscite, or the new Constitution of Ireland?
How many months were there between the national plebicite and the new Constitution of Ireland?
Which occurred first, the abolishment of the Office of Governor-General , or the new Constitution of Ireland?
How many years were ther between the abolishment of Office of Governor-General and the new Constitution of Ireland?
What happened first the new Constitution of Ireland, or the Republic of Ireland Act?
What was passed first, the Republic of Ireland Act  or the Statute Law Revision Act?
How many years passed between the Republic of Ireland Act and the Statute Law Revision Act?
Which constitution called the state Ireland?
What was Ireland's stance during the Emergency?
What happened first: new Constitution of Ireland or Republic of Ireland Act?
What happened second: new Constitution of Ireland or Republic of Ireland Act?
What happened first: Ireland declared itself a republic or the Statute Law Revision Act?
What happened second: Ireland declared itself a republic or the Statute Law Revision Act?
What happened second: new Constitution of Ireland or Ireland declared itself a republic?
How many yards was Prater's longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many points in all were there made in the first quarter?
What was the longest field goal in the game?
What team scored first in the 2nd quarter?
How many times did the Vikings fumble?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players had rushing touchdowns from 5 yards or less?
How many total yards did Matt Prater have on field goal kicks?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many games did the Chiefs win in their last four?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Tomlinson get?
How many games had the Chiefs won before this game?
How many field goals did John Carney make?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who had the longest TD run?
How many points did Kansas City earn in the first quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games in the season had Kansas City lost after this game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games had Kansas City lost before the start of this game?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many total yards did LaDainian Tomlinson have on his two touchdown runs?
How long were each of LaDainian Tomlinson's touchdown runs?
How many yards did ryan fitzpatrick throw?
how many points did fred jackson lead by?
How many yards did Lindell nail?
Which two receivers scored two touchdowns each?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker scored the most field goals?
How many yards was Rob Gronkowski's longest pass for a touchdown?
How many field goals were there in total?
Which players made field goals of less than 40 yards?
How long were each of Rob Gronkowski's touchdown receptions?
How many times did the Patriots score during the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Gronkowski have during the first half?
How many field goals were kicked during the second half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which players scored at least two touchdowns?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many touchdown receptions did Rob Gronkowski have?
How many yards longer was Rob Gronkowski's second touchdown reception over his first?
How many quarters did Derrick Ward play in?
How many points did Chicago score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Vikings score in the first quarter?
How many yards did Robbie Gould kick in field goals through the whole game?
What was the shortest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the difference between Robbie Gould's longest field goal and shortest field goal?
What was the second longest field goal made?
What was the third longest field goal made?
Which players scored a two yard touchdown run?
Which empire was Phillip II head of?
Which fell first: Malacca, Colombo, or Ceylon?
What was Portugal's main economic strength in Macau?
What led to a deterioration of Portugal's Empire and loss what?
Malacca and Colombo finally succumbed when?
Portuguese Empire in the East, was unsuccessfully attacked by the Dutch for how many years?
In which year did the attack on Malacca take place?
How many years did it take for Malacca to finally succumb?
How many years after Amboina was captured was Jakarta conquered?
How many years after Malacca fell did Ceylon lose control?
How many years after Colombo was conquered was Ceylon also conquered?
How many areas were conquered in 1662?
For how many years were the Dutch allowed exclusively to operate in Japan?
How many times did the Dutch try to attack Goa?
How many years passed between the Dutch's attempts to conquer Goa?
How many years after 1605 did an attack on Malacca narrowly fail in its objective to provide a more strategically located base in the East Indies with favorable monsoon winds?
How many years did the sakoku policy last for?
How many times was Gao unsuccessfully attacked by the Dutch?
How many bases did the Dutch drive out between 1641 and 1662?
How many years were the Dutch the only European power allowed to operate in Japan?
For how long were the Dutch the only European power allowed to operate in Japan?
Why did the Portugese leave Macau despite its successful defense against the Dutch?
How many years did peace between the two states last?
For how many years was there peace between the two states?
Who ruled Cyprus last, the Ottoman empire or Britain?
How many years after Marco Antonio Barbaro's imprisonment was the treaty signed?
How many years did peace continued?
How many years passed between Marco Antonio Barbaro's imprisonment and the treaty at Cyprus?
What government was Dalmatia under?
How many years before Cyprus was annexed by Britian?
What happened first, Barbaro conducted negotiations or Cyprus became  Ottoman province?
What happened first: treaty which made Ottoman province or war over Crete?
What happened second: treaty which made Ottoman province or war over Crete?
How many years passed between the resulting treaty and the long war over Crete?
How many years was Cyprus under Ottoman rule after the treaty?
How many years after ceasing to be an Ottoman territory was Cyprus declared an crown colony of Britain?
How many Thanksgiving Day games had these two teams played?
How many yards was Morris's touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did Morris score?
What was the Lions' record after the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which players completed TD passes in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding boot?
How many TD passes did McNair complete?
What was the longest TD pass?
Which players did McNair throw passes to?
Which player caught the first touchdown?
How many years did it take the Burmese to regain the coast of Tenasserim?
How many kings tried to retake the coast for Burma?
How many years passed between the Siamese revolt and the Siamese retaking the entire coast?
How many times was the coast of Tenasserim divided?
what did they fail to retake the rest of?
What geographical location did Siamese control of the coast stop?
Who controlled the lower coast in 1615?
What year did the Burmese not succeed in counquering all of Siam?
How many years passed between the failure in 1548 and the success in 1564 of the Burmese in attempting to controlling the Tenasserim coast?
When did the Burmese first succeed in gaining control the Tenasserim coast from Siam?
How many years passed between the  Burmese under Toungoo kings Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung trying to regain the coast and failing and when they finally succeeded?
How many years was it between the Burmese under Toungoo kings Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung conquering all of Siam and the Siamese revolting against the rule?
How many years was it between the Siamese king Naresuan regaining control of the lower coast and when he was able to retake the entire coast?
How many centuries did the Siamese kingdoms control much of the coast?
Where there more families or households in the county?
How many more housing units were there compared to households?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
How many people and families are in the county according to the census?
How many households and families are in the county according to the census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: households or families?
How many more people than households are in the county according to the census?
How many more people than families are in the county according to the census?
In the 2000 census, were there more households or families residing in the county?
Were there more housing units or households in the county in the 2000 census?
How many more housing units than households were there in the 2000 census?
How many people (as a percentage) in the county were Hispanic in 2000?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not white non-Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
which had more, households or families?
which had less, housing units or households?
How many races each made up more than 20% of the population?
How many races did not make up more than 1% of the population?
How many races made up more than the race that only made up 0.06% of the population?
How many races made up more than the race that made up 16.74% of the population?
How many races made up 3% or more but less than 4% of the population?
Who was Edward III's first son?
Who passed away first, the Black Prince or Edward III?
If Richard II had been appointed a regent, whom would it have been?
Who died on June 1376?
Who was influential is the series of councils?
Who died earlier, the Black Prince or Edward III?
How many years after returning to England did the Black Prince die?
Which happened earlier, the death of Edward III or the Peasants' Revolt led by Wat Tyler?
Who was Richard II's grandfather?
Who died later, Edward III or Charles V?
Who died first, Edward III or the Black Prince?
How many years did Edward III outlive his son?
For how many years was the power in the hands of a series of councils?
Did Charles V die before or after Edward III?
How many years did the Black Prince live after returning to England in 1371
What was England left with in France after being pushed back by the French Army?
Who died first Edward III or the Black Prince?
How many years passed between the Black prince's death and his father's?
How many years did actual power lie in the hands of a series of councils in England while Richard II was king?
How many years after returning to England did the Black Prince die?
How many years after the death of Edward III did Charles V die?
How many years after the Peasants' Revolt did the Anglo-Scottish war take place?
How many years did the Anglo-Scottish war last?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw?
How many field goals did Pittsburgh have in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game for Arizona?
How many touchdowns did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many touchdowns did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored first in the second half?
What country had the lowest effective tax rate before the French Revolution, Britain or France?
Who had the highest effective tax rate before the French Revolution, France or Britain?
Were government expenditures and revenue in France higher in 1650-59 or 1700-10?
Which happened first De Prado arriving in Havana or yellow fever hurting the forces?
How many months after De Prado's arrival in Havana did de Hevia arrive?
After Yellow Fever spread through the defending forces, by the time of the siege, how many total soldiers, sailors, marines and militia was left?
How many forces existed by the time of the siege?
Did the British Royal Navy attack before or after Juan de Prado was appointed?
Did yellow fever strike troops before or after fortifications were made?
What did people die of
Who appointed him commander?
How many total people did the defending forces have by the time of the siege?
How many more soldiers did the defending forces have compared to their militia?
How many months after De Prado arrived at Havana did a flotilla of seven ships also arrive at Havana?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown that the shortest?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw in the first quarter?
How many points did the Texans have at half time?
How many point lead did the Colts go into half time with?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points did the Texans score in the third quarter?
How many sacks were recorded in this game?
Who caught the second touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught touchdown passes from Peyton Manning?
How many total yards did Peyton Manning throw for on touchdown passes?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Were there more field goals in the first half or second half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the sixth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the sixth longest TD pass?
How many total TD pass yards did Manning complete?
How many total TD pass yards did Carr complete?
How many years did the Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War last?
How many states made up the Holy League?
How many years did the War of Cyprus last?
Who controlle Cyprus when the war began?
What happened first, the rebuilding of Ottoman naval forces, or the ceding of Cyprus?
How many years did the War of Cyprus last?
What was the last city to fall to the Ottoman Empire?
How many states are named as being in the Holy League?
How many years did the Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War last?
When did the Battle of Lepanto happen?
When did the siege of Famagusta begin?
Which area fell to the Ottoman army earlier, Nicosia or Famagusta?
Who were the 3 main groups involved in the Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War?
Who was the leader of the Ottoman Empire during the Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War?
How many years did the War of Cyprus last?
How many years did the Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War last?
How many forces waged war in the War of Cyprus?
Nicosia was taken over by who?
Which team committed the most turnovers?
Which team lost for the Broncos to take over the AFC West?
How many turnovers did Denver force?
Who was the Broncos leading receiver?
How many field goals did Jason Elam miss in this game?
Who had more yards overall, Bell or Walker?
How many more interceptions than touchdowns did Plummer throw?
How many passes did Drew Bennett receive?
How many field goals did Bironas kick?
How many passes did Marvin Harrison receive?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who completed the shortest TD pass?
Who threw more than one touchdown pass?
How many more yards was Bironas' longest field goal than Vinatieri's only field goal?
How many field goals did the Titans have?
How many more men was Ming's army estimated to have over Esen's army?
Which Army did Wang Zhen fight for?
Which date did the Emperor leave Beijing for Juyong Pass?
Which happened first, battlefield of Yanghe strewn with corpses or the army set out back towards China proper?
How many is the difference in the number of people in Esen's army and the number of people in the Ming army?
How many is the difference number of years the Zhentong Emperor was when he led his armies into battle and the number of generals in the Ming army?
How many days were between when the army came upon the Yanghe battlefield and when the expedition rached a victorious conclusion?
When did Esen Tayisi invade China?
How many months after the start of his invasion of China did Esen Tayisi personally advance on Datong?
Approximately how many more men did the Ming army have, over Esen's army?
How many days after coming upon the battlefield of Yanghe did Wang Zhen's army decide to turn back?
How many months Esen Tayisi of the Mongols launched a large-scale, three-pronged invasion of China until the army came upon the corpse-strewn battlefield of Yanghe?
Who had the largest assembled of men, the Esen army or the Ming army?
What happened first, the army came upon the corpse-strewn battlefield of Yang or the army set out back toward China proper
Which army was being attacked first, the Mongol army or the Esens army?
When was the Zhengtong Emperor born?
Which was larger, Esen's army or the Ming army?
How many men did the Ming army outnumber Esen's army by?
When was Zhu Qiyu appointed regent?
How many days after Esen's victory at Yanghe did the Emperor's army come across the battlefield?
How many days after the Emperor left Beijing was the expedition declared victorious?
When did the Emperor leave Beijing for Juyong Pass?
Which age group consisted of most of the population?
Which age group was the least to populate the county?
Which age group had more people, under the age of 18 or 45 to 64?
Which were there less males of, for every 100 females or for every 100 females age 18 and over?
Which age groups each made up over 20% of the population?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: 45 to 64 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many more percent under age of 18 than 18 to 24?
How many more percent of age 45 to 64 than 65 years of age?
How many more males per 100 were there than females?
How many more males per 100 were there than females age 18 and over?
How many more percentage points of the population was under 18 than between 18 and 24?
How many percentage points difference is there between the age segment that makes up most of the population and the one that makes up the least?
What percentage of the population was the age group that the median age fell into?
How many more people were over the age of 17 than under 18, in percent?
How many more people were in the 25 to 44 age range than over 64 and 18 to 24 combined, in percent?
How many more people were in the 45 to 64 age range than over 64 and 18 to 24 combined, in percent?
How many more people are under the age of 18 and from 25 to 44 combined than 45 to 64?
How many more people were under the age of 45 than over the age of 45?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less females per 100 were there than males?
How many less females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which group had a higher population, under the age of 18 or from 18 to 24?
Were more people between 45 and 64 or 25 to 44?
Were there more males or females in the population?
How many more males were there than females age 18 and over?
Which groups in percent are larger than 23%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 24%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many passes did Maclin receive?
How many field goals did Tucker kick?
How many touchdowns did West score?
How many points did Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many points did Ravens score after the halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the entire game?
How many field goals did Tucker kick?
How many more points did Ravens have over Bengals at the end?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Did the Ravens score fewer points in the first or second quarter?
How many points did the Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many more points did the Ravens score in the second quarter compared to the first quarter?
In what two quarters did the Ravens score 3 points?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many points did Justin Tucker score?
Did Andy Dalton have more interceptions or lost fumbles?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback had more turnovers, Flacco or Dalton?
How many total yards were all the field goals made in the game?
How many yards was the difference between the first and second touchdowns in the game?
How many more times did the Ravens score than the bengals?
How many more interceptions than fumbles did Dalton have?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
From what distance did Justin Tucker kick two different field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Justin Tucker make?
Which players scored touchdowns?
How many field goals of 25-yards did Justin Tucker kick?
In which quarters did Justin Tucker kick field goals?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the first field goal scored by Gostowski?
Randy Moss in this game became the first player to have how many 100-yard games to start a season?
The Patriot won the game with what final score?
How many yards was the longest return?
How many field goals did Josh Brown make in the entire game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team turned the ball over first?
How many yards was McNabb's longest pass?
By how many points were the Rams leading at halftime?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Rams win by?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Rams lead by at halftime?
How many yards was th elongest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did McManus miss?
How many times did the Jets manage to cross the 50-yard line?
Which team was shut out?
What was the result of the Jets first possession?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bronco's win by?
How many points got the colts on the board?
How many games had the colts lost before this one?
Which 2 players returned interceptions for touchdowns?
What was the longest field goal Kaeding made?
How many games had the Colts played before their game against the Chargers?
Who scored the 2 field goals in a row for 33 and 50 yards, respectively?
Which player caught the first TD of the game?
How many of Peyton Manning's TD passes were from more than 5 yards?
How many of the 5 field goals were made from over 29 yards out?
How many of Kaeding's field goals were from under 29 yards?
Which players received TD passes from Peyton Manning?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw?
How many points is the difference between the scores in the Packers and Chargers shootout?
How many is the difference in the total score for San Diego and the number of yards that jackson ran for the early touchdown?
How many completions did Rodgers have?
Which quarterback had more completed passes?
The two quarterbacks combined for how many passing touchdowns?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Packers score?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
Which player had two interceptions, Charlie Peprah or Michael Tolbert?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which kicker kicked a field goal over 50 yards?
How many times in a row was Rivers intercepted in the first half?
How many of Rivers' passes were incomplete?
How many more touchdown passes than interceptions did Rivers throw?
Which players caught TD passes from Rivers in the second half?
How many yards longer was Rodgers second touchdown pass than his first?
How many more touchdown passes did Rodgers throw than Rivers?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which player scored on Rodgers first touchdown pass?
How many yard longer was Novak's field goal than Mason Crosby's?
How many field goals were kicked in each half?
How many touchdowns did both quarterbacks throw?
Who had the most receiving yards?
How many touchdowns did each team score before the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first 2 quarters?
Which quarterback threw for fewer passing yards?
Which quarterback completed more passes?
Which quarterback threw fewer incomplete passes?
Which quarterback threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Byron Leftwich's touchdown run compared to Peyton Manning's touchdown run?
How many passes did the Jaguars quarterback miss?
Which QB had the most passing yards?
Which team allowed the least points?
How many wins did the Colts have before this game?
Which QB had the least passing yards?
Which player was the kicker for the Jaguars?
How many touchdowns were between 5 and 10 yards?
Which quarterback had fewer incomplete passes?
How many total passing yards did both quarterbacks have combined?
Who was the leading receiver for the Colts?
Who was the Jaguars leading rusher?
Who threw a 30 yard touchdown pass?
Who had the most passing yards?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee miss?
How many months did the slave rebellion last?
How many months after the influx of French and Swiss troops did Planters regain control?
Which month of the year marked the start of the slave insurrection?
How many months have passed until the militia gained control?
Which people captured the fort in Coral Bay?
How many months did the rebellion last?
When did the rebellion start?
Who carried out the rebellion?
Which happened later, the slave insurrection on St. John, or the defeat of the Akwamu?
How many months did it take for the planters to regain control after the slave insurrection on St. John?
How many months did the slave insurrection on St. John in the Danish West Indies last?
How many months before the slave insurrection ended did the planters regain control?
How many years did the Caste War of Yucatán last?
Who did the Maya wage war with?
Who had control of the area after 1901?
How many years did the Caste War last?
How many years did skirmishes continue after the official end of the war?
How many years did Caste War of Yucatán last?
How many years after the end of the war was Federal Territory of Quintana Roo created?
How many years did the Caste War of Yucatán last?
How many chiefs led the initial revolt?
What happened first, the revolt of native Maya people, or the occupation of Chan Santa Cruz?
What happened first, the occupation of the Maya capital, or the creation of a capital in Payo Obispo?
how many days in a solar year date?
which was devised sooner between  260-day calendar and Long Count calendar?
How many is the difference in the number of days of the two calendars?
Who did the Mayans probably adopt the calendar system from?
How many troops were from Lithuania?
What happened first Soviet troops approached Lithuania or Soviet troops took 2/3rds of Lithuania?
What date was the Spartacist defeated?
How many towns did the Red army capture?
What happened first, Germans signed a treaty or the operation to take Kaunas began?
How many more Soviet troops were there than men in the Lithuanian army on December 12, 1918?
How many months after Soviet troops approached Lithuanian territory was teh Spartacist uprising subdued?
How many days after the Spartacist uprising was subded did the Soviets and Germans sign a treaty?
How many days after the treaty was signed between the Soviets and the Germans did the operation to take Kaunas begin?
How many days after the Soviet troops approached the Lithuanian territory was the Spartacist uprising subdued?
How many days after the Germans slowed down withdrawal of their troops after the Spartacist uprising was subdued did the Soviets and Germans sign a treaty?
How many days after the Soviets and Germans signed a treaty did the Red Army begin the operation to take Kaunas?
How many months after Soviet troops approached the Lithuanian territory did the operation to take Kaunas begin?
How many more hybrid cars could a new company add to their fleet than an existing company?
Did more Arlington residents have a car in 2015 or 2016?
How many more hybrid electric vehicles was EnviroCAB authorized to have than existing companies?
What year did more households in Arlington lack a car, 2015 or 2016?
How many less percent of Arlington households didn't have a car in 2016 compared with 2015?
How many hybrid electric vehicles were authorized to be cabs in Arlington in 2007?
How many fewer cars per household did Arlington have compared to the national average?
How many more people lacked a car in Arlington in 2015 than in 2016, in percentage?
Which was higher, the national average of those lacking a car in 2016 or the Arlington rate?
What does AIRE stand for?
How many points higher was Arlington's percentage of households without a car than the national average in 2016?
How many fewer cars per household did Arlington have than the national average in 2016?
How many more touchdowns did the Texans score than the Raiders?
Who threw the final touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Fitzpatrick throw?
In what quarter did the Raider outscore the Texans?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the second half?
How many field goals did Randy Bullock kick?
How many points in difference were between the winning and losing team?
How many passing touchdowns of 10-yards or less were scored?
How many yards were scored on all touchdown plays combined?
How many field goals of under 40-yards were converted?
How many field goals did Bills kicker Rian Lindell make?
After losing this game, how many losses did that make for the Bills?
How many touchdown passes did Patriots QB Tom Brady throw?
How many touchdown passes did Bills quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick make?
How many wins did the Eagles have after losing to the Broncos?
How many losses did the Eagles have after losing to the Broncos?
How many field goals did Folk kick in the first half?
How many yards was Folk's longest field goal?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Favre throw?
How many field goals did Nick Folk make in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre have prior to the Week 5 game?
How many yards was Nick Folk's longest made field goal of the game?
How many yards were each of the field goals in the first half?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
What all field goals did Nick Folk make in the first half?
How many total yards did Nick Folk kick for field goals in the first half?
How many total yards did Nick Folk kick for field goals in the second half?
What all field goals did Nick Folk make in the second half?
How many yards difference was Brett Favre’s touchdown pass to Randy Moss than the second touchdown pass to Percy Harvin?
How many yards difference was Brett Favre’s first touchdown pass to Percy Harvin than the second touchdown pass to Percy Harvin?
How many years did Jens Westengard serve as general advisor?
How many years did Wolcott Pitkin serve as general advisor?
What happened first: Strobel moved to Bangkok or an agreement between America and Siam?
What happened second: Strobel moved to Bangkok or an agreement between America and Siam?
Who was unable to find a suitable candidate in Europe?
Who was the Siamese Minister in Washington?
How many years was Jens Westengard general advisor for?
Who  took a leave of absence from his position as the Bemis Professor of International Law at Harvard School of Law?
How many years passed after the death of Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns until the death of Edward Henry Strobel?
Who did Phya Suriyanuwa find to replace Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns?
What happened first, the death of Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns, or Edward Henry Strobel representing the Kingom of Siam?
Who served as General Advisor in Foreign Affairs first, Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns or Edward Henry Strobel?
Where did Edward Henry Strobel work first, Harvard or the Kingdom of Siam?
How many years passed between the death of Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns and Edward Henry Strobel taking over as General Advisor?
How many years after taking the position of General Advisor did Edward Henry Strobel move oto Bangkok?
How many years after moving to Bangkok did Edward Henry Strobel die?
Who served as General Advisor earlier, Edward Henry Strobel or Jens Westengard?
Who served as General Advisor later, Wolcott Oitkin, or Eldon James,?
How many of those who served as General Advisor after Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns were former Harvard law professors?
How many of those who served as General Advisor after Gustave Rolin-Jaequemyns were not former Harvard law professors?
What team is Matt Schaub on?
Who scored the shortest field goal?
Who scored the longest field goal?
Whose stadium did the Texans play this game at?
How many field goal attempts did  Nick Folk  successfully convert in this game?
How many field goal attempts did  Neil Rackers successfully make in this game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which playercaught more than one touchdown pass?
Who had the first touchdown for the Texans?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which team allowed the least points in the second half?
Which team scored the least points in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make than Neil Rackers?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 30-yard field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers longest field goal than Nick Folk's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Mark Sanchez make?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest touchdown run?
Who won the game between the 49ers and the Eagles?
Who was the Chiefs starting Quarterback?
Who won the game between the Eagles and the 49ers?
Which team won the game between the 49ers and the Chiefs?
How many days was it from when advanced detachments appeared at the fortress and when Romodanovsky's forces joined?
How many days was it from when advanced detachments appeared at the fortress and when the main forces of the Turks appeared?
How many days was it from when Romodanovsky's forces joined and the Sula River was crossed?
How many days was it from when when the main forces of the Turks appeared at the fortress and when the Sula River was crossed?
How many days was it from when advanced detachements appeared at the fortress and when the Sula River was crossed?
Approximately how many months did it take the Sultan's army to get to Chyhyryn?
Which happened first, Ottomoan observation posts being removed or Paha retreating to the Inhul River?
How many days passed between the appearance of advanced detachments and the arrival of the main forces of the Turks?
How many days after the main Turk forces arrived at the fortress did Samoilovich and Grigory Romodanovsky's forces join them?
Where did Samoilovich and Grigory Romodanovsky's forces go first, the fortress or the Sula River?
How many days after the skirmish between Samoilovich and Grigory Romodanovsky's forces and Ottoman troops was the Turkish-Tatar army camp attacked?
How many days after the attack on the Turkish-Tatar army camp did Ibrahim Pasha lift the siege of Chyhyryn?
Where did Ibrahim Pasha go first, the Inhul River or Constantinople?
What date did Ibrahim Pasha lift the siege of Chyhyryn and retreat to the Inhul River?
How many weeks did it take for Samoilvich and Grigory Romodanovsky's forces to cross the Sula River after joining?
How many times did the Crimean Khan attempt to raid Moscow after he successfully burned it in 1571?
How many raids from the Crimean Khan were mentioned in Poland?
What happened first: Crimean Khan burned Moscow or forts were built?
What happened second: Crimean Khan burned Moscow or forts were built?
How many different years were raids on Poland mentioned?
How many years  was the raids on Poland mentioned?
How many years  between Crimean Khan burned Moscow and tried another large failed raid?
How many years after the first time Crimean Khan burned Moscow was he defeated when trying again?
How many years after 1571 did another large raid fail?
Which happened last, forts were built far to the south to block the Muravsky Trail or Another large raid failed?
How many years spanned from when forts were built far to the south to block the Muravsky Trail to Another large raid failed?
How many years are mentioned that there were raids on Poland?
Which year was the last raid on Poland?
What year did Crimean Khan try to burn Moscow for the second time?
How many total raids on Poland are mentioned?
How many years after the 1584 raid on Poland did the third raid on Poland take place?
When was Khan defeated a first time in trying  to burn down Moscow?
How many times did Khan fail at burning down Moscow?
How many times minimum was Poland raided?
How many times before 1572 did Khan succeed in burning Moscow?
When did Khan fail to burn down Moscow shortly after 1571?
How many times did Khan fail to burn down Moscow?
How many times did Khan succeed in burning down Moscow?
How many different years were their raids on Poland?
How many times did Khan failed in raids in Moscow?
How many more men did the Ottomans lose minimum than the Christians lost minimum?
How many more men did the Christians lose than their casualties for the Ottoman?
How many more Ottomans died than Christians at maximum estimate?
How many total casualties were there?
How many men did the Christians lose?
How many people did the Christians lose?
How many casualties did the Christians have?
How many men did the Ottomans lose?
How many casualties did the Ottomans have?
How many is the difference between the minimum amount of men the Christians lost vs the maximum amount of men the Ottomans lost?
How many more casualties was the maximum that the Christians suffered than the least number of Christians?
How many more casualties was the maximum that the Ottomans suffered than the least number of Ottomans?
By how many points did the Melbourne Storm win on 3 March 2000?
By how many points did the Melbourne Storm win aingast the Cronulla Sharks on 24 June 2000?
How many more people showed up to the 2007 Preliminary Final at Dockland's Stadium than showed up at the 1999 NRL Grand Final?
How many points did the Storm defeat the Eels by at the 2007 Preliminary Final at Dockland's Stadium?
How many points did the Storm win against the Sharks by?
How many fewer spectators were there at the Sharks vs Storm game than there were at the Storm vs Dragons game?
What year did the Melbourne Storm play in front of their biggest crowd?
How many spectators fans attended the Storm's game against St. George?
What year was the rematch of the NRL Grand Final played?
What was the date of the game in 2000 that attracted the most amount of spectators?
Which team scored the most points in the match that was held on March 3, 2000?
How many points did the Parramatta Eels score in the 2007 Preliminary final?
How many points did the Storm score against the Eels?
How many points did the Melbourne Storm beat the Dragons by?
How many more fans were at the 2007 Preliminary Final than at the 3 March 2000 game?
How many points did the Melbourne Storm defeat the Parramatta Eels by?
How many points did the Melbourne Storm beat the Cronulla Sharks by?
How many fans are the most fans the Melbourne Storm have played in front of?
How many total points are scored in this game?
How many points did the St. Louis Rams have at the end?
How many field goals are in this game?
What is DeSean Jackson?
How many points did Philadelphia win by?
How many players had over 100 yards receiving?
How many times did the Rams score in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did McNabb throw?
Which player ran for the most yards in a single play?
Which team scored on both first possessions?
Which team lost the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
how many points did the eagles beat the rams with?
how many yards did jackson pull down?
how many points were there in the second?
how many yards did baskett score?
how many yards did Jackson punt?
how many points did Philly grow too?
how many yards did mcnabb throw?
how many yards did westbrook run?
how many yards did lewis and baskett each get?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
How many quarters did the Rams go scoreless?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many yards longer was the longest reception relative to the second longest?
How many players had more than 100-yards recieving?
How many total touchdowns under 10-yards in length were scored?
How many touchdown passes over 20 yards were completed?
How many field goals over 40 yards were completed?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many total field goal yards did Chris Boswell kick?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which field goals did Chris Boswell make?
How many yards shorter was Chris Boswell's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Chris Boswell or Kai Forbath?
How many more field goals did Chris Boswell make compared to Kai Forbath?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Who threw a 98 yard interception?
Who caught a 61 yard touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
In which quarter did the Ravens score their first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
Who kicked more field goals, Matt Prater or Justin Tucker?
How many yard longer was the longest field goal of the game than the shortest?
How many yards longer was Flacco's longest touchdown pass than Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass?
How many wins did the Chiefs have before the game?
How many field goals were recorded?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many FGs were there in the first half?
How many losses did the chiefs have before this game?
How many total Field Goals were in this game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's first field goal compared to Adam Vinatieri's first field goal?
Which kicker scored fewer field goals over the course of the entire game?
How many more field goals did Adam Vinatieri kick compared to Ryan Succop?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the entire game?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 25 yards?
How many field goals were kicked shorter than 25 yards?
In what quarter were the most field goals kicked?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal compared to Ryan Succop's longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How long was the longest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the second longest field goal of the second half?
How long were each of Adam Vinatieri's field goals?
Which players kicked field goals of longer than 40 yards?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Adam Vinatieri make?
How many total yards of field goals did Ryan Succop make?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal than Ryan Succop's longest field goal?
Which player scored at least 2 field goals in the first half?
Which player scored at least 4 field goals?
Which player scored at least 2 field goals in the second half?
Which player scored at least 2 field goals in the second half?
Which player scored at least 1 field goal in the first half?
Which player scored at least 1 field goal in the first half?
Which player scored at least 1 field goal in the second half?
Which player scored at least 1 field goal in the second half?
How many total yards of field goals did Vinatieri make?
How many total yards of field goals did Succop make?
Who scored the third longest field goal?
how many yards did adan vinatieri make?
how many yards did vinatieri follow up with?
how many yards did ryan succop nail?
how many yards did the colts increase with?
how many yards did succop tie with?
how many yards did mike hart get?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
How many yards difference exists between Adam Vinatieri's longest and shortest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many field goals between 25 and 44 yards were made?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Which quarter had the most field goals?
Which kicker kicked fewer field goals?
How many total field goals were kicked from less than 40 yards?
What happened first, the entrance of John to Perpignan, or the placement of the garrisons?
How many castles did John place garrisons at?
What happened first, the treaty of Bayonne, or the French counter-attack?
How many months passed between the truce and the treaty?
What happened first, the treaty of Bayonne, or John's return to Barcelona?
Who did Franceconquer first, Roussillon or Perpignan?
How many years passed between the conquer of Roussillon and the French raiding the Empordà?
How many years were there between the French raid on Empordà and the John ceding two provinces to France?
Which three cities experienced revolts in 1478?
How was John able to obtain a truce at Perpignan?
How many days passed between John entering Perpignan and the treaty at Perpignan?
How many years passed between John entering Perpignan and him ceding two provinces to France?
How many years passed between the French conquering Roussillon and Perpignan falling to them?
Which two provinces did John cede to France?
Who did Aragon and Valencia revolt against?
How many castles did John place Catalan garrisons on?
How many years after John entered Perpignan did he cede it to France?
Which team scored first?
How many safeties went against Green Bay?
How long was the failed field goal?
Which two players scored a field goal from the same yard line?
Who made the last score of the first half?
How many successful field goals were there in the game?
Which players kicked succssful field goals in the game?
How many yards in successful field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the game?
Which team scored first?
Who is the Dolphin's kicker?
Who is the Bill's quarterback?
What was the Dolphins' record before the game?
How many points did the Dolphins have in the first quarter?
How many times did the Dolphins score from the 1 yard line?
What was the final score?
Who threw the longest pass?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many more points did the Dolphins score compare to the Bills by the game's end?
From what yard line were the most touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was Vontae Davis' touchdown compared to Ricky Williams' touchdown?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, Ricky Williams or  Vontae Davis?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Dolphins winning by at halftime?
Were there more points scored in the first half or second half?
How many touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many second quarter touchdowns did Manning throw?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest made field goal?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri  successfully convert?
How many touchdown plays were from a distance of less than 5 yards?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the third shortest field goal?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How many yards were all Garcon's touchdowns combined?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than in the first?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first half than in the second?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did Austria participate in the Russo-Turkish War?
Which happened first, the Ottoman Emprei's war with Persia or the Austro-Turkish War?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War and Austro-Turkish War overlap?
How many years did the The Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did the The Russo-Turkish War and Austro-Turkish War overlap?
How many years after the Russo-Turkish War started did Austria join the war on the Russia side?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many year did the Austro-Turkish War last?
How many year did the Russo-Turkish War and Austro-Turkish War overlap?
What event happened second, Austro-Turkish War or Russo-Turkish War?
When did the Senussi Campaign start in North Africa?
When did the Senussi Campaign end in North Africa?
What year did the Senussi Campaign end in North Africa?
How many months did the Sensui Campaign last?
How many months elapsed between the re-capture of the coast and the negotiation of peace?
How many countries were the Senussi resident in?
How many years did the Senussi Campaign take place?
What happened first: Ottomans persuaded the Grand Senussi or peace was negotiated?
What happened second: Ottomans persuaded the Grand Senussi or peace was negotiated?
How many years passed between the Ottomans persuaded the Grand Senussi to declare jihad and peace was negotiated?
Of the foreign-born ethnic Bulgarians, who had the higher population, Ottoman Empire-born, or Romanian-born?
How many percent of people were not born in another Bulgarian municipality than the one they were enumerated in?
How many percent of people were not foreign-born ethnic Bulgarians?
How many percent of refugees were not from Eastern Thrace?
How many percent of refugees were not from Aegean Macedonia?
How many percent of refugees were not from Western Thrace?
How many percent of refugees were not from Dobruja?
How many percent of refugees were not from the Western Outlands?
How many percent of refugees were not from Asia Minor?
How many percent of refugees were not from Vardar Macedonia?
How many percent of people were not refugees?
Which were there of according to the 1910 census, those who were Ottoman Empire-born or those who were Romanian-born?
Where were there less than 2,000 born according to the 1910 census?
Where did more of the refugees come from by the 1926 census, from Dobruja or the Western Outlands?
How many years is the time span where the total number of refugees is estimated at between 700,000 and 1,200,000?
How many more of the refugees came from Eastern Thrace, by percent than from Aegean Macedonia?
Which three locations did less than five percent of the refugees come from?
How many years was the time span where it is estimated that the total number of refugees is estimated between 700,000 and 1,200,000?
How many more Ottoman Empire-born than Romanian born people were there?
Which area did more people come from, Eastern Thrace or Western Thrace?
Which areas each had less than 5% of refugees?
How many areas each had over 10% of the refugees of 1926 census?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdowns?
How many yards did Rivers have for the game?
How many more yards did Manning throw for than Rivers?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning throw?
Which team scored a safety?
How many touchdowns were thrown by Rivers in the second half?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw this game?
How many points did the Chargers score in the first half?
How many interceptions did Rivers throw in the first half?
Which team scored a safety?
How many yards did Rivers throw for in the first half?
How many more games had the Chargers lost than Denver?
How many points did the Chargers lose to Denver by?
How many more punts were there than turnovers in their first 12 possessions?
Which player had more than one touchdown?
How many points in total were scored?
How many years was Bishop Laneau able to continue his missionary work after peace was achieved?
Which missionary worked first, Bishop Laneau or Father Corre?
How many years passed between peace being achieved and Bishop Laneau's death?
Who took Mgr Lebon's place?
How many years did a French group of gunners participate in the Burmese invasions of Siam?
What happened first: Father Corre resumed missionary work or Lebon had to leave?
What happened second: Father Corre resumed missionary work or Lebon had to leave?
How many years passed between Father Corre resuming his missionary work and Lebon having to leave because of persecutions?
For how many years was Bishop Laneau able to resume his missionary work before his death?
How many years after peace was achieved did Bishop Laneau die?
Who served as Bishop first, Bishop Laneau or Bishop Louis of Cice?
How many years did the gunners led by Chevalier Milard participate in the invasions of Siam?
How many years after the Burmese invasions did Father Corre resume missionary work in Siam?
Who did missionary work in Siam later, Father Corre or Mgr Lebron?
How many years after peace was achieved did Bishop Laneau die?
How many years did Bishop Laneau live after peace was achieved and he was able to resume his missionary work?
How many years did a French group of gunners led by Chevalier Milard participated to the Burmese invasions of Siam, as an elite corps of the Burmese army?
Who resumed missionary work first Bishop Louis of Cice or Bishop Laneau?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw the shortest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes in the first and second quarters?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes in total?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Matt Leinart's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
In which two quarters were no field goals scored?
How many yards longer was Edgerrin James' touchdown compared to Nate Burleson's?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was Matt Hasselbeck's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck make?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Hasselbeck or Matt Leinart?
How many touchdown passes between 4 and 20 yards were made?
How many total yards did Matt Hasselbeck throw for touchdowns?
Which player threw the second most amount of touchdown passes?
Which player scored the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
Which field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many yards separated the first two touchdowns in length?
How many yards longer was the initial passing touchdown compared to the second?
How many yards did the first two passing touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did all passing touchdowns combine for?
How many passing touchdowns measured 10-yards or less?
How many yards did the three shortest touchdowns combine for?
How many touchdowns measured 20-yards or longer?
How many field goals measured between 30-yards and 40-yards in length?
Which team scored the least points in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did Havner score?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the game?
Which team played the Eagles in week 9?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team lost the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown reception?
How many times did the Cowboys score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many times did the Cowboys score?
Which country was Pokémon Black and White released in first, Europe, North America or Australia?
How many months after the final release date was announced were the games set to be released?
How many days after Pokémon Black and White was released in Europe was it released in North America?
How many days after Pokémon Black and White was released in North America was it released in Australia?
How many months after Pokémon Black and White was released did Nintendo release Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 in Japan for Nintendo DS
Which Pokémon generation released more Pokémon characters, the first generation or the fifth generation?
How many Pokémon were there prior to the 156 new ones?
How many days after Pokémon Black and White was released in Europe was it released in North America?
How many years after Pokémon Black and White was released did Nintendo release Pokémon Black 2 and White 2?
How many months after the games were originally announced by the Pokémon Company was the firth generation of Pokémon released in Japan for Nintendo DS?
Where was Pokémon Black and White release first, Europe or Australia?
Did the nominal population increase more in the White, Other group or the the Black, African group from 2001 to 2011?
How many more people were there in the Black, African group in 2011 compared to 2001?
Were there more people in the White, Other group or the Black, African group in 2011?
How many more people were in the White, Other group in 2001 compared to the Black, African group in 2001?
How many fewer people were in the White, Irish group in 2011 compared to 2001?
How many people did the black population increase by in 2001?
How many people did the white, Irish population decrease by in 2001?
Which saw a bigger increase in population, White, other group or Black, African group?
Which saw a larger decrease in population, White, British or White, Irish?
Which population grew more between 2001 and 2011, White or Black?
Who had a smaller nominal population increase, Whites or Blacks?
Who had the largest nominal fall in population, White, British or White, Irish?
What group had the lesser fall, White, Irish or Black?
How many people did the population decline by in the White, Irish group?
How many people did the population of the Black, African group increase by?
By how many did the White, Irish group fall?
By how many did the Black group increase?
How many more Black, African group numbers increased in 2001?
How many total years did the greatest nominal population increase for in the White, Other group?
How many years was the time span where the greatest nominal population increase was in the White?
How many more Black, African's where there after the increase?
How many less White, Irish were there are their count fell?
how many yards did billy cundiff kick
How many yards was the longest field goal?
From what distance did both teams score a touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes were completed in the game?
Which two quarters each had two touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes took place in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
Which player threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in touchdown scoring plays or field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns?
How many yards were all of Anquan Boldin's touchdowns combined?
How many yards longer was Anquan Boldin's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Anquan Boldin's touchdowns on average?
How many of Anquan Boldin's touchdowns were under 10 yards?
How many yards in touchdowns were there in total?
How many more yards were all of Anquan Boldin's touchdowns combined compared to all the other touchdowns in the game combined?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Joe Flacco or Seneca Wallace?
How many more touchdown passes did Joe Flacco make over Seneca Wallace?
Which touchdown passes did Joe Flacco make?
How many total yards did Joe Flacco throw for touchdown passes?
Which players had touchdown passes longer 5 yards?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 15 and 50 yards were made?
How many touchdowns did Boldin have?
How many yards was Boldin's shortest touchdown catch?
How many touchdown passes were there total during the game?
How many total yards were kicked by Randy Bullock?
How many field goals were kicked by Zane Gonzalez of the Browns?
How many yards were thrown for touchdown passes by Andy Dalton?
How many wins did the Bengals have on the season after beating the Browns?
How many losses did the Bengals have on the season after beating the Browns?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals did Zane Gonzalez successfully make in the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many field goals were longer than 25 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were there during the second half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did Bengals lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored more field goals, Randy Bullock or Zane Gonzalez?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards did Jeremy Hill run for to score the first touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game, the Bengals or the Chiefs?
Which team made three field goals in a row?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
how many yards did hill run?
how many yards did bernard run?
how many yards did tate pass?
how many yards did hill run in the third?
how many yards did santos get?
how many yards did santos get in the fourth?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bengals win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Bengals ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total combined field goal yards did Cairo Santos make?
How many yards longer was Cairo Santos' longest field goal than his shortest field goal?
How many 51-yard field goals did Cairo Santos make?
How many total running touchdown yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which players ran for a touchdown of at least 5 yards?
How many total running touchdown yards did Jeremy Hill run for?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bengals winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bengals win the game by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player had at least two touchdown runs?
Who were the first hostages released?
How many people were taken hostage in July?
What was the dollar amount of the smaller offer?
What prisoner's release was demanded in addition to the smaller offer?
What happened last, Roland Ullah was set free or Abu Sayaf occupied Sipadan ?
How many groups of people were taken hostage at the Malaysian dive resort?
What was the largest group to be taken hostage, tourists, resort workers or foreign nationals?
How many months was the hostages held captive by  Abu Sayyaf guerrillas May 2000 before they were freed in September 2000?
How many of the hostages taken by Abu Sayyaf guerillas were not foreign nationals?
Who were the first hostages released by the guerillas?
How many more hostages were taken in July of 2000?
How many hostages were not freed by September 16, 2000?
How many years was Roland Ullah held hostage?
How many touchdowns did the Jets score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Buffalo score in the first half?
How many field goals did the Jets score in the first half?
How many points did the Jets' field goals in the first half result into?
Who went for the longest touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked by Mike Nugent that were over 20 yards?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half of the game?
how many yards did mcgahee run in the first?
how many yards did evans pass?
how many yards did Lindell gain?
how many yards did Royal pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many yards were each of Losman's TD passes?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
When did the first attack happen?
In what month was Kaifeng attacked and was the Lowang Railway station taken?
In what month was the Taihang Mountain cleared and was the Tao-tsin Railroad cut?
How many bridges Anyang succeeded in destroying along the roads?
How many days was it from when the 3rd Army Group guerrillas cut the Lung-hai Railway was the Lowang Railway station was taken?
How many days was it from when the 47th Corps cleared Taihang Mountain until  the Lowang Railway station was taken
Who scored the first 27 points?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady have?
How many yards did Gostkowski kick in field goals?
How many field goals did the Texans score on?
How many of the touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many yards of field goals did Gostkowski kick?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more running touchdowns were there compared to passing?
What player had the longest touchdown running?
How many field goals did Gostkowski score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Faulk score in the first half?
How many TD passes did Brady have in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What all touchdowns did Brady make?
How many more yards was Brady's touchdown pass to Faulk than his to Jabar Gaffney?
What are field goals did Gostkowski make?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Brady complete?
Which quarter did both teams kick a field goal?
What was the longest field goal of the gmae?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many points did the Packers score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Packers score in the first half?
Which kicker had the longest field goal of the first half?
Which kicker scored the fewest field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which receiver had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did both quarterbacks throw?
How many points did the Redskins score in the first half?
How many field goal attempts were successfully converted?
How many field goals did Graham Gano successfully convert?
How many field goals did  Mason Crosby successfully make in the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored in overtime?
Which player scored first for the Redskins?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did the two teams kick?
Which team scored a 53-yard field goal?
Who scored a 53-yard field goal?
Who kicked a 42-yard game winner?
Who made two punts?
Who tied the game?
Who scored a TD to tie the game
Who returned a punt
How many TD's did the Packers get
Who punted?
How many touchdowns did Avant score?
How many offensive touchdowns did the Packers score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards worth of field goals did Crosby kick?
How many yards longer was Crosby's first field goal than his second?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did Tampa win by?
How many field goals were made in the 1st quarter?
Which team allowed the most points?
How many years passed between the coup in Moscow and the uprising in 1611?
Which happened first, the Poles defeating the first wave or the imprisonment of Patriarch Hermogenes?
What was Hermogenes title?
How many years after the 1606 coup did the the citizens of Moscow revolt again?
How many points did the 49ers lose by?
In which quarter did the niners first trail?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was Longwell's second field goal over his first one?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Longwell's longest field goal than his shortest one?
How many yards shorter was the shortest TD pass than the longest one?
How many yards longer was the first field goal when compared to the first touchdown?
How many yards did the first two scoring plays combine for?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards per carry did Adrian Peterson average during this game?
How many yards per completed pass did Trent Dilfer average during this game?
How many field goals measuring longer than 40-yards were completed?
How many more losses than wins did the 49ers have after this game?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards shorter was the shortest passing touchdown when compared to the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards did all touchdowns combine for?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
How many total field goal yards did Longwell make?
Which happened last, the ruling that a state of war no longer existed, or the enactment of Public Safety Acts?
How many days passed between the passing of the second Publc Safety Act and the general election?
Who got a higher percentage of the vote, the pro-Free State party or Sinn Fein?
How many of the Republican prisoners did not go on a hunger strike in 1923?
What happened first, the release of most of the women prisoners, or the hunger strike?
How many, as a percentage, of Republican prisoners went on a hunger strike in October, 1923?
How many days between the two Public Safety Acts passed in August 1923?
How many more of the vote did the  pro-Free State party win in the August 1923 election?
How many months after the High Court of Justice in Ireland ruled that a state of war no longer existed was it that a general election was held?
How many percent of voters did not vote for the party Cumann na nGaedheal in the general election in 1923?
How many percent of votors in the 1923 election voted for a party other than Sinn Fein?
How many Republican prisoners did not go on a hunger strike in October 1923?
How many of the 12,000 prisoners did not go on a hunger strike?
What Republican ran in the election on 27 August 1923?
How many Republicans being held prisoner in Free State gaols did not participate in the hungar strike?
What party lost the election on August 27, 1923?
How many days after the High Court of Justice in Ireland ruled that the state of war no longer existed did the government enact the first Public Safety Act?
How many months after the Free State government started peace negotiations did the High Court of Justice in Ireland rule that a state of war no longer existed?
How many days after the first Public Safety Act was enacted was a general election held?
How many Republican prisoners in Free State gaols did not go on a hunger strike?
How many days passed while the two Public Safety Acts were being enacted?
How many of the prisoners did not go on hunger strike?
How many months after the Public Safety Acts were enacted did the prisoners go on a hunger strike?
How many percent of the vote did not go to the Republicans?
Which event happened first, when the forces led by Tabinshwhti and Bayinnaung invaded Siam via the Three Pagodas Pass, or when Saw Lagun Ein's forces defeated Siamese forces and re took down to Tavoy?
Which two locations did the Burmese fail to capture during their invasion of Siam?
Which location did the Burmese try to take first, Ayutthaya or Kamphaeng Phet?
How many months after their siege was broken did the Burmese negotiate their safe retreat in exchange for the nobles they captured?
Which country started the Burmese-Siamese Wars?
What happened first: Ein defeated Siamese forces or Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung invaded Siam?
What happened second: Ein defeated Siamese forces or Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung invaded Siam?
How many people led the 12000 Toungoo force?
Which area saw fighting first, Ye or the Three Pagodas Pass?
How many months after the October invasion did the Burmese retreat?
What two cities could not be taken?
Who invaded Siam?
What was the first area that Tabinshwehti took over?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the winning field goal?
Who had the longest run of the night?
How long was Mike Foster's touchdown run?
Which team tied it up yet again with a 45-yard field goal by Shayne Graham?
Who caught a 22-yard touchdown pass?
How many catches did Johnson have?
How many touchdowns did Foster have?
How many touchdowns did Forsett score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many TD's did both teams combines score in the second quarter?
How many times in a row had the Lions lost during a Thanksgiving game before this one?
Which player scored the last points for the Lions?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many field goals were successful during the second half?
How many yards was the shortest successful field goal?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were scored?
Which player scored on the longest touchdown play?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were there?
Which players scored on touchdowns shorter than 3 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared with the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
What gave Kansas City the lead in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Dave Rayner kick?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Dave Rayner's second field goal compared to his first?
How many touchdowns did Larry Johnson score in the fourth quarter?
Who scored more field goals, Dave Rayner or Sebastian Janikowski?
Who was the Viking Quarterback?
Who was the Packer Quarterback?
Who was the Viking kicker?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team scored last?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored more field goals, Dave Rayner or Ryan Longwell?
How many yards longer was Dave Rayner's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the shortest field goal in the fourth quarter?
How many total field goal yards did Dave Rayner kick?
Who won the Battle of Tsushima in the Russo-Japanese War?
How many years after the Battle of Tsushima was the Battle of Jutland?
What was the HMS Argus prior to being an aircraft carrier?
What battle started first: Battle of Tsushima or Battle of Jutland?
What battle started last: Battle of Tsushima or Battle of Jutland?
What war started first: Russo-Japanese War or World War I?
What war started last: Russo-Japanese War or World War I?
How many were in attendance at this game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Which player scored three touchdowns?
How many total points had been scored by halftime?
How many years did the raids of Hans Thomas Absberg last?
How many years did the raids of Hans Thomas Absberg span?
How many cities did Thomas of Absberg kidnap merchants and diplomats from?
How many years did the raids of Hans Thomas Absberg last?
How many years was Hans Thomas Absberg raids documented?
How many years were the raids of Hans Thomas Absberg documented?
What was the earliest year for Eberhardt serving in the Pacific Fleet as a signals officer?
What was the latest year for Eberhardt serving in the Pacific Fleet as a signals officer?
Which happened first, Eberhardt being promoted to Vice Admiral or Eberhardt being arrested by the Cheka?
How many years after being moved to the Black Sea Fleet was Eberhardt promoted to Rear Admiral?
What was Eberhardt's position after being a signals officer?
Which happened first, the Boxer Rebellion or the Battle of Cape Sarych?
How many years did Eberhardt serve as a flag officer before acting as a gunnery officer?
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, Eberhardt graduating from the Marine Cadet Corps, or Eberhardt being arrested by the Cheka?
How many years was he in the Pacific fleet?
what happened first, Eberhardt served in the Pacific Fleet or he graduated the Cadet Corps?
How many years past from when he first became a flag officer to when he became one for Admiral Tyrov?
How many wars take place?
what major war take place?
What happened first, World War I or Russo-Japanese War?
What happened first: Eberhardt graduated or served in the Pacific Fleet?
What happened second: Eberhardt graduated or served in the Pacific Fleet?
What happened first: Eberhardt became a flag officer or gunnery officer?
What happened second: Eberhardt became a flag officer or gunnery officer?
Who died in 1919?
Who is buried in the Novodeviche Cemetery in Petrograd?
Who commanded the Russian battleship squadron during the Battle of Cape Sarych?
How many years after Eberhardt graduated from the Marine Cadet Corps did he become a flag officer?
How many field goals were successfully converted?
How many touchdowns that were over 30 yards were scored?
How many yards was  John Carney's longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
From what yard line did  John Carney kick 2 field goals?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, Lance Moore or Jonathan Stewart?
How many yards longer was Jonathan Stewart's touchdown compared to Lance Moore's?
Who had a longer touchdown, DeAngelo Williams or Jonathan Stewart?
How many yards longer was Carney's longest field goal over his shortest one?
Which quarter did Carney score his shortest field goal?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many yards longer was the longest TD pass over the shortest one?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
Which player had the longest touchdown catch?
How many total yards did John Carney kick on field goals?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest touchdown passes of the game?
Who scored the second longest touchdown?
Which Panthers players scored touchdowns?
How many touchdowns over 30 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was the field goal by John Carney in the third quarter compared to his field goal in the fourth quarter?
Who had the shortest touchdown of the game?
What position does LaRod Stephens-Howling play?
What city are the Steelers from?
How long was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
What type of touchdown was the last score of the game?
How many touchdowns did Gates have?
Who caught the first TD pass?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals did Kaeding make?
How many touchdowns did Rivers throw to Gates?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many points did the Bengals  win by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
Which team scored a TD in the first half?
Which team had the most field goals in the first half?
Which allowed the most points at the half?
How many field goals were kicked from between 25 and 50 yards?
How many yards longer was Randy Bullock's longest field goal over his shortest?
How many more field goals did Randy Bullock have in the game than Matt Prater?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards did Keith score?
How many yards did Manning pass?
Which yard line did both teams score from?
Which team had the lead at halftime?
How many times did Manning throw to Clark?
What was the longest touchdown play?
How many years did the Dutch Reformed Church stay in service.
How many years was the Dutch Reformed Church one of the two major Reformed denominations along with the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands?
How many other countries did the ch Reformed Church spread to?
Which was the Dutch Royal Family religion first, the Dutch Reformed Church or the United Church?
How many years did the Dutch Reformed Church function?
How many other churches did the Dutch Reformed Church merge with in 2004?
On what month, day, and 1/10 of a decade did somebody forbade the summary executions?
On what 1/12 of a year did somebody forbade the summary executions?
On what 1/365 of the year did somebody forbade the summary executions?
On what 1/10 of a decade did somebody forbade the summary executions?
How many people did Reichswehr lose to death?
How many people did Reichswehr lose to not being found?
Over how many lives were lost in the fighting?
How many days after the French occupied towns such as Frankfurt, Hanau and Darmstadt did the Reichswehr control all of the northern Ruhr area?
How many days after a large part of the Ruhr Army fled did the French occupy towns like Frankfurt, Hanau and Darmstadt?
How many towns were listed as being occupied on April 6th?
How many days passed between Reichspräsident Ebert forbidding executions and the Reichswehr controlling all of the northern Ruhr area?
How many more lives were lost by the Freikorps than the Reichswehr?
How many more Reischwehr were dead than missing?
Which lost more lives, the Reichswehr or the Freikorps?
How many times was Russell Wilson intercepted?
How many touchdowns did the Packers have?
How many consecutive quarters did Seattle go without a sack?
How many touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers throw?
How many interceptions did Aaron Rodgers throw?
How many interceptions did Wilson throw?
How many touchdowns did Rodgers throw?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns?
How many interceptions did the Packers get?
Where did the term Rus' end up referring to?
How many years did it take for the term Ukrainian to become more popular?
What happened first Galicia-Lodomeria became a province or Ukrainians stopped calling themselves Rus?
How many years after Austria made Galicia-Lodomeria a province did the empire fall apart?
What term was used before Ukraine to refer to the region?
How many years after the Austrian monarchy made vassal state Galicia-Lodomeria a province did the empire fall?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored first for the Vikings?
How many points did the Vikings win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team won this game?
Who was winning at the half?
How many points were the Texans winning by at the half?
How many games did the Texans win this season?
How many games had the colts lost this season?
What team scored the first points of the game, Houston or Colts?
What team scored more points in thee game, Colts or Houston?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw for in the game?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers score in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many incomplete passes did Manning throw?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which player scored more field goals, Neil Rackers or Adam Vinatieri?
How many incomplete passes did Peyton Manning throw?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many more field goal yards did Neil Rackers have than Adam Vinatieri?
How many of Peyton Manning's attempted passes did he not complete?
How many more yards did the Colts' two touchdowns take than the two touchdowns the Texans scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many incomplete passes did Peyton Manning throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Neil Rackers or Adam Vinatieri?
How many points did the Titans have at half time?
In what quarter did both teams get a touchdown?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
How many total yards of field goals did Bironas have in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Vince Young or Quinn Gray?
How many yards longer was Quinn Gray's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total yards did Quinn Gray throw for touchdowns?
Which field goals did Quinn Gray make?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes longer than 1 yard did Quinn Gray throw?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Rob Bironas  kick?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first two quarters?
Who scored earlier, Greg Jones or Maurice Jones-Drew?
Which player scored a touchdown longer than 10 yards?
Which players scored a touchdown shorter than 10 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
From what yard lines did Greg Jones score touchdowns?
From what yard lines did Quinn Gray throw touchdown passes?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored that were longer than 7 yards?
How many touchdowns were there during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which was the only quarter that only one team scored during?
How many more yards rushing did Jones-Drew have than the entire Tennessee team?
How many yards was the last field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the Jets' rushing touchdown?
How many yards were ran on touchdown plays?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown run compared to the longest field goal?
Who booted the shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Kasay kick?
How many field goals of at least 25 yards did Kasay make?
Who scored on the longest TD play?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who made the longest scoring play?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal over his second longest?
Which kicker had field goals of at least 40 yards?
How many points did Denver let the Cowboys score?
Which team caught two interceptions?
Who do the Dallas Cowboys play next?
What 1/12 of a year did Erard and Philippa land in France?
What 1/10 of a decade did Erard and Philippa land in France?
What 1/12 of a year did Blanche of Navarre besieged Noyers?
What 1/10 of a decade did Blanche of Navarre besieged Noyers?
How many kings are mentioned?
Who is the king of Spain and the Portuguese?
where did he escape?
Which king was given a truce?
How many people were the Barons sworn to support?
Which of these people were the Barons sworn to support
How many months passed between Erard taking up position in Noyers and the Blanche of Navarre besieging it?
How many months passed between Erard submitting the matter to the king for arbitration and the king hearing his suit?
How many months passed between Erard and Philippa landing in France and King Philip II hearing Erard's suit at Melun?
How many months passed between Erard and Philippa landing in France and the besiegement of Noyers?
How many months after Blanche beseiged Noyers did King Philip IIhear Erard's suit?
How many reasons did the king have for ruling in Blanche's favor?
Who gave homage to the king first, Blanche or Theobald IV?
How many years before Theobald IV, had Blanche done homage to the king?
How many total European military were killed, disabled or injured from 1914 to 1918?
How many of the active male population id Austria-Hungary and France lose?
How many years were European military personnel mobilised?
How many men were either permanently disabled or seriously injured?
Which country lost the largest percentage of its active male population?
Approxiamately how many European military personnel were not disabled, injured or killed?
How many years were the European military personnel mobilised in the war?
Who had in percentage lost the most of it's active male population: Germany or Austria-Hungary?
Who had in percentage lost the least of it's active male population: Germany or Austria-Hungary?
Who had in percentage lost the least of it's active male population: Germany or France?
How many years did the subsequent famine last?
During how many years were 8 million killed?
How many more people were killed than were disabled between 1914 to 1918?
How many more were seriously injured than killed between 1914 and 1918?
How many percentage points difference is there between how much France lost of its population and how much Austria-Hungary lost?
How many years of famine in Russia did it take to kill between 5 and 10 million people?
Were more military personnel killed or permanently disabled?
Who lost more of itsactive male population, Germany or France?
How many factors contributed to the number of homeless children in Russia?
How many millions of European casualties were there between 1914 and 1918?
Which 2 countries lost the most percentage of their active male populations?
How many millions is the difference between the lowest estimate of homeless children in Russia and the highest estimate?
Who scored first?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many penalties did the Vikings have in the game?
How many points did the Vikings score last week?
Who won the game?
How many more points than rebounds did James average per game?
How many points in total did James score in Games 5 and 6?
How many teams have come back from a 3-1 series deficit in the Finals?
How many players in the history of the NBA have lead both teams in all five statistical categories for a playoff round?
Which categories are included in statistics for players?
How many more points in a game did the Ravens score than the previous record?
What is the longest kickoff return of Jacoby Jones career?
How many points did the Ravens score in the game?
How many wins in a row at home did the Ravens have entering the game?
How many points did the Ravens score above their previous single-game record?
How many total culverins did Farra have?
How many total men from the Dutch Republic were in service to the Venetians?
How many warships blocked the Spanish support?
What happend in May 1617?
What happend in 1616?
How many more Dutch warships were there than English warships?
How many more men did Johan Ernst van Nassau-Siegen agree to raise than what came six months later?
How many more men arrived in May 1617 compared to the men who followed six months later?
How many Dutch and English warships were blocking Spanish support?
How many months after Johan Ernst van Nassau-Siegen agreed to raise 3000 men from the Dutch Republic for Venetian service did they arrive?
How many men in total arrived from the Dutch Republic for Venetian service?
How many Dutch and English warships blocked Spanish support?
How many more guns were there than small culverins?
How many more large culverins were there than small culverins?
Which was there more of, guns or small culverins?
How many more men were raised from the Dutch Republic the first time than the second time?
How many more Dutch warships were there than English?
Philip supported Ferdinand as the next Holy Roman Emperor in return for the cession of how many places?
How many months after Johan Ernst van Nassau-Siegen agree to raise 3,000 men from the Dutch Republic did the second group of 2,000 arrive?
How many total warships were in the flotilla which blocked Spanish support?
Was Archduke Fedinand on the Venetian side or the Spanish side?
In what year was the negotiated settlement between Ferdinand and the venetians made, which made the permanent Austrian garrison in Senj?
Who had a bye week the week before?
What team scored first?
What team won?
How many points did both teams score at half time?
How far was the longest pass?
Who made the shortest touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
Which player scored first in the second half?
When was the last time the Bears hosted the Jaguars?
How many games had the Bears lost coming into this game?
Which team lost?
How many points did the Jaguars have at halftime?
How many points did the Bears have at the half?
How many punts were there in the third quarter?
How many points did the Jaguars have at the half?
How many points did the Bears have at half time?
How many losses did the Bears have before this game?
How many more yards of field goals did Connor Barth score than
How many total yards of field goals did Connor Barth make?
How long were each of Connor Barth's field goals?
How many yards difference exists between Connor Barth's longest and shortest field goal?
Which players had one yard touchdown runs?
Which player scored a touchdown by halftime?
How many years passed between Bayinnaung at Autthaya's initial invasion on Lan Xang via Phitsanulok and the last minor rebellion from Lan Xang?
How many years after did an expedition happen in Vientiane?
Who did not trouble Bayinnaung during the rest of his reign?
Did Setthathirath's death occur before or after the expedition in 1572?
How many expeditions were there?
When was the first expedition?
Who was promoted during the time of the third expedition?
Who led the first expedition?
What route was used in the first expedition?
What happened after the third expedition?
Which army gave up and left Vientiane in May 1570?
Who led another expedition, and put his nominee on the Lan Xang throne in November 1574?
What happened first: Bayinnaung invaded Lan Xang or Setthathirath fled Vientiane?
What happened second: Bayinnaung invaded Lan Xang or Setthathirath fled Vientiane?
What happened first: the Burmese army left Vientiane or Setthathirath's death?
What happened second: the Burmese army left Vientiane or Setthathirath's death?
What happened first: Setthathirath's death or king himself led another expedition?
What happened second: Setthathirath's death or king himself led another expedition?
What happened first: Setthathirath again fled Vientiane or Burmese army gave up?
What happened second: Setthathirath again fled Vientiane or Burmese army gave up?
What happened first: Lan Xang gave no trouble or Setthathirath's death?
What happened second: Lan Xang gave no trouble or Setthathirath's death?
How many years after the king put his nominee on the Lan Xang throne was there a minor rebellion?
Which QB had 2 interceptions?
How many points did Minnesota win by?
How many points did Tampa Bay lose by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many interceptions did the Vikings defense get?
how many yards did keenum throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many touchdowns were in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the first two quarters?
Which player had the first touchdown reception?
Which team was playing with home field advantage?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Redskins lose by?
How many fewer wins than losses did the Redskins have for the season?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many points did Tampa win by?
How many TD passes did Campbell throw?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
How many more losses than wins did the Redskins have after the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many more touchdowns did Campbell throw than Gradkowski?
How many more points were scored in the second half than in the first?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Patriots or Cardinals?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
Who had the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many touchdowns did Greg Olsen score?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick in the game?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
Who was the quarterback of the losing team?
How many points was the Jets largest lead?
How many points did the Jets lose by?
How many points did the Jets lose by?
How many total points were scored?
How many years has the CBS World News Roundup been in production?
How many times does the program air on weekdays?
How many years has the evening Roundup aired in its current form?
How many anchors has the evening Roundup had?
How many years after the founding of CBS did The World News Roundup first air?
How many years after CBS News Radio was founded did the World News Roundup program began airing?
How many years has the World News Around up been airing?
How many times a day does the World News Roundup air?
How many anchors does the World News Roundup have on weekdays?
How many anchors has the evening Roundup had?
How many years passed between the founding of CBS radio and the ifrst airing of the CBS World News Roundup?
How many anchors has the evening Roundup had?
How many regular updates does CBS Radio have each hour?
How many different men have anchored the evening ROundup since 1956?
Barring any breaking news, how many times does CBS offer news each hour?
Who is on the air first during the day, Dave Barrett or Steve Kathan?
How many years after the founding of CBS did The World Tonight begin to air?
How many years after the founding of CBS did the CBS World New Roundup first air?
Which program aired first, CBS World News Roundup or The World Tonight?
How many Indians were either killed or dies of other causes during the war?
How many Indians either left to join other tribes or were taken as slaves?
How many years did the plagues hurt the Indians?
What year did the war begin?
How many years did the plagues last?
Which population had less deaths - men, or women and children?
Who lost more people due to Indian warfare, Plymouth Colony or the Indians?
How many more Indians died of sickness and starvation than from injuries of war?
What killed more Indians, sickness and starvation, or war?
How many more Indians escaped to the north and west than were sold into slavery?
Which killed more indians, King Philip's War, or the plagues?
How many percent did the Indian population drop five years after the war began?
Which group did the population lose more of, adult male population or women?
What caused more Indian deaths, injuries in the war or sickness or starvation?
When did the war begin?
How many indians died from war, sickness, or starvation?
How many more indians died from sickness or starvation compared to dying in war or injuries from war?
How many more indians escaped to other tribes to the north or west compared to being sold into slavery?
How many indians died from either injuries from war or of sickness or starvation?
Who lost more of their population, the Plymouth Colony or the Indian?
How many more Indians died of sickness than injuries of war?
How many more percentage of the Indian population of southern New England was reduced?
How many years passed that killed the Indians in plaques in 1616-1619?
Who was ahead at the start of the second quarter?
What was the score at the end of the third quarter?
What was the final score?
Who ended the game
Who scored first
What delayed the game
how many yards did fanene get?
how many yards did graham kick?
how many points difference was there in the final score?
who lead the game in first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points behind were the Bengals at the end of the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Which team won week 12?
Which team own the game?
How many wins did the Bengals have coming into this game?
Which team lost the game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first quarter?
Which player scored points in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the least points at the half?
How many yards in all did Shayne Graham kick in field goals?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
What team made the first touchdown of the game?
Which team made the last touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Shayne Graham have on field goals?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown compared with the shortest?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
How many yards was Graham's second shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Graham have?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did the Lions score?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were the result of passing plays?
How many touchdowns did Maurice Jones-Drew score?
How many yards longer was Maurice Jones-Drew's longest touchdown run than his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest one?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns did Maurice Jones-Drew score?
Which QB threw more TD passes?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many combined yards did Maurice Jones-Drew rush for on his three touchdowns?
Did Nikifor Chernigovsky  murder the voyvoda of Ilimsk first, or the reoccupy the fort at Albazin?
Which occured first, the unsuccessful attak on Albazin, or the murder of the voyvoda of Ilimsk?
What was the starting year for the Qing dynasty to suppress a rebellion in the south, the Revolt of the Three Feudatories?
What was the last year for the Qing dynasty to suppress a rebellion in the south, the Revolt of the Three Feudatories?
What was the minimum year for a voyvoda to be appointed by Moscow?
How many years was the Qing dynasty tied up suppressing a rebellion in the south?
How many years after Chernigovsky fled to the Amur was Jaxa unsuccessfully attacked?
How many years were the Qing dynasty tied up suppressing a rebellion in the south?
How many years was the Qing dynasty tied up in suppressing a rebellion in the south?
How many years did it take for Albazin to receive a pardon?
How many years were the Qing dynasty busy suppressing the Revolt of the Three Feudatories?
How many years after Albazin was unsuccessfully attacked did it receive the Czar's pardon?
About how many years minimum after the murder of the voyvoda of Ilimsk did Moscow appoint a new one?
How many years after murdering the voyvoda of Ilimsk did Nikifor Chernigovsky fend off an attack on Albazin?
How many points did the Vikings score in the first quarter?
Which player had the longest touchdown of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown run of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown run of the game?
how many yards did the cardinals response with?
how many yards did andersen get?
how many yards did Hall get?
how many yards did norwood run?
Who ran the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many people do historians believe were killed in the fight, on average?
Between 1641 and 1653 roughly how many people lived in Ireland?
How many years was the time span that at least 400,000 people and maybe as many as 620,000 had died in Ireland?
How many people difference is there between the highest and lowest number they say died in Ireland between 1641 and 1653?
How many years did the conflict last?
What is the highest possible figure given for number of dead?
Which religion lost power after the conflict?
Who made the games longest touchdown run?
Which team scored the fewest field goals?
Who scored the game's last field goal?
How many yards difference exists between David Akers's longest and shortest field goal? ?
How long were each of DeSean Jackson's touchdowns?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Who did the Steelers play before the Seahawks?
How many players were the Steelers missing due to injury?
Who was losing at halftime?
Which team did not score any points?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half of the game?
How many touchdown yards did Davenport run during the game?
How many points were the Steelers leading by going into the third quarter?
How many passes did Miller catch?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw for?
How many rushing yards did Willie Parker have?
Which team scored in the second quarter?
Which team won the game between the Cardinals and the Steelers?
How many players for the Steelers missed the game die to injury?
How many TD running yards did Davenport have in the second half?
How many Steelers players were sidelined due to injury?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
Which quarters did Davenport score touchdowns in?
How many more minutes of possession did the Steelers have in the second half than the first?
How many touchdowns did Najeh Davenport score in the second half?
How many years was between when Russia captured Viborg and Swedish atttempts to retake it?
How many years was between when Russia captured Viborg and the first Russian campaign to capture Finland?
What killed the Helsingfors?
How many more men were there in Apraksin's army than Lybecker's?
How many years did Russia wait before trying to take Finland after they took Viborg?
How many people did the Swedish army need to match the size of the Russian army in 1712?
By how many men did the Russian army outnumber the Swedish army in 1712?
How many years did the plague outbreak affect the Swedish army?
Who used scorched Earth tactics?
Which even happened first, the capture of Viborg or the disaster of Poltava?
Which event happened first the disaster of Poltava or the attack on Finland?
How many years did the plaque outbreak that struck Finland last?
What happened first, Russia captured Viborg or Swedish attempted to retake the town?
Who had the largest amount of men, Apraksins forces of 15,000 or Lybecker 7,500 men?
How many years after the disaster of Poltava did Russia capture Viborg?
How many more men did General Apraksin have over General Lybecker?
Which team did the Dolphins play in week one?
How many points did Kasay get to get the Panthers on the board?
who scored first?
what was the shortest touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards were accumulated on the Panthers first field goal and the Falcons first touchdown?
Which player had the second longest converted field goal?
How many yards did John Kasay accumulate on converted field goals?
Which player accounted for the fourth shortest touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards in length were accumulated on the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards in length were accumulated on the two longest touchdowns?
How many touchdowns measuring less than 10-yards long were scored?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns shorter than 10-yards long and field goals shorter than 30-yards long?
Which players had touchdown runs?
Which players had touchdown receptions in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals did John Kasay make in the first half?
How many total yards did Matt Ryan throw for touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored in the first quarter?
What was the last play
What was the shortest TD run
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many touchdowns did Travis Henry score?
How many yards longer was Jerricho Cotchery's initial touchdown compared to Kevan Barlow's?
How many total yards were gained on rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards were gained on passing touchdowns?
Were more yards gained on touchdown run or pass?
How many more total yards were gained on passing touchdowns compared to rushing touchdowns?
How many more yards were gained on field goals when compared to rushing touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards long did the average touchdown measure in length?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored by both teams in the first quarter?
How many losses did the Titans have before this game?
Which player scored the last points of the game??
Which team allowed the most points at final?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
Who scored the first touchdown for Baltimore?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many more yards was McGahee's longest run over Rian Lindell's longest field goal?
How many yards was Derrick Mason's touchdown reception?
What type of game was it for the Steelers to play the Oakland Raiders?
How long was the final touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the final touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the longest touchdown run, Rashard Mendenhall or Ben Roethlisberger?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
how many yards did wallace pass?
how many yards did janikowski make?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
Who's touchdown run was shorter, Mendenall's or Roethlisberger's?
In which quarters did the Steelers not score?
Which team's kicker made a 38-yard field goal?
Which team scored the fewest points?
Which team was ahead in the first quarter?
How many yards of touchdowns did Eli Manning have in the first half?
How many more yards was Manning's longest touchdown over his shortest?
From what yard line did both teams score a touchdown from?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes?
Which players scored rushing touchdowns?
How many yards difference exists between Lawrence Tynes longest and shortest field goal?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Manning throw?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game compared to the shortest?
Which team had just beat the Raiders the week before?
How many quarters did the Texans go scoreless?
Which player caught the first TD pass of the game?
Which player scored the first points for the Texans?
How many quarter did the Texans go without a touchdown?
How many Touchdowns did the Giants score in the first half?
Which two players had third quarter field goals?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player scored more field goals, Lawrence Tynes or Neil Rackers?
Which field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many total field goal yards did Lawrence Tynes make?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
How many total yards did Eli Manning throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was Lawrence Tynes' second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Lawrence Tynes kick?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 yards were made?
Which touchdown passes did Eli Manning make?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass in the second quarter?
How many more touchdowns than field goals did the Bears score?
How many more times did the Bears score than the Lions?
How many yards difference was Robbie Gould 's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards difference was Kyle Orton's first touchdown pass compared to Kevin Smith's touchdown run?
How was the ball received ending in the longest touchdown run?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did the lions score in the game?
Who threw the only passing touchdown of the game?
How many full quarters did Rogers play?
How many completions did rogers have?
How many times did Minnesota score?
Who was player of the game?
Which team got on the board first?
Who do the Raiders play next?
Which team didn't score in the second quarter?
How many passes did Rogers miss?
Who scored the most points?
How many yards did both teams have a TD run from?
How many field goal attempts were in the first half?
Which team missed a field goal in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson record?
How many touchdowns did Rodgers throw?
How many incomplete passes did Rodgers have?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many losses did the Viking have after the game?
Which team attempted a field goal over 50 yards?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play?
Who scored on touchdowns of exactly 3 yards?
When a strong northern wind aided the Venetian ships?
who was on Venetian ships on 12 April 1204?
who was defending Byzantine?
how many silver marks were looted by crusaders?
How many crusaders entered the city?
Who were the most effective?
What did they use as a base?
How did they try to protect themselves?
How many days did it take the whole city?
How many days did they spend sacking Constantinople?
How many different countries works of art were ruined?
How many more silver marks did the Venetians get than the crusaders?
How many silver marks were stolen?
What event happened later, seventy crusaders managed to enter the city or the crusaders completely took the city?
Who had the smallest total looted of silver marks, crusaders or the Venetians?
How many rushing attempts did Ahman Green have?
How many incomplete passes did Favre throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Giants score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Cowboys score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were there in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Nick Foles miss?
Which team won on Thanksgiving?
Which team allowed the most points this game?
How many punts were returned for a score?
Who beat the Raiders on Thanksgiving?
Which team won the game?
How many wins did this game give the Giants against the Cowboys this season?
WHich team allowed the most points in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did Terrell Owens score per game on average?
How many total points were scored in Super Bowl XXXIX?
How many more points did the Patriots score than the Eagles in the super bowl?
During which quarters did the Giants score touchdowns?
In which quarters did the Giants score more than one touchdown?
How many collective yards did the Cowboys miss in failed field goals?
In which quarter was Nick Folk's longest potential field goal kick?
How many more yards was Nick Folk's field goal attempt in the second quarter than his attempt in the third?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game for the Packers?
How many turnovers did Brett Favre have?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many scores were there in the first quarter?
Who scored the touchdown to take the lead in the second quarter?
How many yards was the Broncos third quarter TD?
How much time was left in the game when Prater got his final field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
The first two field goals by Ryan Succop had how many yards difference between them?
How many points behind were the Broncos in the first quarter?
How many more field goals did the Chiefs get than the Broncos?
How many more field goals did Ryan Succop score than Matt Prater?
Who had the most touchdown passes?
How many more yards was Thomas touchdown over Tamme touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos have in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Succops longest field goal in the first quarter compared to his shortest field goal in the first quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the first half?
Which kicker had the longest field goal of the second half?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the second half?
Which group was the smallest Fegeleins final report, missing or dead?
Which regiment did not belong to the northern half, 1st or 2nd regiment?
How many days did the casualties caused by SS Cavalry Regiment 1 increase from 800 to 3000?
Which did the SS Cavalry Regiment 1 kill more of, Jews or soldiers of the Red Army?
Which were the least type of people killed by the SS Cavalry Regiment 1?
How many more partisans than Red Army soldiers were killed?
How many more were wounded than dead out of the 830 prisoners taken?
Over how many months did the 1st Regiment kill around 15000 Jews?
How many total people did the 1st Regiment indicate they had killed?
How many dead,wounded or missing soldiers did the 1st Regiment report?
Did the 1st Regiment kill more partisans or more Red Army soldiers?
How many more Jews do Historians think the 1st Regiment actually killed than initally was reported?
Who did the Jets lose to prior to playing the Chargers?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game for the Chargers?
How many yards was Favre's longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards long was the shortest field goal?
Which team beat the Jets in week 2?
What gave David Barrett the first score of the game?
Which player scored first in the second quarter?
Which team had the first turnover?
Which player scored for the Patriots final score?
Which team allowed the most second half points?
How many yards were the  interceptions that were returned for a touchdown?
How many rushing touchdowns did Ladanian Tomlinson  score?
How many rushing touchdowns from less than 5 yards did Ladanian Tomlinson score?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 20 yards?
How many field goals were made over 30 yards?
What were the distances of Brett Favre's td passes?
How many touchdown passes that were over 10 yards did Brett Favre throw?
In which quarters were field goals scored?
How many more yards was Kaeding's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were scored?
Which players scored touchdowns of two yards or less?
Which player had a longer touchdown play, Barett or Cromartie?
How many yards was the longest offensive touchdown play?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards, Favre or Rivers?
Which play was longer, the longest field goal or the longest touchdown play?
How many attacks on the coastal town of Honavar were there?
How many men helped the taking over  by the Viceroy Dom Luis de Ataidein?
How many years after the fort was built did the fort get attacked?
How many of the 5000 men were not provided by the neighboring Queen of Garsopa?
How many of the 5000 men did the Adil Shah of Bijapur not provide?
How many years after the takeover of the coastal town of Honavar, did the small fort get attacked by 5,000 men, and 400 horse?
How many more men attacked compared to horses?
How many years after the fort was built in Honavar was it attacked by Garsopa?
How many years after the fort in Honavar was built was it attacked?
How many of the attackers were not provided by Adil Shah of Bijapur?
How many total ships to the Viceroy send to defend the fort?
How many more men did the Queen of Garsopa attack with compared to Viceroy's forces?
How many of Queen of Garsopa's men were not provided by Adil Shah of Bijapur?
How many years after De Ataide took over Honavar was the fort attacked?
How many of the men under Viceroy Dom Luís de Ataíde were not supplied by Adil Shah of Bijapur?
Which were there more of, galley or foists?
How many more foists were there than galleys?
How many years did the Spanish conquest last?
Which happened first, the beginning of the Spanish coquest or the Holy League against France?
How many years passed between the halfhearted reconquest attemp and the fully-fledged reconquest campaign on Navarre?
How many years passed between the Spanish withdrawal from the Pyrenees and the Treaty of Cambrai?
Which came first, the Treaty of Cambrai or the absorption of Navarre by France?
Who continued the Spanish conquest of the Iberian part of Navarre?
How many years after the campaigns began did the war end?
How many years after the end of the war was the kingdom absorbed into France?
How many years did the war last?
Which event happened first, the Spanish troops withdrawing from Lower Navarre or Pope Julius II declaring a Holy League against France?
How many years passed between the Treaty of Cambrai and the Kingdom of Navarre becoming part of France?
How many years passed between the lackluster reconquest attempt and the full-fledged reconquest campaign?
How many years did the Spanish conquest of the Iberian part of Navarre take place?
Which occurred first, The Treaty of Cambrai or a fully-fledged French-Navarrese reconquest?
Which happened last, a halfhearted reconquest attempt or The kingdom was absorbed into France?
From what year to what year were the operations of war conducted?
Who wanted to be out of the conflict?
How many positions did Ferdinand the Catholic hold in 1512?
How many islands were granted to Lançarote da Franquia by Ferdinand I of Portugal?
What was the last of the Canary Islands to be listed as of 1385?
Which side had the better technology?
How did Spain attack from the north?
From what direction did the French attack?
How many months into 1925 was the final attack?
How many more people did the Spanish and French have compared to to the Rifians?
How many tribes was Abd el-Krim the leader of?
How many years did it span in order to take the Spanish to retake Morocco?
How long after the final attack was Spanish Morocco retaken?
How many men did the spanish have?
How many less aircraft did they have compared to Riflemen?
How many countries won the war?
Where did the French troops push through?
How did the Spanish fleet secure land?
How many safeties were scored in this game?
Who caught a 60 yard td pass?
How many more field goals were kicked by Josh Brown than Jeff Reed?
Which kicker had the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Troy Smith have?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Jeff Reed?
How many yards shorter was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 28 yards did Josh Brown kick?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 1 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many percent were not married living together?
How many percent were not female householders?
How many percent were not male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families
How many percent are not of households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percents larger is the average family home than the household size?
Which group was most common?
Which group was least common?
Which group was second most common?
Which group was third most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
What group made up the largest percentage of the population?
What group made up the smallest percentage of the population?
How many total percent were male householders, female householders and non families?
How many percent of households with someone living alone were not age 65 or older?
How many total percent of households were male with no wife present, non-families and individuals combined?
How many more percentage were households made of individuals than had someone living alone 65 years or older?
How many less average household size than average family size?
Which households has a higher percentage, non families or a male householder with no wife present?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which team fumbled on their first drive?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who had the longest TD of the first half?
Who missed the attempt at a game winning field goal?
Who threw a first quarter touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
How many years did the Navarrese Civil War last?
Who was born first: Charles IV or John II?
Who was born second: Charles IV or John II?
How many years did the Catalan Civil War last?
How many years did the Navarrese Civil War last?
How many years were John II and Blanche I married before her death?
Who is Ferdinand's half brother?
How many years did the Catalan Civil War last?
How many years was the Navarrese Civil War?
How many years was the Catalan Civil War?
How many years before Blanche's death was her son made Prince of Viana?
How many years did open warfare in Navarre last?
Who was John's wife last, Juana or Blanche?
Who was named successor instead of Charles?
Where did Charles flee to last?
How many years did the Navarrese Civil War last?
How many years after John II married his wife Blanche I of Navarre did she die?
How many years was the open warfare in Navarre?
Who did John II marry first, Juana Enriquez or Blanche I of Navarre?
Which war happened first, The Navarrese Civil War or the Catalan Civil War?
Which war lasted longer, The Navarrese Civil War or the Catalan Civil War?
How many years did the the Catalan Civil War last?
Which two civil wars took place between 1450 and 1475?
How many years after John II first wife Blanche I of Navarre die, did he marry his second wife, Juana Enriquez?
How many years did the Navarrese Civil War last?
How many years had John II been married when the war broke out?
How many years was Blanche married before she died?
How many years after Blanche died, did John have a son with his second wife?
How many is the different of employees in the nujmber of employees in the ZNDH and the number of aircraft they had?
How many is the difference in formal Royal Yugoslav Air Force officers and NCOs?
How many is the difference between former Royal Yugoslav Air Force officers and and ZNDH aircraft?
How many is the difference in the number of formal Royal Yugoslav Air Force officers and ZDNH members?
Where did most of the Air Force come from?
Who had the largest number of aircraft, the Croatian Home Guard or the ZNDH?
Who had the least amount of men, the Croation Home Gaurd or ZNDH?
How many men were there total between the three forces?
How many men were in the Air Force?
how many points were they ahead at halftime?
how many points did the panthers win by?
How many points did they win by
Who ended up 3-1 wins
How many field goals did Carolina make in the first quarter?
How many field goals did New England make in the first quarter?
How many yards was the pass Funchess caught?
How many field goals did the Patriots make in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards did Funchess catch?
how many yards did Gostkowski kick?
How many points did the Panthers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Panthers win by?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many months into the year before Marshal defeated the Marquis?
What date was the Battle of Torroella?
Which two areas did the French capture in June?
Which was captured first, Palamos or Gerona?
How many of France's coastal defenses did Barkeley attack?
Who missed a field goal attempt?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson run for?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards longer was Adrian Peterson's second touchdown over his first one?
How many field goals did Hanson miss in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Hanson kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Hanson kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the second half?
How many touchdowns were there in total?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team the Ravens' onside kick?
Who threw the pass during the flea flicker play?
How many points did the Browns score against the Bengals?
What kind of pass did Carson Palmer throw to complete a touchdown pass in the third quarter for the Bengals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many players on the Bengals were arrested
Who scored first quarter?
Who caught the last TD of the game?
How many field goals of at least 20 yards did Shayne Graham make in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards in field goals did Graham have in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Shayne Graham make?
Who was ranked higher in the Deloitte Football Money League in the 2009-10 season, Inter or Juventus?
Did commercial or broadcasting occupy a larger percentage of the revenue in the 2008-09 season?
Who contributed more to commercial revenues, Nike or Pirelli?
How many more million €s did Nike contribute to commercial revenues compared to Pirelli?
Who earned more revenue in the 2008-09 season, Inter, or Juventus?
How many teams earned more revenue than Inter in the 2008-09 season?
Who earned more revenue in the 2009-2010 season, Milan or Inter?
How many places did Inter drop in terms of revenue between 2008-09 and the 2013-14 season?
Who ranked higher in the 2008-90 season, Inter or Juventus?
In the 2008-09 season, who had more revenue, Milan or Inter?
Who had the higher revenue ranking in the 2009-10 season, Milan or Juventus?
Between 2010 and 2014, in which season did Inter have it's highest ranking?
What season did Inter rank the lowest, considering revenue alone?
What sectors were revenue divided between?
What boosted revenue in the 2009-10 season?
How many points did the Bills score in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Lindell kick?
How many touchdowns did Jackson get?
Who scored more points in the first quarter, the Patriots or the Bills?
Which team scored the least points in the third quarter?
Which player scored the final points?
How many points in total were scored in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 3rd quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many total yards did Rian Lindell kick for field goals?
Which quarter was the shortest field goal kicked?
Who scored the longest touchdown run?
What was Lindell's longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How did the Chargers score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Falcons have at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Ryan throw?
Who scored more points, Chargers or Falcons?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Ryan throw?
Who connected on more thrown touchdowns?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick?
How many failed field goal attempts did David Akers kick?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many yards did Calvin Johnson have on his two touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Calvin Johnson have on touchdown receptions?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make?
Which quarter had no points scored?
How many points behind did DeAndre Levy's interception put the Cardinals?
How many games have the Browns won this season?
How many points did the Steelers score in total?
How many points did the Browns trail by at then end of the game?
Which team scored the most points?
How many points was Tampa ahead by at the half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw?
What was Brady's longest TD pass?
Which team lost the game?
How many field goals were scored during the first half?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at the half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which team completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player completed the third longest TD pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many yards did Novak force?
How many yards did Gostkowski get?
How many yards did the Texas respond to the Patriots with?
How many yards did Brady touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 45 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player had the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Nick Novak's second field goal over his first one?
How many yards difference exists between Gostkowski's longest and shortest field goal?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
Which scoring play gave the Lions the first lead?
How did the bears get another chance at 1 yard line?
How many more touchdown passes did Calvin Johnson make to surpass Herman Moore's previous record?
How many passes are mentioned by the Lions
What was the longest touchdown pass?
What quarter did both teams score the same amount of points?
Who replaced Jay Cutler?
During what year was Korea under Japanese occupation?
How many years has Japan held the medal count for Sohn and Sung-yong?
Which two members of the Korean Olympic team won medals in the marathon?
How many years after winning the medal was Sohn's nationality recognized as Korean?
What organization changed Sohn's nationality in the medal count?
What did the IOC use to support changing Sohn's nationality?
Are there more Greek speakers in Greece or speakers of Macedonian?
How many publications put the figure of ethnic Macedonians in Greece at 1.8%?
How many is the difference between the greatest estimate of Macedonians in Greek Macedonia and the Eleftherotypia's estimate?
How many speakers difference is the estimated range in Greece?
How many more Macedonian speakers in Greece does UCLA say there are compared to an article in the Greek newspaper Eleftherotypia?
What was the lowest estimate of the number of speakers remaining in Greece as noted by Eleftherotypia ?
Which states there are less Macedonian speakers in Greece, UCLA or Greek newspaper Eleftherotypia?
How many more Macedonian speakers in Greece does UCLA claim there are then newspaper Eleftherotypia?
Which states there are more Macedonian speakers, others or UCLA?
Which sources estimate a minimum of 200,000 Macedonian speakers?
By how many speakers do estimates vary?
Which estimate was smaller, the one in 1983 or in 2008?
Which source estimated the lowest number of speakers?
By how many readers more was Readers Digest World Guide's estimate than Eleftherotypia?
Which two magazines and newspapers gave estimates?
Which country gave the largest estimate?
How many months was Cortés gone from Mexico?
How many months did it take Cortes to attack De Narvaez and return to Mexico?
How many soldiers and warriors did Cortes arrive in Mexico with?
How many soldiers, horses and Tlaxcalan warriors followed Cortes over the Sierra Madre orietal?
What happened second, Cortés was told by Moctezuma, that a much larger party of Spanish troops or Cortés surprised his antagonist with a night attack?
How many more soldiers were in the party of Spanish troops under the command of Panfilo de Narvaiz in April 1520 than Cortes forces when he returned to Mexico on St. John's Day in June 1520?
How many months after Cortes was told by Moctezuma that a larger party of Spanish troops had arrived did Cortes led his combined forces back to Mexico?
How many combined soldiers and Tlaxcalan warriors did Cortes return to Mexico with on St. John's Day?
What city did Cortés visit first, Cempoala or Tenochtitlan?
What is Cortés first name?
Who was sent to kill Cortés?
How many months after Cortés was told by Moctezuma that a large party of Spanish Troops under the command of Pánfilo de Narváez had arrived did Cortes lead his combined forces on a trek back over the Sierra Madre Oriental and returned to Mexico?
Which did Cortés have more of on his return to Mexico, soldiers or Tlaxcalan warriors?
Why was Cortés ordered to be killed?
Where did Cortés go first, Cempola or Tenochtitlan?
How many Tlaxcalan warriors than soldiers did Cortés have?
Who traveled to Mexico with Cortés?
How many more Spanish soldiers were there than Spanish ships in April 1520?
How many fumbles did the Titans lose?
Who scored the only defensive touchdown of the game?
Did the Redskins score in the final two minutes of the game?
How many fumbles were not caused by Jason Campbell?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
how many yards did suisham kick?
how many yards did johnson score?
how many yards did detroit lead with?
how many yards did campbell complete?
how many yards did orlovsky get?
Which team was behind in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
What was Tennessee's longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw?
Who made the longest touchdown reception?
How many injuries happened during the game?
How many incomplete passes did Brandon Weeden throw?
Who won the duel with AFC and Ravens?
Who scored more points, Dolphins or Ravens?
Who scored the field goal in the last quarter?
How many field goals under 30 yards were kicked?
How many yards was Cundiff's shortest field goal?
Who's touchdown pass was longer, Derrick Mason or Willis McGahee?
How many yards longer was McGahee's touchdown catch than Masons?
How many more field goals did Cundiff kick than Carpenter kicked?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
From what yard line did both teams score a touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked shorter than 21 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 21 yards?
Who scored earlier, Willis McGahee or Ronnie Brown?
How many yards longer was Willis McGahee's touchdown compared to Derrick Mason's?
Which kicker made the second longest field goal?
How many yards long was the average length of the first three field goals scored?
How many yards were gained on touchdowns that equaled exactly 12 yards long?
Which kickers had at least three field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Cundiff kick than Carpenter?
How many yards were each of Flacco's touchdown passes?
Which players scored touchdowns of exactly 12 yards?
How many total fact finding missions and delegations were sent to China?
How many years was it from the time that the Dalai Lama was encouraged by the statement that "except independence, all other issues can be resolved through negotiations" to the U.S. Congressional Human Rights Caucus the Dalai Lama unveiled the Five Point Peace Plan as a "first step towards a lasting solution"
What happened first, the beginning of the Middle Way Approach, of the encouragement of the Dalai Lama?
How many years passed between Deng Xiaoping stating that  other issues could be resolved through negotiation, and the Dalai Lama sending representatives to Beijing?
What happened first, the Middle Way Approach or the Five Point Peace Plan?
How many years passed between the opening of negotiations in Beijing and the Five Point Peace Plan?
Who was Gyalo Thondup's brother?
How many years after Deng Xiaoping told Gyalo Thondup that everything but independence can be resolved through negotations did the Dalai Lama's representatives get sent to Beijing to open negotiations?
How many florins did Hawkwood make over five years as his salary?
How many more florins did Hawkwood receive as his annual pension compared to his annual salary?
How many florins did Hawkwood receive in total, over a 5 years, for his annual salary?
How many more florins was Hawkwood's lifetime annual pension than his annual salary?
Which happened first, the end of war against Milan or Florence paying off Gregory XI's main military commander?
how many yards was the vikings touchdown run?
how many yards did ryan longwell kick?
What was the longest field goal kick?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
Who scored the first touchdown for Pittsburgh?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many total combined yards were the third quarter field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Coming into the game with the Steelers, how many games had the Vikings lost for the season?
How long was the longest field goal of the third quarter?
Which players kicked field goals in the third quarter?
In which quarters did neither team kick a field goal?
Which quarters had no touchdowns?
After the game, which team had a better record for the season?
How many yards longer was Reed's field goal than Longwell's in the third quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who made more field goals, Reed or longwell?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Reed make than Longwell?
How many more field goals were kicked in the second half than the first?
How many yards were each of Reed's field goals?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards longer was the second touchdown than the first?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many more return touchdowns were there than passing touchdowns?
How many more return touchdowns did the Steelers have than the Vikings?
Which players had return touchdowns for the Steelers?
How many more wins did the Vikings have than the Steelers after the game?
Whose stadium did the Broncos go to play at?
Which team member also broke a record?
how many points did the colts lead in the first?
how many points did colts lead by in the first?
how many points did marshall gain?
how many catches did marshall get?
How many applications out of all that were sent in(Class of 2022) ended up being rejected?
How many more applicants did Northeastern have in 2018 compared to 2014?
What city were the Shan elite forbidden from?
How do sources feel about how Si Jifa died?
How many campaigns were undertaken to root out and destroy the Mong Mao?
Who was a relative of Si Jifa?
Did Si Jifa want to fight?
What was the morale of the fourth campaign soldiery?
How many years after Si Jifa asked for pardon did Wang Ji attack?
How many years after Si Jifa's final defeat did his successors invade Ava?
How did many people die
how many years elapsed between Si Jifa asking for pardon, and the military campaign launched against him?
How many years elapsed between the campaign to attack Si Jifa, and Si Jifa's son's invasion of Ada?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, Si Jafa repeatedly sending tribute to Ming, or him possibly dying in combat?
What event happened first, a combined army of 150,000 being amassed, or Si Jifa repeatedly sending tribute to Ming asking for pardon?
What happened first: sent tribute to Ming or 150,000 soldiers was amassed?
What happened second: sent tribute to Ming or 150,000 soldiers was amassed?
How many years passed between Jifi sending tribute to Ming and 150,000 soldiers was amassed?
Why did he sent tribute?
How many years passed from when he was sending Ming tribute to when 150,000 soldiers were amassed?
What did the soldiers capture?
How many theories are there for how Si Jifa met his end?
How many years do some believe he survived?
How many years after Si Jifa's "death" they invade Ava?
How many different ways were the soldiers killed while not in war?
What ways were the soldiers killed while not in war?
Which came first, the Treaty of Logstown or the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
Which two powers wanted access to the fisheries of the Grand Banks off Newfoundland?
What happened first: British government gave land or Gist explored the Ohio territory?
What happened second: British government gave land or Gist explored the Ohio territory?
What happened first: Treaty of Logstown or Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
How many years passed between the signing of the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle and the signing of the Treaty of Logstown?
The land was claimed by what two entities?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did John Carney kick?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touch down compared to the shortest?
How many total yards of field goals did John Carney kick?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 5 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the average passing touchdown?
How many yards was the average rushing touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked 19 yards or longer?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How manyyards was Carney's  shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were scored?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which field goals did John Carney make?
How many field goals under 20 yards did John Carney make?
How many total field goal yards did John Carney make?
How many yards longer was John Carney's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 3 yards?
How many field goals between 15 and 40 yards were made?
How many points did both teams combine for int he first quarter?
Which quarterback scored the first passing touchdown in the game?
Which player threw for the shortest touchdown pass in this game?
How many passing touchdowns were less than 5-yards in length?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards did players accumulate on all touchdown plays?
How many points did the Jaguars win the game by?
How many yards was the average length of John Carney's three field goals?
How many days separated the defeats Antonio faced at sea in July 1582?
Who was defeated at the Battle of Alcântara?
When did the Duke of Alba capture Lisbon?
When did Antonio lose his seat on the throne in Portugal?
When did the Duke of Alba capture Lisbon?
How many years elapsed between Antonio proclaiming himself the King of Portugal, and his attempt to rule Portugal coming to an end?
Which date was António no longer King?
Which date was Lisbon captured by the Duke of Alba?
Which leader won the Battle of Alcantra on land and sea,  Antonio or Toledo?
Who won the Battle of Ponta, Antonio or Spanish-Portugal?
Which battle between Antonio and the Spanish was first, Alcantara or Ponto
When did the Duke of Alba capture Lisbon?
Which person lost the Battle of Alcântara, Fernando Álvarez de Toledo or Antonio?
Which person lost the Battle of Ponta Delgada off Terceira, Filippo Strozz or Don Álvaro de Bazán?
How many days passed between the beginning of the rebellion and the major offensive against empty barricades?
How many days passed between the beginning of the rebellion and the storming of the precincts?
How many was the difference between the number of police precincts that were stormed and the number of weapons that were taken?
HOw many days was it from when the leader of the KP Wasserkante received orders until precincts were stormed?
How many police precincts did they not take weapons from?
How many percentage points did the KPD not receive in the previous election in Barmbek?
On October 23, how many police precincts did not have their weapons stolen?
How many out of the 14,000 did not take part in the rebellion?
How many days after he received orders via the regional party leadership to begin the rebellion did they storm 26 police precincts and took weapons from 17 of them
How many police did not have their weapons taken from them?
How many other places in Stormarn was there rebel activity?
How many precincts did the KPD not take weapons from?
In which city did the rebellion last the longest?
Which team scored a td off an interception?
How many catches did Nelson have?
How many touchdowns did Montgomery have?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many points were the Seahawks head at halftime?
What was the money the captains received supposedly for?
Who was accused of receiving bribes, Henry Bowet or Foulmere?
How much money was considered compensation, for leaving their horses behind, by the captains?
Who claimed the money was compensation for lost valuables?
How many people were imprisoned?
Which was the least gold francs, the receipt, bribes, or the fine?
How many francs were they bribed for
What was the money compensating for
How many total people were imprisoned for receiving bribes?
How many receipts did the Exchequer record?
How many people were imprisoned for accepting bribes?
How many more gold francs were the captains accused of receiving compared to how much they were fined?
How many more £ was recorded for 5,000 francs "illicitly received" overseas as compared to money captured during the Flemish expedition?
Who was the away team?
How many field goals did Carolina make?
How many touchdown passes did Joey Harrington complete?
How many wins did the Panthers record before this game?
How many field goals in the game were longer than 30 yards?
Which players made field goals in the game?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored field goals in the 4th quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals did Morten Andersen kick?
How many yards longer was Morten Andersen's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
Were more tonnes of freight moved in 2013 or 1986?
Was the market share of rail frieght larger in 1998 or 2013?
How many more billion net ton miles of freight movement more was recorded in 2013-14 than in 1986-7?
How many more percent did rail freight increase in market share between 1998 and 2013?
How many fewer millions of tonnes of freight was lifted in 2013-14 than in 1986-87?
How many more millions of tonnes of freight was lifted in 1986-87 than in 2013-14?
How many more billions of net tonne kilometres of freight movement was recorded in 2013-14 than in 1986-87?
How many more tonnes of freight were lifted in 1986 than in 2013?
How many years did it take for rail freight to increase its market share by 3.7%?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards difference was Jason Campbell Jason Campbell’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was Matthew Stafford's touch down pass compared to Maurice Morris's touch down run?
How many yards longer was Jason Hansons longest than shortest field goal?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
Who does DeMarco Murray play for?
What happened to Jordan Hicks?
Who threw the winning touchdown pass?
Who caught the game winning touchdown?
What was the Eagles record after the game?
Which player scored the longest touchdown catch of the game?
How many yards longer was Jordan Hicks' longest interception return relative to Jordan Matthews' game winning touchdown?
How many yards did Jordan Hicks' longest interception return and Jordan Matthews' game winning touchdown combine for?
How many touch downs were scored total in the second quarter?
How many scoring plays were there in the game?
In how many quarters did the Titans score points?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many games have the Titans won this season?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
Which team took the first lead of the game?
How many field goals did Carpenter hit?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
In the Dolphin vs Steelers game, how many yards did QB Carson Palmer pass to WR Terrel Owens.
Who took the lead for the Dolphins hitting a 24, 54, and 31-yard field goal in the third quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Dan Carpenter kick for field goals in the third quarter?
How many total yards did Dan Carpenter kick for field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total yards did Carson Palmer throw for touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the third quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many people did the Armenian population of Cyprus increase by between 1978 and 1987?
What cities compose 30% of the Armenian population of Cyprus?
Which city has the most Armenians living in it?
Which church do most Armenians belong to?
How many years did Armenians migrate as part of the nerkaght  Panarmenian movement?
When did the most Armenians live in Cyprus?
How many more Armenians lived in the Armenian population of Cyprus in 1987 than 1978?
Currently, how many more percent of Armenians live in Nicosia than Larnaca?
Currently, how many more percent of Armenians live in Nicosia than Limassol?
How many more Armenians were there in Cyprus in 1960 compared to 1978?
How many fewer Armenians were recorded in Cyprus in 1987 than in 1960?
Between 1978 and 1987, by how many people had the Armenian population of Cyprus grown?
How many percent of Armenians in Cyprus currently do not live in the capital of Nicosia?
How many percent of the Armenian population of Cyprus do not speak Armenian?
Who caught the only touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did the Bengals have?
How many points did Bengals lead with by halftime?
How many total points were score by then end of the game?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bengals winning by at halftime?
Did the Texans score more points in the first half or second half?
Teddy Bridgewater took whose place?
How many field goals did the Viking's get?
How many points did the Saints win by?
Which column contained more than a hundred moradores but did not come from Soibada?
How many columns did not come armed with Nordenfelt?
How many more Africans were there than Europeans?
How many of the 4000 troops included Europeans, Africans and moradores?
Did da Câmara's army have more Europeans, or Africans?
Were there more Africans in da Câmara's army, or moradores?
How many field guns did the army have?
How many fewer moradores did the third column have than the first column?
How many more Europeans did the first column have than the third column?
When da Câmara's force was all together, did they have more second-line troops or more first-line troops?
How many more second-line troops than first-line troops did da Câmara's force have?
Which were there more of in da Câmara's force, irregulars or officers?
How many more irregulars were there than officers?
Did the Portuguese capture more rifles or flintlocks?
Were more flintlocks or swords captured by the Portuguese?
Which did the Timorese have more of, spears or guns?
What all nationalities made up da Câmara's column?
How many more Europeans did da Câmara's column have than the third column?
How many more Africans did da Câmara's column have than the third column?
How many more moradores did da Câmara's column have than the third column?
How many more flintlocks did the Portuguese capture than rifles?
How many more flintlocks did the Portuguese capture than swords?
Who all made up da Câmara's force at the time of the final assault?
Who caught a 4 yard touchdown pass?
What team scored first?
Which yard line did both teams score a touchdown?
What yard line did Gostkowski kick two field goals?
How many touchdowns did the Chargers score in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score before halftime?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the second half?
Which team did the Ravens lose to in week 13?
Which player scored the first TD run of the game?
Which team allowed the fewest points through the first quarter?
Who caught the longest pass for a touchdown?
Who scored the last points of the game?
Were the game winning points scored by offense or defense?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored first in the second half?
Which team kicked the most field goals in the third quarter?
Who caught the first TD pass of the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown receptions did Andre Johnson catch?
What distance was the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub throw?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Which team was successful on a two-point conversion?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes were longer than 20-yards?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many special teams touchdowns were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns shorter than 10-yards were scored?
What is the record for most losses in a row?
How many seasons did Joe Thomas make the probowl?
Which player has the most pro bowls total out of the players who made 10 pro bowls in their first 10 years?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many wins did the Browns have after the game?
How many yards was the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the first quarter?
How many TD passes did Antonio Brown have in the second half?
How many points did The Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which QB had a rushing touchdown?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who preferred to name the first world war "World War I"?
What was the Great War before World War I?
What German coined the term "first world war"?
Who did Ernst Haeckel make his comments to?
Who called the Revolutionary & Napoleonic wars the "Great War"?
How many years after World War I began did the terms the First World War and World War I become standard?
How many common names did World War I have?
How many years after the end of the Great War in which Britain fought France did John Holland Rose publish a book titled William Pitt and the Great War?
How many years did the First World War last?
How many different wars are mentioned?
Which different wars are mentioned?
Between what years Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars fought between Britain and France?
How many cities did Catinat take?
What was the first city taken by Catinat?
What happened first: Catalan campaign settled down or the Battle of Staffarda?
What happened second: Catalan campaign settled down or the Battle of Staffarda?
How many fortresses did Nicolas Catinat take after defeating Victor Amadeus at the Battle of Staffarda?
Which happened first, a peasant rising against Charles II or the Duke of Noailles leading French forces to Catalonia?
How many years after the peasant rising against Charles II did the Duke of Noailles take forces to Catalonia?
Where did Noailles go first, Camprodon or Roussillon?
How many years did it take for the Catalan campaign to settle down?
Which front was more eventful, Piedmont-Savoy or Catalonia?
How many towns did Catinat take?
What happened first, the Battle of Staffarda or Catinat's withdrawal to the Alps?
Which team had 4 sacks?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Dolphins defense give up?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many sacks did the Dolphins have?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals were made in this game?
What conference do both teams play in?
Who score more points in the first quarter, Seahawks or Saints?
Which team had the early lead of the game?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
How many passes did Brees make to Meachem?
Who scored the points that put the Saints ahead in the first quarter?
Which team scored second?
Who didn't score in the fourth quarter?
How threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who received the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total yards in field goals did Olindo Mare have?
How many yards long was the average Olindo Mare field goal?
How many yards in touchdown passes did Drew Brees have?
How many yards long was the average Drew Brees touchdown pass?
How many yards long were the two longest touchdowns?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Which players each caught two touchdown passes?
From what yard lines were the three shortest touchdowns scored?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 20 yards, but shorter than 30 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Drew Brees or Matt Hasselbeck?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which touchdown passes did Drew Brees make?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Drew Brees' second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many field goals between 18 and 45 yards were made?
How many more touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw compared to Matt Hasselbeck?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare kick?
How many field goals over 20 yards did Olindo Mare score?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
Were there more goats or sheep in 2001?
How many more goats were there than sheep?
Where there more cattle, or goats?
Was the cattle used less for beef or for dairy?
Were there or hogs in 1978 or in 1979?
How many hogs were lost to African swine fever between 1978 and 1979?
Were there more hogs in 1978 or in 2001?
How many more hogs were there in 2001 than there were in 1978?
In 2001 were there fewer cattle or hogs?
In 2001, which had the lower production, poultry meat or beef?
By how many heads did the hog population decrease from African swine fever from 1978 to 1979?
How many more heads of hog were there in 2001 than in 1978?
In 2001, which Dominican livestock were there less of 180,000 of, goats or sheep?
Which year saw more hog, 1978 or 2001?
How many years did it take for the hog population to decrease by 380000?
In 2001, which food items each saw more than 100,000 tons produced?
How many more tons of poultry meat than beef were produced in 2001?
Were more cattle used for beef or for dairy?
How many more percent of cows were used for beef rather than dairy?
How many hogs died as a result of swine fever from 1978 to 1979?
By how many pigs did the swine population increase from 1979 to 2001?
Does the Dominican produce more poultry meat or beef?
How many more tons of poultry meat is produced than beef?
How many more tons of dairy is produced than beef?
Which is less expensive: poultry or pork?
Between what two years did the African swine fever occur?
How many interceptions were there in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Packers score in the first half?
How many touchdown receptions did Jordy Nelson have?
How many touchdowns were between the range of 1-yard and 5-yards?
How many total points were scored in the game by both teams?
How many yards difference was there between the first and last touchdowns of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many wins did Miami have coming into this game?
How many wins does Miami have?
How many points did the Titans get on the board with?
How many points combined were there at the half?
Which team was winning at the half?
How many points did Miami win by?
How many total points did both teams score?
how many yards did Mare kick?
how many yards did Collins complete?
how many yards did Culpepper get?
How many yards did Bironas kick?
how many points did they tie by?
how many yards did mare kick?
how many yards did collins complete?
how many yards did bironas kick?
how many yards did Miami win with?
Which was the only quarter that both teams score during?
How many more yards did Mare have compared with Bironas?
How many more field goals were scored compared to touchdowns?
How many more field goals did Mare kick than Bironas?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards each were Mare's field goals?
How many touchdowns did Jameis Winston have?
Which team rebounded after their week one loss?
How many points did Tampa lead by?
How many seconds were left when the Saints rallied?
How many games did Tampa lose in a row?
How many wins for the season does this game give the Buccaneers?
How many players were recieved in exchange for Mutombo after the All-Star break?
How many more games did the Hawks lose than win in the 2000-01 season?
How many more points did Robinson average per game in 2002 than Jason Terry averaged in the 2000-01 season?
How many more games in the 2002-03 season did the Hawks lose than they won?
What season was the first season that Ratliff played for the Hawks?
How many more games did the Hawks lose than win in the 2001-02 season?
How many more losses than wins did the Hawks end the 2001-2002 season?
How many more losses than wins did the Hawks end the 2002-2003 season?
Who returned a kickoff for a touchdown?
What distance did both teams score a touchdown from?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
In what quarter did Tampa Bay outscore Carolina?
In what quarter did both teams have one touchdown?
How many 20-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
Which players both had 20 yard touchdown runs?
Which players both scored touchdowns of 26 yards?
How many yards longer was Williams first touchdown run compared to his second?
Which players scored touchdowns from 1 yard out?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half compared to the first half?
Which player was the first to score?
How many players scored 20-yard touchdowns?
Which team had a player ejected?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were successfully converted?
How many interceptions did Ed Reed have?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many field goal attempts did Shaun Shuisham convert successfully?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player had three takeaways?
Which players fumbled?
Which players had touchdown receptions?
Which interception did Ed Reed score a touchdown on, his first or his second?
How many more yards was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal compared to Matt Stover's longest?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored by the Steelers in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd half?
How many field goals were there in the first half?
Which team had the least points?
How many points behind were the Steelers after Greg Jennings' 70-yard touchdown pass?
How many points ahead were the Vikings after Le'Von Bell's 8-yard touchdown run?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
Who scored the shortest field goal?
Who scored the longest field goal?
How many yards difference is there between the shortest and longest field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did Blair Walsh score in the first half?
How long was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal?
How many yards more was the longest passing touchdown over the longest rushing touchdown?
What country was this game between the Vikings and Steelers played in?
Who kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many points did the teams combine for in the first quarter?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many rushing touchdowns did Adrian Peterson have?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many rushing touchdowns were there?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last points of the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many wins did the Texans have after the game?
Who had the most points at the end of the second half?
How many interceptions were there in the game?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many yards was Matt Schuabs longest throw for a thouchdown?
Which player received the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many running backs ran for a touchdown?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which team scored more first half touchdowns?
How many points was Houston winning by at halftime?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many total points were scored?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many yards did Chris Johnson break out with?
How many yards did Matt Schuab throw?
how many yards did arian foster score?
how many yards did did Tennessee get going into the second?
how many yards did scuab throw to daniels?
how many yards did tennessee intercept?
How many percentage points did weekly attendance drop from 1990 to 2006.
How many percentage points did the population who identified as catholic decline from 2011 to 2016?
How many percentage points represent the population that wasn't catholic in 2016.
Whats the religion in Ireland
How many attend mass
Who attends mass more?
How many percent did the number of Catholics fall from the 2011 to the 2016 census?
After Catholicism, what is the second most common religion in Ireland?
How many in percent according to the 2016 census in Ireland aren't Protestant?
How many in percent according to the 2016 census in Ireland aren't Muslim?
How many in percent according to the 2016 census in Ireland aren't Catholic?
How many in percent according to the 2011 census in Ireland aren't Catholic?
How many in percent according to the 2006 census in Ireland didn't attend Mass daily?
How many in percent according to the 1990 census in Ireland didn't attend Mass weekly?
How many in percent according to the 2006 census in Ireland didn't attend Mass weekly?
How many in percent from the 2016 census weren't Protestant?
How many in percent from the 2016 census weren't Muslim?
How many in percent from the 2016 census were religious?
Which group in percent from the 2016 census is larger: Protestant or Muslim?
Which group in percent from the 2016 census is smaller: Protestant or Muslim?
Which group in percent from the 2016 census is larger: Protestant or no religion?
Which group in percent from the 2016 census is smaller: Protestant or no religion?
How many percents are either Protestant or Muslim according to the 2016 census?
How many in percent from the 2016 census weren't Catholic?
How many in percent from the 2016 census weren't Protestant?
How many in percent from the 2016 census weren't Muslim?
How many in percent from the 2016 census were religious?
Which group from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or Protestant?
Which group from the 2016 census is smaller: Catholic or Protestant?
Which group from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or Muslim?
Which group from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or no religion?
Which group from the 2016 census is smaller: Catholic or no religion?
Which group from the 2016 census is larger: Protestant or Muslim?
Which group from the 2016 census is smaller: Protestant or Muslim?
How many in percent in Ireland from the 2016 census weren't Protestant?
How many in percent in Ireland from the 2016 census weren't Muslim?
How many in percent in Ireland from the 2016 census had a religion?
How many in percent in Ireland from the 2016 census weren't Catholic?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or Protestant?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is smaller: Catholic or Protestant?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or Muslim?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is smaller: Catholic or Muslim?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is larger: Catholic or having no religion?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is smaller: Catholic or having no religion?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is larger: Protestant or Muslim?
Which group in Ireland from the 2016 census is smaller: Protestant or Muslim?
By how many percentage points did the amount of people claiming to be Catholic fall from 2011 to 2016?
How many percentage points reduction was there in Mass attendance between 1990 and 2006?
How many points difference is there between the weekly Mass attendance rate and the daily Mass attendance rate in 2006?
How many more percentage points of people claim to be Protestant than Muslim?
How many more percentage points of people claim no religion than claim to be Muslim?
How many percent of people were not Catholic?
Which religion is not the predominant religion in Ireland, Christianity or Catholic?
How many percentages has Catholic fallen from 2011 to 2016?
What are all the religions that are in Ireland?
What religion has the lowest percentage, Muslim or Protestant?
Which year had the lowest percentage for daily attendance, 2006 or 1990?
How many percentage of Catholics  declined form 2011 to 2016 in Ireland?
Which religions in Ireland have a higher percentage than Muslims?
What can you see on the revers of the Setu coin?
How Chola copper coins could be distintguished?
Who first used the Setu coins?
What happened to Aryacakravarti dynasty between 1450 and 1467?
What Kingdoms used Setu coins in Sri Lanka?
How many years did the King Type Copper Massa belonged to the Aryacakravarti dynasty last?
How many years did the Jaffna Kingdoms belong to the Aryacakravarti dynasty?
How many years did the brief loss of sovereignty last?
What was a contemporaneous rival to the Jaffna Kingdom?
When was the Aryacakravarti dynasty?
Who published their book first, Codrington or Mitchiner?
When was the second coin series issued?
What is next to the human on the coins?
What type of coins were copper?
Where were coins released when Sapumal Kumaraya was ruler?
Setu coins are also known as what?
Which side of the coins have the moon on them?
Who was on the cola coins last, Tamil Setu or Nagari Rajaraja?
How many years did the Kotte kingdom rule?
When was the book by Mitchiner published?
How many years was the sovereignty to the rival Kotte kingdom last?
How many years did the Aryacakravarti dynasty last?
Which event happened first, Codrington published his book Ceylon Coins and Currency or Mitchiner published his book Oriental Coins  ?
Which author's book was published first, Codrington or Mitchiner?
How many years was the time span where there was a brief loss of sovereignty to the rival Kotte kingdom?
How many years did the King Type Copper Massa of the Jaffna Kingdoms belong to the Aryacakravarti dynasty?
How many years after Codrington published his book about Ceylon Coins did Mitchiner publish his book about Oriental Coins?
How many total Janissaries and Tartars in the campaign against the Sich?
How many Janissaries fled after their defeat?
How many more Tatars were there than Janissaries in January 1675?
How many of the 15,000 Janissaries were not killed?
Which happened first, Sobieski's campaign on the right bank, or Kalnik taking the oath of allegiance to the Polish crown?
How many more Tatars were at the campaign against the Sich than were at the Battle of Pavoloch?
How many Janissaries survived the conflict at Sich?
Which battle was fought first at the Sich or in Crimea?
Did the Sultan send more Janissaries or Tatars?
How many more Tatars than Janissaries were fighting in January 1675?
Who led the troops that the Zaporozhians defeated?
How many Janissaries survived the attack on the Sich?
How many surrendered to the Poles?
How many Janissaries weren't killed in the attack on the Sich?
Who did the 4,000 Tatars under the Nureddin-Sultan fight at the Battle of Pavoloch?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored first?
Which team had more points at halftime?
How many field goals did Boswell have?
How many catches did Bryant have?
How many receptions did Floyd have?
Who got the first TD of the game?
How many points were scored by halftime?
Who caught Landry Jones first career TD?
How many yards was the longest TD?
Who lead the Steelers in touchdowns?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Cardinals winning by at halftime?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
What happened first, the awarding of titles to the Mendoza family, or the founding of the city of Guadalajara, Mexico?
Which event happened first, King Henry IV gave Guadalajara the title of 'City' or El Palacio del Infantado was completed?
Which happened last, King Henry IV gave Guadalajara the title of 'City or Guadalajara was sacked
How many years was it from the time that Guadalajara was given the title city to when it was commissioned?
How many years after Guadalajara was given the title of 'City' was the El Palacio del Infantado completed?
How many years after King Henry IV gave Guadalajara the title of 'City' was the foundation of Guadalajara, Mexico commissioned by Nuño de Guzmán?
How many years after King Henry IV gave Guadalajara the title of 'City' did Nuño de Guzmán commission the foundation of Guadalajara, Mexico?
how many games what was Atlanta's winning streak after this game was over?
In what quarter was the last Atlanta field goal?
How many field goals did Bryant kick?
Who was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers division rival?
What Falcons running back scored a touchdown?
Which team kicked more field goals?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
After the end of this game, how many more games in the season had Atlanta won than lost?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Falcons in the third quarter?
Which player scored the second highest number of field goals?
Were there less TD runs or TD passes?
How many total yards to TD runs were there?
How many field goals did Hartley kick?
How many running backs had receiving touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal for the Falcons?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's second field goal compared to his first?
Who scored more field goals, Garrett Hartley or Jason Elam?
How many total field goal yards did Garrett Hartley kick?
How many field goals longer than 23 yards did Garrett Hartley kick?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Hartley kick than Elam?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which player had at least two touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players had 5 yard touchdown runs?
Which player scored the first touchdown reception measuring longer than 5-yards in length?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring 5-yards or less?
Who did the West India Company attack?j
What did Piet Heyn get?
What was the West India Company able to do?
What were two things the West India Company desired?
Who did Pernambuco belong to?
Who captured Bahia?
Who did Piet Heyn work for?
How many years was Bahia under occupation from the West India Company?
How many years were there between the the expedition to Elmina and the capture of Angolan settlements?
How many things did  West India Company want to wrestle away from Portugal?
Which thing involving human beings did West India Company want to wrestle away from Portugal?
What happened first, Piet Heyn captured the entire Spanish treasure fleet or  Bahia on the north east coast of Brazil was captured?
How many touchdown passes did Leinart have?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many second half field goals were there?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many 28 yard field goals were kicked?
who scored first?
who is the quarterback for the seahawks
who scored last?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Rackers kick in total?
How many field goals did Brown kick in total?
Who did the Cardinals lose to in their last game?
Which team scored first?
what is command ?final connecting lead?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who won the game, Colts or Chiefs?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many missed field goals were there in the first half?
How many field goals were attempted during the first half by the Chiefs?
How many more field goals did Vinatieri make than miss?
Did Stafford get picked off by Cox before the late lead or after it?
Who started off losing in the third quarter
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the first half?
How many penalties did the Lions receive in the game?
What all field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many total yards did Nick Folk kick for field goals?
What Chargers defender scored a touchdown?
Which team scored more points in the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
In which quarter did Rivers throw more interceptions?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
How many yards was the Chargers longest drive?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Chargers?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many field goal attempts were missed?
How many years did the Navigation Acts last?
How many years did the Navigation acts span?
What had a bad effect on operations in poor areas?
How many years did the Navigation Acts last?
How many years did the English import duties increase by 400%?
What happened first: the Navigation Acts or France banning the import of English manufactured goods?
What happened second: the Navigation Acts or France banning the import of English manufactured goods?
How many points did the Burkhead 1-yard touchdown result into?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Boswell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Boswell kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many tribes joined the Europeans to fight the Tuscarora?
How many years passed between European settlement of North Carolina in 1653 and when the Tuscarora War broke out?
After the Tuscarora joined, how many nations of the Iroquois Confederacy were there?
How many years did the Tuscarora War fight in North Carolina for?
How many different groups of settlers did the Native Americans fight during the Tuscarora War?
Which happened first, The first successful and permanent settlement of North Carolina by Europeans or the Tuscarora signing a treaty with colonial officials?
How many years was the Tuscarora War?
How many years after the Tuscarora War ended did the Tuscarora sign a treaty with colonial officials?
How many years did the Tuscarora War last?
How many different settlers fought in the Tuscarora War?
What happened first: the Tuscarora War or Tuscarora signed a treaty?
What happened second: the Tuscarora War or Tuscarora signed a treaty?
How many different nations fought for four years?
How many years did the Tuscarora War last?
Where did many of the Tuscarora go after leaving Bertie County?
How many years after the Tuscarora War ended did the Tuscarora sign a treaty to obtain land?
What was the score at the end of the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Alex Smith catch?
How many second half points did the Colts score?
Which players played quarterback for the Buccaneers?
How many yards per minute did the Colts offense accomplish?
How many yards did both teams combine for?
How many more passing yards did the Buccaneers gain compared to rushing yards?
How many more points did the winning team compared to the losing team?
How many cities did the rebels liberate?
How many days passed between the start of the Bulgarian counter-attack and the restoration of order?
How many places did the rebels liberate?
Who led Bulgaria at the beginning of the conflict?
How many days after the Bulgarians entered Prokuplje did the Hungarians enter Kursumlija?
How many areas did the rebellion include?
How many areas did the rebels liberate?
Who led the Bulgarian counter-attack?
How many days after the start of the Bulgarian counter-attack started did the Bulgarians entered Prokuplje?
Which happened first, Pećanac attacked a railway station or Pećanac entered the old Bulgarian border and invaded Bosilegrad?
How many months after the Austro-Hungarian command set out to capture the rest of the Serbian rebels in October 1917 did it take before Kosta Vojinović was killed?
Which happened first, Pećanac attacking a railway station or the Alexander Protogerov's counter-attack?
Where did the rebellion begin?
How many fewer percentage points of households had children in them than those that were married and living together?
How many more percentage points of all households were made up of individuals than had someone living alone over 65?
How many people larger was the average family size than household size?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
When did reinforcements from Goa arrive?
When did the seige of Prome begin?
How many war boats and cargo boats in total were sent down the Irrawaddy to blockade the port?
How many years after Anaukpetlun's forces sacked Prome did his forces then attack Toungoo?
How many more forces did Anaukpetlun have when he sacked Prome compared to when he attacked Toungoo?
How many days after the Burmese successfully brought down a section of the walls was de Brito and Natshinnaung executed by impalement?
How many total of 80 war boats and 30 cargo boats was sent down the Irrawaddy to blockade the port?
Which Portuguese was executed by the Burmese, Natshinnaung or Martaban
How many more Burmese sacked Prome in 13 July 1608 than in Toungoo in August 1610?
Who did Anaukpetlun replace?
Who is Natshinnaung's cousin?
Who led first, Anaukpetlun or Nyaungyan?
How was Anaukpetlun's cousin killed?
Who died first, Naresuan or Natshinnaung?
Who was Natshinnaung's cousin?
How many fewer men did Anaukpetlun's army have on December 12, 1612 than he had on July 13 1608?
How many more war boats were there than cargo boats?
How many years after attacking Prome did Anaukpetlun attack Toungoo?
How many days after Toungoo was sacked were de Brito and Natshinnaung executed?
Who ransacked Toungoo?
Who was the enemy of the Siamese?
How many touchdown passes were 5-yards or shorter?
How many yards in difference were there between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
Which player had the longest touchdown score of the game?
How many field goals did Reed kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Reed kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson miss in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson miss in the second half?
How many rebellions had there been between The Wayuu and the Spanish?
Which group was in a more or less permanent state of war with Wayuu?
Across how many years had their been rebellions against the Spanish?
How many years were between the first and second Wayuu rebellions?
How many Wayuu rebellions were there from 1701 to 1768?
How many rebellions were there?
How many groups were in a permanent state of war?
How many different rebellions occured during the 1700s?
How many years passed between the first and last rebellion?
How many years had there been rebellions?
How many rebellions between the Wayuu and the Spanish occured between 1701 and 1768?
For how many years had the Wayuu and the Spanish experienced rebellions between one another?
How many rebellions were the Wayuu and the Spanish in?
How many different years were there rebellions?
How many years passed between the first and last rebellion?
What years had rebellions in the 1760s?
How many years were there rebellions in the 1760s?
What decade before the 1760s saw no rebellions after Governor Soto de Herrera called them barbarians, 1730s or 1740s?
What record did the Washington Redskins have coming into the game?
Who had a 2-3 record coming into the game?
Which team had the largest comeback in franchise history?
Which team won the game?
How many points was Washington behind by halftime?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many yards were each of Jordan Reed's touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns did the Buccaneers score in the first half than the Redskins?
Which team scored first in the game?
How many points did Houston lose by?
How many touchdowns did Clinton Portis have?
how many yards did Bruener catch?
how many yards did Bett run?
how many yards did Portis run?
how many yards did Carr throw?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bengals score in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at the half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
Which player scored first for the Bengals?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
When was the last time Congress confirmed leasing arragements with the Seneca Nation?
Did the Seneca Nation evict more people in the 1991 incident or the 2012 incident?
How many more people were evicted in the 2012 incident compared to the 1991 incident?
How many years after Congress first confirmed a leasing arrangement with the Seneca Nation did it confirm the arrangement a second time?
Who receives basic income?
who was increasing their sovereignty?
who won the court battle in 1990s?
where did the natives evict people in 2012?
How many different times was an arrangement confirmed by the acts of Congress?
What happened first, the city developed a 99 year federal lease with the Seneca nation or the Seneca ordered eviction of 80 residents at Snyder Beach?
How many acts of Congress confirmed the 99-year federal lease arrangement with the Seneca Nation?
How many different years was the arrangement confirmed by acts of Congress?
About how many total Armenian refugees were there?
About how many total refugees decided to stay?
About how many places did the largest wave of refugees come from?
Where did most of the refugees from the first wave come from?
Where did most of the second wave of Armenian refugees come from?
How many places did the 1000 refugees mostly come from?
How many different places did the 1300 refugees come from?
How many of the 1000 refugees did not stay?
How large was the second wave of refugees?
How many cities did most of the refugees come from?
Of the original 1000 refugees from the Hamidian massacres, how many of them left?
Which wave of refugees had more people the group from the Hamidian massacres or the Adana massacres?
In the group of 9000 Armenian refugees, how many eventually settled in other countries?
Did more refugees come from Adana or Adapazar?
How many cities did the 1000 refugees originate from?
How many more refugees fled in the largest wave than in the fleeing of the massacre of 1909?
Which experienced less refugees fleeing from it, the Genocide perpetrated by the Ottomans and the Young Turks or the Adana Massacre?
How many cities did the refugees of the Hamidian massacres originate?
How many of the refugees did not stay?
How many different massacres were there?
Which massacre did the least people flee from?
Most of the refugees came from which 8 places?
How many of the 1000 refugees from the Hamidian massacres left?
How many of the 9000 Armenian refugees left?
How many more Armenian refugees who fled the Adana massacre were there compared to the refugees from the Hamidian massacres?
How many of the largest wave of Armenian refugees who escaped massive deportations, massacres and Genocide decided not to stay and settled in other countries?
How many of the refugees from the Hamidian massacres that originated from Diyarbakir , Aintab and Kilis decided not to stay?
Which team scored two touchdowns in the second quarter?
Which Texan quarterback threw more touchdowns?
who did the Texans beat at home?
who did the texans play against?
How many total touchdowns were scored?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Gus Frerotte throw?
How many touchdown passes were longer than 10 yards?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many quarterbacks played in the game?
How many yards  difference exists between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Gus Frerotte throw for touchdowns?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many incomplete passes did Schaub throw?
How many more yards was the last touchdown than the first?
How many more passing touchdowns were there than touchdown runs?
How many yards were each of Rosenfels' TD passes?
How many incomplete passes did Matt Schaub throw?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who scored a touchdown first, Ronnie Brown or Braylon Edwards?
In what quarter were the most touchdown passes thrown?
Who kicked more field goals in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first two quarters?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first two quarters?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
What two players each had two touchdowns?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Ted Ginn, Jr's touchdown compared to Ronnie Brown's first touchdown?
How many yards did the two shortest touchdowns add up to?
How many touchdowns were less than 5 yards long?
How many yards did all rushing touchdowns combine for?
How many touchdowns were longer than 50 yards long?
How many field goals were 40 yards or longer?
How many more slave laborers did Japan use than Germany?
Who was set up to fight a protracted war?
How many types of ordinance did the United States provide to the Allies?
How many millions did Germany and Japan use as slave labour combined?
How many percent higher was China's GDP compared to that of Japan if you don't include the Japanese colonies?
In 1938, which power was stronger in population and GDP, the Axis powers or the Western Allies?
How many thirds of all of the ordnance used by the Allies was not provided by the United States?
How many more millions of people did Japan use as slaves than Germany used?
How many combined slave laborers did Germany and Japan use?
How many more Japanese slave laborers were used compared to German slave laborers?
Who had a higher population in 1938: Japan or China?
How many million more slaves did Japan use than Germany in the war?
Did the Western Allies or European Axis powers have a higher GDP?
Who did the Vikings play before the Ravens?
Which team does Berrian play for?
Who is the Vikings' kicker?
Which team scored last?
Which team missed a field goal?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games had the Vikings won prior to this game?
Who scored more points, the Vikings or the Ravens?
How many field goals did Steven Hauschka make?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
Which Vikings' receiver had the most touchdown receptions?
How many yards longer was Brett Favre's first touchdown pass to Visanthe Shiancoe compared to his second touchdown pass to him?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which quarterback threw fewer touchdown passes?
How many more touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw compared to Joe Flacco?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
How many yards longer was  Ray Rice's second rushing touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Steven Hauschka's missed field goal attempt compared to  Ryan Longwell's longest successful field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal compared to Steven Hauschka's only successful field goal?
How many yards did Favre complete pass to Visanthe Shiancoe?
How many yards over 25 did Steven Hauschka get?
Which player pushed Baltimore to the lead?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the fifth longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Brett Favre make?
How many total yards of TD passes did Flacco make?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who also kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Longwell make?
How many total yards of field goals did Hauschka make?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding Kick?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Philip Rivers or Matt Cassel?
How many yards shorter was Philip Rivers's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored both the first and last touchdown of the game?
How many games had the Chargers played this season
What was the 49ers single play of the game
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for touchdowns?
How many yards shorter was Philip Rivers' second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes longer than 11 yards did Philip Rivers throw?
Which players got 1-yard touchdown runs?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make?
How many yards longer was Philip River's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which player passed for the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the second touchdown of the game?
Out of the first three touchdowns, which was the longest?
Out of the first three touchdowns, which was the shortest?
How many yards did the first three touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did the two longest passing touchdowns combine for?
Which player had the most receiving yards on touchdowns?
How many yards do the two longest field goals measure for when their values are combined?
How many yards do the two longest touchdowns and the two longest field goals combine for?
How many more yards do the two longest touchdowns measure when compared to the two longest field goals?
How many total yards were gained when only rushing touchdowns are measured?
Which players scored touchdowns of the exact same length?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's second field goal compared to his first?
How many more touchdowns did the Chargers score than the 49ers?
what was the final score ?
which team did win the game ?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
How many yards difference is there between the two field goals Jeff Wilkins kicked at the start of the game?
Which team beat the Cardinals in the game before this one?
Which team scored the least first quarter points?
Which team underscored the other in this game?
How many 1 yard touchdowns were in this game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Marc Bulger or Jon Kitna?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who is the Patriots quarterback?
Which team scored in overtime?
WHAT DETERMINE THE ATOP FOR THE AFC EAST
WHO ERASED A 23-13 GAP IN THE FOURTH QUARTER
WHO WHIPPED THE PATRIOT
HOW MUCH STEPHEN GOSTKOWSKI BOOTED A FIELD GOAL
WHO WON THE FIRST PLACE
WHO GOT THE BALL BACK
WHO LOSS THE ENDING
WHO TOUCHDOWN CATCH TO DEVIN MCCOURTY
WHO STRIP- SACKED BY ROB NINKOVICH AND JERMAINE CUNNINGHAM
Which Jets players scored in the fourth quarter?
Which players made field goals?
How many years did the Iroqouis stay at war after the English and French made peace?
Who did not remain passive throughout the war?
How many years after peace was made was the attack on Lachine?
How many times did the French ravage the Iroquois?
How many years at most were the Iroquois at was witht the French for?
What happened first, the Iriqouis's attack or Count Frontenac's attack?
How many years had the Iroquois been fighting with the French?
When did the French ravage Iroquois towns and destroy crops?
How many empires attacked the English frontier settlements?
How many expeditions were there during King William's War?
Who attacked first in 1689, the Iroquois or the French?
Who was governor general second, Denonville or Count Frontenac?
Who was governor general first, Denonville or Frontenac?
Which village was attacked first, Onondaga or Lachine?
How many years did the Iroquois continue to be at war with New France after they were abandoned by the English colonists in 1697?
How many total points were scored in the game by both teams?
Who threw for more touchdowns, Cam Newton or Aaron Rodgers?
How many yards longer was Crosby's longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many touchdowns did the Packers score?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal over his shortest?
How many defensive takeaways did Charles Woodson have?
How many touchdowns did the Packers score?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many more passing yards did Newton have than Rodgers?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards did Mason Crosby make?
How many incomplete passes did Rodgers throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many incomplete passes did Aaron Rodgers throw in the game?
By how many points did the Packers win the game?
How many field goals miss during the game?
How many turnovers did Charles Woodson get during the game?
What happened first, the Treaty of Nasuh Pasha being signed or the death of Murad Pasha?
Which event happened first, Murad Pasha marching or problems in the logistics?
How many years did it take for a treaty?
How many years passed between the Peace of Amasya and the Treaty of Nasuh Pasha?
What was the form of currency Shah Abbas received annually?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, Murad Pasha marging against Abbas, or The Treaty of Nasuh Pasha being signed?
Which happened first, Murad marching against Abbas or the signing of the Treaty of Nasuh Pasha?
Who was the grand vizier before Nasuh Pasha?
Was thre Treaty of Nasuh Pasha signed before or after Murad Pasha's death?
How many years after the Peace of Amasya was signed was the Treaty of Nasuh Pasha signed?
Who were the grand viziers?
Who served as grand vizier first, Nasuh Pasha or Murad Pasha?
What two things was Murad Pasha doing right before he died?
How many months after Murad Pasha died was the Treaty of Nasuh Pasha signed?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the first half?
How many field goals did the Bears kick in the third quarter?
How many is the difference in yards of the TD pass to Gronkowski and the yards of the TD run by Woodhead?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
Who scored first
Who made the shortest run
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Billy Cundiff’s last field goal compared to John Kasay’s last field goal?
Who threw a lateral after intercepting a pass?
Who threw a 56 yard touchdown pass?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals were kicked from 40 yards or further?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Billy Cundiff or John Kasay?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which players caught TD passes longer than 50 yards?
Which Ravens defenseman scored touchdowns?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Suisham kick?
Which team took a fourth quarter lead?
How caught the Steelers touchdown?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored more points, the Ravens or the Steelers?
What was the shortest field goal in the game?
Who scored first, the Ravens or the Steelers?
How many field goals measured between 15 yards and 25 yards long?
How many yards were gained on touchdown passes that were shorter than 15 yards long?
How many fewer yards did Ben Roethlisberger have from passing touchdowns compared to Joe Flacco?
How many more yards did Suisham have compared with Cundiff?
Which quarterback had the longer touchdown pass?
Were more field goals or touchdowns scored during the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Steelers get in the fourth quarter?
how many yards did wallace pass?
how many yards did ayers return?
Which player scored first in the game?
Which quarterback fumbled the ball which was recovered for a touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the fourth quarter?
Who caught a 3-yard touchdown reception?
How many touchdown receptions did Hines Ward catch?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many years did the East Asia Development board enslave five million Chinese civilians?
How many countries had people prisoned by Japan?
How many countries were prisoners from that were released?
From which countries were prisoners released?
How many prisoners all together were released after the  surrender of Japan?
How many times higher was the death rates of the western prisoners?
From how many Asian countries were prisoners enslaved?
Which Asian countries were people enslaved after Japan surrendered?
How many years spanned from the enslavement of the China and Manchukuo?
How many areas where the slaves forced to work?
Where were the slaves forced to work?
How many of the 270000 were not repatriated?
Which countries had over 20,000 prisoners released?
How many more prisoners were from the UK than the Netherlands?
How many of the 270,000 Javanese laborers were not repatriated?
How many more prisoners were released from the United States than China?
Who scored more points, Baltimore or Lions?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
How many field goals did Justin Tucker make in the 2nd half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions lose by?
How many losses did the Lions have after the game?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Baltimore win by?
How many pooints did Detroit lead by at halftime?
How many points were there between both teams at halftime?
How many points did each team combne for at the end of the game?
How many turnovers did the Lions have?
Which player accounted for the winning points of the game?
Who is in first place in the NFC South?
How many yards was Steve Smiths longest catch?
how many points did the panthers win by against the ravens?
who was injured?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Panthers win the game by?
Who wrote Gondibert?
Who did Davenant support in the First Army Plot?
When was Davenant knighted?
Who convicted Davenant of treason?
What year was Davenant made lieutenant governor of Maryland?
How many years passed between his release and his pardon?
How many years after the death of Ben Jonson was Davenant named Poet Laureate?
How many years after Davenant published Gondibert was he pardoned?
Who was Poet Laureate first, Ben Jonson or Davenant?
How many years after Davenant was named Poet Laureate was he declared guilty of high treason by parliament?
Did Ben Jonson serve as Poet Laureate first, or Davenant?
How many years after being Poet Laureate was Davenant declared guilty of high treason by parliament?
Which did Davenant participate in first, the First Army Plot, of the siege of Gloucester?
How many years after being appointed Emissary to France was Davenant given the position of lieutenant governor of Maryland?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did Green Bay have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes of at least 30 yards did Rodgers have?
Which QB had more passing touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Aaron Rodgers's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which QB had the longer rushing touchdown?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player had the longest run of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player returned an interception for a touchdown?
How many of the field goals weren't Phil Dawson's?
How many points ahead were the Browns after the second quarter?
How many more yards was the rush on the fake punt by Reggie Hodes than the punt return by Eric Wright?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
Which team was losing at the half?
How many more field goals did Dawson kick than Hartley in the first half?
Which player caught two interceptions?
how many yards was bryants kick?
how many yards was Wallace td kick?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Who threw longer than 20 yard pass, Wallace or Ryan?
Which half saw most field goals, first or second?
What BMI reduces life expectancy for ten years, BMI of 30–35 kg/m2 or BMI > 40 kg/m2?
Who had the most deaths per year caused by obesity, Europe or United States?
Where is obesity estimated to cause more deaths, the United States or Europe?
What BMI's have been found to have the lowest mortality risk in smokers and non-smokers?
How many yards was the first touchdown?
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many yards was the second field goal?
How many yards was the third field goal?
How many yards was the last touchdown?
What are the amount of wins for the Ravens right now?
What are the amount of losses for the Ravens right now?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
In which quarter did both teams kick field goals?
How many yards was the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play?
How many field goals did Baltimore kick during the first half?
How many points were the Cowboy's behind at the end of the half?
Which team kicked more field goals?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Buccaneers won prior to this game?
Which team was losing at the half?
How many points did the Buccaneers score in the game?
Who are the Bucs tied with in their division?
How many games had the Bucs won in a row entering the game?
How many total points were scored in the second half?
Who was in command of Levis?
Which general did not want de Montcalm to come?
How many more men did the British have then the French?
How many more men did the British army under the command of General James Abercrombie have than the French defenses?
Which happened first, the French expedition to Fort William Henry or French planning for the campaign in the French and Indian War.
How many more men did the British army under General James Abercrombie have than the French defenses?
What was Montcalm's title?
Who won the Battle of Carillon?
How many more were there in the British army under the command of General James Abercrombie than the French defenses?
Who did Vaudreuil not want to come?
Who did Lévis develop good relations with?
Who were the leaders of the forces at the Battle of Carillon?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick?
How many yards was Kaeding's longest field goal?
Who else other than Kaeding kicked field goals?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick?
How many TD passes did Damon Huard complete?
Who did Damon Huard throw TD passes to?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick that were good?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards difference was Nate Kaeding’s second field goal compared to his third field goal?
How many yards difference was Dave Rayner’s first field goal compared to his last field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the most field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards shorter was  Nate Kaeding's first field goal compared to his second field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was Damon Huard's shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Damon Huard's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdowns longer than 49 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns shorter than 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards were kicked?
How many touchdowns of 50 or more yards did the Chiefs score in the fourth quarter?
How many more yards was Nate Kaedings second field goal over his first?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick in the second quarter?
Who had the longest reception?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Huard throw in the second half?
What happened first, the conquest of Smolensk or the founding of the Novodevichy Convent?
Which happened first, the founding of the Novodevichy Convent or the capture of the Novodevichy Convent?
How many years after the conquest of Smolensk was the Novodevichy Convent founded?
Who was Ivan the Terribles daughter-in-law?
How many years did the Polish unit capture of convent for?
Where did the original fortress begin when the convent was first created?
How many villages and uyezds did the Novodevichy Convent possess by the end of the 17th century?
What happened first: the Novodevichy Convent or conquest of Smolensk?
How many years after Vasili III's conquest of Smolensk was the Novodevichy Convent founded?
How many villages was the Convent granted when it was founded?
How many years after being founded did it take before the Convent owned 14,489 peasants?
How many years after the conquest of Smolensk was the Novodevichy Convent founded?
How many villages was the Convent granted?
How many years was the Convent under Polish control?
What year were the villages of Akhabinevo and Troparevo granted to the Novodevichy Convent?
What did Ivan the Terrible's father found in 1524?
Which happened first, Vasili III's conquest of Smolensk or he founded the Novodevichy Convent?
How many years after the Novodevichy Convent was founded was it captured by a Polish unit?
How many people did Philip imprison?
How many years were inbetween Philip becoming king and him tightening his control over Flanders?
How many years was Philippa in prison?
Who did form guilds in the cities of Flanders?
How many years had Flanders been a part of the French Kingdom when Philip IV became King?
How many years after becoming Kind did Philip IV use complaints over taxes to tighten his control over Flanders?
How many years after the tax complaints were made did Guy of Dampierre turn to King Edwaed I of England for help?
How many members of Guy's family did Philip imprison?
How many years after she was imprisoned did Philippa die?
How many years after his imprisonment was Guy summoned before the King?
How many years after he first attempted to ally with Edward I did Guy attempt another alliance with Edward I of England?
How many years after the Treaty of Verdun did Philip IV become King of France?
How many years after Philip IV of France became King did he tighten his control over Flanders?
How many years after Philippa was imprisoned did she die?
How many years after Philip imprisoned Guy did Guy attempt to revenge himself on Philip?
How many years after the Treaty of Verdun did Philip IV of France become King?
How many years after Philip IV of France became King did he use complaints over taxes to tighten his control over Flanders?
How many years after Guy turned to King Edward I of England for help to arrange a marriage between his daughter Philippa and Edward did she die?
How many cities were listed in Flanders as the richest cities at the time?
How many years was Philippa imprisoned before dying?
How many wins did the Browns have before the game?
How many games has the Browns won so far this season?
Did KFC have more outlets in the US or in other countries in 1994?
How many years after the KFC name was officially adopted did the company launch the "zinger" sandwich?
How many more billion dollars was the Pepsi Co restaurant division worth in 2013 compared to 1997?
How many restaraunt chains had more annual sales worldwide than Tricorn Global Restaurants?
How many names has the PepsiCo restaurant divisin had since it became a public company?
As of 1997, which company had higher annual sales, Tricon Global Restaurants or McDonalds?
How many years after Tricon Global Restaurants was created was it renamed Yum! Brands?
When did Kentucky Fried Chicken officially adopt it's shorter name, made of its' initials?
What was the parent group of KFC in 1996?
What restaurant group was largest in the world in 1997?
What menu items were launched in the early 90s?
What major products were launched by KFC in the 1990's?
How many of the KFC outlets were not in the US in 1994?
How many years after PepsiCo spun off its restaurants division as a public company named Tricon Global Restaurants was it renamed Yum! Brands?
How many more billion in annual sales did Tricon Global Restaurants have in annual sales in 2013 compared to 1997?
Which product was launched first, spicy "Hot Wings" or popcorn chicken?
How many years after the KFC name was officially adopted was the "Zinger" product launched?
How many years was Stefan Vojislav imprisoned in Constantinople?
How many years passed until Stefan escaped  prison?
How many places did the courts set up?
How many years was it estimated that Stefan Vojislav was imprisoned before breaking out?
How many  different rebellions did Stefan Vojislav organize?
How many years did it take for Stevan Voljislav to gain control of Ston, Skadar, Trebinje, Kotor, and Bar?
How many more percentage points of Bristol residents commute using a car, van, motorbike or taxi than use the bus?
What are the major races that the census kept track of?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not white?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not Irish?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not Gypsy's?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not "other white"?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not mixed?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not white-and-black Caribbean?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not white and black?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not White and Asian?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not "other mixed"?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not British Asian?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not British Indian?
How many percent of the United Kingdom in 2011 are not British Chinese?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not Irish?
How many percent of people were not gypsy?
How many percent of people were not mixed?
How many percent of people were not white-and-black Caribbean?
How many percent of people were not white-and-black African?
How many percent of people were not British Asian?
How many percent of people were not Black British?
How many percent of people were not British Pakistanis?
How many percent of people were not British Indian?
How many percent of people were not other black?
How many percent of people were not British Arabs?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, how many in percent weren't white?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, how many in percent weren't mixed?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, how many in percent weren't British Asian?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, how many in percent weren't Black British?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, how many in percent weren't British Arabs?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is larger: White people or Mixed?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is smaller: White people or Mixed?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is larger: British Asian or Black British?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is smaller: British Asian or Black British?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is larger: British Asian or British Arabs?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is smaller: British Asian or British Arabs?
According to the 2011 United Kingdom Census, which group is larger: Black British or British Arabs?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't British Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't British Arabs?
Which group from the census is larger: British Asian or White?
Which group from the census is smaller: British Asian or White?
Which group from the census is larger: British Asian or Mixed?
Which group from the census is smaller: British Asian or Mixed?
Which group from the census is larger: British Asian or Black British?
Which group from the census is smaller: British Asian or Black British?
Which group from the census is larger: British Asian or British Arabs?
Which group from the census is smaller: British Asian or British Arabs?
What demographic groups made up less than 5% of Bristol in 2011?
What methods of transportation are used by between 5% and 20% of Bristol residents?
What is the least common method of transportation for Bristol residents?
Which team won the game with a field goal?
How many points ahead was Tampa Bay after the 85-yard interception?
Which team missed a field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the most field goals?
How many points did the Bears lose by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points did the Bears lose by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many wins did the Bears have through Week 3?
How many times did Ryan Tannehill kneel in this game?
What happened on the first play of the game?
How many challenges were there in this game?
How many points were the Bears favored by in this game?
Which team attempted the first field goal?
How many points were the Bears trailing by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many field goals did Sturgis miss?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards longer was Chris Johnson's second touchdown compared to his first?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes in the first half?
How many touchdowns longer than 50 yards were there in the first half?
How many touchdowns shorter than 50 yards were there in the first half?
How many yards longer was Andre Johnson's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
Which kicker kicked fewer field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many touchdowns longer than 60 yards did Chris Johnson score?
Who kicked the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Matt Schaub throw for touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Matt Schaub's second field goal over his first one?
Who kicked the longest field goal, Rob Bironas or Kris Brown?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown yards did Chris Johnson have during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many interceptions did Brock Osweiler throw?
From what distance was more than one field goal attempted?
How many yards did the longest touchdown pass go for?
Who scored the tying field goal in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored in overtime?
Which player had the longest touchdown play of the game?
how many yards did anderson run?
how many yards did bolden run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the 2nd half?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many total yards did Tom Brady have off of touchdowns in the first half?
Which Broncos had rushing touchdowns?
How many more yards was C.J. Anderson's second touchdown over his first?
How many more yards was Tom Brady's first touchdown over his second?
How many touchdows did Edwards have?
How many fielg goals did Prater have?
How many touchdowns did Tomlinson have?
Which kicker kicked over 100 yards in field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which players made field goals longer than 50-yards?
Which kickers kicked field goals over 50 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown in the game?
How many touchdowns did Miami score in the second quarter?
Which team scored the most passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards long was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
Which team scored the least amount of points?
How many games had the Lions won coming in to this game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first quarter compared to the shortest?
Which running back had the shortest touchdown run?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which kicker kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many yards was the third longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked 40 yards or longer?
How many touchdowns were scored 10 yards or longer?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 10 yards?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
Which players kicked a field goal 40 yards or longer?
How many field goals over 30 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many yards longer was Lion's longest field goal over Dolphin's longest one?
How many TD passes over 50 yards were thrown?
How many TD passes shorter than 30 yards were caught?
How many yards longer was the longest TD rush over the shortest one?
How many yards longer was Rayner's second field goal over his first one?
Which age group had the highest population?
Which age group had the lowest population?
Where there fewer females or males in the adult population?
How many percents of the county was 18 years or older?
How many percents of the population was 18 to 44?
Which gender made up a larger part of the counties population, male or female?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less females per 100 were there than males?
How many less females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less males per 100 were there than males?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Were there more males or females?
Which age group made up the majority of the population?
Was more of the population under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
Were there more people from 18 to 24 or from 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 23%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 12%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many days passed between the Armenia & Georgia skirmishes arising and the ceasefire?
Who was not a signatory of the Treaty of Batum?
Who built military outposts along the Dzoraget River?
What event happened first,Treaty of Brest-Litovsk or the Treaty of Batum?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish war last?
How many months, Azerbaijanis declaring independent nation states to the Georgian-Armenian War?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk or the Georgian-Armenian War?
How many years after the Russo-Turkish War the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk signed?
How many months did warfare continue after skirmishes arose between Armenia and Georgia?
How many countries fought in the Georgian-Armenian War?
What treaty was signed first: Treaty of Brest-Litovsk or the Treaty of Batum?
What treaty was signed second: Treaty of Brest-Litovsk or the Treaty of Batum?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many countries declared independent nation states in late-May 1918?
Which areas were disputed in the Georgian-Armenian War?
Which occurred first, the signing of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, or the Georgian-Armenian War?
The Transcaucasian Sejm allowed who to control Ottoman Empire territories gained during the war?
Did the Trebizond Peace Conference succeed?
How many months after the signing of the Treaty of Batum did the skirmishes between Armenia and Georgia arise?
How many years did Shah Abbas I the Great live?
Who did Abbas I fight second, the Uzbeks, or the Ottomans?
How many cities did Abbas I captue when fighting the Uzbeks?
How many years after coming to power did Abbas I capture Herat and Mashhad?
How many years did the Ottoman-Safavid War last?
Who did the English navy assist in the Persian Gulf?
How many of Abbas I's loyal subjects disobeyed him?
How many years did Shah Abbas I the Great rule for?
In what year was Shah Abbas I the Great born?
How many years did the Ottoman-Safavid War that began in 1603 last?
How many years after Abbas I the Great came to power did he recapture Herat and Mashad from the Uzbeks?
How many years after Abbas I the Great came to power did he dislodge the Portugese from Bahrain?
How many years after Abbas I the Great came to power did he dislodge the Portugese from Hormuz Island?
How many years did Shah Abbas I the Great rule as a Safavid monarch?
How many years old was Shah Abbas I the Great when he recaptured Herat and Mashhad?
Which how many years did the monarchy of Shah Abbas I the Great and the Ottoman–Safavid War overlap?
Which happened first, the capture of Baghdad by Shah Abbas I the Great, or his campaign in Georgia?
How many is the difference between Manipui and the total number of calvary?
How many is the difference in Manipuri and the number of ships in the fleet?
How many of the cavalry were Cassay Horse?
Which son wasn't second in command?
Approximately how many of the 3000 troops in the cavalry were not Manipuri "Cassay Horse?"
What were the names of Alaungpaya's two sons?
How many of Alaungpaya's cavalry were not Manipuri "Cassay Horse"?
How many years after their conquest were the Manipuri "Cassay Horse" forced into Alaungpaya's service?
What were the names of Alaungpaya's sons?
Which of Alaungpaya's sons was older, Naungdawgyi or Hsinbyushin?
How many of the 3000 calvary were not 2000 Manipuri?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Dolphins lost before this one?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Which players scored from 20 yards?
How many yards longer was Lindell's field goal compared with Feely's?
How many touchdown passing yards did Edwards have?
How many losses did the Steelers have before this game was played?
How many starts did Dixon have in his career after this game?
Who did the Steelers lose to?
Who threw the pass for a 33-yard TD, tying the game?
How many yards was Joe Flacco's longest pass?
How many yards did Billy Cundiff's 56 yard field goal attempt actually go?
How many more points did the Ravens score than the Steelers?
How many touchdowns did Holmes score?
How many touchdowns did Rice score?
How many touchdowns did Mason have?
How many receptions did Mason have?
How many field goals did Cundiff make?
How many catches did Clayton have?
How many field goals did Reed have?
What did England win
How many years spanned the cricket series?
Where was this series taking place?
How many more points did Syd Gregory score than George Giffen?
How many players did the heavy rain effect?
How many points did England win the series by?
How many cricketers are mentioned?
How many more wickets did Tom Richardson have compared to Peel?
Who had a higher average in the series, Tom Richardson or Peel?
How many is Gregory and George Griffen combined score?
How many points in Cricket did England respond to to Australia?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points did Atlanta score in all?
What was the Falcons record at the end of the game?
What city did the game take place in?
What was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Who's touchdown catch was longer, Foster or White?
Whose first half field goal was longer, Andersens or Kasays?
Which team scored last?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked?
How many yards was John Kasay's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was Morten Andersen's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Morten Andersen's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
Which TD passes did Joey Harrington complete?
How many different players received TD passes?
Which team was in the lead in the second quarter?
How many passes did Harrison catch?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many passing touchdowns of 10-yards or less were scored?
How many more passing touchdowns did Peyton Manning have compared to David Carr?
How many field goals over 40-yards were kicked?
How many yards did Ron Dayne gain on his first two touchdowns?
How many more yards did Peyton Manning gain on his first touchdown when compared to Ron Dayne's first two touchdowns?
Which quarterback threw for the shortest touchdown?
How many total completions were gained when both quarterback's stats are observed?
How many total incompletions were gained when both quarterback's stats are observed?
Which quarterback threw for more incomplete passes during the game?
How many yards per passing play did Peyton Manning average during this game?
How many yards per passing play did David Carr average during this game?
How many more passing yards did Peyton Manning have when compared to Joseph Addai's rushing yards?
How many yards per rush did Joseph Addai average throughout the game?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the second half?
How many years did Thorvald Stauning rule in Denmark?
How many ships made it to Sweden?
How many ships did Germany not seize out of the 32?
How many years did Thorvald Stauning run the Danish navy?
In the Battle of Isefjord, were more vessels sunk or captured?
How many of the refitted ships escaped swedish waters?
Where did A. H. Vedel's say to scuttle the ships?
Which happened first, the scuttling of 32 larger ships or the official formation of a Danish flotilla in exile?
How many years was the Danish navy neglected by the Danish politicians?
Who scuttled 32 of the larger ships?
Why did the Danish navy scuttle their own ships?
What did the Navy have low priority for
How many years did the Navy especially have low priority for the politicians?
wh helped the Germans with minesweeping?
Which two nations were not getting along?
How many of the larger ships did the Germans not seize?
How many large and smaller vessels did Germany successfully seize from the Danish in on 29 August 1943?
How many more smaller vessels did Germany successfully seize compared to larger ones on 29 August 1943?
How many larger vessels reached Sweden compared to Greenland during the Battle of Isefjord?
How many ships was Germany able to take away from the Danish?
How many  more vessels reached Sweden than Greenland?
How many smaller more smaller vessels were captured by the Germans than larger vessels?
What happened first, the execution of Chief Hancock or Southern Tuscarora losing Fort Neoheroka?
How many different Native American allie tribes were the majority of Colonel Moore's troops made up of?
What happened first, the remaining Southern Tuscarora charted Bertie County or the remaining Tuscarora signed a treaty with the settlers?
What was the smallest forces South Carolina troops had, 33 white men or 900 Native Americans?
Which event happened second, Tuscarora tribe signed a treaty or Tuscarora  lost their fort?
What happened first, the execution of Chief Hancock, or the loss of Fort Neoheroka?
Did Moore's troops have more white men, or more Native American allies?
How many years after the loss of Fort Neoheroka did the Tuscarira sign a treaty with the settlers?
Which were there more of, white men or Native American allies?
About how many total people made up Colonel Moore's troops, both white and natives?
How many years after settlers were granted a tract of land on the Roanoke River did the colony charter Bertie County?
How many different areas did the army camp in before getting to Gwynedd?
Where did the army begin their march towards Gwynedd?
How many soldiers of Edward's army weren't Welshmen?
How many months past from when Edward launched a punitive expedition into North Wales to when they were running short of men and supplies
How many people of the army were not Welshmen?
How many men in Edward's army were not Welshmen?
How many months passed between Edward launching a punitive expedition into North Wales and negotiating a settlement with Llywelyn?
Which team scored the most points and won the game?
What was the biggest obstacle to regaining the lead for the Seahawks?
Did the Seahawks or the Green Bay Packers score more points in week 6?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were kicked from 50 yards or further?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who's first half field goal was longer, Crosby or Mare?
In which quarters did only the Packers score?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored on one yard plays?
How many field goals were between 45 and 55 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more field goal yards did Mason Crosby make than Olindo Mare?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many yards longer was Crosby's second field goal compared to his first?
Which team's first half touchdown play was longer?
Which players scored one yard touchdowns?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Aaron Rodgers have?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
In which quarter was Frye's longest touchdown catch?
How many yards longer was Mare's first half field goal compared to Crosby's first half field goal?
In which quarters did both teams score?
Which players scored 1 yard touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many more yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make than Olindo Mare?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers make?
Which QB had the most passes for a TD in the second quarter?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
How many total yards did Mason Crosby kick for?
How many field goals were for 50 yards or more?
Which came first, Olindo's longest field goal or Mason Crosby's longest field goal?
How many different players did Aaron Rodgers complete a TD to?
How many different players did Charlie Frye complete a TD to?
How many interceptions did Russell Wilson throw?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which team had the least points?
How many wins did the Broncos have coming in?
How many field goals were made?
How many wins did the Broncos have before this game?
How many TD's did Walker have on the day?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Javon Walker have?
What player threw the second most touchdown passes?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns did Walker have?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How long were each of Javon Walker's touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Javon Walker have on touchdown receptions?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards combined are the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jake Plummer or Tom Brady?
How many more touchdown passes did Jake Plummer make over Tom Brady?
Which touchdown passes did Jake Plummer make?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 4 yards?
How many yards longer was Jake Plummer's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes longer than 30 yards did Jake Plummer make?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
What all touchdowns did Jake Plummer make?
What all touchdown passes did Javon Walker passes catch?
How many points did the chiefs lose to the Ravens?
How many yards was the shortest TD run?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the first quarter?
What all touchdowns did Joe Flacco make?
What all touchdowns did Brodie Croyle make?
How many more yards was Joe Flacco touchdown pass to Mark Clayton than Brody Croyle's touchdown pass to Sean Ryan?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's field goal compared to Steven Hauschka's field goal?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many points were the Cardinals winning by in the second quarter?
How many points did the Buccaneers lose by?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many games has Adrian Peterson played for the Cardinals before their game against the Buccaneers?
By how many points did the Buccaneers lose by at the end of the game?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many total points were scored in the second half?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
What was the halftime score?
Which team did not score in the first half?
Which team trailed by at least 20 points?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many wins did the Seahawks have in the last two games?
How many points got the Lions on the board?
How many points did Seattle get in the second quarter?
Which team won?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many scores did the Lions make in the first quarter?
How many scores would Seattle make in the second quarter?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals did Olindo Mare make?
What all field goals did did Olindo Marer make?
What all field goals did did Jason Hanson make?
What all touchdowns did Matthew Stafford  make?
What all players caught a touchdown pass from Matthew Stafford?
What all touchdowns did Matthew Stafford make?
How many yards difference was there between Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Brandon Pettigrew and  Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Bryant Johnson?
What all field goals did X make?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
Which player made field goals longer than 40 yards?
From what distance were two field goals made?
How many points did the Ravens have in the first quarter?
Which team did the Ravens beat prior to playing the Bengals?
How many field goals were made?
How many wins did the Ravens have after this game?
How many losses did the Ravens have after this game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many field goals did Graham make in the game?
How many more wins over losses did the Redskins have during the start of the season?
How many teams lost a game by more than 5 points in 2008?
How many points did the Redskins lose to the Steelers by?
How many points did the Vikings lose by against the Falcons?
How many points were the Redskins leading by at the half of their final game of the season?
How many total points were scored in the Redskins final game of the season?
How many more points did the Pittsburg Steelers beat the Washington Redskins by in 2008?
How many total games did the Redskins play when they were 7-7 on the season?
How many points were scored in the final game of the regular season between the Redskins and 49ers?
How many points did the Redskins lose to the Steelers by in the game before the 2008 presidential election?
Who did the Redskins play last between the Rams and Steelers?
Which two teams did the Redskins lose to at the start of the 2008 season?
Which team won the game between the Washington Redskins and the Pittsburgh Steelers on the eve of the US presidential election in 2008?
How many more points did the Pittsburgh Steelers score than the Washington Redskins in 2008?
Which team won the final game of the 2008 season, the Washington Redskins or the San Francisco 49ers?
Which two teams played the same time as the Redskins and the Eagles in Week 16?
How many points did the 49ers score in the second half against the Redskins?
Which two teams did the Redskins lose to in their first 8 games?
How many points did the Redskins lose to the Steelers by?
How many more points did the Falcons score compared to the Vikings?
How many more points did the 49ers score compared to the Redskins in the Redskins' final game of the season?
How many points were the Redskins leading by at halftime against the 49ers?
How many points did the Redskins score in the second half against the 49ers?
Other than the Spanish, how many countries participated in the invasion of Cambodia?
How many years passed between Naresuen attacking Cambodia and Cambodia coming under the dominance of the Thai?
How many leaders did the Spanish expedition into Cambodia have?
How many years after Thai ruler Naresuen attacked Cambodia did Ruiz and Veloso succeeded in establishing king Barom Reachea II?
How many months after Thai ruler Naresuen attacked Cambodia in order to fight the Burmese did 100,000 Thai soldiers invade Cambodia?
WHich event occurred first, Cambodia came under the dominance of the Thai or Thai ruler Naresuen attacked Cambodia?
How many years after Thai ruler Naresuen attacked Cambodia did Cambodia came under the dominance of the Tha?
How many things did the Spanish Empire want by conquering Cambodia?
What religion were the Spanish?
How many countries participated in the invasion of Cambodia?
Which 2  Asian countries participated in the invasion of Cambodia?
which 2 countries were rivals?
why did both Spain and Portugal have to attack Cambodia?
How many people succeeded in establishing king Barom Reachea II in May 1597
Who succeeded in establishing king Barom Reachea II in May 1597
How many kings are mentioned in the passage?
Who ended up ruling Cambodia?
What happened later, Thai's invasion or  Naresuen attacked Cambodia?
How many countries participated in the invasion of Cambodia?
How many years Machuca and Gonzales entered Cambodia until Cambodia came under the dominance of Thai
Why was there an attempted to start the Cambodian-Spanish War?
How many reasons did the Spanish empire have to attempt a war on the Cambodians?
Which religion did the hope to spread by conquering Cambodia?
Why did the Spanish and Portuguese specifically work together to invade Cambodia?
Which invasion failed?
How many private individuals slaughtered the Spaniards and Portuguese?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
Which fortress did the Swedish set on fire?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
How many times did Sweden and Moscow corroborate the peace settlement?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
How many years did it take for both countries to corroborate the peace settlement?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
How many years after the Swedish throne fell to Hans of Denmark were hostilities suspended for?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
What happened first, the peace settlement, or the Russo-Swedish War?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
How many years was the time span where Sweden and Moscow corroborate the peace settlement after hostilities were suspended?
How many years after Sweden and Moscow ratified a peace treat did both countries first corroborate the peace settlement?
How many years had Louis XIV been in control before he insituted the policy of dragonnades?
How many  years did the fighting between the Camisards and the government last?
WHAT DID LOUIS XIII IN 1681 DO TO INTIMIDATE THE HUGUENOTS TO CONVERT TO ROMAN CATHOLICISM
WHAT ACTIONS  DID LOUIS XIV TAKE  THAT CREATED A INFLUX OF PROTESTANTS IN GREAT BRITAIN   ?
How many years before Louis issued the Edict of Fontainebleau did Louis XIV began to disregard some of the provisions of the Edict?
How many years after he instituted the policy of dragonnades did Louis issued the Edict of Fontainebleau?
How many years after Louis issued the Edict of Fontainebleau did the Camisards start revolting against the government?
Camisards, revolted against the government on and off for how many years.
How many years before the Camisards stoped revolting did Louis XIV instituted the policy of dragonnades?
How many years after Louis XIV began assuming control of his governement did he institute the policy of dragonnades?
Which occured first, the policy of dragonnades or the Edict of Fontainebleau?
How many years after the policy of dragonnades did Louis officially make being a Protestant illegal in France?
For how many years did the Camisards fight intermittently with the government?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team scored a safety, Green bay or Detroit?
In which country does this incident takes place?
Who was founder of bethel circuit?
Where does Amd church is located ?
Why would Vesey's children be born into slavery?
How many years was the church open between the first and second closings?
Was Vesey a slave?
How many years passed between the formation of the AME Church in Philadephia and the one in Charleston?
How many years passed between the two times the AME church in Charleston was closed?
How many dollars did Telemaque have left after buying his freedom?
How many years passed between the founding of the Bethel circuit and the closure of the church in 1821?
What is the acronym for the African Methodist Episcopal Church?
What did Vesey do for a living?
What did Vesey not like about the church he belonged to?
Where was the AME church first founded?
What was Vesey's wife's name?
How many years after winning the city lottery, did Telemaque help found the African Methodist Episcopal Church?
How many years after the founding of the African Methodist Episcopal Church was it closed for a second time?
How many years after the founding of the church was the church closed for a second time?
How many AME churches were larger than the AME Church in Charleston?
Who did not win
Who punted?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop kick in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Who had a 38 yard interception return?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many more total yards did The Eagles have than the Chiefs?
How many total points were scored?
How many sacks did Justin Houston have?
How many yards was the longest play from scrimmage?
How many yards was the second longest offensive touchdown?
Which team did Andy Reid coach for in this game?
How many points did the Chiefs score on their first drive?
Which player scored the first points for the Eagles in the game?
Which player had the first pick six of the game?
Which team scored the first points of the fourth quarter?
How many turnovers did the Eagles have all game?
Which player forced the last turnover of the game?
How many points did the Eagles need to tie the game?
Which team failed to score in the second quarter?
which team allowed the most first quarter points?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team won the game?
How many is the largest number of people who reached Dawson city that could not have been prospectors?
Excluding long-term minters, in what year were most of the best creeks claimed?
Approximately how many  prospectors did not actually strike gold?
In July 1898, how many creeks had almost 10000 claims between them?
Which gold was found first placer gold or bench gold?
At a high estimate, how many more people who reached Dawson City during the gold rush actually became prospectors?
At maximum estimates, how many prospectors did not strike gold?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw?
Who caught the Giants touchdowns?
What team had not won a game this season?
How long was the touchdown pass thrown to Steve Smith?
How long was Jacobs touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many times did the Buccaneers score?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
What teamscored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many jobs in the primary sector were not in agriculture?
How many jobs in the secondary sector were not in manufacturing?
How many jobs in the tertiary sector were not in the sale or repair of motor vehicles?
What position were more people employed in, construction or agriculture?
How many volunteers signed up during the period February 2014 through February 2015?
How many volunteers were gained between February 2014 and February 2015?
Where were more volunteers from, the community, or corporations?
How many more volunteers signed up after the initial 5000 in February 2014?
How many more of the volunteers came from corporations in support of the event than those that came from the community in terms of percent.
How many volunteers signed up than they originally estimated that they needed?
Were more volunteers signed up by February 2014 or 2015?
How many more volunteers signed up between February 2014 and February 2015?
Did more volunteers come from the community or from corporations?
How many volunteers were added from February 2014 to February 2015?
Out of the 17000 volunteers, less came from which, the community or corporations?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How long did the first two rushing touchdowns shorter than 5 yards measure?
How many yards were gained on LaDainian Tomlinson's first two touchdown runs?
How many yards were gained on the two shortest touchdown runs in the first two quarters?
Which player had the longest defensive touchdown scored?
How many yards were gained on touchdowns scored in the fourth quarter?
How many more yards were gained on the two longest touchdowns in the fourth quarter when compared to the two shortest?
How many yards long was the average length of touchdowns scored in the fourth quarter?
Which player had the longest touchdown pass of the fourth quarter?
How many field goals measured between 30 yards and 35 yards long?
Which Justice was in the majority the least often?
How many justices were in the minority in the 14 of 19 cases that were decided alng ideological lines?
How many terms were Justice Roberts and Justice Kennedy both not in the majority the most?
How many justices are conservative?
Which Justice comes in first for highest number of cases where they are in the majority?
How many cases broke ideological lines than were decided by a 5-4 vote?
How many cases was Chief Justice Roberts not in the majority 68 out 73?
Which chief justice was in the majority in most cases, Kennedy or Roberts?
How many more percentage was Roberts in the majority than Kennedy?
Which Chief Justice was likely to be in majority, Sotomayor or Kennedy?
Who was in the majority the least?
Who ruled the same as Justice Sotomayor most often?
Who ruled the same as Roberts the most?
How many justices are in the majority?
What justices were in the majority?
How many justices are in the minority?
How many cases that were decided by the majority were not along ideological lines?
How many cases was Chief Justice Roberts not in the minority?
How many cases was Kennedy not in the majority?
How many cases was Sotomayor not in the majority?
How many justices were in the conservative majority?
How many cases did not break on ideological lines?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdown passes did Flacco throw?
How many field goals did Justin Tucker kick?
How many points did Baltimore lead by after the first quarter?
How many points did Baltimore win by?
How many yards did Rice rush for on his two touchdown runs?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Justin Tucker make?
How many yards was the games longest field goal?
Which team scored during the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many points were the Ravens leading by at halftime?
How many field goals were longer than 35 yards?
Was Rice's touchdown run longer in the first quarter or the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Lawrence Tynes kick?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team was allowed the most points to start the second quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
What player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the second touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the second touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards were gained on the first two passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the second touchdown pass when measured against the first touchdown pass?
Which fibula was broken during the game?
How many yards of differential separated the two longest field goals?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring shorter than 30-yards?
Which kicker converted more field goal yards?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdown yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many more field goals did Lawrence Tynes kick compared to Jason Hanson?
From what yard lines were the two shortest field goals kicked?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes' longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Who scored earlier, Brandon Jacobs or Calvin Johnson?
What position did Tynes play to score the first points of the game?
Which team had the lead at the end of the third quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many points did they win by?
Who broke a bone?
Which quarterback broke his collarbone?
how many points did the packers lose by?
Who got the longer field goal, Phil Dawson or Adam Vinatieri?
Which quarter had no goals at all?
how many yards did Dawson get?
how many yards did vinatieri kick?
How many yards did Dawson nail in the second?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
In what year did the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League start?
How many months did the regular season last in 2008?
How many total games did the Drummondville Voltigeurs play to win the President's Cup?
How many months did the regular season last?
How many days did the 2008 ADT Canada Russia Challenge series take place?
How many points did the Shawinigan Cataractes lose by?
Which team did better, the Drummondville Voltigeurs or the Shawinigan Cataractes?
How many days did the regular season last?
How many days did the Team QMJHL play against Russian Selects?
Which team lost the President's Cup, Drummondville Voltigeurs or Shawinigan Cataractes?
How many points were the Shawinigan Cataractes defeated by?
How many months passed from the beginning of the regular season to the end of the season?
What date did the regular QMJHL  season complete?
which year and month did the Danzig army got defeated by Zborowski
which year and month did the siege end?
Which event took place first?
How many months did the siege took place?
Which did Winkelbruch have less of - troops or cavalry?
Which happened first, the  battle of Lubiszewo, or the seige of Lubiszewo?
Who had fewer men, Bathory or Danzig?
How many months after the  battle of Lubiszewo did Danzig start a blockade of Polish trade?
How many months did the seige last?
During how many years did this event take place?
How many months passed between then the Danzig army was initially defeated and when they ultimately won?
Who had the largest amount of men, Bathory or Danzig?
How many more men did Bathory have than Danzig?
What event happened first, battle of Lubiszewo or Danzig and Danish fleets started a blockade of Polish
How many months after the Danzig army was utterly defeated by Zborowski did the siege end?
How many months after Danzig and Danish fleets started a blockade of Polish trade did the siege end?
How many more men did Bathony have than Danzig?
Which team did not score in the first quarter?
Which team was trailing by four points at halftime?
How many points did Carolina win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many centuries does Professory Ricklefs knowledge of Java span?
How many years passed between the publishing of the first History of South East Asia and the New History of Southeast Asia?
How many editorial boards does Professor Ricklefs sit on?
How many years was Professor Ricklefs was sectional editor for Southeast Asia
How many editions of the Encyclopaedia of Islam had come out before?
How many locations did his publications focus on?
How many places had his publications have focused on?
To which day does he keep his history of Indonesia updated?
How many events has he dedicated most of his academic career to understanding?
How many years was he sectional editor for Southeast Asia?
How many things does he co-edit?
How many areas in central Java has Ricklefs focused on?
What centuries of Javan history is Professor Ricklefs knowledgeable about?
How many locations are the publications focused on?
Which was published first, the New History of Southeast Asia or History of South East Asia?
How many editorial boards is Ricklefs currently a member of?
How many yards was the longest field goal made in this game?
How many field goals were made in this game?
Which team had two touchdowns at halftime?
How many field goals did Suisham kick?
How many field goals had Suisham scored by halftime?
Which player scored the game winning touchdown?
How many yards was Tynes' longest field goal?
How many total yards were Lawrence Tynes's field goals?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team was ahead in the first quarter?
Who was ahead in the second quarter?
How many points did the Jaguars have at the half?
Who caught two touchdowns?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Jaguars have?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Fitzpatrick have?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Fitzpatrick's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns scored measured 5-yards or less?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the second half?
In the second half how many points were the Chiefs leading by?
How many more points Did the winner of the game have than the loser?
How many more points did the Chiefs score than the Packers in the second half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many passes did Laurent Robinson receive?
How many passes did Larry Fitzgerald receive?
Who was the first to attempt a 1-yard touchdown?
Who scored more points, Jay Feely or Derek Anderson?
How long was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longer touchdown pass?
Which team made more points in the third quarter?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
How many yards was the first goal in which Josh Brown scored?
How many yards did Brown make to cause the Cardinals to trail for the first time?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Who scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Jay Feely?
How many field goals longer than 22 yards did Josh Brown kick?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown kick?
How many touchdown passes did Derek Anderson throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Jay Feely?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored?
Who scored more points through the final three quarters, Browns or Ravens?
How many points did the Ravens score on special teams?
How many touchdowns did Edelman have?
How many combined turnovers did the teams have?
How many points did the Patriots score in the first half of the game?
How many turnovers did the two teams have in total?
How many more games did Brady win than Manning when the two played against each other?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
Which team failed to score at the half?
Which team allowed the least second half score?
How many points behind were the Broncos at final?
How many points took the game into overtime?
Which team lost the game?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many field goals were longer than 30 yards?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who beat the Seahawks the week before?
How many field goals did the Colts score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos score in the first half?
Who scored the only points for Denver in the first half?
Which team scored first?
Which player was the first to score?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the longest field goal of the game?
Which player formally wore the number 11?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown score?
Which team scored a safety?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many touchdowns over 50 yards were scored?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 50 yards?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many total points were scored by Halftime?
How many points did the Texans lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
What kind of borders were there?
How many times was peace renewed between the Habsburgs and Ottomans?
How many years after the initial peace treaty did war officially break out?
How many times was peace declared?
What year was the third time peace was concluded?
How many years did these events span for?
How many months did these events span for?
What was the first official war after peace was concluded in Edirne in 1568 called?
How many different years was peace renewed?
How many years did the "Little War" last?
How many years passed between the first peace in Edirne and the Habsburgs and Ottomans going back to war?
How many times was peace renewed?
How many times was peace concluded?
How many times was peace renewed?
How many times was peace concluded and renewed?
How many countries were involved in the Long Turkish War?
Who did the Broncos lose to prior to this game?
What was the distance of the longest field goal made in the game?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
How many field goals did Nick Novak kick in the game?
How many yards was Nick Novak's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Nick Novak's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked in the game?
How many 32-yard field goals were kicked in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Rivers' touchdown pass over Tebow's one?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Novak kick?
Who booted the longest field goal?
How many field goals shorter than 25 yards did Novak kick?
Which yard line did both Novak and  Prater kick from?
How many yards longer was Novak's longest field goal over Prater's one?
What all field goals did Nick Novak make?
How many yards difference was Nick Novak’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many total yards did Nick Novak kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was Philip Rivers's touchdown run compared to Tim Tebow's touchdown run?
Which players kicked 32 yard field goals?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal during the first half?
How many field goals were greater than 30 yards?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first half compared to the second half?
How many total yards did Novak have?
How many points were the Chargers leading by at halftime?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Novak make?
How many more total field goal yards did Nick Novak make than Matt Prater?
How many yards longer was Nick Novak's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 32-yard field goals were made in the game?
How many more yards was Nick Novak's longest field goal than Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which team did the Broncos lose to prior to playing the Chargers?
How many field goals did Nick Novak make?
What were the distances of the field goals made by Nick Novak?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored in the 3rd quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many touchdown passes were thrown?
How many field goals were made?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Chargers winning by at the end of the first half?
From what yard line did both kickers kick a field goal?
Which player has a passing and rushing touchdown in the fourth quarter?
How was it that the Broncos were able to take a 20-17 lead on their initial possession?
Who threw the longest pass?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many kicks did both kickers miss?
Which team had the most points at halftime?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player missed a 45-yard field goal attempt?
Which other player missed a 45-yard field goal attempt?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent miss in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did McManus make in the second quarter?
How many field goals did McManus miss in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did McManus make in overtime?
How many field goals did McManus make in total?
How many field goals did Nugent make in total?
How many one yard touchdowns were scored?
How many more touchdowns did the Titans score than field goals?
How many yards difference was Vince Young's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many total yards did Reggie Bush run for  touchdown's?
How many touchdown runs were made for the same yardage?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the 2nd quarter?
Who scored more points in the first half, Ravens or Jets?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the 2nd half?
From what yard line did Mike Nugent miss a field goal in the second quarter?
How many more yards was Matt Stover's second field goal over his first?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many receptions did Laertes Coles receive?
Which quarter did not have any points scored?
Which players made a field goal by halftime?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player got the first defensive turnover?
How many injured quarterbacks did not start the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 5 yards long?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards in length?
How many field goals longer than 50 yards were attempted?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
What was the Patriots longest play from scrimmage?
What was the halftime score?
What play finished the game in the 4th quarter?
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many field goals did Rayner make?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which team scored the most in the game?
How many yards combined did Nedney and Gore score in the second quarter?
who are the cards?
who is the 49ers quarterback?
who is the cardinals quarterback?
Who scored the game winning touchdown in overtime?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Tim Rattay throw?
how many yards did gore get?
how many yards did dilfer complete?
How many 19-yard field goals were scored in the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many 2-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which players caught 2-yard touchdown passes?
How many players scored touchdowns from two yards?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Dilfer's longest touchdown pass over his second longest?
How many total yard did Frank Gore have on touchdown runs?
Which players kicked 19-yard field goals?
Which team beat the Bengals in week 11?
Which player got the Cardinals on the board?
Which player got the 49ers their first points?
How many total TD's did both teams score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the last points in regulation time?
Which team came into the game at 5 losses?
Which team recovered the last turnover in overtime?
Which team did not score any points of the third quarter?
Which team scored more points in the game?
What did Jacoby Ford do?
How many field goals did Janikowski hit?
Who was eliminated?
Who fell behind?
How many field goals of over 50 yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning throw?
How many more yards was Janikowski's first field goal over his second?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make than Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Peyton Manning make?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Peyton Manning have than Jason Campbell?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass than Jason Campbell's longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were longer than 40-yards?
How many field goals were longer than 50-yards?
How many touchdown passes were shorter than 10-yards in length?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scored?
How many touchdowns were longer than 20-yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Adam Vinatieri?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski score over Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total yards did Peyton Manning throw for touchdown passes?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which team won the game, Vikings or Lions?
Which team had the first lead of the game?
How many points was Detroit leading by at the half?
Which team scored more in the third quarter?
How many points did the Vikings score in the fourth quarter?
Which team lost the game/
How many times did the Lions turnover the ball?
How many points lead did the Vikings' 20-yard field goal give them?
How many points ahead E.J Henderson's 45 yard touchdown run put the Lions?
How long was the first field goal?
How many yards difference was there between the first and last field goals?
In which quarters did only Detroit score?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many more people were there than households?
How many more households than families living in the country are there?
How many people live per 2 square miles?
How many percents of the population in the US were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of the population in the US were not of Italian decent?
How many percent of the US population are not of Irish decent?
How many percent of the US population are not of German decent?
How many percent of the US population are of English decent?
How many percent of the US population are not of English decent?
How many percent of Americans do not speak english?
How many Americans do not speak Spanish?
How many Americans do not speak German?
How many more people are there than households in the 2010 census?
How many more housing units were there than houses?
How many more people were there than families?
How many more families were there than households?
How many people lived in 3 square miles?
How many more people were there than housing units?
How many more housing units were there than households?
How many more housing units were there than families?
How many percent were not from two or more races?
How many percent were not from Italian people?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not Germans?
How many percent were not English?
How many percent of people gave their ancestral origins as something other than Italian?
Which group had a larger population as of the 2010 census, those who identified as Irish or those who identified as German?
How many percent of people in the 2010 census did not consider themselves of Italian origin?
How many percent of people as of the 2010 census did not speak English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or Germans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or Germans?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or English?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or Germans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or Germans?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or English?
Which group from the census is larger: Irish or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: Irish or English?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent did not speak English?
How many percent were not united states?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many percent did not speak Italian?
How many percent did not speak German?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 16%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Who was injured
Who blew two calls?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many points did the Panthers score in the first half?
Who was winning at half time?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers score?
What was the shortest play
Who led in third quarter
Which team did the Colts play in week 1?
How many field goals were there in the first half??
How many 1 yard touchdown runs were in this game?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Lloyd score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Robbie Gould?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards did John Kasay kick?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which players scored field goals in the third quarter?
Which team scored during the first quarter?
Which kickers second quarter field goal was longer?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which players had touchdown runs that were 1 yard?
How many more people were detained than injured?
How many people came up with the same figure of 419 peasant deaths?
How many total peasants were considered to be either injured or detained?
How many different people have mentioned the total official peasant death figure of 419?
Which two people have mentioned the 419 death total?
How many deaths does the largest estimate state as the highest possible total of deaths?
People from which nationalities are on record as having discussed the total number of peasant deaths?
How many days spanned the beginning and ending of the uprising's death figures where data was available?
How many total people were injured or detained between 28 March and 5 April 1907?
According to data available to the Prime Minister Dimitrie Sturdza, how many people either died, were injured, or were detained?
How many more people were detained compared to those either injured or killed, according to data available to the Prime Minister Dimitrie Sturdza?
Which two people mentioned deaths to be 419?
Which organizations said the death toll to be beyond 10,000?
Which groups said the casualties were in the several thousand?
Who was the Broncos top rusher?
What was Kyle Orton's passer rating?
How many fourth-and-goal's did Denver have in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski  score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Knowshon Moreno score inthe third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Knowshon Moreno score inthe second quarter?
From what distance were two field goals kicked?
Who was the leading rusher for the Broncos?
How many times did Darren McFadden fumble the ball?
Which team scored first?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many more passing yards did Orton have than Russell?
How many months after troops from Emden fought a battle in Leer against the princely troops was there another battle was fought in the streets of Leer?
The city of Emden called on its possession Oldersum how many years before the Prince called in reinforcements from Denmark to help with the bettle?
How many battles were fought in Leer?
How many months after the first battle in Leer did the second battle in Leer break out?
How many years after Emden ordered Oldersum to prepare for war did they actually fight a battle?
How many times did the Prince comdemn the Emden by imperial decree?
How many times did Emden lose a battle against the Prince's army?
How many battles did Emden fight against the Prince's army?
Who ultimately was victorious, the Prince or the city of Emden?
How many years after Oldersum was advised to prepare for war was the first battle in Leer?
How many years after Emden called on Oldersum to prepare for war did they actually fight a battle?
How many months after the first battle in Leer was there a second battle in Leer?
Which happened first, the call for Oldersum to prepare for war, or the battle in Leer?
how many yards did kicker Bironas have?
How many yards did Young ruN?
Who made a 40-yard field goal?
Who made a 21-yard field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Titans make in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Nedney kick in the fourth quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points had the 49s made at the end of the first quarter?
How many points had the Titans made in the first quarter?
Which kicker had the longer field goal in the first half of play?
How many yards were scored on rushing touchdowns in the first two quarters?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdown runs were shorter than 5 yards?
Which player had the shortest touchdown run of the game?
How many yards of difference was there between the first two field goals?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Out of the first two rushing touchdowns, which player's was longer?
How many total rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score?
Who is the quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings?
Which quarter didn't see any field goals?
How many was the most numbers of FGs socred in any quarter?
Who booted the longest field goal?
Who kicked most field goals?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 40 yards?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team beat the Bears in week 2?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the second points of the game?
Which team was leading the game at the half?
How many field goals over 28 yards did Longwell score this game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Kasay kick?
How many total yards of field goals did Longwell kick?
Which happened first, the Sinhalese army appeared around Colombo or conquered Kandy?
How many more people did the Portugese have than the Sinhalese army?
Who did Rajasinha I conquer before Colombo?
Who had the largest population of men, a civilization population of 60000 or the Sinhalese of 50000 men?
Which were there least of, men, pack elephants, oxen or small calibre bronze cannon?
How many animals total did the Sinhalese army have?
Which had more men, the Sinhalese army or the Portuguese captain?
Which were there less of in the Portuguese force, soldiers or civilians?
How many rushing touchdowns did Ahmad Bradshaw have?
Which team lost the game?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many points did the Giants score in the second half?
How many yards did Peterson run in for touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Peterson have in the game?
How many more touchdown passes did the Lions have compared to the Vikings?
Which team won?
Who did the Seahawks lose to before playing the 49ers?
What was Seattle's record after this game?
Which player scored the first points of the second half?
How many scoring play were there in the first half of the game
How many plays ended up scoring in second and third quarters?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney kick in the first half?
Which player threw the final touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which players had rushing touchdowns in the game?
Did Brees throw more touchdown passes or McNabb ?
How many yards did Brees throw in touchdown passes?
How many more yards did Brees throw in touchdown passes compared to McNabb ?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points from field goals were there?
How many field goals did John Carney kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did David Akers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did John Carney kick in the first half?
How many field goals did David Akers kick in the first half?
How many field goals did John Carney kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did John Carney kick in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the second half?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was John Carney's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did John Carney kick?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which field goals did John Carney made?
Which happened first, the Battle of Bucharest or the signing of an armistice by Romania?
How many years did Romania remain allied with the Central Powers before declaring war on them?
Romania was forced to sign an armistice how many years after Romainia launched an attack against Austria-Hungary?
What even happened first, the Central Powers occupied Buchares or Russian withdrawal from the war?
How many territories were promised to Romania?
Where were the territories promised to Romania located?
How many years after Romania allied with the Central Powers did they launch an attack?
How many months after the Romanian attack did they sign an armistice?
How many years after Romania had been allied with the Central Powers did they launch an attack against Austria-Hungary?
How many years after the Romanian Army launched an attack against Austria-Hungary were they forced to sign an armistice with the Central Powers?
How many years after the Battle of Bucharest was it before Romania signed an armistice with the Central Powers?
How many years passed between Romania allying with the Central Powers and their signing of an armistice with them?
When did Russia end their support for Romania?
Which happened first, the Romanian Army launched an attack against Austria-Hungary or the Battle of Bucharest?
How many years passed between the first and second defeats of Mdina?
Melite was originally called what?
What are the 3 different names of the city?
What was the original name of Mdina?
What was the original name of the city of Melite?
How many times were the walls rebuilt?
When was the second time the city of Melite was defeated?
When was the city rebuilt for the second time?
What was the first name the city had, Melite, or Mdina?
How many times was the city defeated?
How many years passed between the two defeats of Mdina?
How many years after Mdina's last defeat was the city added to Malta's tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites since?
How many centuries after the walls were rebuilt by the Byzantine Empire were they rebuilt again by the Arabs?
What was the original name of Mdina?
What was Mdina named after Maleth?
At least how many times were the city walls rebuilt?
Who defeated the city second?
How many years after the city's first defeat was it defeated again?
Who rebuilt the city walls during the medieval period?
How many times did the Titans score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first half?
Which team kicked a longer field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which kicker made the most field goals?
Which players took wickets against Australia at the end of the match?
Which player scored the second most in the match?
how many yards did bironas get?
how many yards yards did addai pass?
how many yards did stover close the first half with?
how many yards did scaife pass?
how many wins did the patriots win in a row?
Which kicker had a field goal of at least 20 yards?
How many touchdowns did the Colts have in the second quarter?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many total field goal yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who scored first in this game?
How many timeouts did the Saints use in the game?
How many yards was the pass that tied the game for the Saints?
Who was the last player to have 3 takeaways in one game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many times was Siemian intercepted?
Which team got on the scoreboard last?
How many points were the Saints behind before their first score?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Josh Freeman throw?
How many points did the Buccaneers score?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Giants win by?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored right before halftime?
What was the shortest touchdown run?
What position is Josh Scobee?
Who caught the final pass from Garrard?
Who caught the first pass from David Garrard?
Who caught two touchdowns for the Jaguars?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes?
How many more yards was Mercedes Lewis first touchdown over his second?
How many days did the battle between the Touch and Menteith hills last?
Which happened first, the meeting of James IV and Colin Campbell at Dumbarten, or the battle between the Touch and Menteith hills near Stirling?
Which happened first, Hepburn being made Captain of the castle, or John Ramsey building a ship for the King?
how many days was the battle between the Touch and Menteith hills near Stirling
how many people was James at Dumbarton with?
When was Evensong
Who did James IV defeat?
How many days did the battle between the Touch and Menteith hills near Stirling last?
How many months after James was at Dumbarton with the Chancellor of Scotland, Colin Campbell, 1st Earl of Argyll was a royal ship chaysit by the English and lost some of her cables?
How many days after James was entertained by a French quhissilar did he play cards with John Murray and Master Robert Cockburn?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many more points did the Colts score compared to the Raiders in the first half?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes in the first half?
Did Andrew Luck have more passing or rushing touchdowns?
How many years had past since the Colts had started a season at home?
Which team received the first turnover?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
Which team scored the most first quarter touchdowns?
How many points did the Colts lead until the Raiders got on the board?
How many points was Indianapolis leading by at the half?
Which team scored during the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes were scored during the first half?
How many touchdowns were due to passing?
How many more touchdowns were due to running than passing?
How many yards were ran in for touchdowns?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest touchdown run?
How many more yards were from passing touchdowns compared to running touchdowns?
How many total yards were gained on touchdown plays?
How many losses in a row did the Cardinals have after this game?
How many field goals of 30-yards or less were converted?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception?
How many rushing touchdowns measure 5-yards or less?
How many more yards was Marion Barber's touchdown run compared to Matt Leinart's?
How many yards total were scored on all passing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on field goals that were exactly the same distance?
How many yards shorter was the shortest field goal compared to the longest?
Which player's initial score was longer, Mike Vanderjagt's first field goal or Tony Romo's first touchdown?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring shorter than 40 yards long?
How many yards were gain on passing touchdowns measuring longer than 20 yards long?
Which position had the shortest rushing touchdown scored?
How many more yards were gained on field goals when compared to passing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on rushing touchdowns that equaled 5 yards or shorter?
Which players scored from 28 yards?
How many field goals were there in the second quarter?
Were there more touchdowns in the third quarter or the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
How many yards shorter was Vanderjagt's first field goal compared with his second?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored on touchdowns of 5 yards or less?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Which type of people are there more of in Bolivia, Quechua people or Aymara?
Which religion is followed by more people in Bolivia, Catholicism or Protestantism?
How many total languages are the official language of Bolivia?
How many more people are Evangelical compared to Protestant in Bolivia, by percent?
What are the two major ethnic groups in Bolivia?
How many languages in all are the official language of Bolivia?
Are there more Quechua people or Aymara people in Bolivia?
How many official languages does Bolivia have?
Which two races make up the wide majority of Bolivian residents?
Which people was Bolivia inhabited by more of, Aymara or Quechua?
Were more people practicing Evangelicalism or Protestantism in Bolivia?
How many more Quechua people are there in Bolivia compared to Aymara, by percent?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not Quechua?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not Aymara?
How many percent of the Bolivian people do not speak Spanish?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not Catholics?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not Evangelicals?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not Protestants?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not literate?
How many percent of the Bolivian GDP is not spent on education?
How many percent of the Bolivian people are not unemployed?
How many percent of the Bolivian people live in rural areas?
Which country was affected by mutinies?
Which event happened first, the defeat at Tsushima or the defeat at Mukden?
How many naval mutinies occured in 1905?
How many days did it take to defeat the Russian Baltic Fleet at Tsushima?
How many naval mutinies in 1905 aboard the battleship Potemkin?
In the Russo-Japanese War, who the had the smallest numbers of deaths, Mukden men or sailors?
How many months after Port Arthur was lost did the Russian Army get defeated at Mukden?
How many months after the Russian army was defeated at Mukden was the Russian Baltic Fleet defeated at Tsushima?
How many ports saw naval mutinies in 1905?
How many months after the mutiny about the battleship Potemkin occur did the mutineers surrender to Romanian authorities?
What day was the Potemkin returned to Imperial Russian authorities?
Which even happened first, the fall of Constantinople or the Battle of Chaldiran?
How many years did the earlier conflict between the Ottomans and the Mamluks last?
How many years did the conflict which led to a stalemate between the Ottomans and the Mamluks last?
Which event happened first, the Fall of Constantinople or the Battle of Chaldiran?
How many countries relationships were adversarial after the Fall of Constantinople?
Which two things did the Ottomans aspired to eventually take control of?
How many years did the early conflict last?
What happened first: the Fall of Constantinople or the Battle of Chaldiran?
What happened second: the Fall of Constantinople or the Battle of Chaldiran?
How many years passed between the Fall of Constantinople and the Battle of Chaldiran?
How many years did the earlier conflict last?
How many countries did the Mamluks rule in?
How many years did the stalemate of the Ottomans and Mamluks last?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score?
What was the score after the first quarter?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the game.
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more touchdowns were scored compared to field goals.
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was Adam Vinatieri first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which player scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player received a penalty?
After this game, how many games had Roethlisberger started?
After this game, how many games had Roethlisberger won?
Which player threw the final score of the game?
How many people have higher yardage totals than Roethlisberger?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many yards was the second longest field goal in the game?
What quarter did the longest field goal kick of the game happen in?
Which team lost to the Steelers last week?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
Which team lost the game?
Which team gave up the ball  in the first half?
How many TD passes were made from under 15 yards?
How many TD passes were made between 15 and 35 yards?
How many yards longer was Vinatieri's first field goal than his second?
Which players caught passes from Ben Roethlisberger from under 15 yards?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at halftime?
How many TD passes were thrown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Vikings lose by?
How many points were the Saints leading by during halftime?
Which player managed to tie the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did The Saints lead by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Tampa win by?
how many yards did tampa bay score in the first?
how many yards did hartley attempt?
How many points did Wrexham lose by in the two consecutive losses?
How many field goals did Bironas kick?
Which player scored last in the game?
how many yards did mariani return?
how many yards did bironas nail?
how many yards did gano get to defeat the titans?
How many points did the Redskins receive in first quarter?
Which team lost the game?
In the second quarter, how many yardage in field goals did Bironas make?
Which player scored first?
Which team returned a punt for a touchdown?
How many field goals were longer than 35 yards?
How many field goals were made during regulation?
Which kicker kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Graham Gano or Rob Bironas?
Who scored the longest TD of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brees throw?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many different players scored a touchdown?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many years after the start of the First Goryeo-Khitan War did King Seongjong die?
Which event happened first, the assassination of Wang Song or the Second Goryeo-Khitan War?
How many years after King Seongjong died did the Third Goryeo-Khitan War begin?
How many adversaries were involved in the Second Goryeo-Khitan War?
How many years were there between the first Goryeo-Khitan War and the second?
How many years after the first Goryeo-Khitan War did the second Goryeo-Khitan War happen?
Which happened earlier, the first Goryeo-Khitan War or the death of King Seongjong?
Who was killed in 1009?
Who died earlier, King Seongjong or Gang Jo?
Did more time pass between the first and second Goryeo-Khitan Wars or between the second and third Goryeo-Khitan Wars?
Which happened later, the death of Gang Jo or the third Goryeo-Khitan War?
How many years after the second Goryeo-Khitan war did the third Goryeo-Khitan war happen?
How many years after the first Goryeo-Khitan  did the second Goryeo-Khitan war happen?
Which event happened first, the second Goryeo-Khitan war or the assassination of Wang Song?
In which battle was Gang Jo killed?
How many Goryeo-Khitan Wars were there?
How many years into the war did Seongjong die?
When was the first Goryeo-Khitan War
When was the last Goryeo-Khitan War?
which battle did Liao win?
How many years seperated the first two Goryeo-Khitan wars?
How many years passed between the first and third Goryeo-Khitan war?
Which happened first, the First Goryeo-Khitan War or King Seongjon dying?
How many years was Wang Song king of Goryeo before he was assassinated?
How many years passed between the first and second Goryeo-Khitan Wars?
How many years after the start of the first Goryeo-Khitan War did King Seongjong die?
How did Wang Song die?
How many years passed between the deaths of King Seongjong and Wang Song?
How many more points did San Antonio score at the first game of the 2006 playoffs against the Mavericks?
Who won the second game of the 2006 playoff game, the Mavericks or San Antonio?
How many points did the Mavericks win by in Game 3 of the 2006 playoffs?
How many points did Dallas win by in Game 4 of the 2006 playoffs?
How many points did San Antonio win by in the 2006 playoffs?
How many series have the San Antonio and Mavericks both won?
Which team was defeated six times during the Conference Finals, the Suns or the Mavericks?
Which team lost the NBA Finals, Heat or the Mavericks?
Which team won game 5, Spurs or Dallas?
How many points did the Mavericks win by in game 7?
How many points did San Antonio win by in the first game at home of the 2006 playoffs?
How many points in total from both teams were scored In the second game of the 2006 playoffs between the Mavericks and San Antonio?
Which player caused Game 7 of the 2006 playoffs to go into overtime?
In the Finals of 2006, which team had defeated the Mavericks?
How many points did San Antonio beat Dallas by in Game1?
How many points were scored in Game 2?
How many more points did Dallas score in Game 4 compared to points scored in Game 3?
Which two Games went into overtime?
How many games was Jason Terry suspended for?
How many total games did this series last?
How many points did the Mavericks win Game 7 by?
How many more total points were scored in game 2 than game 1?
which games went to overtime?
How many points was the most scored by one team in any game?
How many points was the fewest scored by one team in any game?
Who were the last two players to score in regulation in game 7?
How many more playoff series did the Mavericks play after this one?
How many games in a row have the Raiders lost?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which team was behind in the first quarter?
Which team had the last score of the game?
Which team allowed the fewest points?
The treaty said that the Dutch could no longer have control of what?
What did the Dutch get when they gave up the coastal areas?
Who levied lower taxes, the Portuguese or the Dutch?
How many years did it take after the capture of Colombo for the Dutch to control the entire island?
How many years was it from when the Dutch captured Columbo and when they captured the least Portuguese strongholds near Jaffnapatnam?
How many years was it from when the Dutch captured Columbo and when they controlledthe whole island except for Kandy?
How many years was it from when the Dutch captured the last Portuguese strongholds near Jappnapatam and when they controlled the whole island except Kandy?
How many years was it from when the Dutch captured Columbo and when a later definition of the Burgher  peopel of Ceylon was handed down?
How many years was it from when the Dutch captured Portuguese strongholds near Jaffnapatam and when a later definition of the Burgher people of Ceylon was handed down?
How many years was it from when the Dutch controlled the whole island except for Kandy until a later definition of the Burgher people of Ceylonwas handed down?
How many different groups did the Dutch not persecute?
How many years after the capture of Colombo did it take the Dutch to capture the last Portuguese strongholds near Jaffnapatnam?
How many years past from when the the Dutch got rid of the Portuguese to when they controlled the whole island except the land-locked kingdom of Kandy
Who did the Dutch not persecute?
What did the Dutch capture after 1656?
Which did the Dutch capture first, Colombo or Jaffnapatnam?
How many religious groups did the Dutch not persecute?
Who levied the lower taxes, the Dutch or the Portuguese?
Where did Jordan play first, for the North Carolina Tar Heels or for the Bulls?
How many years after the 1982 NCAA Division I Mens Basketball Tournament was Jordan drafted by the NBA?
How many years after being drafted by the NBA did Jordan win his first NBA championship with the Bulls?
How many years in a row did Jordan play in the NBA finals?
How many NBA championship did Jordan help the Bulls win in the 90's?
Which did Jordan play first, Tar Heels or for the Wizards?
Which did Jordan play last, Minor League Baseball or for the Wizards?
How many years after Jordan joined the Bulls did he win his first NBA championship with them?
Which years did Jordan led the Bulls to championship after he returned in 1994-95?
How many years after Jordan returned to the Bulls did he retire for a second time?
Which team did Jordan not play for in 2001 to 2003, the Bulls or the Wizards?
What sport did Jordan play in 1993-94, baseball or basketball?
What year did Jordan first play for the North Carolina Tar Heels?
What year was Jordan's first in the NBA?
In what years did Jordan and his team win the NBA Finals?
How many NBA Finals did Jordan win with the Bulls?
What two teams did Jordan play with during his basketball career?
What two sports did Jordan play professionally?
How many years did it take Jordan to win a NBA championship from the time he joined the Bulls?
How many seasons did Jordan take off to pursue a career in minor league baseball?
What all years did Jordan win an NBA championship?
How many seasons did Jordan take off after a second retirement?
How many points did the colts lead with in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many points were the Colts leading by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored during the second half?
How many field goals attempts were successful in this game?
How many field goal attempts did John Carney convert?
How many 54-yard field goals were made?
How many 54-yard field goals were kicked by the Rams?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was John Carney's shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the most touchdown passes?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many total yards of field goals did John Carney make?
How many more yards of total field goals did Josh Brown make than John Carney?
How many yards longer was John Carney's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 54-yard field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than John Carney's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many 54-yard field goals were kicked in the game?
Which players kicked field goals of 30  yards or greater?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many total yards of field goals did John Carney make?
How many more field goal  yards did Josh Brown make than John Carney?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than John Carney's longest field goal?
How many total touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Eli Manning make?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Eli Manning make than Marc Bulger?
How many yards longer was Eli Manning's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Marc Bulger's longest touchdown pass than Eli Manning's longest touchdown pass?
Which year was the slowest real GDP per capita growth, 1990s or 2000s?
Which President had the third highest real GDP increase during his two terms, Clinton or Obama
How many years was the GDP per capita growing each year at 0.9%?
How many more real GDP per capita grew in the 1980s than the 1970s?
Which year had the lowest percentage for GDP per capita,1960 or 1980?
Which President had the lowest GDP cumulative percent?
How many years was the GDP per capita  at 0.9% between 2010-2017?
How many more percentage in 1980's than the 1970's for the Real GDP??
How many more percentage points did the GDP per capita grow in the 1980s than in the 1970s?
How many percentage points did the GDP per capita growth slow to between the 1980s and the 2000s?
How many countries were ahead of the United States out of 220 countries in GDP capita in 2017?
In which decades was the real GDP per capita over 2%?
Which years was the real GDP per capita less than 1%?
How many points did the Broncos give up?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards shorter was Jason Campbell's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored a rushing and receiving touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Oakland score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many more rushing touchdowns were scored than passing?
How many yards were gained on the first touchdown scored by Chris Johnson and Zach Miller?
Which player scored the second shortest touchdown when the first three touchdowns are measured against eachother?
How many total yards did Darren McFadden accumulate on only his rushign touchdowns?
How many yards long did the mean value of Darren McFadden's rushing touchdowns measure?
How many yards of differential were there between Darren McFadden's rushing touchdown yards and his receiving touchdown yards?
How many wins do the Vikings now have?
How many losses do the Vikings now have?
Who got a record
Who pushed ahead third quarter
How many more field goals did Longwell kick than Gould in the fourth quarter?
How many yards were each touchdown in the second quarter?
How many rushing yards did Peterson have in total for the season after this game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Longwell's longest field goal than his shortest?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
How many TD pass yards did Griese complete?
How many field goal yards did Longwell kick?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown runs of more than 60 yards did Adrian Peterson have?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
What all touchdowns did Brian Griese make?
How many yards difference was Brian Griese’s touchdown pass to Bernard Berrian compared to his touchdown pass to Muhsin Muhammad?
How many yards difference was Brian Griese’s touchdown pass to Bernard Berrian compared to his touchdown pass to Hester?
How many yards difference was Brian Griese’s touchdown pass to Muhsin Muhammad compared to his touchdown pass to Hester?
What all field goals did RyanLongwell make?
What all touchdowns did Devin Hester score?
When did the four warriors attack four sons?
How many people total did the four warriors kill on August 13 and August 14?
Which happened first, Abenakis attacking Fort Dummer or Grey Lock ambushing the six men?
How many citizens were killed by warriors near Northfield?
How many days after August 13th did they attacked Joseph Stevens and his four sons in Rutland, Massachusetts?
What was their base of operations?
How many places did he move on and kill men at?
How many men were attacked counting the indinas and the one who escaped at the Connecticut River?
How many men were captured the Indians killed?
Which happened first, the raiding of Northfield, or the attack on the Stevens family in Rutland?
How many months passed between Gray Lock's raid on Northfield and his attack on forts near Northfield?
which plot became cellamare conspiracy?
Which happened first, First Battle of Milazzo or the invasion of Sicily?
When did Netherlands enter the war against Spain?
Which event happened first, the Austrians defeat or the Battle of Cape Passaro?
What event happened first, the Treaty of London or the Battle of Cape Passaro?
How many months apart was the Battle of Cape Passaro and the First Battle of Milazzo
How many countries entered the war against Spain?
What happened first, Marquis of Lede invaded Sicily or they took Palermo?
How many countries joined the United provinces of the Netherlands?
How many months after the French, British and Austrians officially entered the war against Spain did the Dutch join them?
Over how many months did De Lede besiege Messina in 1718?
How many days after the Quadruple Alliance was formed in the Treaty of London did the Battle of Cape Passaro take place?
How many points were the Raiders trailing by at halftime?
Who caught Carr's shortest touchdown throw?
How many field goals did Janikowski miss?
How many incomplete passes did Carr throw?
How many drives did the Raiders have during overtime?
How many passes did Derek Carr throw?
How many incomplete passes did Derek Carr throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals did Janikowski miss?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who lead the game in passing yards?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski miss from 50 yards or longer?
From what distances did Sebastian Janikowski miss field goals?
how many yards did aquayo score?
how many yards did winston throw?
From what yard line did both kickers score a field goal?
Which kicker scored the most field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals shorter than 32 yards did Ryan Succop score?
How many field goals longer than 32 yards did Ryan Succop score?
How many yards longer was Jamaal Charles' touchdown compared to Justin Fargas'?
How many yards difference was Ryan Succop’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Ryan Succop’s first field goal compared to his last?
Which two players scored 50-yard field goals in the first quarter?
How many field goal yards were kicked in total in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was the second touchdown run of the game than the first?
How many more field goals did Succup kick than Sebastian Janikowski?
How many yards longer was Succop's longest field goal kick than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored more field goals, Ryan Succop or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made?
How many field goals longer than 45 yards were kicked during the first quarter?
How many field goals less than 35 yards were kicked during the game?
What team did not score during the fourth quarter?
Which teams did not score during the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What was Ryan Succop two longest field goals?
From what yard line did both teams score from?
How many more yards was Jamaal Charles touchdown over Justin Fargas touchdown?
Who had the longest field goal in the game?
Who was the Ram's starting Quarterback?
How many Brett Favre throw?
In which quarter did the Rams score their first touchdown?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 30 yards were there?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown play?
How many organizations claim Russia has the largest proven gas reserves?
How many more cubic kilometers does OPEC estimate Russia's gas reserves at than the CIA?
Which country has more gas reserves, Russia or Iran?
How many more cubic kilometers of gas reserves does Iran have compared to the United States?
What are all the countries in 2013 that are major natural gas extractors?
What happened after the first quarter?
What happened at the end of the game?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals were kicked by Rob Bironas?
How many yards was Rob Bironas's shortest field goal?
How many yards was Rob Bironas's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many touchdown runs were from under 10 yards?
How many total yards of touchdown runs were there?
Who scored the only field goal under 25 yards?
How many yards of field goals did Rob Bironas score?
How many yards longer was Bironas' first field goal than his second?
Which kicker kicked field goals of at least 45 yards?
Which team scored a safety?
how many yards did bironas nail?
how many yards did johnson get?
how many yards did tynes nail?
how many yards did bradshaw get?
how many yards did young complete?
how many yards did bironas get in the fourth?
How many years was the average around $650 million per annum?
Which was higher in 2008, revenues or expenditures?
How many million dollars in deficit was there from 1999 to 2007?
How many billions of dollars greater was the revenues in 2008 than the expenditures?
Approximately how many more billion euros was the total debt of Slovenia in September 2010 than it was in 2009?
The debt of Slovenia went beyond whose acceptable limit?
How many percent greater was the expenditure in 2008 in percent of GDP than it was in 2011?
By how many percent did the Slovenian GDP surpass the limit of what the European Union allowed?
How many more billions of dollars in revenue was produced in 2008 than was paid out in expenditures?
How many percentage points difference is there between the minimum and the maximum excess mortality rate?
Approximately how many years did the crisis of the Great Frost last?
Were death rates higher in the north of the country or the south?
Which crisis proportionately was worse the Great Frost or the Great Famine?
How many months did the death rate triple in 1740?
How many years from 1740-1741 did the 13-20% excessive mortality rate last?
How was the famine so unique?
How many years were burial rates 50% higher?
How many years had a 13-20% excess mortality?
How many percent large is the high end estimate of the excess mortality rate than the low end?
How many field goals did Crosby make?
How many yards was the longest TD of the first half?
How many passing yards did Favre have?
How many TD passes did Favre throw?
How many yards did Brett Favre get?
How many interceptions did Atari Bigby get?
How many yards did Crosby complete in field goals?
How many tackles did Bigby get?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest pass in the third quarter?
Who caught the longest pass in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were there in total?
Whose heads were brought along with Brian's body?
How many sons did Brian have?
Where was the body first, Swords or Armagh?
Who traveled to Rome in 1028?
How many dollars did the monthly pension drop between 2001 and 2004?
How many years from 2001-2004 was the monthly pension$15-$20?
What is a threat to wages and pensions?
How many years did it take for pensions to increase by a factor of almost 5?
During what period did the average monthly pension actually decrease prior to rising?
What happened first: creation of the Latvian Provisional Government or capture of Riga?
What happened second: creation of the Latvian Provisional Government or capture of Riga?
How many days after proclaiming independence was the Republic of Latvia invaded by Soviet Russia?
How many days were there between the Red Army's capture of Riga and the official proclamation of the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic?
How many days after Latvia proclaimed the Independence of the Republic of Latvia did the newly proclaimed republic get invaded by Soviet Russia?
How many days after the Soviet Russia invaded the newly proclaimed republic did the Soviets take Alūksne?
How many days after Alūksne was taken, did Valka also get taken?
How many northern Latvian cities did Soviet Russia take in December?
How many months after Latvia declared independence was the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic declared?
How many days after the People's Council of Latvia proclaimed the Independence of the Republic of Latvia was the newly proclaimed republic invaded by Soviet Russia?
Which town in north Alūksne was taken first, Valka or Cēsis?
How many days after Riga was captured by the Red Army was the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic officially proclaimed?
How many days after Daugavpils was taken did they take Pļaviņas?
Who won the game 49ers or Seahawks?
How many points were earned by the Sea hawks in the second quarter?
Which team lost the game?
How many games did the Seahawks win before this one?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck throw?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were in the first quarter?
How many wins did the Seahwaks have after the game?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
how many years did the Qing rule last?
Who expelled the Dzungars?
What happened first: Güshi Khan overthrew the prince of Tsang or Battle of the Salween River?
What happened second: Güshi Khan overthrew the prince of Tsang or Battle of the Salween River?
How many years after the Khoshut Khanate over thew the prince of Tsang was the last ruler of the Khanate killed?
How many years did the Qing dynast last?
How many years after the Dzungars were expelled from Tibet in 1720 did the Qing rule Tibet for?
How many years after Tsewang Rabtan invaded Tibet did the Dzungars get expelled from Tibet?
How many years after the creation of the Ganden Phodrang regime did Tsewang Rabtan invade Tibet?
How many years after Tsewang Rabtan invaded Tibet did the Battle of the Salween River take place?
How many years after Tsewang Rabtan invaded Tibet did the governor of Western Tibet, expel the Dzungars from Tibet?
How many years did the Qing rule of Tibet last?
How many yards were the total of all the touchdown run ins?
How many of all the touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the entire game?
How scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Joseph Addai score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many times did the Panthers score in the second half?
Which quarter did both teams score?
How many touchdown runs were there?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team beat the Cardinals in week 7?
Which team failed to score any points in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown points did Freeman throw?
Which team lost this game?
How many turnovers did the Saints have?
Which team turned the ball over in the fourth quarter?
Which QB threw less interceptions?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
How many total points were scored by both teams?
How many more interceptions did Brees throw than Freeman had touchdowns?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Were there more TD runs or TD passes?
How many total yards of TD runs were there?
How many more yards of touchdown runs were there compared to passing?
How many field goals were kicked  in the game?
What player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Patriots score in all?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did the Patritots score?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
how many yards did keller kick?
how many yards did hanson punt?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many more field goals were made than touchdowns?
What scoring play came first, a touchdown or field goal?
Which team got the ball first in the second half?
How many losses did the Patriots have before the game started?
How many wins did the Patriots have after the game?
Who scored first in the second half?
Who did the Chargers beat the week before?
Who, other than Adrian Peterson and LaDainian Tomlinson, scored a rushing touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Taylor score?
How many touchdowns did Peterson score?
How many passes did Rice receive?
How many touchdowns runs did Peterson make during the game?
Who lost the game between San Diego and Minnesota?
How many points did Nate Kaeding kick in the third quarter?
How many times did Adrian Peterson run the ball?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the second half?
How many career rushing touchdowns did Jim Brown have?
How long were each of Adrian Peterson's touchdown runs?
How many yards did Adrian Peterson have on touchdown runs?
From what distance did both teams score a touchdown?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which players had 1-yard rushing touchdowns?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
How many yards were each of Adrian Peterson's touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Adrian Peterson have on touchdown runs?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 100 yards were made?
Which team came out victorious?
How many field goals did Lindell make in the fourth quarter?
Which team was penalized for unsportsmanlike conduct?
Which team kicked the game winning field goal?
How many games would the bills have lost in a row if they lost this game?
Who were the players wearing a #21 sticker for?
Which player put up the first points of the game?
Which team allowed the least points in this game?
How many wins did the Bills have coming into this game?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second half?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
How many wins did Buffalo come into this game at?
Which team scored the most points in the whole game?
How many points did Buffalo get on the board with?
How many wins did the Bills have before this game?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
How did the Bills finally get on the board?
How many games in a row was this win for the Bills?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Which kicker made more field goals longer than 30-yards?
How many field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
How many more is the 353.9 billion than then 195.3 billion?
How many less is the 195.3 billion than the 353.9 billion?
How many more is the 33,500 GDP than the 18,487 GDP?
How many less is the 18,487 GDP than the 33,500 GDP?
How many more is the 4.2% unemployment rate compared to the 3.5% industrial production growth rate?
How many less is the 3.5% industrial production growth rate compared to the 4.2% unemployment rate?
How many persons were unemployed?
How many dollars is the GDP per capita?
How many dollars is the GDP?
How many persons are in the labour force?
How many points higher is unemployment than the industrial production growth rate?
Which sector had the highest earnings in the country, agriculure or services?
Which sector had the highest earnings in the country, agriculture or industry?
The English were defeated at the Battle of Castillon how many years after Charles VII's successful Normandy campaign?
Gascony's capital was surrendered how many years after Charles VII's successful Normandy campaign?
What happened first, Charles VII's successful Normandy campaign or john Talbot retaking Gascony?
What happened first: Charles VII's successful Normandy campaign or defeat of English at the Battle of Castillon?
What happened second: Charles VII's successful Normandy campaign or the defeat of English at the Battle of Castillon?
How many years passed between the besieging of Bordeaux and the Battle of Castillon?
How many years passed between the siege of Bordeaux and the retaking of Bordeaux by John Talbot?
Which happened first, the siege of Bordeaux or the Battle of Castillon?
How many years did it take for John Talbot to retake Bordeaux after it was surrendered to the French?
Castillon is where who died?
How many years after Bordeaux, Gascony's capital, was besieged and surrendered to the French did John Talbot and his army retake the city?
How many points did Miami score during the second half of the game?
How many points did the Patriots get in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots score in the last half?
How many points did the Patriots score in the first half if they scored 24 unanswered points in the second half to win with 27?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win the game by?
How many rushing touchdowns did the teams combine for?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
What was the largest touchdown run?
How many points did LenDale and Justin Gage score for the titans?
How many points did Chris Perry and Rob Bironas Score for the bengals?
Which team beat the Bengals week 1?
Which player scored the last TD of the game?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
Where there more total households or housing units?
How many more households were there than families?
How many people of a certain race populated the county the most, in percentage?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many percent of people were not white?
Which had more people, housholds or families?
How many more households were there than families as of the census of 2000?
How many more housing units were there than households?
Which groups are at least 100000 in size?
Which groups are between 60000 and 90000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which groups are at least 100000 in size?
Which groups are between 60000 and 90000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which team was the home team?
Which team was leading at halftime?
Who is the Saints' kicker?
Who was intercepted in the fourth quarter?
Which player got the first points?
How many field goals the Lions score in the first half?
Which team score the fewest points?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Saints in the first half?
Which players caught touchdowns passes of more than 1-yard and less than 40 yards?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How long were each of Drew Brees's touchdown passes?
How many field goals did Sabastian Janikowski kick?
How many points ahead were the Raiders at the end of the half?
Who scored the 23-yard field goal for the Browns?
how many yards did janikowski kick?
how many field goal yards did janikowski kick?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored more points in the first half, Raiders or Browns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards difference was Sebastian Janikowski’s third field goal compared to his last?
How many yards difference was Sebastian Janikowski’s first field goal compared to Phil Dawson’s first field goal?
How many total yards did Sebastian Janikowski’s kick for field goals?
Which players scored from one yard out?
How many touchdowns longer than 10 yards were scored?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Which players scored a field goal from 23 yards out?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
How many points difference between teams?
Which player scored first in the game?
Which player scored last in the game?
How many TD passes did McNabb throw in the game?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw?
Which team was losing in the first quarter?
How many field goals Akers score in the first quarter?
How many field goals over 28 yards did Gould kick in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many wins did the Eagles have to start this game?
Which team allowed the most points?
Which kicker kicked fewer field goals in the first half?
How many more field goals did Robbie Gould kick in the first half compared to David Akers?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal of the first half compared to David Aker's only field goal of the first half?
How many field goals shorter than 29 yards were kicked in the first half by both kickers combined?
How many field goals longer than 29 yards were kicked in the first half by both kickers combined?
How many points were the Eagles winning by at halftime?
Did Robbie Gould kick more field goals in the first half  or the second half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was Donovan McNabb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Did the Eagles score more touchdowns in the first half or the second half?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's only touchdown pass compared to Donovan McNabb's first touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in total?
How many years was it between when the Danish claimed St. John to when planters had developed 109 plantations?
How many years was it between when the Danish claimed St. John to when slaveowners owned more than 1000 African slaves?
How many years was it between when the Danish claimed St. John to when the population of African slaves on St. John was more than five times larger than that of the Euopean inhabitants?
How many additional slaves were acquired by the turn of the century?
IN 1733 how many more slaves were there than whites?
What allowed overseer cruelty to flourish?
How many more slaves were there than whites on St. John in 1733?
Who were the first Europeans to arrive in St. John?
How many more slaves were there from the mid-1733 to the end of the century?
How many more slaves were there compared to whites on St. John?
How many years after the Danish claimed the island of St. John did it take for 109 plantations to be developed?
How many more slaves were there in St. John by the end of the century than in mid 1733?
How many more slaves than whites were there on St. John in 1733?
How many was the minimum amount of plantations and slaves on St. John in mid-1733?
Approximately how many plantations in 1733 were devoted to sugar?
In 1733 how many more slaves were there than white people?
How many more slaves were on St. John by the end of the century then were there in 1733?
Who had developed 109 plantations?
What amount of time of peace was granted with the suppression of the revolt?
How many years from the start of the people's uprising until Miaos rebelled again in 1795?
How many years passed between the uprisal of the local people and until Mianos rebelled again?
How many months did the campaign last?
How many years after the first rebellion did the Miaos rebel again?
People rose to fight because of the misrule and extortion how many years before Miaos rebelled again?
Who killed their wives and children?
How did Zhang enhance the economy?
What was another thing Zhang did to enhance the economy?
How did Zhang enhance imperial control?
Who were the local people?
Why did the Miaos rebel?
When was Zhang Guangsi appointed?
How many months did the campaign last?
How many months long was the campaign at Niupidajing?
How many years was it between the rebellion first beginning and the Miaos rebelled again?
How many years after the initial campaign passed before Miaos formed a new rebellion?
Which underlying reasons remained unchanged and sparked another rebellion in 1795?
Which leader opted not to form an agreement with the rebels?
What steps did Zhang take to improve the economy?
How many years did the Thessalonikis GDP saw an average growth rate of 4.1% per annum/
How many years did Thessalonikis see a GDP average growth rate of 4.1% per annum?
How many percent of the total economy of Greece is not accounted for by Thessaloniki?
Between 1995 and 1996, what was the GDP growth rate of Thessalonikis?
How many touchdown passed did Brees throw?
How many points did the Saints score in the second quarter?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards were there between the touchdown passes Brees threw to Colston?
Who got the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20-yards were compelted?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first two quarters compared to the shortest in the first two quarters?
How many yards in touchdowns were there in the first two quarters?
Who scored the second longest touchdown in the first two quarters?
Who scored multiple touchdowns in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was Marques Colston's first touchdown compared to his second?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Marques Colston's touchdowns on average?
How many touchdowns were over 5 yards long?
Were there more yards of field goals or touchdowns?
How many more yards in touchdown passes did Drew Brees have compared to Alex Smith?
How many touchdown passes did Brees score in the first half?
How long was the work week of air traffic controllers organization union members that they were not happy with?
What was the average first-year raise of union workers before the Reagan administration?
In workers in the manufacturing field, what was the average first-year raise before the Reagan administration?
During the Reagan administration, what was the average first year raises for manufacturing workers?
How many union leaders had become president?
How many Air Traffic Controllers refused to return to work?
How many years after Reagan's election did the strike occur?
How many years after Reagan's election was the PATCO strike?
How many of the PATCO strikers returned to work?
What enabled the Transportation department to fire the strikers if they did not return to work within 48 hours?
How many members of the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization union did not come back to work?
Which event happened first, the tragic PATCO strike or the Unions decline in power?
What happened first: PATCO strike or PATCO vanished?
What happened second: PATCO strike or PATCO vanished?
How many points did Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many more yards was Rice's touchdown run over Benson's one?
In which quarters Bengals didn't score anything?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first quarter than the second?
How many rushing attempts did Cedric Benson have?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many more yards was Ray Rice's touchdown run than Cedric Benson's?
How many more yards did Benson have than carries?
What players scored touchdown runs in the game?
How many more yards was Ray Rice touchdown over Cedric Benson?
How many yards difference was there between Ray Rice's and Cedric Benson's touchdowns?
How many yards difference was there between Andre Caldwell's and Cedric Benson's touchdowns?
How many yards difference was there between Shayne Graham's field goal and Cedric Benson's touchdown?
How many yards difference was there between Shayne Graham's field goal and Andre Caldwell's touchdown?
How many yards difference was there between Shayne Graham's field goal and Ray Rice's touchdown?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Cincinnati score in the first quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored?
Of the 450,000 soldiers who crossed the Neman River in 1812, about how many died?
Over how many years of time in Russia were there about 24 million infections and 3 million deaths from epidemic typhus?
How many years did the Thirty Years War last?
How many months after De Bitter was made Vice-Commandeur did he go to Goa?
Where did De Bitter go first, Malabar or Batavia?
Did De Bitter go to Goa first, or to Malabar?
How many months passed between the capture of Manaar and the fall of Jaffnapatnam?
How many days after the fall of Jaffnapatnam did De Bitter depart for Goa?
What was the name of the second vessel/ship that De Bitter captured?
What was the name of the first vessel/ship that De Bitter captured?
What product was on the first ship that De Bitter captured?
From which ship did De Bitter confiscate spices in 1657?
Name three ships commanded by De Bitter.
Where was Colombo?
When did De Bitter first serve under Roothaas?
What ships did De Bitter sail under Roothaas?
In what years did De Bitter help blockade Goa?
How many years passed between De Bitter's first blockade as Vice-Commander and his last?
What ships did De Bitter capture with his blockades?
Where was De Bitter travelling when he was blown off course?
Which ship did De Bitter capture first, the Santa Cruz or the Constantinople Merchant?
What ship was De Bitter sailing when he embezzled cargo from the Santa Cruz?
Where did De Bitter serve first, Malabar or Goa?
Which ship did De Bitter command first, the Terschelling or the Salamander?
What ship did De Bitter capture?
Where did De Bitter end up when he intended to head for Ceylon?
Which player got the first TD of the game?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest defensive TD?
How many 38 yard field goals did Cundiff make?
How many yards was Gould's field goal when the bears took a 10-3 lead?
How many points did the bears have when Cutler hit Spaeth?
How many times has Brandon Marshall had over a 1000 yards during his career?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most points, Bears or Vikings?
How many games have Chicago won this season?
How many players were injured for Chicago?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the game?
How many passes did Cutler complete in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many of Jay Cutler's passes were incomplete?
How many more yards was Gould’s fist field goal compared to his last field goal?
How many total yards did Michael Bush run for touchdowns?
Which player scored the most field goals?
How many yards difference is there between Cutler's game end passing yards and the number of yards he had at the end of the first half?
How many more passing yards did Cutler have in the first half than Marshall have receiving yards the whole game?
Which team recovered the ball on the Bears their first possession?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many wins did the Bears have coming into this game?
If the Bears would have lost this game, How many losses in a row would it have been?
Which team couldn't score a TD in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Chicago lead by at halftime?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Who caught the most touchdowns for Green Bay?
How many times did Morgan Burnett intercept Jay Cutler?
How many times was Cutler sacked?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
Which QB threw a 32-yard touchdown pass?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many total points were scored?
how many yards did benjamin punt?
how many points did the browns win in december?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter??
How many points did the Broncos win by?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored first?
How many quarters did Hill play?
How many points did Westbrook score?
How many times did the Rams convert on 3rd down?
How many scores ahead were the Eagles at the end of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did McNabb throw for?
How many 3rd down conversions were made by the Rams?
Which team had the shorter touchdown pass in the second quarter?
How many passes from Wentz were incomplete?
How many points did the Eagle's win by?
How many passes did Wentz throw?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many incomplete passes did Wentz throw?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the San Francisco 49ers score in the game?
How many touchdowns did Seattle score in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
Which team did the 49ers lose to on the road?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more yards of field goals did Josh Brown make than Joe Nedney?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's longest field goal than Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck have?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more field goals did Brown kick compared with Nedney?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many more total field goal yards did Josh Brown have than Joe Nedney?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's only field goal than Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's only field goal than Josh Brown's shortest field goal?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Matt Hasselbeck throw for?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many field goals were scored?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
How many players were ejected in this game?
Who caught the shorter touchdown pass, Dreessen or Johnson?
How many total yards were Racker's field goals?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Rackers make?
How many players were ejected in this game?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub throw?
How many yards was Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Neil Rackers' longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub throw?
How many more losses than wins did the Titans have after this game?
How many years apart was the armistice renewed?
Which came first, the Truce of Jam Zapolski or the Truce of Plussa?
How many years was the Russo-Swedish truce extended?
How many years were between the Truce of Jam Zapolski and the Truce of Plussa?
How many years did the armistice and the Russo-Swedish truce overlap?
How many times was the armistice renewed?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish truce last?
What happened first, the Truce of Plussa or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
What happened first: Truce of Jam Zapolski or extension of Russo-Swedish truce?
What happened second: Truce of Jam Zapolski or extension of Russo-Swedish truce?
How many countries were involved in the 1582 Truce of Jam Zapolski?
How many years did the Truce of Jam Zapolski last, overall?
When did the Truce of Plussa overlap with the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
How many years did the Truce of Plussa last?
When did the Truce of Plussa end?
When was the armistice renewed for the second time?
How many more years was the Truce of Jam Zapolski supposed to last than the Truce of Plussa?
Which team attempted the first FG?
How many Field Goals were in the first quarter?
How many Field Goals did the Steelers score all game?
Which team scored the first few points?
How many yards did Wentz throw to Matthews?
How many points did the Eagles win?
Who made the first field goal?
Which team did not score during the first quarter?
How many points were the Eagles leading by at the half?
How many field goals were successful during the first half?
Which team did not score during the second half?
How many total were scored during the game?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many people, households, and families are in the city according to the census?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: households or families?
Were there more families or households in the city?
How many more housing units were there compared to housholds?
Where there more Native Americans or African Americans in the city?
Were there fewer Asian or White people in the city?
How many more percent of the people were Aisan compared to African American?
According to the 2010 census, were there more families or more households residing in the city?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white and living in the city as of in 2010?
How many percent of people were not African American and living in the city as of in 2010?
How many percent of people were not Native American and living in the city as of in 2010?
How many percent of people were not Asian and living in the city as of in 2010?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races and living in the city as of in 2010?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino and living in the city as of in 2010?
Which racial group made up the second largest percentage of the population?
Were there fewer African American or Asian people in this population?
Did this population have more households or families residing in the city?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or Native American?
Which group is larger for the city according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the city according to the census: households or families?
How many more housing units were there compared to households?
What was the second largest racial group?
What was the third largest racial group?
How many percent of the population were African American, Native American or Asian?
How many percent more people were of the second largest racial group compared to the third largest?
How many percent of the population was not white?
Which racial groups are smaller than 1.3%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many times did the Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many total points were scored?
Who scored more field goals in the first half?
How many points did the Browns lose the game by?
What body part did Campbell injure?
How did Jason Campbell injure his knee?
How many touchdowns did Lloyd have?
Who are the quarterbacks that threw completions.
How many points in total was scored in the game?
Who took the first lead of the game?
Who scored on the first possession?
How many games did Venus Williams win in her match with Petrova?
Which players did Petrova defeat in the 2010 French Open?
How many games did Petrova win in her match against Rezai?
Which team scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Who had the longest reception?
With the win, how many more games had the Chiefs lost than won?
Which team didn't win the coin toss in overtime?
How many points ahead were the Steelers before halftime?
What injury caused Charlie Batch to replace Roethlisberger ?
How many sets did Petrova win against Demetieva?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
Which team missed a PAT?
How many touchdowns were scored on passes?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortlest touchdown pass?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards were each of Palmer's touchdown passes?
How many yards total were the first and last touchdowns of the game?
Which player made a touchdown first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player made the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass of the game to the second longest?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players had touchdowns from three yards out?
How many touchdowns were 10 yards or longer?
Which players scored touchdowns from 10 yards out?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest?
What were the Willemoes-class missile torpedo boats capable of firing?
How many more GRT more did Willemoes-class missile torpedo boats weigh than the small but fast combat craft?
How many kilograms did each complement of mines weight in total?
Who fires the Harpoon missiles?
How many Danish naval bases were created with NATO funds in the 1950s?
How many naval bases and fortresses were created through NATO funds in the 1950's in total?
How many years into the 90's did Tool perform their first festival?
How many different bands and singers has Tool covered?
How many times did Tool perform at Lollapalooza?
How many headline acts in world tours and major music festivals did Tool perfom in 2009?
What three world tours and music festivals did Tool perform as a headline act in 2009?
What band did Tom Morello and Zack de la Rocha join onstage during their 1991 tour?
Where did Tool perform first, Bonnaroo or Coachella?
Where did Tool perform first, Roskilde Festival or Big Day Out?
Where did Tool perform first, Voodoo Experience or Lollapalooza?
How many bands have they covered that are listed?
Who performed with Tool first, Mike Patton or Zack de la Rocha?
Where did Tool perform first, Voodoo Experience or Coachella?
How many bands has Tool covered songs by?
Who performed with Tool during their 2001-02 Lateralus tour, Robert Fripp or Tom Morello?
How many years was the time span from the first time to the second time where Tool performed at Lollapalooza?
Which festivals did Tool perform at in the 1990s?
Which two festivals did Tool perform at in 2007?
Which two festivals did Tool perform at in 2006?
Which festivals did Tool perform in twice?
How many festivals did Tool perform at in 2006?
When did Tool perform at three festivals in a single year?
How many festivals did Tool perform at before the year 2000?
How many years after first performing at Voodoo Experience did Tool perform there again?
How many years apart were the two festival performances at Big Day Out?
Which festivals did Tool take more than 6 years to return to?
How many years after first performing at Lollapalooza did Tool then first perform at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival?
How many years apart was the second performance of Tool's at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival than the performance at Bonnaroo?
Which occurred first, the performance at Epicenter or Download Festival?
Which team scored first in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter kick?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Dolphins get?
Who threw a 53-yard touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was Jeff Reed's longest field goal?
Which team had more field goals during the first half?
Which quarter did each team only score a field goal?
How many yards was Henne's longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick?
Which quarter had more points, the first or the second?
Which team kicked more field goals?
How many yards was Carpernters field goal?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Jeff Reed ?
How many yards shorter was Dan Carpenter's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards did Dan Carpenter kick in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass of the first half than his first?
How many yards longer was the touchdown pass that Roethlisberger threw in the second quarter than the pass that Henne threw in the second quarter?
Who had the longer field goal in the third quarter, Reed or Carpenter?
How many yards shorter was Reed's field goal than Carpenter's in the fourth quarter?
How many years has Thomas Hoye Jr. held the position of mayor of Taunton?
How many years ago did the city of Taunton first start providing a large annual light display each December?
How many different names is Taunton also know by?
How many years did these events span for?
How many years after Passage Taunton was founded was the 2010 census?
How many years after  Taunton was founded was it known as the Christmas City?
Thomas Hoye Jr was elected mayor how many years after Taunton was founded?
How many surrounding towns used to be included in Taunton's boundaries?
How many years passed between the founding of Taunton and the census of 2010?
How many named companies produced fine-quality silver goods in the city?
How many years after the city was founded did it begin to provide a large annual light display each December on Taunton green?
How many towns surround Taunton that where included in the original boundries?
How many years after the town wa founded by members of the Plymouth Colony did Thomas Hoye Jr. become mayor?
How many different names did the Native Americans call the region before the arrival of the Europeans?
Which nicknames does Taunton have?
How many years after Taunton was founded by the members of the Plymouth Colony did Thomas Hoye Jr become mayor?
How many years after the City of Taunton was founded did they start providing a large annual light display each December?
Who completed the longest TD run in the game?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
Who kicked longest field goal?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown score over the second longest?
Who caught a 19-yard reception?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were scored?
Which quarterback threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards less was the shortest touchdown pass compared to the longest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which kicker had more total yards, Suisham or Gramatica?
How many touchdowns were greater than 10 yards?
How many yards did Suisham lead with?
how many yards did Brees complete to pass to Meachem?
How many yards more was Suisham's second field goal than his first?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals were from over 25 yards?
How many yards long was the shortest TD run?
Which player had two second half touchdowns?
How many yards shorter was Clinton Portis's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins boot?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers kick?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Which team kicked a longer field goal in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored during the fourth quarter?
Which players made field goals longer than 40-yards?
What all field goals did Jeff Wilkins make?
What all field goals did Neil Rackers make?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Frerotte throw?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many field goals were there between 30 and 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Wilkins first field goal than his last field goal?
How many total yards did Wilkins have?
Who had fewer total yards, Wilkins or Rackers?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 50 were scored?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than the second?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first two quarters?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' field goal compared to Matt Bryant's?
How many yards shorter was Earnest Graham's touchdown compared to Edgerrin James'?
How many yards were each of the field goals in the game?
How many yards was the difference between the two field goals in the game?
How many total yards were all the touchdowns in the game combined?
How many years did the War of the Julich Succession last?
What ended the War of the Julich Succession?
How many months did the War of the Jülich Succession, resume and end?
In which year did the War of the Jülich Succession start, 1609, 1610, 1614?
How many years after the war in 1610 did the war resume?
How many months did the War of the Jülich Succession last in 1614?
Which religion did the representatives of the Brandenburg and Neuburg later convert to, Calvinism or Catholicism?
Which country did the Treaty of Xanten favor, Spain or the Netherlands?
How many total months was the War of the Jülich Succession?
How many months was the second round of the War of the Jülich Succession?
How many years were between the first and second round of the War of the Jülich Succession?
For how many months in all did the War of the Jülich Succession last during 1614?
How many months did the War of the Jülich Succession last between 1609 and 1610?
Which team scored first?
Who had the longest rushing TD?
How many points did the Raiders have at half?
Which team scored more points in the third quarter?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored a safety?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did the Raiders have than the Dolphins?
Who played in the fourth quarter for the 49ers?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers score in the first half?
What was Shaun Hill's longest pass?
How many touchdown passes did Shaun Hill throw?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many games did the 49ers lose in a row?
How many yards did Gore run?
how many yards did Brown get?
How many yards did Hill pass to Davis?
How many yards did Gore get on his TD run?
How many yards did St. Louis get in the third?
How many yards did Hill pass for a career-high?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than in the first?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How long were each of the field goals in the third quarter?
Which players scored 2-yard touchdowns?
How many wins did the 49ers have at the start of this game?
How many games in a row would this game have been a loss for the 49ers if they did not win?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many poins did the Raiders lead by at halftime?
In which quarter did the Lions score three touchdowns?
What was the halftime score?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Matthew Stafford or Carson Palmer?
Who caught the second touchdown pass of the game?
What was the outcome of the second 2-point conversion attempt?
How many touchdowns did Seattle score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many points were the Browns losing by at halftime?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did Phil Dawson kick?
How many field goals shorter than 20 yards did Phil Dawson kick?
How many touchdowns did Jamal Lewis score?
Who had the longest touchdown?
Which players scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many first quarter points did the Browns have?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many quarters passed before the Browns scored?
How many wins in a row did the Browns have coming into this game?
Which team scored the first points in overtime?
Which player had the shortest TD pass for the Seahawks?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring 5-yards or less in distance?
How many yards were scored in total on special teams touchdowns?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw?
How many yards was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Tom Brady's shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many wins did this game give the Buccaneers for the season?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households weren't a marriage living together?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households had a male householder with a wife present?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households were families?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent out of 2,380 households didn't have someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Which households had a higher percentage, those with a female household with no present husband or those with a male householder and no wife present?
How many more female householders with no husbands present were there, by percent, compared to a male householder with no wife present?
How many more people were in the average family than the average household?
What percentage of household made up of individuals were the people over the age of 64?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was least common?
which household was most common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
Were there fewer non-families or married couples?
Were there more female householders, or male householders?
Were there more children under the age of 18, or people over the age of 65?
Which was larger, the average household size, or the average family size?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
which household was least common?
Which groups in average are under 5 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which groups in average were under 3?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which groups in average were under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
From July 7 to July 13 how many terriotories did the Lituanian Army take?
How many territories listed in the passage did the Lithuanians secure in the month of July all together?
How many territories that were listed where seized in August?
What happened to the Bolsheviks on July 7, 1920?
How many cities did the Lithuanians take on July 19?
Who went to Lomza?
Who entered Vilnius first?
How many territories did Lithuania take on July 19th?
How many territories did Lithuania take on August 8th?
Which location did the Lithuanian Army take earlier, Turmantas or Tauragnai?
Which location did the Lithuanian Army take earlier, Turmantas or Širvintos?
On what date did the Lithuanian Army take the most locations?
Which location did the Lithuanian Army take earlier, Alanta or Giedraičiai?
Which territories did the Lithuanian Army take first in the Suwałki Region, Vištytis or Augustów?
How many days after the Lithuanian Army took Turmantas did they take Tauragnai and Alanta?
How many days after Druskininkai was taken did they take Augustów?
How many regions were taken between July 17 and August 8?
Which quarterback was intercepted first?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored more points, Patriots or Browns?
How many combined points were scored in the game?
Who did the seahawks loose too in the previous game?
Who was winning early in the second quarter?
Who failed the two point conversion
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total combined yards were Brett Favre's touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw for less than 20 but more than 5 yards?
How many touchdown passes were for longer than 20 yards?
How many yards in all were Favre's touchdown passes in the second quarter?
Which WR received the longest touchdown pass from Favre?
Who completed the longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the second longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the third longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the fifth longest touchdown pass?
How many TD passes did Favre complete in total?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Brett Favre's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Brett Favre make?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Brett Favre make than Tarvaris Jackson?
How many yards longer was Percy Harvin's first touchdown when compared to Visanthe Shiancoe's?
Which wide receiver caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Brett Favre or Tarvaris Jackson?
How many different receivers did Favre throw a touchdown to?
Which players caught touchdown passes longer than 20 yards?
Who had receiving touchdowns in the second quarter?
What two Vikings threw touchdowns?
How many passing touchdowns did the Vikings have?
In what quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
About how many years passed between when the Shoe Bomber tried to bomb American Airlines Flight 63 and when he pleaded guilty?
Which event happened first, he boarded American Airlines Flight 63 or Reid pleaded guilty in U.S. federal court?
What prison is Reid being held in?
Did American Airlines Flight 63 land before or after they subdued Richard Colvin Reid?
How many of the touchdowns were due to passing?
How many touchdowns were due to running the ball?
How many more passing yards than running yards were there resulting in touchdowns?
Who caught the second longest TD pass of the game?
Which defensive player for Baltimore scored a TD?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many points in total were scored?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes over 16 yards did Andy Dalton throw?
Which quarterback had no rushing touchdowns?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which quarter had the most points scored?
Which team had a defensive touchdown?
Who caught Favre's 400th career touchdown?
In which quarter did both teams score 2 touchdowns?
Who's first touchdown pass was longer, Kitnas or Favres?
How many points were scored during the first quarter?
How many points were the Packers leading by at halftime?
Which team scored last?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did Green Bay score in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which receiver caught the longest touchdown of the first quarter?
How many yards were accumulated across touchdowns scored in the first quarter?
How many yards long did the mean value measure for touchdowns scored int he first quarter?
How many yards of differential were there between the longest and shortest touchdown of the first quarter?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many more scoring plays were there in the first quarter relative to the second quarter?
Which player scored the shortest rushing touchdown of the third quarter?
How many yards of differential were there between passing touchdowns and rushing touchdowns during this game?
How many field goals measuring longer than 30-yards were scored in this game?
How many losses did the Lions have coming into this game?
Which player had the longest TD of the first quarter?
Which team could not score in the second quarter?
How many games into the season did this game take place?
Which team was behind in points at the halftime?
Who did John Kasay play for?
Who won?
What was the shortest touchdown pass thrown in the game?
Which formation did the wildcat originate from?
How many times did the Panthers run the ball?
Which tight end caught a touchdown pass?
How many points did the Falcons lose by?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored by the Panthers in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Panthers win the game by?
How many years passed between the two rounds of mergers?
How many more members did the APWU have in 2012 over the National Association of Letter Carriers in the mid-1960s?
Who was the last Post Office workers to form a union, The National Association of Letter Carriers in 1889 or APWU in 2012?
How many more members did the APWU 330,000 did they have than the National Association 175,000 members?
How many years did it take for the various organizations of postal clerks to merge?
How many years were there between the mergers of the various postal clerk unions?
How many members and local branches did the National Association of Letter Carriers have in the mid-1960s?
Which formed second, The National Association of Letter Carriers or the United Federation of Postal Clerks?
How many years after the formation of the United Federation of Postal Clerks did the American Postal Workers Union form?
How many more members did the APWU have than the National Association of Letter Carriers had?
How many years after the National Association of Letter Carriers began did it finally merge into the United Federation of Postal Clerks?
After the United Federation of Postal Workers merger, how many years passed before the mergers produced the American Postal Workers Union?
How many more workers did the union have in 2012 than it did in the mid-1960s?
How many years after the start of the National Association of Letter Carriers did the United Federation of Postal Clerks form?
What happened first, the formation of American Postal Workers Union or the United Federation of Postal Clerks?
Who scored more points, the Giants or the Rams?
How many turnovers did the Giants allow?
How many years did the fighting last?
What was the last year before the fighting?
What happened first: Yorkist defeat at Ludford Bridge or widespread pillaging by Queen Margaret?
What happened second: Yorkist defeat at Ludford Bridge or widespread pillaging by Queen Margaret?
How many years did the period of nobile line extinctions due to fighting last?
What term is used to describe the Yorkist defeat at Ludford Bridge in 1459?
After being unable to recreate the defensive city walls, the city of London was able to convince which armies to stay out, Burgundy armies or the York armies?
How many years prior to the widespread pillaging carried out by Queen Margaret's army did the the York's make a defeat at Ludford Bridge?
In a period of how many years before the outbreak of the wars were there as many extinctions of noble lines from natural causes as occurred during the fighting?
How many years were a few noble houses extinguished during the wars?
How many years passed with the extinctions of noble lines from natural causes that occurred during the fighting?
How many points did the Rams score in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
For how many years did the truce signed in 1352 last?
What territory did Liubartas not lose in 1948?
Who was imprisoned in 1351?
What happened first: Battle of Strėva or Lubartas was taken prisoner?
What happened second: Battle of Strėva or Lubartas was taken prisoner?
How many years after the Lithuanians were defeated in the Battle of Streva was Lubartas taken prisoner by Louis?
How many years after Lubartas was taken prisoner and released did more military attacks follow?
What did the allies of Casimir help him do?
How many years passed between Liubartas losing all territories except Volhynia and Lubartas being taken prisoner?
How many years after the 1351 deal fell through did a treaty that allowed Liubartas to retain only eastern Volhynia finally get signed?
How many brothers did Liubartas have?
Which brother of Liubartas married a relative of Simeon of Moscow?
Which happened first, Liubartas being taken prisoner or getting married?
How many years did Liubartas retain Belz and Chelm for?
In what years were truces or treaties formed?
How many territories did the Lithuanians receive as a result of the second truce?
Which territory did Liubartas retain both in 1348 and in 1366?
Who ruled Chelm after Lubartas lost control of the region for the final time?
How many years was Barnard Castle part of Barnard Castle Urban District?
How many years has Barnard Castle Town been apart of the Barnard Castle Urban District?
How many years was the town part of Barnard Castle Urban District?
The Durham Constabulary is the police force for what?
What county was Barnard Castle historically located in?
For how many years was the town administratively part of teh Barnard Castle Urban District?
Which team was ahead at the start of the second half?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
Which team scored more field goals?
How many games had the Lions lost before week 11?
How many games had the Cardinals lost before week 11?
How many points were the Cardinals ahead by the end of the first quarter?
Which team was ahead at the start of the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns more were scored in the first quarter than the second half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Drew Stantons first touchdown than his second?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Drew Stanton's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many points did Arizona lead by at the half?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many more yards was Prater's first field goal than his second?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
how many yards did stanton lead with?
how many yards did prater kick?
how many points did the lions lead with at halftime?
how many yards did prater kick in the second?
how many games did the lions have a win streak?
Whose army was made of peasants?
Whose army was made up of mercenaries?
Which king went crazy?
What title did King Eric XIV's brother have before he became king?
Who killed the livestock?
What happened first, John staged a coup d'eta or draft peace agreement in Roskilde
Who started the war between the Swedes and Danes?
How many years did King Eric fight the Danish before he failed and returned to Halland?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
How many touchdowns did Ronnie Brown have?
How many points were scored on both teams first possessions?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team got on the board first?
Which player scored first for the Patriots?
How many losses did the Patriots begin this game with?
How many more foot soldiers did Baldwin have than cavalry?
How many more men did Fulcher of Chartres estimate that the Egyptian army had than modern historians minimum?
How many fewer Egyptian army men were there estimated by modern historians than originally estimated?
How many divisions did Baldwin command?
At minimum, how many fewer men were in the Egyptian army according to modern historians compared to Fulcher of Chartres estimate?
How many cavalry and foot soldiers in all did King Baldwin I have under his command?
Which group had the fewest men?
Who scored an 8 yard touchdown?
Who made a 30 yard fieldgoal?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Who scored more points, Indianapolis or Tennessee?
How many field goals did Vinatieri make?
who is the responcer?
who is the kicker?
which half blowout?
rob bironas yard?
drew first blood?
which yard vhinatieri helped
what is titans replied
rb joseph getting 30 yard goal?
colts flew to lp field?
indianpolis kept pounding away as vinatieri kicked
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Vinatieri kick?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Vinatieri's longest field goal over Bironas' longest one?
Which half saw more field goals, first or second?
How many more field goals were scored in the first half than in the second half?
Which quarter had longer TD run, first or third?
How many more yards was Addai's TD run over White's one?
Who threw longer TD pass, Peyton Manning or Vince Young?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did The Titans score in the second half?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more were kicked?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards were the first two touchdowns combined?
How many yards were each of Vinatieri's field goals?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Vinatieri have?
Which kicker had more total yards, Vinatieri or Bironas?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were scored?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were scored over 30 yards?
How many field goals did Bironas score over 35 yards?
Vinatieri scored how many field goals over 20 yards?
How many yards longer was Vinatieri's longest field goal than Bironas' longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Vince Young's TD pass to Roydell Williams than Peyton Manning's TD pass to Dallas Clark?
How many wins did the Giants have after this game?
How many total touchdowns did David Wilson score?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many points did the Giants beat the Saints by?
By how many points did the Giants win?
How many games had the Giants lost this season?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Who threw two interceptions?
How many months did the Battle of Verdun last?
How many months passed from the battle of Verdun started to when the Battle of the Somme started?
How many diseases and infections also plagued the solders?
What was giving solders blindness and burns?
How many months did germans attack french positions?
How many months was the battle of Somme?
how many combatants were suffered in battle of verdun?
What happened first, battle of somme or battle of verdun?
Who suffered the most casualties in the battle of Somme?
which two wars were going on in 1916?
How many months did the Battle of Verdun last?
Who ad more casualties, the Germans or the French?
How many months did the Battle of the Somme last?
Who had more casualties, the Germans or the French?
How many more causalties than dead did the British have in the Battle of the Somme?
How many diseases and infections affected the troops?
what is the history of  opening day?
How many yards did the Eagles rack in total?
Which team scored first in the first quarter?
What Eagles defender scored a touchdown?
How many touchdowns did McNabb have?
How many touchdowns did Michael Vick have in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown by Micheal Vick in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown in the first quarter?
Which receiver scored the longest touchdown?
How many rushing touchdowns were there before halftime?
Which two players caught a touchdown from 3 yards out?
How many touchdowns were there from only 15 yards out?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
From what yard line did both teams score from?
In which quarter did Michael Vick throw the most touchdowns?
Which Redskin had two second half rushing touchdowns?
How many yards did Michael Vick gain on his first passing and first rushing touchdown combine?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's first passing touchdown compared to his first rushing touchdown?
How many yards were gained on the first three rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on touchdown passes that were less than 10 yards long?
How many yards were scored on touchdown passes that were longer than 30 yards long?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the longest rushing touchdown?
How many more offensive touchdowns did the Eagles score compared to defensive touchdowns?
How many passing touchdowns measured less than 10 yards long?
How many incomplete passes did Michael Vick throw in this game?
How many yards per pass did Michael Vick average in this game?
How many total touchdowns did Michael Vick score in this game?
How many more passing yards did the Eagles score compared to rushing yards?
Which players scored on 3 yard touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were scored?
Who chased Hsinbyushin to Ava?
How many troops were used in the retake of Prome?
Which happened first, the defeat of the Konbaung armies, or the siege of Ava?
How many leaders did the Konbaung armies have?
Which happened first, the breaking of the siege of Ava, or the retreat of the Hanthawaddy?
What relation was Paata Abashidze to Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze?
What were the names of Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze's two daughters?
Who married King Simon of Imereti?
How many years was Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze the Kingof Imereti?
How many years were there between he wa deposed as king and his death?
How many years did the marriage of Anika and King Simon last?
How many years passed between the marriage of Anika and King Simon and the abdication of King Mamia?
How many years passed between the divorce of Anika and King Simon and the abdication of King Mamia?
How many years passed between the divorce of Anika and King Simon and the death of Abashidze?
How many years was Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze the King of Imereti?
How many years after leaving the throne did Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze die?
How many years was George VI the King of Imereti?
How many years did the marriage of Anika and King Simpon last?
How many years after seizing the Imereti throne did Abashidze die?
How many years after taking the throne for himself and refusing to pay tribute did a military response begin?
Who was the predecessor to George V as king of Imereti?
How many years was Giorgi-Malakia Abashidze a Georgian Nobleman and  King of Imerti from 1702-1707?
How many years after Innocent did Ferdinand die?
Who died first, Innocent or Ferdinand?
Which family member gave Charles VIII a claim to the throne?
Who died in 1492?
How many years did Pope Innocent VIII die before Ferdinand?
How many more years did Ferdinand live than Innocent?
How many years passed before Ferdinand and Innocent reconciled?
Who ordered bans?
How many years after the Angevins ruled Naples was Charles VIII offered the throne?
What happened first, the excommunication and deposition of Ferdinand, ot the Innocent's offer of Naples to Charles VIII?
Who got married first, Charles VII or Charles VIII?
How many years after the Angevin dynasty stopped fuling Naples did Innocent revoke the bans on Ferdinand?
How many years after settling the quarrel wit Innocent did Ferdinand die?
How many years did Ferdinand live after he was excommunicated?
Who was born first: Ferdinand or Alfonso II?
Who was born last: Ferdinand or Alfonso II?
Who was Alfonso II's father?
How many years apart are the deaths of Innocent and Ferdinand?
How many people did Innocent offer the kingdom to?
How many years before Innocent's death had he excommunicated and deposed Ferdinand?
Who died first, Innocent or Ferdinand?
How many years after excommunicating Ferdinand did Innocent finally settle his quarrel with Ferdinand?
Who ultimately inherited the throne of Naples?
Who offered the throne of Naples to Charles VIII?
How many years after Ferdinand was excommunicated did he die?
Who passed away first, Pope Innocent VIII or King Ferdinand?
How many games at Denver one before this one?
Who had the longest field goal?
Which team scored a safety?
How many wins did the Broncos have after this game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Elam's first field goal compared with Rayners?
How many total yards did Elam have?
How many total yards did Rayner have?
How many touchdowns were there between 10 and 20 yards?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were there?
how many yards did elam get?
how many yards did rayner get?
how many yards did Elam kick?
how many yards did Rayner kick?
how many yards did young get?
how many yards did webster kick?
how many yards did rayner nail?
how many yards did cutler complete?
How many more men were in the army of the Ottoman than that of the army led by the German general?
Which happened first, the capture of the outlying forts or the breaking of the siege?
How many days after the siege was broken off did the Ottoman forces withdraw?
How many forts did the Ottoman army capture in July?
How many days had passed between the great storm and the Ottomans breaking off the siege?
How many days did it take the Ottoman forces to withdraw after breaking off the siege?
Who owned the Ionian islands?
How many outlying forts did the Ottomans capture?
How many thousand men did Count Johann Matthias von der Schulenburg have?
How many thousand men did the Ottoman army have?
How many forts were captured in July 1716?
How many more men did the Ottoman army have than Count Johann Matthias von der Schulenburg?
How many days passed between the siege breaking of and the last Ottoman forces withdrawing?
How many forts were captured before the siege began?
How many days did it take after the siege was broken for the last Ottoman forces withdrew?
How many days after an Ottoman army of 33,000 men landed on Corfu did the siege begin?
How many days after a great storm was the siege broken off?
How many days after the siege was broken off did the last Ottoman forces withdraw?
How many more men did the Ottoman army have compared to the defense led by Count Johann Matthias von der Schulenburg?
How many months after Kett's Rebellion was Robert Kett hanged?
Who were the two leaders of the armies who fought against Kett's Rebellion
How many days were between the time Ketts army set up camp and when the rebels stormed Norwich?
How many months after the beginning of Ketts rebellion was Kett hanged?
How many days (approximately) did Ketts Rebellion last for?
What happened first, rebels stormed Norwich or rebels set up camp?
How many months after Kett's rebellion ended was Kett killed?
How many days after storming Norwich were the rebels defeated?
How many days after the rebels were defeated on 1 August, did the rebellion end?
How many months after the Rebellion began did Kett get hanged from the walls of Norwich Castle?
How many days after the rebels stormed Norwich were they defeated by an army led by the Marquess of Northampton?
How many days did Kett's Rebellion take place?
How many days after Kett's rebellion ended was he hanged from the walls of Norwich Castle?
How many days passed between the rebels setting up camp on Mousehold Heath and storming Norwich?
How many days passed between taking Norwich and the end of Kett's rebellion?
How many years after the western posts were closed as a result of the termination by Louis XIV was the Peace Conference?
Why were the western posts closed?
How many years was the Victoria street in walled Nicosia taken over by Turkish-Cypriot extremists?
What is the the oldest theme?
How many different kinds of events take place there?
How many different streets was the Prelature building moved to during 1963-1964?
How many years after the Prelature was erected in 1983 was it finally officially inaugurated?
How many times had the church been officially inaugurated?
Where was Prelature temporarily housed at?
Which location was Prelature temporarily housed at second, Aram Ouzounian street or Kyriakos Matsis street?
How many years after the Prelature building was taken over by Turkish-Cypriot extremists was the new Prelature building erected?
What buildings was the Prelature building near?
How many years after the new Prelature building was erected was the basement renovated and the "Vahram Utidjian" Hall formed?
How many years after the Vahram Utidjian was donated to the Prelature was it sold at an auction?
How many years after proceeds from an auction were received was the basement of the Prelature building renovated using those proceeds?
How many years after the Prelature building was inaugurated was the basement "Vahram Utidjian" Hall inaugurated?
How many more total force was the South than the North?
How many points did New Orleans score in the game?
How many passing touchdowns did drew brees have?
Who kicked a field goal of less than 40 yards?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
How many field goals did Hartley kick?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was Drew Brees longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Josh Brown's longest field goal?
Who scored the most field goals?
Which touchdown passes did Drew Brees make?
Who caught the first two TD passes from Drew Brees?
Which team was winning before the second half?
Which team score the most points in the game?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first half?
How many losses did the Browns have after the game?
how many points did the falcons go up?
how many points did the browns fall by
Which team scored the most in the first half?
Which team scored the least at the end of the game?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first half?
How many losses did the Browns have before this game?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
Which team scored the only field goal in the first half?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Terrell Owens score?
Who scored the last touchdown in the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
How many touchdowns did Michael Vick throw?
How many yards did Tony Romo complete?
Who would make the only score in the first?
How many yards did DeMarcus Ware intercept?
How many yards did the Falcons Vick complete?
how many yards did Griffith pass?
how many yards did Owens manage to hook?
how many yards did Vick complete after halftime?
how many yards did Vick pass to Griffith?
how many yards did Barber run?
how many yards did Gramatica kick?
how many yards did the Cowboys wrap up with?
How many points did the cowboys win by?
When did the English fleet arrived in Messina?
Who arrived first to Messina in 1190, Richard or the English fleet?
Were there more squires or knights in Philip army when transported by a Genoase fleet to the Holy Land by way of Sicily?
What did Richard do when he arrived in Marseille and found that his fleet had not arrived?
How many total knights, horses, and squires were transported to the Holy Land by way of Sicily?
Richard the Lionheart is the son of who?
Who is King Philip II the son of?
How many years after King Henry II of England died did King Richard's fleet departed from Dartmouth?
France conquered the Moorish city of Silves in Iberia how many years before King Richard's fleet departed from Dartmouth?
How was Richard the Lionheart related to King Henry II?
How many days did it take Richard to travel from Marseille to Messina?
How many days after Richard left did the English fleet get to Marseille?
How many people were in Philip's army?
Which happened first, King Richard's fleet departed or Richard and Philip II met in France?
How many days did it take Richard to arrive in Messina after leaving for Sicily?
Who was king first, Henry II or Richard the Lionheart?
What did Richard raise after his father's death?
Who took Silves in 1189?
Where did Richard's subjects go after they left Iberia?
Where was Richard in April 1190?
Who came out ahead in the altercation with Christian Lisbon?
How many rulers met in Vézelay?
Who went to Marseille, Richard or Philip?
Which two cities did Richard and Philip agree to march to?
How many days after left for Sicily did he arrive in Messina?
How many days after Richard left Marseille did his fleet arrive there?
Where did Richard's fleet go after leaving Marseille?
How many penalties were committed in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown reception of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many passing touchdowns did Romo have in the first half?
Who scored more points, Cowboys or Eagles?
How many yards were each of Longwell's field goals?
How many yards were all the second half touchdowns combined?
Which players had the shortest touchdown scoring plays of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many wins did the Lions have entering the game?
Which team attempted a two-point conversion?
How many points did each team score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns scored were equal to 1-yard?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were longer than 10-yards long?
How many field goals longer than 40-yards were scored?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How many yards was the difference between Manning's first TD pass and Stafford's first TD pass?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was Peyton Manning's second longest touchdown?
What players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How many more yards was Peyton Manning's first touchdown over his second?
What nationality was the spy that opened the gates on August 2, 1569?
Vientiane is to the southwest of what base?
How many years was Mahintrathirat held captive before he died?
Which people then laid siege to Ayutthaya city?
Who died during the course of the siege?
Which army took several weeks to regroup and rest having taken Ayutthaya?
How many years after the downfall of Ayutthaya did Bayinnaung retreat?
How many people and items total did Setthathirath capture from the Burmese during their retreat?
What year did Mahinthrathirat die in?
How many years after Mahinthrathirat died did Bayinnaung retreat from Ayutthaya city?
Who was the king before Mahathammarachathirat?
Which team went home for a Week 7 duel with the undefeated Tennessee Titans?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
Which team scored the most in the fourth quarter?
How many games had the Titans lost already?
Which kicker kicked more field goals?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas first field goal from his second?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored rushing touchdowns over 50 yards?
how many yards was Jacobs td?
How many field goals did Kaeding have?
How many touchdowns did Middleton have?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Jon Kitna ’s second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Nate Kaeding’s first field goal compared to his last?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's last field goal than his first two combined?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's longest field goal over his shortest one?
Who had the shortest touchdown run in the second half?
How many touchdowns less than 10 yards were there?
Which players scored on one yard touchdowns?
Which players scored two touchdowns each?
How many yards was Kitna's longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Kaeding have?
Which running backs scored the two shortest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were scored ont he first two touchdowns combined with the first field goal?
How many touchdowns did Tomlinson score during the first quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns from one yard?
In which quarters did the Lions score?
How many total yards did Kaeding have?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
Which player had more touchdown running yards, Tomlinson or Sproles?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in total in the first half by both teams?
Who won?
How many losses had Manning to the Bengals?
Who had the Broncos just won against?
How many total yards did Mike Nugent have between all of his field goals?
How many points ahead did Nugent's 23-yard field goal put the Bengals?
Who had the shortest touchdown pass?
Who received the shortest touchdown pass?
Who received the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who ran for the longest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many yards in field goals did Nugent have in the first half?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
What all touchdowns did Andy Dalton make?
How many yards difference was Giovani Bernard's touchdown reception compared to Jermaine Gresham's touchdown reception?
What are field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many more yards was Mike Nugent's second field goal over his first?
How many more yards was Mike Nugent's second field goal over his third?
How many more yards was Mike Nugent's first field goal over his third?
How many more made field goals were there than missed field goals?
How many yards were each of Nugent's made field goals?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was the difference between the first and second touchdowns in the game?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Dalton throw?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
What was the Giants record after the loss?
Which player caught a touchdown pass on fourth down?
How many yards did Eli Manning throw to Burress?
How many points were the SAints up?
How many points did the Giants lose by the Saints?
Who made the longest touchdown run in the NFL that season?
Which team kicked another 28-yard field goal a few minutes later?
How many total yards were all the field goals in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Rams trailing by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many points did The Lions lead by at halftime?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards was the second longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Were more yards of touchdowns scored in the first half or in the second half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
Who scored the second longest touchdown?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many times did the Rams score in the second half?
How many age groups made up less than 10% of the population?
Which age group made up more than 13% of the population but less than 20%?
Which age group made up the largest amount of the population?
Which age group populated the city the most?
Which age group had slightly over 30%?
How many age groups each made up more than 20% of the city population?
How many age groups each made up less than 20% of the city population?
Which age group populated the city by more than 10% but less than 15%?
How many more percent under the age of 18 than 65?
How many more females per 100, 18 and over, were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more percent of age 25 to 44 than 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which groups in percent are larger than 9%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 10%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age groups were measured in 2010?
How many fewer percent of people were aged 45 to 64 than 25 to 44?
How many more females over 18 than males were in the population?
How many percent of the population were over the age of 24?
How many percent of the population were under the age of 45?
What percent of the population was the age group that the median age fell into?
How many percent of the population was not under the age of 25?
How many percent of the population were not over the age of 24?
What was the age range directly below (younger) the age range that contained the median age?
Which age group is directly higher (older) than the age group that the median age fell into?
How many in the population were not 45 or older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 11%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many total yards did Nick Foles have?
How many more rushing yards did Nick Foles have compared to Bryce Brown?
Who caught the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Foles throw in the game?
How many incomplete passes did Nick Foles throw?
What was the shortest play
Who was injured
How many points did the Oakland Raiders lose by?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
When did Carr throw the longer pass, the first quarter or third quarter?
What was Carr's shortest TD pass?
How many of Carr's 3 TD passes were to Holmes?
How many more yards did Rivers throw for than Oliver ran?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Which receiver scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points in total were scored by both teams combined?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
Who scored the Lions second touchdown?
how many yards did freeman complete?
how many yards did palmer throw?
From what yard line did both teams kick a field goal?
In what quarter did both teams get a touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
How many interceptions were thrown by Carson Palmer?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
How many 31-yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which players made 31-yard field goals?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
Which players had interceptions of Palmer passes?
What all touchdowns did Carson Palmer make?
Which players intercepted passed thrown by Carson Palmer?
How many yards difference was Carson Palmer’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many games of the bangles of one the season if they'd won this game?
How many points did the Bengals get in overtime?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals lead by in the first half?
How many total points were on this game at the end of regulation?
Which team did the Steelers play the previous day?
How many yards was the first field goal?
Which team allowed the most points in the first quarter?
Which team went scoreless in the second quarter?
Which team won?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Feely and the yards of the second field goal made by Feely?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Feely and the yards of the first field goal made by Janikowski?
How many is the difference in yards of the first field goal made by Feely and the yards of the second field goal made my Janikowski?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first second goal made by Feely and the yards of the first field goal made by Janikowski?
How many points did both teams have at half time?
Who scored the Jets touchdown?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were longer than 50-yards?
How many yards in difference were between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player had the longest touchdown score?
Which kicker had a field goal under 30 yards in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which kicker kicked the least field goals in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 50 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was Jay Feely's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yard was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
Which team won the game?
How many scoring drives took place in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals of over 30 yards were made?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the most field goals in the first half?
From what yard lines did Phil Dawson kick a field goal in the first half?
From what yard lines were touchdowns scored in the first half?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the first half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard lines were field goals kicked in the second half?
Who scored a touchdown in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the second half?
How many of the touchdowns in the game were due to running the ball in?
How many yards were the total of touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Nugent's field goal compared to Kitna's longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were due to Pennington running the ball?
How many more losses than wins does Detroit have at the end of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many games had the Lions lost before this game?
How many wins did the Lions have after losing this game to the Jets?
How many losses did the Lions have after losing to the Jets?
Who did the Lions lose to before losing to the Jets?
How many yards was the longest td pass of the game?
How many field goals were made?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass of the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was Chad Pennington's touchdown pass compared to Jon Kitna's first touchdown pass?
Which player scored the most touchdown runs?
How many yards longer was Leon Washington's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Jon Kitna's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Leon Washington's first touchdown run compared to Kevan Barlow's touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did Leon Washington score?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score?
How many yards longer was Washington's longest TD run than his shortest?
Who had more TD passes, Jon Kitna or Chad Pennington?
Who made the only TD pass over 40 yards?
Who made the only TD pass under 10 yards?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many more was the 46 yards goal compared to the 26 yards goal?
How many less was the 26 yards goal compared to the 46 yards goal?
How many more was the 44 yards goal compared to the 26 yards goal?
How many less was the 26 yards goal compared to the 44 yards goal?
How many points was the margin of victory?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored more points the Ravens or the Packers?
What is the Packers current record?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many touchdowns did Boykin score?
How many points did the Browns score in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was the Browns's first half field goal compared with the Packers?
Which players scored one yard touchdowns?
How many suites of MPEG standards were there?
What does MPEG-2 mean
What did the Giants do to end the game?
How many yards was the longest drive of this game?
Which quarterback threw more interceptions?
Which team scored more points in the third?
how many yards did pennington lead?
how many yards did shockey pass?
Who are the Giants intracity rivals?
What was the score of the game at the end of the first half?
Who intercepted more than one pass thrown by Chad Pennington?
What all touchdown passes did Eli Manning make?
What all field goals did Mike Nugent attempt?
How many yards did Mike Nugent kick for successful field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal Acres kicked?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
Which team scored the most points, the Bears or the Eagles?
How many field goals did Akers make?
How many touchdown passes did Muhammad receive?
Which player scored more field goals, Robbie Gould or David Akers?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many total points were scored?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which players caught touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did David Akers kick on field goals?
Which player kicked the most field goals from longer than 30 and less than 40 yards?
Which players field goals from longer than 30 and less than 40 yards?
Which player kicked the two longest field goals?
How many total yards of field goals were scored in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould make?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than David Akers' longest field goal?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team scored first?
What was the smallest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee kick?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team won the game between the Bills and the Seahawks?
Which was the only team to score in the first quarter?
In which quarters did both teams score a field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many TD passes did Edwards throw in the fourth quarter?
How many TD runs did Maurice Jones-Drew have in the game?
How many yards shorter was the second rushing touchdown compared to the first?
How many yards did the first two field goals and first two rushing touchdowns combine for?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the average length of all field goals?
How many yards did all three touchdowns combine for?
How many yards was the average length of all three touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards long?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
How many field goals were between 20 and 50 yards in length?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Scobee or Rian Lindell?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
how many yards did Horn pass?
how many yards did Colston make?
What action led to the score 21-7?
Out of Jamal Lewis and Steve McNair, how many total running yards were there?
How many years was it from when Hafez al-Assad sent troops into Lebanon and when 40,000 Syrian troops remained in central and eastern Lebanon?
How many years was it from when Hafez al=Assad sent troops into Lebanon and when the Lebanese Cedar Revolution was?
How many years was it from when Hafez al-Assad sent troops into Lebanon and when the Lebanese government gave Lebanese passports to thousands of Syrians?
How many years was it from when the Lebanese Cedar Revolition was and when the Lebanese government gave Lebanese passports to thousands of Syrians?
How many years span these events?
How many years are between the Syrian president sending troops into Lebanon to fight PLO forces, and the Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
How many years did these events span from?
How many years are between president Hafez sending troops into Lebanon, and The Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
How many years are between the Lebanese Cedar Revolution and the Lebanese government giving passports to Syrians?
Which happened first, Hal al-Assad sending troops into Lebanon, or the cease-fire agreement?
Did the Syrians fight the Christians or protect them?
What happend first, the Taif Accord, or the Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
Which groups did Syria support in Lebanon initially?
How many regions in Lebanon had Syrian troops in 1989?
What happened later, a cease-fire agreement that allowed for the stationing of Syrian troops within Lebanon or the Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
How many years after Syrian president Hafez al-Assad sent troops into Lebanon did the Lebanese Cedar Revolution happen?
How many years passed between Hafez al-Assad sending troops into Lebanon and the Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
How many years passed between the Lebanese government giving passports to Syrians and the Lebanese Cesar Revolution?
What event happened later, Lebanese Cedar Revolution or the then Syrian president Hafez al-Assad sent troops into Lebanon to fight PLO forces on behalf of Christian militias?
How many years between the Taif Accord and the Lebanese Cedar Revolution?
Who did the Syrian troops fight against first, the PLO forces of the Christian nationalists?
What happened first, the Treaty of Madrid or the War of the Seven Reductions?
How many more deaths did the Guarani have compared to the Europeans at the battle of Caiboaté?
How many total deaths were there at the battle of Caiboaté?
Which happened last, the Treaty of El Pardo or the Treaty of Madrid?
How many more Guarani died than Europeans?
Which group had the least deaths, the Europeans or the Guarani?
When did the Guarani lose 1511 people?
Who fought the Guarani tribes of seven Jesuit Reductions in the War of the Seven Reductions?
How many total people died in the fight on February 10, 1756?
How many of the Guarani people died in the fighing to February 10, 1756?
How many more deaths were suffered by the Guaraní compared to the Europeans in the battle of Caiboaté?
Forces from which two countries fought the Guaraní tribes at the battle of Caiboaté?
What was the final score in this game?
How many points did the Eagles lose to the Cardinals?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
How many years did the campain along the Daugava waterway last?
Which happened first, the beginning of the war or the death of Talivaldis?
How many years after the war against the Latgallian and Selonian countries started did Latgallian countries finally become the possession of German conquerors?
How many years after Latgallian countries finally become the possession of German conquerors did the territory of the former Principality of Jersika become divided by the Bishop of Rīga and the Livonian Order?
What did the crusaders do first, subjugate the Liconians or turn their attention to the Latgallian principalities to the east?
Which religion did the Baltic tribes practice first, Greek Orthodoxy or Roman Catholicism?
What was the leader of the only peaceful subjugation of the Baltic tribes during the Nordic crusades?
Which religion did the Principality of Tālava  practice first, Greek Orthodoxy or Roman Catholicism?
How many years after the peaceful subjugation of the Baltic tribes did Tālivaldis die?
How many years after the war against the Latgallian countries began did Latgallian countries finally become the possession of German conquerers?
Which team was playing at home?
Which tight end scored for the chiefs?
Who kicked a longer field goal out of the two kickers?
Which team was just played the Rams the week before this one?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
Which player had the first TD run of the game for the Chiefs?
From what distance did three different players score touchdowns?
Which players scored touchdowns from 2-yards?
Which player kicked for the most total yards on field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest field goal?
How many 2-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
Which players ran for a touchdown of exactly 2-yards?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many total field goal yards were in the game?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown make?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Succop make?
How many more total field goal yards did Ryan Succop have than Josh Brown?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's longest field goal than Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's shortest field goal than Josh Brown's shortest field goal?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the Panthers score all game?
How many more yards was Gano's second field goal over his first?
In which quarter did both teams score the same number of touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many receptions did Jason Avant have?
Which Lion had a touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Carolina get in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the fewest first half points?
Which team won this game?
who took the lead in the beginning?
who scored the final point?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which city has a higher population in Iowa, Davenport or Cedar Rapids?
Which is the largest city in Iowa?
How many more people lived in the city according to the 2010 census than that of the 2000 census?
What two areas has an average population density of Davenport?
How many more households residing in Quad Cities metropolitan area than families?
What city in Iowa is the smallest in population: Davenport or Cedar Rapids?
How many more people lived in the metropolitan area than in the city?
In 2000, were there more families of households in the city?
Which has a lower population density, Davenport or Iowa?
Which two cities in Iowa have more people than Davenport?
Which city is larger, Sioux City or Davenport?
Who threw two touchdowns in the fourth?
How many touchdowns did Kurt Warner throw?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more points, Houston or Arizona?
how many yards did hightower get?
how many yards did schaub return?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were made?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were made in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Kurt Warner make than Matt Schaub?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Matt Schuab make?
How many yards longer was Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's longest touchdown pass than Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which receiver caught at least two touchdowns?
Who scored one yard touchdown runs?
Which players both scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How long were each of Kurt Warner's touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's second touchdown pass than his first?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass of the second half?
How many touchdowns did Andre Johnson score in the fourth quarter?
Which players had 1-yard touchdown runs?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns passes did Matt Schaub throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns passes did Kurt Warner throw in the first quarter?
Which happened first vice-admiral or Governor?
Which happened first resignation of Clinton or working with the Mohawk chief?
How many countries were threatening the New York Border?
How many Indian chief's were recruited?
How many years did it take Clinton to take up his position from the time he was appointed Governor?
Was Clinton promoted to vice-admiral or rear-admiral first?
How many years was it from the time Clinton was promoted to read-admiral to the time he was promoted to full admiral?
How many years was it from the time Clinton was appointed Governor of the Province of New York to the time he retired?
Which happened first, Clinton's promotion to rear-admiral or King George's War?
How many months passed between Clinton's promotion to rear-admiral and his promotion to vice-admiral?
What happened first: Clinton was appointed Governor or promoted to rear-admiral?
What happened second: Clinton was appointed Governor or promoted to rear-admiral?
How many years passed between Clinton was appointed Governor and promoted to rear-admiral?
How many days passed between Clinton's promotion to rear-admiral and vice admiral?
What day did Yi Jong-mu's fleet land in Asō Bay?
How many more Chinese captives than slaves were rescued by General Yi Jong-mu?
How many more pirates were killed or captured than ships burned in the raid on pirate settlements?
Which was more of burned, ships or houses?
How many days after landing was the Korean army ambushed by the Japanese?
Which happened first, the truce or Battle of Nukadake?
How many captives and slaves total were found?
How many days did the battle last?
How many people did Jong-mu rescue from the island?
How many days was the Korean expeditionary force enganged with  Tsushima?
What day did Yi Jong-mu's fleet arrive in Asō Bay?
How many people in all did Yi-Jong-mu's men find after going ashore in Asō Bay and rescue?
How many days after setting off towards Tsushima did Korea give up the occupation and withdraw back to the Korean Peninsula?
What date did the Yi Jong-Mu's fleet land at Aso Bay?
How many people did Yi Jong-mu rescue from the island?
Did Yi Jong-mu rescue more people or kill more people on the island?
How many days did the Korean force stay at the island before withdrawing?
How many field goals did Prater kick?
Who kicked more field goals, Prater or Gostkowski?
Which team had the most points at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt of the game?
How many touchdowns did Wright score?
How many times was Brady intercepted?
How many yards did Brady throw?
How many times did Brady get sacked?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
How many turnovers did the Seahawks force?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Rams score?
How many turnovers did the Rams have in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Matt Hasselbeck throw in this game?
Which team scored the most in the first half?
In which quarter did the Seahawks turn over the ball the most?
How many touchdown passes did Hasselbeck throw in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks score in the first half?
Which was longer, Carlson's TD catch or Jones' TD run?
How many field goals did the Rams miss?
What was the name of the Raiders Stadium?
Who kicked two field goals in the second quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the game?
Who's touchdown run was shorter, Jordans or Walkers?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were the Raiders leading by at the half?
How many yards was the only touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored one yard touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest?
Who did the Broncos beat before player the Raiders?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
What were the distances, in yards, of Janikowski's field goals?
How many field goals did Janikowski make in the game?
How many points did the Broncos score in the third quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked both the longest and shortest field goals?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards in field goals did Janikowski have in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players made at least 2 field goals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who presented the 5pm bulletin before Deborah Knight?
Who anchored the nightly Sydney news before Bill Woods?
How many years was Bill Woods the anchor of the nightly Sydney news?
How many years did Deborah Knight present the 5pm bulletin before being replaced?
How many years was the 5pm bulletin presented?
What happened first: Wilson replaced by Bill Woods or Sully became sole anchor?
What happened second: Wilson replaced by Bill Woods or Sully became sole anchor?
How many women present Ten Eyewitness News Sydney?
What was the last year that Ron Wilson and Jessica Rowe presented the 5pm bulletin?
Whose place did Deborah Knight take?
Whose place did Bill Woods take?
How many fill-in presenters were there?
How many of the fill-in presenters are female?
The last year Wilson anchored the nightly Sydney news was what?
How long is Ten Eyewitness News Sydney?
How many years did these events span?
What Rowe was doing before the Nine Network's Today?
Who was doing Nine Network's Today before 2006?
Who anchored the nightly Sydney news after January 2009?
How many days passed between the official delegation being sent to Poland and the delegates arriving in Kraków?
How many cities in Prussia were not free from Teutonic rule?
How many days after he confederacy sent an official delegation to Poland did the delegates ask Casimir to bring Prussia into the Polish kingdom?
On what date did the confederacy start its rebellion after the formal act of disobedience was sent to the Grand Master?
On what day was JOhannes von Baysen named the first governor of Prussia?
How many days after JOhannes von Baysen was named the first governor of Prussia had most of the Prussian estates, aside from the Prince-Bishopric of Warmia, pleged allegiance to their new ruler?
How many  areas in Prussia was free from Teautonic rule?
On what date did the confederacy start it's rebellion where soon after almost all Prussia was free from Teutonic rule?
How many days after the confederacy sent an official delegation to Poland were the delegates in Kraków?
How many days after the delegates asked Casimir to bring Prussia into the Polish kingdom did the king agree and delegates of the Prussian Confederation pledged allegiance to Casimir?
On what date was Johannes von Baysen named the first governor of Prussia?
When did the confederacy start its rebellion?
How many days after the Secret Council of the Prussian Confederation sent a formal act of disobedience to the Grand Master did the confederacy send an official delegation to Poland?
How many Prussian cities were not freed from Teutonic rule?
How many days after the Treaty of Moscow did the Ossetians declare a Soviety republic in the Roki area?
How many days after the Treaty of Moscow did the Ossetians declare a Soviet republic?
Where was the Bolshevik force first, Vladikavkaz or Java?
How many days after the signing of the Treaty of Moscow did the Ossetians declare a Soviet republic in the Roki area?
How many people were killed or forced to seek refuse in Soviet Russia during the hostilities?
Which occurred first, the Treaty of Moscow or the Ossetians declared a Soviet republic in the Roki area?
How many more points did Jordan average than rebounds?
How many games did Jordan not start in during the 2003 season?
How many times did Jordan score 30 or more points?
How many NBA All-Star Games did Jordan play in?
Who broke Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's all-time leading scorer in All-Star Game history record?
What year was Michael Jordan born?
How many career all-star games did Jordan play?
What player has played in the most All-Star games?
What year was Jordan born?
Who was all-time leading scorer in All-Star Game history first, Jordan or Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
Who was all-time leading scorer in All-Star Game history first, Jordan or Kobe Bryant?
How many games did Jordan not start in?
HOw many more times did he score 20 or more points than 30 or more points?
How did Jordan feel about his teammates on the Wizards team?
How many more fans watched Wizard home games than road games?
How many more percentage points of shots did he make from the free throw line than from the field?
How many fans did Jordan have a game at home than on the road?
What percentage was the largest that Jordan made his shots: the field or free throw line?
How many more times did Jordan score the most 20 or more points than 30 more points?
How many more rebounds than did Jordan have than assists?
How many different animals did Manufahi's agriculturalists produce?
How many years did the first revolt led by Manufahi last?
Which revolt led by Manufahi lasted longer, the first revolt or the second revolt?
How many more people were there than houses in 1903?
How many products did the agriculturalists produce?
Which jewelry pieces did the craftsmen make?
How many years did the countrywide conflict last?
How many years did the first revolt led by Manufahi last?
Which revolt of Manufahi's last longer, the first or second?
How many years did the first Manufahi-led revolt last?
How many years did the second Manufahi-led revolt last?
How many more years did the first Manufahi-led revolt last compared to the first?
How many years after the first Manufahi-led revolt ended did the second of such revolts begin?
How many years did the reign of Dom Duarte last?
How many more houses were there than the population?
How many points did the Bears score?
How many 49 yard field goals were kicked?
How many total yards did Brian Griese throw for on  touchdown passes?
From what distance did both teams throw touchdown passes?
Which player's had 49 yard field goals?
Which players caught 15 yard touchdown passes?
Which player missed an extra point attempt?
How many interceptions did Griese throw?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which players made 49 yard field goals?
Who had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which running back scored first in the game?
How many punts did the Raiders block?
How many TD passes did Rivers throw?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the fourth quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many times did the Chargers score a touchdown before the fourth quarter?
How many different players received a touchdown by Philip Rivers before the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were for 35 yards or more?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the second half?
What all touchdowns did Philip Rivers make?
How many yards difference was Philip Rivers touchdown pass to Malcom Floyd compared to his touchdown pass to Antonio Gates?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers touchdown pass to Antonio Gates than Jason Campbell's touchdown pass to Zach Miller?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers touchdown pass to Malcolm Floyd than Jason Campbell's touchdown pass to Zach Miller?
What all field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many times did the Seahawks score in the first half?
Which team scored a safety?
How many interceptions were thrown in the first quarter?
How many points was the largest lead of the game?
How many years in between the Scottish Civil wars?
What happened between August 1642 and September 1651?
Which two countries fought in the English Civil War?
What was the name for the group fighting on Charles I's side?
Who continued to fight after the official ending of the English Civil War?
How many years did the The English Civil War last?
What happened last, the start of English Civil War or the Battle of Worcester?
How many years did the series of conflicts and civil wars between the kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland last?
How many years did the English Civil War last?
How many years 1639-1652 was there conflicts between England, Scotland and Ireland?
Where did the English Civil War begin, Nottingham or Worcester?
How many years did the English Civil War last between 1642-1651?
How many years did the The English Civil War last?
Which war did the Confederate Wars end with, Irish Rebellion or the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland?
Which English War was in the middle,  First English Civil War , the Second English Civil War or the Third English Civil War?
How many years did the conflicts and civil between 1639 and 1652 last?
Which happened last, the Irish Rebellion or the Battle of Worcester?
For how many years did both the English Civil war and the Irish Confederate Wars overlap at the same time?
How many years after the Irish Rebellion of 1641 did the Dunnottar Castle surrender to Parliament's troops?
How many years was it between the two times when the Ottoman Empire lost to the Russian Empire?
How many years was it between the conflict between the First Republic of Armenia and the Turkish nationalists and the point the Ottomans maintained their territorial gains until?
How many years was it between when the Ottomans occupied the South Caucasus and the point they maintained their terriotrial gains until?
How many years was it between the conflict between the First Republic of Armenia and the Turkish nationalists and the point the Ottomans maintained their territorial gains until?
How many treaties played a role in establishing the modern  Turkish-Aremnian border?
Over how many years did the Ottoman Empire lose territory to the Russian Empire?
Which event occurred first, the signing of the Treaty of Sevres or the Turkish-Armenian War?
For what time span was the Ottoman Empire able to maintain the territorial gains they won from Armenia?
How many times had the Ottoman Empire lost to the Russian Empire?
How many years were between the conflict between the First Republic of Armenia and the Turkish nationalists and the first time the Ottoman Empire lost to the Russian Empire?
How many years were between the conflict between the First Republic of Armenia and the Turkish nationalists and the secon time the Ottoman Empire lost to the Russian Empire?
How many years do these events span for?
What event happened first, the start of the Turkish-Armenian War, or the Treaty of Moscow?
How many names does the Turkish-Armenian war have?
How many countries were involved in the Eastern Operation?
What happened first: Eastern Operation or Treaty of Moscow?
What happened second: Eastern Operation or Treaty of Moscow?
How many times did the Ottoman Empire lose against the Russian Empire?
How many more touchdowns did quarterback Billy Kilmer have compared to interceptions in the regular season?
How many years older was Sonny Jurgensen compared to Billy Kilmer?
How many combined carries did both Larry Brown and Charley Harraway have?
How many combined passing and rushing yards did Larry Brown have during the regular season?
How many more touchdowns during the regular season did Larry Brown have compared to wide receiver Charley Taylor and wide receiver Roy Jefferson?
How many more touchdowns did Billy Kilmer have compared to interceptions?
How many more completed passes did Billy Kilmer have compared to incomplete passes ?
How many combined rushing yards did Larry Brown and Charley Harraway have?
How many more rushing yards compared to receiving yards did Larry Brown have?
How many more touchdowns did Larry Brown score compared to both Charley Taylor and Roy Jefferson?
How many incomplete passes did Billy Kilmer have?
How many more touchdowns than interceptions did Kilmer have?
How many quarterbacks int the league had more touchdowns than Kilmer?
How many more carries than passes caught did Larry Brown have?
Who had more carries, Charley Harraway or Larry Brown?
How many more carries did Larry Brown have than Charley Harraway?
Who had fewer yards, Brown or Harraway?
How many yards were Billy Kilmer's passes on average, to two decimal places?
How many yards were Larry Brown's carries on average, to two decimal places?
How many yards were Charley Taylor and Roy Jefferson's receptions on average, to two decimal places?
Who had a higher yards per carry average, Larry Brown or Charley Harraway?
How many yards did Larry Brown, Charley Harraway, Charley Taylor, and Roy Jefferson have combined?
How many more combined rushing and passing yards did Larry Brown have compared to Charley Harraway's rushing yards?
How many awards did Larry Brown win?
How many combined rushing yards did Larry Brown and Charley Harraway have?
How many more carries did Larry Brown have compared to Charley Harraway?
How many more rushing yards did Larry Brown have compared to Charley Harraway?
How many total years did the Miss USA beauty pageant air on CBS?
How many networks game show hosts emceed the Miss USA beauty pageant?
How many total years did John Charles Daly emcee the Miss USA beauty pageant?
How many more years did Bob Barker emcee the Miss USA beauty pageant compared to Alan Thicke?
how many combined years did Dick Clark and Bob Goen emcee the Miss USA beauty pageant?
How many yards long  was The Patriots'drive?
Who countered on their next drive, putting together a 15 play?
How many field goals were made?
How short was the shortest field goal?
What happened following Dennard's interception?
From what distance did both teams kick a field goal?
How many 43 yard field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many points did the Patriots score on their first drive?
How many points did the Jets get on the board with?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
As of the 2000 census, were there more people identifying as Asian or African American?
As of the 2000 census, were there more people identifying as African American or White?
How many more households were there than families?
Which were there more of, Asian or Hispanic?
How many more Hispanics were there than people from two or more races, in percentage?
Which races each consisted of more than 10% of the population?
Which race had the most people?
Which race had the least people, African American or Hispanic?
Which race had the second most people, African American or Asian?
How many percent were not White?
In the 2000 U.S Census which was the largest category, people or households?
In the 2000 U.S. Census  which was the lowest category, households or families?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
Which race had the most people?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
Which had more in 2000, households or families?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census in the city is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census in the city is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census in the city is larger: White or Asian?
Which group from the census in the city is smaller: White or Asian?
Which group from the census in the city is larger: White or two or more races?
Which group from the census in the city is smaller: White or two or more races?
Which group from the census in the city is larger: African American or Asian?
Which group from the census in the city is smaller: African American or Asian?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2.5%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
How many touchdowns did Brees have?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did brees score in the third quarter?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal of the first half?
How many total field goal yards wer ethere during the first half?
Which players caught one yard touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passing yards did Brees have?
Did Brees have more touchdown passing yards or run yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player was the first to kick a field goal over 40 yards?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Olindo Mare?
Which players scored field goals longer than 40 yards?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay kick?
Which field goals did John Kasay make?
How many yards in total are two longest field goals combined?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player had more field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many touchdown passes between 1 and 5 yards were made?
How many yards were each of Kasay's field goals?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards were all John Kasay's field goals combined?
How many yards in field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many field goals over 30 yards were kicked in the game?
What player completed two successful touchdown passes during the game?
How many more people did France officially reach in 2017 compared to 2014
How many more people were in France in 2017 compared to 2010?
How many more people were there in France in 2017 than 2010?
By how many million people had the population of France grown between early 2014 and March 2017?
What was the Browns' overall record after this game?
How many touchdowns had the Broncos defense before this game?
How were the first points scored in the game?
In which quarter were the first points scored?
How many sacks did the Broncos get over the first two quarters?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick?
How many points did Denver win by?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
By how many points did Denver win?
Who scored for the Browns?
Which team had the most points at halftime?
How many points did the kicker get on the first score?
How many points were scored the first quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many scoring plays took place in the first quarter?
Which two teams played on Christmas Eve?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Michael Vick score during the game?
Which player was the second to score?
Which team did the Cowboys play Saturday night?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
Which team was winning at the end of the first quarter?
How many more losses than wins did the Falcons have after this season?
How many incomplete passes did Michael Vick throw in this game?
How many yards per pass did Michael Vick average in this game?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal compared to Morten Andersen's longest?
How many yards did Morten Andersen and John Kasay combine for on their converted field goals?
Which team got on the board first?
Which team lost the game?
How many points did Floyd start the chargers out with?
How many quarters did the Chargers keep the lead?
In which quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
Which player scored the most points?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many touchdown passes took place?
How many td plays were scored from less than 5 yards out?
How many td plays were scored from greater than 10 yards?
Who caught the longest td pass of the game?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
Who completed the longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the second longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the third longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Who completed the fifth longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for on touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Philip Rivers?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Philip Rivers or Kyle Orton?
How many more touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make over Kyle Orton?
Which touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers' second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 30 yards did Philip Rivers throw?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
Which players made at least three touchdown passes?
Where were Jewish communities first, Franconia or Regensburg?
Which occurred first, the Rintfleisch massacres or the Armleder Uprising?
How many years did the Armleder Uprising last?
Where were Jews persecuted first, Künzelsau or Creglingen?
How many cities now have Jewish communities in Franconia?
Which massacre occurred first?
How many years was it between the first and second Jewish massacre?
When were the Ashkenazi communities significant in Francnonia?
How many 'weapons search operations' did the Nazi organize against the Jews?
Where did almost two thirds of the Bavarian Jews live in 1818?
How many Jewish communities are in Franconia today?
Which region inhabited Jews first, Franconia or Regensburg?
Which was the first massacre to have happened to the Jews?
How many years did the Armleder Uprising go on for?
Which massacres happened first, the Rintfleisch massacres or the Armleder Uprising?
When did the persecution of Jews in Creglingen first take place?
How many communities today are Jews living in?
How many years did the Armleder Uprising take place?
What was the name of the first Jewish massacres in Regensburg?
Which Regensburg massacre came first?
What was the name of the second Jewish massacre in Regensburg?
When was the second Jewish massacre in Regensburg?
How many field goals did Connor Barth have?
How many touchdowns did McNabb throw?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the most field goals in this game?
Who threw the longest pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Barth make than Gano?
How many years passed between the peasantry and the jizamurai revolting and Ikkō-ikki of Kaga Province's overthrow of Masachika?
Who revolted
What was gekokujō
How many parts of Japan escaped the violence?
How many times during the Ōnin War did people set up their own revolt?
Which group of people were allowed to stay at the Yamashiro Province?
How many provinces did the Ikki form in?
How many years after the Ikki had set up a provisional government for Yamashiro province did the kkō-ikki of Kaga Province overthrew Masachika and took control of the province?
How many years afer the peasantry and the jizamurai revolted  did the Ikki set up a provisional government for the Yamashiro province?
Which did the the Ikkō-ikki of Kaga Province do first, build a fortified castle-cathedral along the Yodo River or overthrow Masachika and take control of the province?
How many years after the revolt started did the Ikki set up a provisional government for Yamashiro privince?
Which did the Ikki do first, start a revolt during the Ōnin War or were enlisted by one of Kaga's most prominent warlords?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did each quarterback throw?
How many field goals did Matt Stover have total?
How many yards was the only rushing touchdown of the game?
Which team scored fewer points in the second half?
Who scored the only defensive touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Stover's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many touchdowns under 15 yards were scored?
How many yards was the longest offensive touchdown?
How many games did Saints win before their win over Falcons?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who threw the shortest TD pass?
How many yards were Elam's field goals?
How many touchdowns did Saints have in the second quarter?
Which players completed interceptions?
How many yards did Thomas get in his TD run?
How many points did the Saints win by?
Which team scored more in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored during the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players made touchdown runs in the first quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored a touchdown of at least 40 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Which players had touchdown runs over 1 yard?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did New Orleans score in the third quarter?
Which players threw touchdown passes in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who founded the  the Burma Independence Army in Bangkok
What were the activists called?
How many activists were there?
Who did the activist receive military training from?
who did the Imperial Japanese Army fight against?
Which happened first, the Burma Campaign, or the founding of the Burma Independence Army?
What replaced the Burma Independence Army?
How many months after the formation of the Burma Defense Army was the Burma Independence Army founded?
How many years did the Mongols invade the Sakhalin Island?
What happened later, the Red Turban Rebellion or the Yuan Dynasty?
Which was a weakest Mongol force,  the one they sent to Southern China or Middle East?
How many defected troops made up the Han Army?
Where did the Mongols invade first, the Middle East, or Sakhalin Island?
How many years after invading the Middle East was the Yuan dynasty overthrown?
What was the name of the military of the Yuan dynasty?
How many years did the Mongols control Sakhalin Island?
The Yuan dynasty was overthrown, then replaced with what?
Which force was larger, the one that invaded southern China or the one sent to the Middle East?
For how many years did the Mongols invade Sakhalin Island?
How many years did the Yuan dynasty last?
Which dynasty came first, the Ming or Yuan dynasty?
Which engaement did the Mongols take a larger force to, southern China or the Middle East?
How many years passed between the Mongol invasion of the Middle East and the establishment of the Yuan dynasty?
How many armies did the Yuan dynasty create out of defected troops?
Which army did the defected Song troops join, the Han Army or the Newly Submitted Army?
Which region experienced a smaller Mongol force, southern China or Middle East?
How many years after its establishment was the Yuan Dynasty overthrown?
Which region was invaded by the Mongols first, southern China or the Middle East?
How many yards combined were the two field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the game?
Who had the most receptions?
How many yards was the interception from Rex Grossman run back for a touchdown?
Who scored the second touchdown in the 3rd quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Nick Folk score in total?
How many touchdowns did Tony Romo throw?
How many yards did Folk have?
Who scored from one yard?
In which quarter did both teams score?
How many yards longer was Romo's longest touchdown pass compared with his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many more yards did Terrell Owens have than Marion Barber?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many is the difference between the yards of the TD run by Lynch and the yards of the TD pass to Royal?
How many is the difference between the yards of the TD run by Lynch and yards of the TD pass to Burleson?
How many is the difference between the yards of the TD run by Lynch and yards of the field goal made by Mare?
How many is the difference between the yards of the TD run by Lynch and the yards of the TD pass to Denney?
Which team scored first, Seahawks or Bills?
Which team scored the most points?
Who scored first?
Who did not score first quarter?
Who scored a 21-yard TD run?
Who threw the longest pass in the game?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell get?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which team scored more during the second quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 20 yards?
Which player scored more field goals, Rian Lindell or Olindo Mare?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored the longest play of the game?
How many field goals were between 30 and 40 yards?
Did more field goals occur in the first or second half of the game?
How many yards were made by field goal kicks in the first half of the game?
Which player kicked the most field goals of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards were there between the longest and the shortest field goal kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards shorter was the shortest touchdown pass of the game than the second shortest?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How long was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored less points during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
In which quarter was Brett Favre's shortest touchdown pass, the first or the fourth?
How many yards longer was Longwell's second field goal over his first one?
Which player did Favre throw longer pass to, Rice or Lewis?
How many more yards was Favre's second pass over his first one?
How many more touchdowns did 49ers score over Vikings in the first half?
How many more touchdowns did Vikings score in the second half over 49ers?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Longwell's longest field goal over Nedney's longest one?
How many yards longer was Hill's second TD pass over his first one?
How many yards longer was Favre's longest TD pass over Hill's longest one?
How many field goals measuring 50-yards or longer were converted?
How many special team touchdowns were scored?
How many touchdowns measured 30-yards or more?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
What distant field goals did Ryan Longwell kick in the first half?
What player had two touchdown receptions?
How many touchdowns did Favre and Hill each throw?
How many points did the Giants beat the 49ers by in the 1985 playoffs?
How many more wins than losses did the 49ers have in 1984?
How many is the difference in the number of week matchup and the number of yard touchdown pass to Fred Davis?
How many is the difference between the number of week matchup and the number of yards field goal by Suisham?
How many is the difference in the number of week matchup and the number of yard pass caught by Colston?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many field goals did Garrett Hartley kick?
How many yards was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal?
Who caught the longest pass?
Who threw the shortest pass?
Which team scored first in the game?
Who had a 67 yard touchdown reception?
Who scored touchdowns as a runner and receiver?
How many touchdowns did Darren McFadden have?
How many touchdown passes did Jason Campbell throw?
How many touchdown passes did David Garrard throw?
How many field goals did each kicker score?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who scored the winning touchdown?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest TD play?
Which QB threw the longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns of at least 50 yards were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which mission was a failure?
How many years passed between the expelling of Mendes and the burning of the religious writings?
How many years passed between Emperor Susenyos' conversion to Catholicism and its declaration as the official religion of Ethiopia?
How many years passed between the explusion of archbishop Afonso Mendes from Ethipoia and the burning of the last Catholic writings?
Which happened first, the Vatican forbidding Chinese Rites or the construction of the first Catholic Church in Beijing?
How many times did the Vatican forbaded any adaptation in the so-called Chinese Rites controversy?
What happened first: Fasilides expelled archbishop Afonso Mendes or writings of the Catholics burnt?
What happened second: Fasilides expelled archbishop Afonso Mendes or writings of the Catholics burnt?
How many groups were moving into Asia and the Far East?
How many years passed between the first Catholic church in Beijing and the Vatican forbidding any adaptation in the Chinese Rites controversy?
The Chinese were allowed to venerate the dead by what authority?
Who was born first: Susenyos or Fasilides?
Who was born last: Susenyos or Fasilides?
How many times did the Vatican forbade any adaptation in the so-called Chinese Rites controversy?
Who was born first: Susenyos or Fasilides?
Who was born last: Susenyos or Fasilides?
Who was Faslides' father?
Who was Susenyos' son?
How many years after Emperor Susenyos declaired his conversion to Catholicism was it made the official releition in Ethiopia?
How many years after Roman Catholicism was made the official religion of Ethiopa was the Catholic archbishop and his Jesuit brethren expelled?
How many years after the rulers of Ethiopia expelled the Catholic archbishop were the remaining religious writings of the Catholics burnt?
Why did the Roman Catholic Church establish missions in the Americas?
What populations were the missionaries made from?
How many years after Fasilides expelled archbishop Afonso Mendes and his Jesuit brethren did he order the remaining religious writings of the Catholics burnt?
Where did the Italians retreat to?
Which group was conscripted into the army by the Italians?
When did the Italians finally achieve a breakthrough in Vittorio Veneto?
Which came first, Austria-Hungary surrendering or being defeated in the Battle of Vittorio Veneto?
How many days before the Italians invaded Trieste was the fleet of the Austro-Hungarians destroyed?
Did the Italians invade Trieste or participate in the Battle of Caporetto first?
Who won the Battle of Caporetto?
Which happened first, the Battle of Vittorio Veneto or the Armistice of Villa Giusti?
What happened first: Central Power's crushing offensive or Armistice of Villa Giusti?
What happened second: Central Power's crushing offensive or Armistice of Villa Giusti?
What happened first: Italians invaded Trieste or Battle of Vittorio Veneto?
What happened second: Italians invaded Trieste or Battle of Vittorio Veneto?
When did the italian invasion of Trieste begin?
When did the Italian Navy destroyed much of the Austro-Hungarian fleet stationed in Pula?
Which happened second, the Italian Navy destroyed much of the Austro-Hungarian fleet or the Italians invaded Trieste?
Which two events happened on November 3?
How many days after the Italian Navy destroyed much of the Austro-Hungarian fleet did Austria-Hungary surrender?
How many days after the Armistice of Villa Giusti was signed did Austria-Hungary surrender?
How many months after the Central powers launched a crushing offensive spearheaded by the Germans did Austria-Hungary surrender?
How many fourth downs did the Broncos successfully complete?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many points did the Broncos score on their first possession?
How many quarters did Thomas play in?
How many points did Denver score in the third quarter?
How many total points were scored in the third quarter?
How many total points did the Rams lead with in the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals was Zuerlein responsible for over 50 yards?
How many parliamentary seats did the Democratic Union Coalition NOT win at the 1996 Mongolian legislative election?
How many votes in the Parliament on April 23,1998 out of 67 had made Elbegdorj the Prime Minister?
How many parliamentary seats did the Democratic Union Coalition not win in the 1996 Mongolian legislative election?
How many years were the Democratic Union Coalition of Democratic Party and Social Democratic Party in power?
How many years was Mendsaikhany Enkhsaikhan working as the Prime Minister?
Which chairman served as Prime Minister first, Rinchinnyamyn Amarjargal or Janlavyn Narantsatsralt?
Who served as Prime Minister for a less amount of time,  Elbegdorj or Rinchinnyamyn Amarjargal?
How many more months did Rinchinnyamyn Amarjargal serve as Prime Minister compared to Janlavyn Narantsatsralt?
How many parliamentary seats did Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj lose in 1996?
How many parties were in power from 1996-2000?
How many days after Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj was elected chairman of the Democratic Union coalition was he replaced by Janlavyn Narantsatsralt?
How many days did Rinchinnyamyn Amarjargal serve as prime minister?
How many years was the Democratic Union Coalition of Democratic Party and Social Democratic Party in power?
How many years was Mendsaikhany Enkhsaikhan Prime Minister?
Who was Prime Minister first, Mendsaikhany Enkhsaikhan or Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj?
Which men serves as Prime Minister from 1996 to 2000?
How many years did Rinchinnyamyn Amarjargal  serve as Prime Minister?
What year was the Battle of Damghan where ashraf was defeated?
When did the first event happen?
What year did the second event happen?
What happened first, Mirwais death or Abdul Aziz succeeding?
How many years did Mirwais Hotak's revolution succeed?
How many years did the Hotak dynasty last?
What happened first: Mirwais died or Abdul Aziz succeeded?
How many years did these events span for?
How many years did the Hotak dynasty last?
How many years after Mirwais Hotak established the Hotak dynasty did he die?
How many years did the Hotak dynasty last for?
How many years after the Hotak dynasty was established by Mirwais Hotak did he die?
How many years was Hussain Hotak the ruler of the Hotak dynasty?
Who was the 3rd ruler of the Hotak dynasty?
How many years did the Hotak dynasty last?
How many years after the Battle of Damghan did Nader Shah defeat Hussain Hotak during the long siege of Kandahar?
How many years after the Hotak dynasty was founded did the Battle of Damghan take place?
Which sectors contributed more than 20% to the GDP in 2006?
How many years did Paraguay suffer from an economic crisis?
Which sector contributed the most to the GDP in 2006?
Which sector contributes the least amount to the Paraguayan economy?
Which sector contributes more to the economy of Paraguay, farming or commerce?
How many years did the Paraguayan economy grow between 2.9 and 4.1% per year?
Which year saw a larger growth, 2006 or 2007?
Which contributes less to the GDP - farming or commerce?
How many more percentages does farming contribute to the GDP than commerce?
Which contributes more to the GDP, industry or other services?
How many few percentages does industry contribute to the economy than other services?
Which sector contributes the highest percentage to the GDP?
Which sector contributes the lowest percentage to the GDP?
How many years did the economic crisis last in Paraguay?
In 2007, which was higher, growth or inflation?
Which was higher in 2007, external foreign exchange reserves, or the foreign official debt?
How many more millions in US dollars was the foreign official debt than the external foreign exchange reserves?
Which area had the second highest contribution in percentage to Paraguay's economy?
Did Paraguay's economy grow faster in 2008 or in 2007?
How many catches did Heller have?
How many field goals did Wilkins have?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many Spanish captains visited the coast of Northern African to look for locations for the Spanish to take over?
What happened first, the Treaty of Alcáçovaz or The Conquest of Melilla?
How many years passed from the Fall of Granada until Pedro Estopiñán conquered the city?
Which event happened first, Treaty of Alcáçovaz or Fall of Granada?
Which happened first, the fleet being sent by the Duke of Medina, or the Conquest of Melilla?
Which happened first, the Fall of Granada or the COnquest of Melilla?
How many Spanish captains visited the coast of Northern Africa?
Which occurred first, the Treaty of Alcáçovaz, or the conquer of Melilla?
What happened first: The Conquest of Melilla or Treaty of Alcáçovaz?
What happened second: The Conquest of Melilla or Treaty of Alcáçovaz?
How many years after the Fall of Granada did the Conquest of Melilla occur?
How many years after the Treaty of Alcáçovaz did the Conquest of Melilla occur?
Who threw the most passing yards of the game?
How many yards did the Jets have in total for the game?
Which team was losing at halftime?
How many touchdowns did Geno Smith throw?
Who was the leading rusher for the Jets?
Which team failed to convert a two-point conversion attempt?
How many field goals did Nick Folk have in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski have?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
Which Jets' player scored a rushing touchdown?
Which Jets' player had a touchdown reception?
How many points did the Jets lose by?
How many total points were scored?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
Which player had two first half touchdowns?
How many more yards of offense did the Jets have than the Patriots?
How many rushing yards did NY have?
How many rushing attempts did Chris Johnson have?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
What was the score at the start of the 4th quarter?
What was the score at the start of teh 2nd quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
What is the Steelers record?
Which team scored more points, Dolphins or Steelers?
How many field goals were kicked that were under 28 yards?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many field goals of at least 25 yards were made?
Which players caught the two shortest touchdown receptions?
How many yards were accumulated on the shortest rushing and shortest passing touchdowns?
Which players caught the two longest touchdown receptions?
How many yards were accumulated on the longest passing touchdown and the longest defensive touchdown when combined?
How many yards of differential separated the longest passing touchdowns and the longest defensive touchdown?
How many yards did Caleb Sturgis accumulate on his two longest field goals?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half compared with the first half?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were scored?
Which players scored touchdowns from 4 yards?
How many yards of field goals did Sturgis make?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Who threw the fifth longest TD pass?
How many total yards did Caleb Sturgis kick on field goals?
How many points did the Ravens score in the first half?
How long was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots score in the first quarter?
Which team got more points in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did the Patriots score?
How many yards was Gostkowski's shortest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards shorter was Mark Sanchez's first touchdown run compared to Tom Brady's first touchdown pass?
How many more yards did Tom Brady gain on passing touchdowns compared to Mark Sanchez?
How many yards long was the average touchdown pass in this game?
How many total yards were gained on all passing touchdowns?
How many more yards were gained on passing touchdowns compared to all other touchdowns scored?
How long were each of Rob Gronkowski's touchdown receptions?
How many total yards of field goals did Stephen Gostkowski make?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards were made in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Tom Brady make?
How many more touchdown passing yards did Tom Brady make than Mark Sanchez?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's longest touchdown pass than Mark Sanchez's longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored a touchdown in third quarter?
How many more yards was Shayne Graham's second field goal over his first one?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who was the only player to score in the third quarter?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
Who caught the only TD pass of the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many is the number of years from when Nobutsunu received the court title of Izu no Kami to when he became daimyo?
How many is the number of years from when Nobutsunu was born and when he became daimyo?
HOw many is the number of years from when Nobutsunu was born to when he was adopted?
How many is the number of years from when Nobutsunu was adopted to when he received the court title of Izu no Kami?
How many is the number of years from when Nobutsunu was adopted to when he became daimyo?
How many years old was Nobutsuna when he was adopted?
After receiving the title of Izu no Kami, how many years passed before Nobutsuna became Daimyo?
Who was the nephew of Matsudaira Masatsuna?
How many years after being born was Nobutsuna given the court title of Izu no Kami?
How many years passed between his birth and when Hitsatsuna was adopted?
How many years after receiving the title of Izu no Kami was he promoted again?
How many titles did Nobutsuna have before 1633?
Who did Iemitsu admire?
How many years old was Nobutsuna when he was adopted as the heir of his uncle?
Which happened first, Nobutsuna was born or he received the court title of Izu no Kami?
Ōkōchi Hisatsuna was whose father?
How many shoguns were there before Ietsuna?
How many years old was Nobutsuna when his uncle adopted him?
What was Nobutsuna first, a hatamoto, or a daimyo?
How many years after receiving the title Izu no Kami did Nobutsuna become a daimyo?
How many years after becoming a daimyo did Nobutsuna take command of the allied armies?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a household?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a male?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a female?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than per capita?
How many more dollars a year does a male bring in a year than a female?
How many more dollars a year does a male than per capita?
How many more dollars a year does a female than per capita?
How many percent of families are not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people of the population are not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people under the age 18 are not below the poverty line?
How many percent of of those aged 65 or over are not below the poverty line?
Which makes more a year, Male or female?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for females working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many percent of the population is not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of families is not living below the poverty line?
Was the median income higher for a family or for a household?
Was the median income higher for males or females?
How many dollars higher was the median income for males compared to females?
Which group had a higher percentage below the poverty line, under age 18 or age 65 or over?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, did not live below the poverty line?
How many people age 65 or older, in terms of percentage of that age group, did not live below the poverty line?
How many years was it between when John was born and when he was sworn heir to the throne?
How many years was it between when John was born and when his sister was born?
How many yeears was John's sister Empress Consort of the Holy Roman Empire?
How many years it between when John was born and when he was given his own house?
How many years after John was born was he sworn in?
How many years old was John when he was given his house?
How many years after John was given his own house did he marry?
How many years older  much older was Johns wife compared to him?
How many years after John was sworn in did he marry?
Who was Eleanor of Austria's mother?
How many years old was John when his sister Isabella was born?
How many years old was JOhn when he was sworn heir to the throne?
How many years old was John when he was given his own house?
What year was Eleanor of Austria born?
Who was John's dad?
Who was born first, John or Maria of Aragon?
How many years was Isabella of Portugal the Empress Consort of the Holy Roman Empire?
Who was Isabella's brother?
Who was Elanor of Austria's mother?
How many years old was John when he was given his first house?
who was the Portuguese humanist that helped to educate  John
what was the name of the Bishop that helped to educate Jogn at the time?
What was the longest rushing TD of the game?
How many total touchdowns did Westbrook have?
How many rushing touchdowns did Michael Robinson have?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score in the first quarter?
Who had the only defensive touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
In which quarter were the first points scored?
How many yards shorter was Donovan McNabb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Michael Robinson have in the second half?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were there?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
Which players scored touchdowns from one yard out?
In which quarter did only one team score?
In which quarter was only one touchdown scored?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first half or the second half?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many awards did the novel Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum win?
How many characters does the novel have?
How many generations of characters are there in the novel?
How many families belonging to Malabar were there?
Which event happened first winning of the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award, or the Asan Centenary Award?
Which events triggered the development of Mygurudu, a Malayalam-based secret language?
How many days did the Battle of Syrjäntaka last?
How many days did the Battle of Syrjäntaka take place?
How many months did the offensive against Helsinki last?
How many days did the battle in Tuulos last?
How many months did the Finnish Red Guards general offensive last?
Who was commander first, Eero Haapalainen or Ali Aaltonen?
How many months was Eero Haapalainen the commander?
How many days were the Bolshevik triumvirate the commanders?
Who was a commander last, Eino Rahja or Ali Aaltonen?
How many days did the Battle of Syrjäntaka last?
Which team scored first?
Who scored two one-yard rushing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Dallas Clark have?
Which team scored the final TD of the game?
How many one-yard touchdowns were scored?
How many TD passes were completed from Peyton Manning to Dallas Clark?
Who scored the shortest TD run?
Who scored the only field goal over 45 yards?
Who scored the only field goal under 40 yards?
How many more points was Bironas' longest field goal than his shortest?
What was the treaty after Magnus was slain?
Anna of Saxe-Wittenberg was the child of who?
What was the name of Margareta of Saxony's sister?
Who would the land go to first?
What event happened first, Duke Magnus was killed or Albert of Saxe-Luneburg married Catharina?
How many years apart was Albert of Saxe-Luneburg marriage to Catharina and the two underage sons marrage?
Who was married first Albert of Saxe-Lüneburg married Catharina or the two still underage sons?
How many years Duke Magnus killed in battle until the rule of Principality was revert to the Ascanians?
Who died first: Duke Magnus or Albert?
Who died last: Duke Magnus or Albert?
Who died first: Wenceslas or Duke Magnus?
Who died last: Wenceslas or Duke Magnus?
How many years was it between the Gallup poll and when there were 7314 international students of Thai origin studying in the United States?
How many years was it between the Gallup poll and the Global Opinion Poll?
How many years was it between when there were 7314 international students of Thai origin studying in the United States and the Global Opinion Poll?
How many years was it between the first bilateral relations between Thailand and the United States and the Global Opinion Poll?
How many years happened between the two Gallup polls?
How many years were there between the first relations between Thailand and the United States and the first Gallup poll?
How many years of relations of U.S and Thailand began in 1818 till 2013 Thais international students studying in U.S?
How many percentage points separated Thais that approved and disapproved of U.S. leadership under the Obama Administration?
How many foreigners pursuing higher education in America were not of Thai in origin, in percentage?
Which poll stated that a larger percentage of Thais have a favorable view of the US, the 2012 Gallup or the 2014 Global Opinion Poll?
How many percentage points did the Thai's approval of the US increase from 2012 to 2014?
How many percent more Thais had a favorable view of the U.S. in 2014 than did of its leadership in 2012?
How many percent of Thais in 2012 were either uncertain or disapproving of Obama's leadership?
Was more of Thailand's population uncertain or disapproving of the Obama Administration?
Which team scored more first quarter touchdowns?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
How many more TD passes did Smith have than Walter?
How many total touchdown passes were thrown?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards were made?
How many total yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick for in the 1st half?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught  the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the 1st quarter?
How many field goals were made in the 2nd  quarter?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Who did the 49ers lose to before playing this game in Week 5 of the season?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Alex Smith's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Alex Smith or Marques Tuiasosopo?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did Houston by?
How many first half turnovers were there?
Who took advantage of Burma in 1851?
When did the British take Prome?
How many years were between the British Invasion and the guerilla uprising?
How many days passed between Dalhousie increasing the demand to 100,000 pounds sterling and the British navy invading Rangoon?
How many attacks did it take for the Burmese to be defeated?
How many British attacks did Burma withstand?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game, Plaxico Burress or Kevin Dockery?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Giants  lead by at halftime?
How many years did it take for the armies to meet?
How many countries were at war?
Which was to happen first?
Which country was neutral?
Feldzeugmeister Pál Kray led how many men from the Electorate of Bavaria and the Duchy of Württemberg?
Feldzeugmeister Pál Kray led how many men from the Electorate of Bavaria and the Archbishopric of Mainz?
Feldzeugmeister Pál Kray led how many men from the Electorate of Bavaria and the County of Tyrol?
How many of Feldzeugmeister Pál Kray's troops were not deployed east of Lake Constance to protect the Vorarlberg?
Which areas did Feldzeugmeister Pál Kray's force include soldiers from, other than Austria?
Which area outside Austria had the least men participate in Kray's force?
How many more men arrived from the Electorate of Bavaria than from the Archbishopric of Mainz?
Which area made up more of Kray's force, Duchy of Württemberg or County of Tyrol?
Did Pál Kray's army have more men from the Electorate of Bavaria or  the County of Tyrol?
Were fewer men deployed east of Lake Constance or in the L-shaped angle where the Rhine changes direction from a westward flow along the northern border of Switzerland to a northward flow along the eastern border of France?
How many touchdowns did the Raiders score during the first half?
How many points were the Raiders ahead by at the half?
How many yards was the longest play?
How many passes did Michael Crabtree receive?
Who scored the most touchdowns?
Which quarterback threw two interceptions?
How many points were the Raiders leading by at the half?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many points were the Raiders leading by at halftime?
How many yards was Crabtree's longest touchdown catch?
How many losses did the Raiders have after the game?
Which team trailed by at least 10 points?
Which player had the last touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Browns score in the second half?
How many points did the Dolphins score in the second half?
Which team scored the most points in in the first half?
How many fumbles did Tannehill have?
Which team scored the least touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
How many field goal attempts did Cody Parkey miss?
How many points did the Browns score in the second half?
How many field goals did Cody Parkey miss?
Which team scored less in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Lions winning by at halftime?
Which team had less points at halftime?
How many points did the Lions lose the game by?
How many people did the Lions fire the day after the game?
How many years total did the Fox Wars span?
Fox Wars were two conflicts between the French and the Fox Indians for about how many years?
How many years did the Fox Wars last?
What is the Great Lakes region known as today?
What was Michigan known as in the year 1714?
What happened first, the first Fox War or the second Fox War?
What happened second, the first Fox War or the second Fox War?
Who ran a slave trade?
How many years did the Fox Wars last?
How many years did the Fox Wars last?
Who were the enemies of the Fox Indians?
How many years did the Fox Wars span?
How many years did the conflicts occur between the French and the Fox Indians in the Great Lakes?
How many years did the Fox Wars last?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last field goal of the game?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
Which team left the game winless for the season?
Which team won the game?
Which team lost the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Turner's longest touchdown run from his shortest?
How many touchdowns did Michael Turner score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were thrown in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Matt Ryan's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did Atlanta score in the first and second quarters of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many years after the Burmese army provoked a mutiny did the Lan Na rebellion take place?
How many months after Lan Na rebellions started did the Burmese armies get stuck in Siam?
How many years between when Hsinbyushin suffered a fatal illness and Lan Na was on the Siames camp?
How many wars diminished the Burmese army?
How many country was the Burmese formally in war with?
How many months passed between the start of the 1775 Lan Na rebellion and the withdrawal of troops from central Siam?
What was the starting year for Toungoo to turn its attention to conquering Arakan?
What was the final year for Toungoo to turn its attention to conquering Arakan?
What was the starting year for Toungoo to turn its attention to conquering Siam?
What was the final year for Toungoo to turn its attention to conquering Arakan?
What happened first: Sawlon II sent Sithu Kyawhtin or fall of Pagan Empire?
What happened second: Sawlon II sent Sithu Kyawhtin or fall of Pagan Empire?
How many years did Toungoo counquer Arakan?
How many years did Toungoo counquer Siam?
For how many years did Toungoo try to conquer Arakan?
For how many years did Toungoo try to conquer Siam?
In what month did Hkonmaing die?
How many years did Toungoo play to conquering Arakan?
How many years were the Toungoo involved in conquering Arakan?
How many years were the Toungoo involved in conquering Siam?
Which location did the Toungoo begin to conquer first, Arakan or Siam?
In what year did the Toungoo's conquering of Arakan and Siam overlap?
Who did Sawlon II of Mohnyin want on the throne in Ava, Hkonmaing or Sithu Kyawhtin I of Salin?
Who held the throne of Ava later, Sithu Kyawhtin I of Salin or Sawlon II?
Who ruled first, Hkonmaing, o Narapati III?
Who was the father of Narapati III?
Which city did Toungoo conquer last, Arakan or Siam?
How many years did it take to conquer Arakan?
How many months after Sawlon II sent Sithu Kyawhtin with an army did Hkonmaing die?
How many years total did Toungoo turn it's attention to conquering Arakan and Siam?
Where did Toungoo turn its attention to conquering first, Arakan or Siam?
How many years did Toungoo take to conquer Arakan?
How many months after Sawlon II sent Sithu Kyawhtin with an army to occupy Sagaing did Hkonmaing die?
how many yards did janikowski kick?
how many yards did ford pass?
how many yards did campbell throw?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick?
Which team scored first?
Who kicked a field goal in the first half?
How many receptions did Tony Gonzalez have?
How many points were scored in overtime?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were scored in the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the second half?
Which players scored the first and last touchdowns of the first half?
Who had the largest amount of men in their group to fight?
How many leaders led the second force to flank them from the rear?
How many men in total did Hideyori plan a hammer-and-anvil operation for?
How many men difference was there between the men who would attack the center of the Eastern Army and the second force led by Kyōgoku Tadataka, Ishikawa Tadafusa, and Kyōgoku Takatomo, who would flank them from the rear?
What was the 49ers record after losing this game?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers make after halftime?
How many points did the 49ers lead by at halftime?
Which team fell behind in the first half?
Which team allowed the least points in the second half?
How many losses did the 49ers have coming into this game?
How many games in a row had the 49ers lost before this game??
Which team got the ball second in OT?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many points were the 49ers ahead by the start of the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Chargers trailing by at halftime?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the second half?
Which kicker attempted a field goal over 59 yards?
How many turnovers did the Patriots have?
Who missed 3 field goals?
How many touchdowns did Doug Martin score?
Did the Treaty of Altranstädt occur before or after Augustus II was dethroned?
Which event happened first, the Battle of Pultusk or the Battle of Klissow?
Which Battle occured first, the Kissow or Pultusk?
How many years passed between the Battle of Klissow and the Battle of Fraustadt?
How many months did the Fourth Enemy Offensive take place over?
What was the Battle of Sutjeska called by Yugoslav historiography?
How many months did it take Axis forces to push the Partisan troops into retreat?
How many weeks were there between the occupation of south-west Serbia and the first negotiations between the Germans and Partisans?
Which German offensive was considered to be the Fifth Enemy Offensive?
Which key officer was left out of the negotiations at Zagreb?
How many anti-Partisan offensives took place in 1943?
Which event happened first, Negotiations between Germans and Partisans or the Bulgarian 1st Army occupied south-west Serbia?
Which proposal included the exchange of prisoners, first, second or third?
Which proposal included political questions, second or third?
How many countries were not giving aid to the National Liberation Movement ?
How many people went to Zagreb to continue negotiations?
How many names were given to Fourth Enemy Offensive?
Which team won this game?
How many times did Tampa Bay score in the second half?
How many wins does Tampa Bay need in the final three weeks of the season to clinch the NFC South division?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did Houston lead by at the end of the first half?
How many points did Houston win the game by?
How many touchdown were scored during the game?
How many touchdowns were thrown in the game?
What was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who had two receiving touchdowns?
How many interceptions were returned for a touchdown?
Who returned the most interceptions?
Who scored the only points in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What all touchdowns did Steve McNair make?
What all touchdowns did Drew Brees make?
How many touchdown passes greater than 25 yards did Drew Brees make?
Which players scored touchdowns off of interceptions?
Which players that scored touchdowns were rookies?
Which players that scored touchdowns were not rookies?
Which player received the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes did Brees throw in the fourth quarter?
How many yards for touchdowns did Brees throw for in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were missed in the game?
How many interceptions were thrown in the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many players scored rushing touchdowns?
How many yards separated the longest touchdown from the second longest touchdown?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which player caught the most interceptions?
Which team had more rushing touchdowns?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the difference between the first Seahawks touchdown and the first Eagles touchdown?
How many yards were Hasselbeck's first two TD passed combined?
How many more touchdowns did Hasselbeck throw than Feeley?
Which player had the second longest touchdown of the game?
Which players had rushing touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdowns between 25 and 45 yards were made?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown run?
How many total yards did the Eagles have on touchdown runs?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have in the first quarter of the game?
How many touchdowns were there in the first half of the game?
How many more times as massive is Gamma Velorum than it is wide?
How many years was between the war being in stalemate and Henry sending the Earl of Hertford to Calais?
How many years was between the war being in stalemate and the Treaty of Ardres being signed?
How many years was between Henry sending the Earl of Hertford to Calais and the Tready of Ardres being signed?
How many years was between the war being in stalemate and the last point when Henry retained Boulogne?
Which happened first, a stalemate in the war, or the Earl of Hertford going to Calais?
How many days passed between the resumption of negotiations and the Treaty of Ardres?
How many men acutally signed the Treaty of Camp?
How many rulers tried to break the deadlock?
How many months passed between the Earl of Hertfod going to Calais and the Treaty of Ardres?
How many signed the Treaty of Ardres?
How many days did the two sides negotiate before signing the Treaty of Ardres?
How many months after the stalemant in September 1545 did negotations begin again?
How many days did it take for the negotiations to lead to a treat?
What was the city of Boulogne worth?
How many months after Henry sent the Earl of Hertford to Calais was  the Treaty of Ardres signed?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many passes did Rob Gronkowski catch?
How many yards was Ryan Tannehill's longest touchdown pass?
What all field goals did Caleb Sturgis attempt?
What all touchdowns did the Patriots make?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were ran in?
How many touchdowns were ran in during the game?
How many passes did X receive?
In which quarter did the teams both score the same number of field goals?
How many passes did X receive?
How many more yards was Garrard's first TD pass over his second one?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many yards longer was Garrard's longest TD pass over Roethlisberger's longest one?
How many yards longer was Roethlisberger's longest TD pass over his shortest one?
Which team lost to the Patriots in week 14?
Who scored the first points for the Jaguars?
Who scored the longest TD?
Which team scored the 2 point conversion?
How many losses did the Steelers come into this game with?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the first half?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first half?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the fourth quarter?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second half?
How many TD passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in total?
How many TD passes did Garrard throw in the second quarter?
How many yards did Garrard complete?
how many yards did garrard fall behind?
how many yards did williams pass?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete?
how many yards did ward pass?
how many yards did taylor score at?
how many yards did scobee nail?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete?
How long was the longest scoring field goal kick for the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored more field goals, Olindo Mare or Kris Brown?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick in the second quarter?
Which team took the lead in the fourth quarter?
Who took the Titans' lead?
How many games the Raiders played?
When Tennessee made the only score of the period?
Which team kicked the shorter field goal in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many of Janikowski's field goals were 50 yards or longer?
What all field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
What all field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many yards total were Sebastian Janikowski's field goals total?
Who scored the only field goal under 30 yards?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and shortest field goals scored?
How many field goals under 40 yards were scored before the second quarter?
How many yards were Sebastian Janikowski's two shortest field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many total field goal yards were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make than Rob Bironas?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than Rob Bironas' longest field goal?
How many included cities joined the confederacy within 40 years?
How many years did it takes Confederates renewed to Forest Cantons ?
In which year Confederates renewed and Forest Cantons?
How many years passed between the initial oath of alliance and the renewal of the oath?
How many years did the oath of alliance last until it was renewed in 1315?
The isolated Forest Cantons negotiated a ten-month truce with the Habsburgs how many years after the Confederates renewed the oath of alliance?
The original oath of alliance was how many years before the Battle of Sempach?
How many years before the peace ended with  the Habsburgs did the isolated Forest Cantons negotiated a ten-month truce with the Habsburgs?
the isolated Forest Cantons negotiated a ten-month truce with the Habsburgs how many years before the Forest Cantons had made alliances with Bern and Schwyz?
The Forest Cantons had made alliances with Bern and Schwyz how many years after the original oath of alliance?
How many months after the Confederates renewed their oath of alliance did Emperor Louix iV confirm the rights of the Forest Cantons?
The truce that began with the Habsburgs in 13138 last how many years before the battle of Sempach?
How many years after the Forest Cantons negotiated a ten-month truce with the Habsburgs was it before the Battle of Sempach?
How many acts of the Forest of Cantons did Emperor Louis IV confirm?
Who were the Forest Cantons seeking protection from, Glarus or Habsburgs?
How many years passed between an oath of alliance within the Confederacy and the battle in December of 1315?
How many years passed between Emperor Louis IV confirming the rights and privilegs of the Forest Cantons and the Cantons negotiating a ten-month truce with teh Hapsburgs?
How many years was it between Forest Cantons negotiating a ten-month truce with the Habsburgs and the Battle of Sempach?
Where did Skanderbeg's soldiers arrive first, the Black Drin valley or Lower Dibra?
Which commander had more soldiers, Ali Pasha or Skanderbeg?
How many more kilometres long was the plain than it was wide?
What is the other name of the Plain of Torvioll?
Who had more men: Ali Pasha or Skanderbeg?
Who had less men: Ali Pasha or Skanderbeg?
How many more estimated maximum men than minimum men did Murad leave with in 1444?
How many kilometres long and wide was the plain that Skanderbeg chosen?
How many more kilometres long was the plain compared to how wide?
How many kilometres was the plain than it was wide?
What was the name of the plain was chose for battle at the time of the battle?
How many cities did the Spanish take when trying to support the anti-French uprising?
How many das did it take the French to take control of Limbourg?
Which happened first, the catching of Montecuccoli's army, or the death of Turenne?
Who died first, Turenne or Charles IV?
Who died first, Charles IV or Charles V?
Which happened first, Turenne caught Montecuccoli's army or Maastricht sent a garrison to the city of Liège.?
How many months after Charles IV died did his son, Charles V.die?
How many days did the seige last?
Who died first Charles IV or Turenne?
How many months did Charles IV and Turenne die ?
How many days did the French siege of Limbourg last?
Which happened later, the taking of Limbourg by the French or the death of Turenne?
How many years after the The death of João IV was the Battle of the Lines of Elvas?
How many years after a treaty went into effect in Catalonia was the Battle of the Lines of Elvas?
How many more Spanish troops were there in Flanders compared to Extremadura in the 1650s?
How many years was the time span where 29 percent of Spanish defense spending was appropriated for fighting Portugal?
How many in percent of the county according to the census of 2000 weren't irish?
How many in percent of the county according to the census of 2000 weren't english?
How many in percent of the county according to the census of 2000 weren't American?
How many in percent of the county according to the census of 2000 weren't Italian?
How many people, households, and families resided in the county according to the census of 2000?
How many people and households resided in the county according to the census of 2000?
How many people and families resided in the county according to the census of 2000?
As of the 2000 census, did more people consider themselves of Irish ancestry or Italian ancestry?
As of the 2000 census, did more people consider themselves of Irish ancestry or English ancestry?
How many percent of people considered themselves of Irish or English ancestry, in all?
As of the 2000 census, did more people consider themselves of Italian ancestry or English ancestry?
What percentage of people in the 2000 census said they were of German ancestry?
What percentage of people in the 2000 census said they were of English ancestry?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not  German?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent were not  American?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which group from the census is larger: german or irish?
Which group from the census is larger: irish or english?
Which group from the census is smaller: irish or english?
Which group from the census is larger: english or American?
Which group from the census is smaller: english or American?
Which group from the census is larger: german or American?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
How many people and families are in the county according to the census?
How many households and families are in the county according to the census?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: german or irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: german or irish?
Which group from the census is larger: german or english?
Which group from the census is smaller: german or english?
Which group from the census is larger: english or italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: english or italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: german or irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: german or irish?
Which group from the census is larger: german or english?
Which group from the census is smaller: german or english?
Which group from the census is larger: german or American?
Which group from the census is smaller: german or American?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent of people were not german?
How many percent of people were not irish?
How many percent of people were not english?
How many percent of people were not American?
How many percent of people were not italian?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestry made up the least amount of the population?
Which ancestry made up the largest amount of the population?
Which ancestry made up less of the population, Irish or Germans?
How many more Americans were there than Germans, in percentage?
How many ancestry groups made up less than 20% of the population?
Which ancestry made up more of the population, Germans or Americans?
Which ancestry came second in forming most of the population?
How many more households than families were there in the county?
How many percents of people living in the county are not English people?
How many percents of people living in the country are either Americans and Germans?
Are there fewer housing units or households in the county?
How many more households are there than families?
Which group had the largest ancestry, Irish or Americans?
Which group has the fewest percentage of ancestry, English or Americans?
How many more percent of English people than Americans were there?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  American?
How many percent were not  German?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Americans?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
Which group in the county from the census is larger: English or Irish?
Which group in the county from the census is smaller: English or Irish?
Which group in the county from the census is larger: Irish or Americans?
Which group in the county from the census is smaller: Irish or Americans?
Which group in the county from the census is larger: Irish or Germans?
Which group in the county from the census is smaller: Irish or Germans?
Which group in the county from the census is larger: Americans or Germans?
Which group in the county from the census is smaller: Americans or Germans?
How many more English ancestry than Irish in the county?
How many more people in the county than households?
How many more households than families in the county?
Which ancestry had the largest percentage in the county, English or Americans?
How many more percentage did the English have than Americans?
How many housing units are there than families?
Which had the least percentage for ancestry, Americans or Germans?
How many more was the population density than the housing unit density?
How many percent does not have German ancestry?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 15%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census didn't have children under the age of 18?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census weren't headed by married couples living together?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census didn't have a female householder with no husband present?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census weren't classified as non-family households?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census didn't have one or more people under 18 years of age?
How many in percent out of 458,057 households according to the 2010 census didn't have one or more people who were 65 years of age or older?
Which households had the least percentage of the population?
Which housholds had the largest percentage of the population?
How many percent from the census did not have someone 65 or older living in the house?
How many percent did not have children under the age of 18 in the household?
How many percent were not headed by married couples living together?
How many percent of the households were not classified as non-family households?
How many percent did not have a female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have one or more people under 18 years of age
Which type of household had the largest size?
How many percent of households did not have children under the age of 18?
Did more households have a female householder with no male present or were headed by married couples?
How many percent more were classifeid as non-family households compared to married couples?
How many percent of households either had one or more people under 18 or over 65 years old?
Which was larger the average household size or average family size?
Which was smaller, households with one or more children under 18 or households with someone over 65?
Which groups in average were under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-family?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many more percentage had children under the age 18 than had a female householder with no husband?
Which was the largest size in the 2010 census: average household size or average family size?
Which percentage was the smallest in the 2010 census?
How many more percentage for married couples living together than 18 years old?
Which had the smallest percentage in the 2010 census:non-family or children under 18 living with them?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent did not have individuals under 18?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
After the game who was the current leader of the NFC south division?
How many touchdowns did DeAngelo Williams have in the game?
How many total field goals were converted in the first two quarters?
Which player scored the longest touchdown in the first two quarters of play?
How many yards did the firstfirst rushing and first passing touchdowns combine for?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the second two quarters?
How many yards were scored on the last rushing touchdown of the game?
Who had the longest drive?
What was the first score of the game?
How many months was it between Saladin's army capturing Jaffa and Richard departing the Holy Land?
How many months passed between Saladin finalizing a treaty with Richard and Richard departing the Holy Land?
How many months when Saladin army attacked and captured Jaffa to following his defeat at Jaffa?
How many men did Saladin have left when 2000 went to Jaffa by sea and lost 700 men killed due to missiles?
How many more points did Miami score against Dallas?
How many teams finished the 2012 season with a better record than the Mavericks?
How many points did Miami beat Dallas by in their Christmas Day match?
How many of the first 3 games of the playoff season did the Mavericks win?
What year did Dallas see their first loss to the Miami heat during regular season in eight years?
Which team lost the playoff rematch on December 29th?
What was the Maverick's final playoff record?
How many losses did the Mavericks have in January?
How many points did Dallas lose to by the Heat?
By how many points did Miami win against Dallas on Christmas Day?
How many games did the Mavericks lose in January of 2012?
How many teams had a better season than the Mavericks in the 2011-12 season?
How many more games did the Mavericks win than lose in the 2011-12 season?
What was the date when the Mavericks raised their championship banner prior to their Finals rematch with the Heat?
How many games did the Mavericks lose in January of 2012?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
What quarter did both kickers miss a field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were missed in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player cored the first points of the game?
Which kicker had the longer field goal of the game?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 10-yards in length?
How many touchdowns were longer than 20-yards in length?
How many years did these events span
What happened first: the Treaty of Sèvres or the Treaty of Kars?
What happened second: the Treaty of Sèvres or the Treaty of Kars?
How many years between the 11th Red Army cross over into Armenia and the signing of the Treaty of Kars?
How many months after the 11th Red Army crossed over into Armenia did the Bolsheviks and Turkey sign the Treaty of Kars?
Which treaty was signed first the Treaty of Sèvres or the Treaty of Kars?
How many representatives were involved in the Treaty of Kars?
Which treaty came first the Treaty of Sevres or the Treaty of Alexandropol?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked most field goals, Hartley or Stitser?
How many field goals did Stitser make?
Which two players both got two TD runs?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How long was the longest TD pass?
How many TD passes did Brees throw?
Who did the Cowboys lose to?
Who did the Saints play against?
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many yards was the Bengals first reply field goal?
Who made the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was Clint Stitser's first field goal?
How many yards was the second touchdown of the game?
Who is the quarterback of the bengals?
Who is a running back of the bengals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 40+ yard field goals were made?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 50 yards?
Which player scored more field goals, Clint Stitser or Garrett Hartley?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the first field goal of the game than the second?
Which players made the first two scores of the game?
How many yards shorter was Stitser's shortest field goal than his longest?
How many yards longer was Chris Ivory's longest TD run than his shortest TD run?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which team kicked the last field goal?
How many yards longer was Scobee's field goal than Praters?
Whose touchdown pass was longer, Brandon Stokley's or Mercedes Lewis?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
In which quarter was Jones-Drew's touchdown run shorter, the second or the third?
How many yards was Cutler's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did Maurice Jones-Drew have on touchdown runs?
From what distance did two players catch touchdown receptions?
Which players caught 11-yard touchdown receptions?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker made the longer field goal?
What was the first team to score points in the game?
How many points did the Eagles score in the second half of the game?
In which quarter did Matt Ryan throw the most passes?
Who scored more points, Matt Bryant or Michael Vick?
how many points were they winning by in the 3rd quarter?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
how many points was the 15-yard pass worth?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback had more touchdowns?
Who had a rushing and a receiving touchdown?
What players caught touchdowns thrown by Matt Ryan?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
What players threw touchdowns?
How many total yard of touchdowns did Matt Ryan have before halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
Who threw the most touchdown passes in the first half?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the first half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were kicked 30 yards or longer?
How many field goals were kicked shorter than 30 yards?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 30 yards?
What all touchdowns did Matt Ryan make?
What all field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many points did the Eagles score in the second half?
How many years total was Ramon Despuig's reign?
How many months did the French forces hold Mdina before the uprising?
How many months after Mdina was captured by French forces did a Maltese uprising break out?
How many years did it take to build Despuig Bastion?
How many years did it take to build the Despuig Bastion?
Which happened first, Despuig Bastion was built or Malta became a British protectorate?
How many years did Despuig Bastion take to build?
What happened first: Mdina was captured or Għarreqin Gate was opened?
What happened second: Mdina was captured or Għarreqin Gate was opened?
How many years did it take to reconstruct Despuig Bastion?
How many months after Mdina was captured by French forces did a Maltese uprising break out?
On what date did rebels enter the city through a sally port in Despuig Bastion and massacre the garrison of 65 men?
Which age group used more prescription sleep aids, 20-39 age group, or 50-59 age group?
Which age group used the most prescription sleep aids?
Which race group used the most sleep aids?
Which race group used the least amount of sleep aids?
How many points behind were the Steelers at halftime?
How many totla points did the Steelers score?
Who made the shortest fg?
How many touchdowns did the browns score in the second quarter?
Which team allowed the least points?
How many field goals did the Steelers score all game?
How many points did the Steelers score in the second half?
how many points did the steelers score in the first?
how many points did the browns score in the first?
how many yards did crowell run?
how many yards did cameron pass?
how many yards did tate run?
how many yards did cundiff kick?
Which was the only quarter that both teams scored?
In which quarters did the Steelers score?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the second longest?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
Which team failed to score any second quarter points?
How many points behind were the Steelers at the final?
Which player scored the last points for the Steelers?
Which quarter had only one score?
Which player scored the last points for the Browns?
How many field goals did the Steelers score in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did James Jones catch?
How many sacks did the Packers defense have?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the first TD pass of the game?
How many points did Chicago lose by?
How many interceptions did Cutler throw?
How many touchdowns did James Jones have?
Who scored more points, the Bears or the Packers?
Who threw more passes, Aaron Rodgers or Jay Cutler?
Who is the defending league MVP?
Who scored the most points, Aaron Rodgers or Jay Cutler?
In what quarter were the first points scored?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many passes did Jay Cutler throw?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many of Rodgers passes were incomplete?
Which quaterback threw for more yards, Rodgers or Cutler?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many incomplete passes did Aaron Rodgers throw?
Which player caught three touchdown passes from Aaron Rodgers?
Which players had defensive takeaways?
Which player caught an interception?
Which players had turnovers?
Which player made two 34-yard field goals?
Where was the Earl of Northumberland killed?
Which two people were executed in 1572?
Who was executed in 1587?
Which happened earlier, the Ridolfi plot or the execution of Mary, Queen of Scots?
Which earl was Jane Howard's husband?
How many years after the Duke of Norfolk was imprisoned following the Ridolfi plot was he finally executed?
How many years after Elizabeth had James Douglas beheaded at york did she have Mary, Queen of Scots executed?
How many times was the Duke of Norfolk imprisoned before being executed?
How many years after the Duke of Norfolk was imprisoned was he executed?
How many people did Elizabeth bring to trial for treason?
How many times was the Duke of Norfolk imprisoned?
How many times was the Duke of Norfolk pardoned?
Which team scored a field goal on their opening drive?
How many yards did the Patriots get on their opening drive?
How many yards was the touchdown pass to Spiller?
Which Patriot had a 22 yard touchdown run?
How many yards was the field goal that gave the Patriots a 17-16 lead?
How many points were the Patriots leading by in the first half?
How many 39 yard field goals were there?
How many yards was the missed field goal by Rian Lindell?
Who scored the longest field goal?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many points ahead were the Patriots at the end of the first half?
How many total yards were there total across all touchdown passes?
How many yards total were there among all successful field goals?
How many more yards did Brady gain from Tate than Hernandez?
How many points ahead were the Patriots after Moss's 35-yard touchdown from Brady to Moss?
Who tied for the second longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the longer touchdown run, Danny Woodhead or BenJarvus Green-Ellis?
How many total yards worth of field goals did Ryan Lindell kick?
From what distances did Rian Lindell make field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Rian Lindell make?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's first field goal over his third one?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which team scored the last field goal?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were there?
How many total yards did Prater have?
Which kicker had more total yards, Prater of Forbath?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which team won?
By how many points did the Vikings lose?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
What was the first score of the game?
How many sacks were there in the game?
Which kicker had the longest fieldgoal?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which team had the ball when the game ended?
What was the halftime score?
Who had the most receiving yards?
How many yards was the longest pass?
Which quarter did both teams kick a field goal?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many incompletions did Joe Montana record?
How many more touchdowns did Joe Montana throw compared to interceptions?
How many rushing and passing yards did Roger Craig have?
How many more rushing yards did Wendell Tyler have compared to Roger Craig?
How many combined rushing and receiving touchdowns did Wendell Tyler have?
How many of the 49ers five starting offensive linemen did not get selected to play in the Pro Bowl?
How many other teams had more total yards than the San Francisco 49ers on the season?
Did Joe Montana have more touchdowns or interceptions?
How many more touchdowns compared to interceptions did Joe Montana have?
Who had more touchdowns, Roger Craig or Joe Montana?
Who caught more passes, Roger Craig or Wendell Tyler?
Did Roger Craig have more yards from passes or from rushing?
Who had more rushing yards, Roger Craig or  Wendell Tyler?
What two players both had 7 rushing touchdowns?
Who had more touchdowns, Earl Cooper or Roger Craig?
How many incompletions did Joe Montana record?
How many more touchdowns did Joe Montana have compared to interceptions?
How many more rushing yards did Wendell Tyler have compared to Roger Craig?
How many total rushing and receiving yards did Roger Craig have on the year?
How many more rushing touchdowns compared to receiving touchdowns did Wendell Tyler have?
How many incomplete passes did Joe Montana record?
How many more touchdowns did Joe Montana have compared to interceptions?
How many rushing and recieving yards did Roger Craig have?
How many more receiving yards did Roger Craig have compared to rushing yards?
How many more touchdowns were scored by Joe Montana than by Roger Craig?
How many of the 432 completions did Montana not complete?
How many more touchdowns than Earl Cooper did Joe Montana score?
What were all the 49er rushers that rushed for 7 touchdowns?
What did Turner get a touchdown?
What happened with Douglas' return?
How many 23-yard field goals were kicked?
Which team did the Broncos beat in week 11?
Which team got on the board first?
Which player scored first in the second quarter?
How many yards was Atlanta's first quarter TD?
Which team allowed the least first half points?
How many of the 4 field goals were by John Kasay?
How many interceptions were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Robbie Gould or Mason Crosby?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays longer than 30 yards?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many 37 yard field goals did Mason Crosby make?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference exists between Brian Griese's longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How long were each of Brian Griese's touchdowns?
Which players had touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Brian Griese throw for touchdowns?
Which player kicked multiple 37-yard field goals?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many yards was the game's final touchdown?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many total yards of field goals did Blair Walsh kick in the first half?
What Vikings had receiving touchdowns?
How many total yards off of touchdowns did Matthew Stafford have?
Which players threw multiple touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which quarter had the longest field goal?
Were there more field goals kicked in the first half or second half?
How many more field goals did Blair Walsh kick than Jason Hanson?
How many yards longer was Blair Walshes' first field goal than Jason Hanson's field goal?
Which quarter of the first half did only one team score?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored during the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team scored last in the second quarter?
How many points seperated the teams at halftime?
Which team scored the only field goal of the game?
How many yards was Garrad's touchdown pass in the third quarter at?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the winning field goal at?
Who had the first touchdown catch for the Colts?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown runs were scored in the game?
Which player had the most rushing touchdowns?
Which player scored the winning points of the game?
Which quarterback had the longer touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first two quarters?
How many points did the Jaguars have at the beginning of the 3rd quarter?
How many touchdown passes were thrown of more than five and less than 15 yards?
Which players threw at least two touchdown passes?
What was the tied score at halftime?
Who scored the touchdowns that put the Jaguars ahead in the first half?
Who ended the Jaguars' lead with a 7-yard touchdown?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored before halftime?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Joseph Addai have?
How long was the second longest passing touchdown?
How many touchdowns between 5 and 10 yards were made?
Which player had a rushing and a receiving touchdown?
What was the second shortest touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did the Bolts accumulate in the third quarter?
Which team scored first?
What ruling did the Chargers challenge in the first quarter?
Who won the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Cutler throw during the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Scheffler's second touchdown pass than his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
how many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the shortest rushing touchdown?
How many yards were scored on the three longest touchdown plays?
How many yards were scored on the three shortest touchdown plays?
How many touchdown plays longer than 50 yards were scored?
How many touchdown plays shorter than 5 yards were scored?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown throw?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more field goal yards did Nate Kaeding make than Matt Prater?
What was the last team the Rangers played in the playoffs?
How many players did the Rangers extend contracts with in the 2014-15 season?
Which teams did the Rangers beat in the playoffs?
Who won Game 7 of the 2015 Eastern Conference Final?
When did the Rangers first lose a Game 7 at home?
How many more wins than losses did the Rangers have in the 2014-2015 season?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal Prater made and the number of yards of the TD run Tebow made?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal Prater made and the number of yards of the interception return TD Goodman made?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal Prater made and the number of yards of the second field goal Folk made?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many more yards of field goals did Folk kick compared to Prater?
How many more touchdowns were there than field goals?
How far was Goodmans intercepted touchdown run for?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player ran for the only touchdown in the game?
How many yards longer was the first field goal kicked when compared to the second?
How many yards did the first two field goals combine for?
How many yards were scored on all field goals during the game?
How many yards does the mean value for all field goals measure?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the longest defensive touchdown?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards per play were gained on the last Broncos drive?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
Which player scored a defensive touchdown?
Which position scored the first points?
Which team scored the most points in the second quarter?
Which team won in game?
How many field goals were made by Mason Crosby in the whole game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which reciever caught the longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns did Greg Jennings Catch?
How many touchdowns did Kansas City score in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did Larry Johnson have?
Who played in Arrowhead in Week 9?
Who was the first quarterback to beat all 31 teams?
Who was the second quarterback to beat all 31 teams?
Who drew first blood from the Packers?
How many points did Priest Holmes score in the 2 point conversion?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in total?
Which player had a rushing touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many points were the Packers trailing by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many field goals of at least 45 yards were completed?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown score of the game?
How many times did the Bills score in the game?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
How many times did the Bills score in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Rex Grossman throw?
how many yards did Gould kick in the first?
how many yards did the bears pass?
how many yards did Berrian run?
how many yards did Benson pass?
how many yards did Chicago get the third?
how many yards did gould put up for the FG?
how many yards did gould kick?
Which team scored the most in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many total yards were gained on field goals in the first quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Robbie Gould make?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many whales were caught in the 1910s?
How many years were an estimated 1,800–2,000 gray whales were caught over?
How many wins did the Cowboys have to start this game?
Which team allowed the most points at halftime?
Which team lost this game?
Who had the longest reception for a TD?
Which team recovered the fumble?
Who made the last points of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did the cowboys score in the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Rodgers or Kitna?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
In what quarter did the Panthers have three touchdowns?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Who did the Chiefs defeat in their previous game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards in all did Kasay attempt to kick between two field goals?
How many yards was the kick return touchdown?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
How many points were the Bills ahead by in the first quarter?
Who kicked a 42-yard field goal?
What was the score at the beginning of the second quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
Which team scored a touchdown in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
How many total field goals were attempted, both made and missed?
How many field goals between 40 and 49 yards were made?
Which players missed field goals?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many Unsportsmanlike Conduct's did Albert Haynesworth receive?
What was the Cowboy's win/loss ratio after the game?
How long was the touchdown run by Tyson Thompson at the end of the game?
How did the Titans score in the beginning of the game?
How many points more were the cowboys leading by during halftime?
What happened right after Gurode, Haynesworth got flagged for Unsportsmanlike Conduct
How many Unsportsmanlike Conduct penalties did Gurode. Haynesworth get?
who apologized for Haynesworth's actions?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
Which team scored more first half touchdowns?
Who caught the most touchdown passes in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Dallas win b?
How many points did the Titans lose by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
From what distance did Terry Glenn catch two touchdown passes?
Was Smith's touchdown pass shorter in the first quarter or second?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes' longest field goal over Ryan Succop's one?
How many more field goals did Tynes boot over Succop?
How many yards longer was Manning's second touchdown pass to Smith over his first touchdown pass to Smith?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many more touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw over Matt Cassel?
How many total combined yards were Matt Cassel's touchdown passes?
How many total yards passing yards did Eli Manning have to Steve Smith on touchdown passes?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the three longest touchdown passes?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass over the second longest touchdown pass?
Who did Manning throw touchdown passes to?
Which players caught the two shortest touchdown passes?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 20 yards?
Which field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
Which player scored more field goals, Lawrence Tynes or Ryan Succop?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player threw the most touchdown passes over 10 yards?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
How many yards longer was Eli Manning's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 40 yards were made?
How many total field goal yards did Lawrence Tynes kick?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Who had two touchdown receptions?
Which receivers caught touchdown passes from Eli Manning?
How many field goals were made?
How many 53 yard field goals were made?
Who kicked field goals of at least 50 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards were each of Kasay's field goals?
Which players both made a 53 yard field goal?
How long were each of Gould's field goal kicks?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards did Kasay kick in field goals?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run of the game than the shortest?
How many more field goals did Gould kick than Kasay?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were there?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal McManus made and the number of yards in the TD pass Amaro caught?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal Prater made and the number of yards of the TD pass Demaryius Thomas caught?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the field goal Prater made and the number of yards of the TD pass Julius Thomas caught?
How many points were the Jets leading by after the 2 yard touchdown pass to Jace Amaro?
How many touchdowns did Julius Thomas catch?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How much time was left when the Broncos got the ball?
Who passed for a TD right before halftime?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Geno Smith throw in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Geno Smith have?
How many touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw in the third quarter?
Which team scored the last touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many of the Pakistani nationals fighting in Afghanistan were not militants recruited in madrassas?
What group had the most fighters fighting against Afghanistan's anti-Taliban force?
Which groups had over 10000 people fighting against anti-Taliban forces?
How many of the 28000 Pakistani nationals fighting were not militants recruited in madrassas?
How many groups had less than 4000 militants fighting against anti-Taliban forces?
When was Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf Chief of Army Staff?
What happened first, the revolt or a series of epidemics?
How many people dies in the epidemics?
How many total years were the Epidemics known to have occurred in their region?
How many losses in population did the Tepehuan have?
How many years did the Tepehuan suffer a series of devastating epidemics?
How many years after the first epidemic in 1594 did the second epidemic break out?
How many years after the first epidemic in 1594 did the last epidemic begin?
How many epidemics occurred in the region before 1618?
How many people did the Tepehuán and their neighbors lose?
How many known epidemics were known to occur before the revolt in the the Tepehuán region?
How many epidemics suffered by the Tepehuán  lasted ten years?
In which time periods did the Tepehuán suffer an epidemic lasting one year?
Which groups had missionaries rather than military take on most of the responsibility for integrating the Indians into Mexican and Christian society?
How many epidemics occurred between 1594 and 1617?
How many tribes were named that were to have Spain's "peace by purchase" policy applied to them?
Who were the Spanish at war with?
How many years was there in between the first year where epidemics were known to have occurred and the last year?
How many people was the population reduced by from the epidemics?
How many points were the Falcons behind at the start of the fourth quarter?
How many points did Kansas City win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were the Falcons trailing by at the beginning of the fourth quarter?
Which team scored last?
How many touchdowns did the Falcons score in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many points did Kansas City win by?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
Which team scored the first field goal, Steelers or Bengals?
How many total points were score by halftime?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many yards longer was Josh Scobee's first field goal than his second?
How many touchdowns did Rob Gronkowski score?
From what yard line did Tom Brady throw two different touchdown passes?
How many more touchdowns in the second quarter did the Patriots score compared to the Steelers?
How many touchdown receptions did Rob Gronkowski have?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points did were the Steelers trailing by at halftime?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the second quarter?
How many points did Patriots lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
Who asked the Hungarian king for assistance?
Who received no support despite promises made by Corvinus?
Who called for a mobilization that included "not only men of military age, but also of women and of children from the age of twelve up; and included Gypsy slave contingents?
How many men was the difference between the largest and smallest army?
How many people total were estimated in the Letter of Leonardo Tocco?
How many more men is the high end of the estimate of the smaller army to be than the low end?
How many total men did The letter of Leonardo Tocco put the strength of the Turkish Army and the strength of the Wallachian, combined?
How many different weapons were the Turkish army boyars on horseback armed with?
Who did Corvinus promise to help?
Who did Vlad Ţepeş want mobilized?
Which was the larger army, Vlad Ţepeş' or the Turkish Army?
Did the Turkish army have more peasants and shepherds, or boyars?
How many more Turkish than Wallachian troops were there?
Who asked the Hungarian king for assistance?
Which army was smaller, the Turkish or the Wallachian?
Who made up the Wallachian army?
Who had the largest exaggerated strength army: Leonardo Tocco or Wallachian?
How many points did the Titans lead at half time?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player scored the game winning touchdown?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the Titans score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
How many yards was Rob Bironas's longest field goal?
How many yards was Rob Bironas's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
Which two Colts had receiving touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Rob Bironas have?
How many more yards was Vince Young's first touchdown over Peyton Manning's?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of this game?
How many field goals were made?
What did the Redskins Rule state?
What was the shortest TD pass?
Who scored fourth quarter?
Which player had the longest catch of the came?
What was the shortest scoring play of the game?
Which team scored the most touchdowns over the first two quarters?
What was the winning scored?
What was the losing score?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Which team scored more in the fourth quarter?
Which team threw more touchdown passes?
How many field goals did Scobee kick?
How many yards was Scobee's shortest field goal?
How many yards was Josh Scobee's longest field goal?
How many yards was Vinateri's field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first half?
Which Colts receiver had the longest touchdown reception of the first half?
How many yards longer was Andrew Luck's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many different Colts' receivers scored a touchdown pass in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Jaguars score in the first half?
How many field goals longer than 30-yards did Josh Scobee kick?
How many field goals shorter than 30-yards did Josh Scobee kick?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Maurice Jones-Drew's rushing touchdown compared to Andrew Luck's longest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was Josh Scobee's longest field goal compared to Vinateri's only field goal?
Which quarterback threw the least touchdown passes?
How many field goals were scored by both teams combined in the second half?
How many yards longer was Luck's first touchdown pass than his second?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many total yards did Scobee kick for field goals in the second half?
How many yards shorter was Vinateri's field goal kick than Scobee;s longest kick?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second half?
Which team played at home?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team won?
Which team lost, the Colts or the Jags?
By how many points did the Jags win?
By how many points did the Colts lose?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many games did the Bengal's win in total?
Who caught touchdown passes from Michael Vick?
Which players received passes from Michael Vick that resulted in touchdowns?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Michael Vick?
How many points did the Browns score in the first quarter?
Which team lead after the first quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team was ahead in points at the end of the first quarter?
Which team allowed the least points all game??
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many losses did the Browns have to start this game?
Which quarter did only one team score?
Which player had more yards Dawson or Stover?
How many touchdowns were scored between 5 and 15 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passing yards did Boller have?
Which quarterback had more total touchdown passing yards?
How many total yards did Kyle Boller throw for on his touchdown passes?
Which field goals were made by Matt Stover?
How many field goals were less than 30 yards?
What event happened first: the capital being moved or the abolishment of the Sambyeolcho?
What event happened second: the capital being moved or the abolishment of the Sambyeolcho?
When did the Jin Island fall to the combined Goryeo and Mongol army?
When did Bae Jungson die?
How many years did the Mongols diretly control tamna for after the Gorye-Mongol assault?
How many months was it between Jin Island facing food shortages and the court of Kublai Khan's Yuan dynasty called for the Sambyeolcho's surrender?
How many months was it in between the court of Kublai Khan's Yuan dynasty called for the Sambyeolcho's surrender and the Yuan court deciding to crush the rebels?
When did Jin Island fall to the Goryeo and Mongol army?
Where did Wonjong move the capital to by order of the Mongol Court?
How many months after the Goryeo-Mongol assault began did it crush the rebels?
For how many years after the Goryeo-Mongol assault first began did the Mongols directly control Tamna?
How many years did it take for Naval Aviation assets to be transferred to the Air Force?
Which event happened first, reorganization of Russian Naval Aviation or buying Sukhoi Su-30SM?
Which happened first, buying Sukhoi Su-30SM or 100th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment's disbandment?
Which happened first, Russian military reforms or buying new Sukhoi Su-30SM?
How many years did it take after 2008 to fully transfer the Naval Aviation assets to the Air Force?
Which happened first, the 100th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment's disbandment or the merging of air bases into territorially integrated structures?
What three fixed wing strike and fighter aircraft remained as of 2012?
What major military reform occurred in 2008?
Who kicked a 28-yard field goal in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick?
How many points did Kaeding's field goals result into?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards did the two shortest touchdowns add up to?
How many yards did all passing touchdowns combine for?
How many field goals were between 30 and 45 yards long?
How many yards did the two longest field goals combine for?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 10 yards?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the first half?
How many yards each were Tomlinson's TD runs in the second quarter?
How many total yards did Kaeding kick in field goals in the third quarter?
How many yards shorter was the first field goal that Kaeding kicked in the third quarter than the second he kicked in the third quarter?
Which quarterbacks played in the game?
How many points did the Titans score in the first half?
How many points were San Diego winning by at halftime?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding score in the third quarter?
How many points did Tennessee trail by halftime?
How many field goals longer than 28 yards did Nate Kaeding kick?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many of Nate Kaeding's field goals were over 30 yards?
How many quarterbacks were there between each team?
Who scored the last Packers touchdown?
Which team had the lead at halftime?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in between 1 and 10 yards?
How many field goals were kicked in between 30 and 50 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Thomas Jones's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards were Thomas Jones's touchdowns on average?
Who won between the Jets and the Bills?
Which player scored first?
How many yards was the first score of the game?
How many teams scored during the third quarter?
Who won the game?
How many points did the Jets win by?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was Jay Feely's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more Christian lascarins were there than soldiers in Goa?
Were there more soldiers, or armed slaves?
Which were there more of defending Goa - clergymen or retired soldiers?
How many more galleys than foists were patrolling the area?
Which were there more of, clergymen or retired soldiers?
How many more clergymen were there than retired soldiers?
How many more slaves were there than clergymen?
Which were there more of Christian lascarins or slaves?
How many troops did the Christian lascarins and slaves make up combined?
Which were there less of, galleys or foists?
Were there fewer soldiers or Christian lascarins guarding Goa?
Where more slaves or Christian lascarins guarding the city?
How many galleons were at Reis Magos?
How many different groups were defending Goa?
Of the several groups defending Goa, which had the most men?
Were there fewer galleys or small galleys patrollling the Mandovi and Zuari rivers?
How many points did the Buccaneers get on the board with?
How many points did the Saints get on the board with?
Which team was winning at half time?
How many points did New Orleans score on their first possession of the second half?
How many points did both teams have at halftime?
How many wins did Tampa Bay have before this game?
Which team lost this game?
Which team scored first?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
Which team had the lead at halftime?
Which player scored the winning touchdown?
Who caught the longest pass of the first half?
Which player caught the last TD of the game?
How many wins do the Jets have this season?
What quarter did the Dolphins score the most points?
How many touchdowns did Ronnie Brown score?
How many field goals did the Dolphins score in the first half?
How many points did the Jets win by?
How many points were the Jets leading by at the half?
How many yards was Feely's longest first half field goal?
In which quarter did Brown have a longer touchdown run, the first or the fourth?
How many of Brown's touchdowns were running plays, not passing?
How many more field goals did Jay Feely score than Mike Nugent?
Who scored the fewest touchdowns in the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make than Mike Nugent?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than Mike Nugent's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Pennington's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Pennington make?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Jets leading by at the end of the first half?
Which team scored the first points of the second half?
How many points were the Jets winning by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
Were there more field goals kicked in the first half or second half?
Which player had at least two touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which kicker got a 40-yard field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals make in the first half?
How many points did the Cardinals'touchdowns made in the first half result into?
How many field goals did Brown get?
How many points did Brown's field goals result into?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
how many yards did brown get?
how many yards did warner make?
how many yards did fitzgerald pass in the second?
how many yards did brown make?
how many yards did jackson run to the end zone?
How many touchdowns did the Rams score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was Jeff Wilkins longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was Jeff Wilkins shortest field goal?
How many points did the Rams beat Denver by in week 1?
How many points did Jeff Wilkins score in game 1 against Denver?
How many of Jeff Wilkin's six field goals in week 1 were over 50 yards long?
Which team had more touchdowns in week 1, the Rams or Denver?
What was the lowest numbered yard line that Wilkins kicked a field goal from?
What were the lowest 3 yard lines that Wilkins scored a field goal from?
How many total yards did Wilkins have?
How many more yards was Wilkins' longest touchdown compared with his shortest?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Which Rams players have attempted 7 field goals during one game?
How many sacks and turnovers did the Rams defense produce?
How many points did Hewitt win Marcos Baghdatis  in the Third set?
How many points did Hewitt lose in the second set by Tsonga?
How many points did Hewitt beat Klahn in the first set of tennis?
How many points did Hewitt win Matosevic in tennis?
How many points did Hewitt lose by Russell in the second set?
How many points did Russell win Hewitt in the first set?
How many point did Tsonga win from Hewitt in the second set?
Who was forced to retire?
How many sets in a row did Hewitt win against Bradley Klahn?
Which player did Hewitt play against first in 2014, Michael Russell or Marcos Baghdatis?
Which player injured his shoulder?
What body part did Hewitt injure?
Which player won the match between Hewitt and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga?
Who won the match between Hewitt and Baghdatis during 2014 U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships in Memphis, Tennessee?
Which tournament happened first, the Davis Cup or the Delray Beach Tournament?
Who won the match between Hewitt and Bradley Klahn in the Delray Beach Tournament?
Who lost the match between Hewitt and Michael Russell in the Delray Beach Tournament?
What caused the rebellion on February 10th?
How many days after the meeting was the uprising set for?
What region of Chile had a lower amount of abuse going on with the administration of labor, the mainland region or the encomiendas of Chiloé?
When else took place the same year the Huilliches of Chiloé took action against their Spanish lords?
What was the Huilliches catalyst for rebelling?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Who did the peasants rebel against?
Who signed a treaty?
How many total infantry and horseman participated in the suprise attack on Song forces at the Battle of Yancheng?
Which occurred first; the Battle of Yancheng or Yue being ordered by the emperor to return to the Song Court?
How many years passed between Qin Hinbeing promoted and the invasion led by Wuzhu.
How many total infantry plus horsemen where there?
How many years passed from 1138 till Yue was forced to withdraw?
How many more infantry did Wuzhu has compared to horsemen?
How many years after Qin Hui was promoted, did the Battle of Yancheng occur?
What all place had Yue Fei capture more than once?
Which teams scored the first points in the second quarter?
Were more Germans killed or missing in the Balkans?
Which was more, the German casualties in the Balkans, or in Yugoslavia as prisoners of war?
How many in total difference of casualties, German High Command: 24,000 killed, 12,000 missing and German researcher Rudiger Overmans 103,693 and another 11,00 in prisons?
How many killed and missing germans were there in the Balkans?
How many more killed germans were there in the Balkans compared to missing germans?
How many Germans in the Balkans died during the war?
How many more Germans were killed than were missing according to the Times for July 30, 1945?
What was the profession of the person that provided the number of Germans lost in the Balkans during the course of the war?
How many more Germans died in the Balkans according to Rüdiger Overmans than what was listed in Reinecke's documents?
According to German casualty lists, were more Germans killed or listed as missing?
How many fewer were missing than there were killed?
How many more Germans died during the course of the war than died as Yugoslav prisoners of war?
How many completions did Garcia have?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first two quarters?
Which quarterback had more incomplete passes?
How many interceptions came in the last two quarters?
How many passes did Jeff Garcia throw?
How many passes did Manning throw that were not complete?
How many of Manning's passing yards were to players other than Burress?
How many receiving yards did Shockey and Burress have combined?
How many more passing yards did Manning have than Garcia?
How many yards was the difference between the first and last touchdowns?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20 yards were there?
How many touchdowns did Fitzpatrick throw?
Which Bill rushed for 2 touchdowns?
How many points did the Bills score on their first two drives?
How many times have the Bills beaten the Patriots in Gillette Stadium?
How many points behind were the Bills at the half?
Which team scored more points, Bills or Patriots?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many years did the Dano-Hanseatic War last?
When did the Dano-Hanseatic war end?
How many years did the Dano- Hanseatic War last?
How many years did the peace of Vordingborg 1435 last until Eric was dethroned in 1439?
In 1949 how many councils dethroned Eric?
How many cities continued the war and assisted Holstein to conquer Flensburg?
How many years did the Dano-Hanseatic war last?
how many years passed between the time Rostock and Stralsund signed a separate peace agreement and the signing of the peace of Vordingborg?
How many years passed between signing of the  peace of Vordingborg and when Eric was dethroned?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the Dano-Hanseatic War, or the peace of Vordingborg?
What event happened later, the peace of Vordingborg, or the Dano-Hanseatic War?
How many years span these events?
Around how many months do these events span?
What event happened first, the Dano-Hanseatic War or the signing of the peace of Vordingborg?
How many years did the Dano-Hanseatic War last?
How many countries helped in dethroning Eric?
How many years did the Dano-Hanseatic War last for?
What two areas were behind the Dano-Hanseatic War?
What 5 factions worked together to conquer Flensburg in 1431?
How many years after Flensburg was conquered was an armistice agreed to?
In what year was the peace of Stockholm signed?
How many years after Eric signed the peace of Vordinborg was he dethroned by Danish, Swedish and Norwegian Privy Councils?
How many years did the Dano-Hanseatic War last?
Which did Eric sign first, the peace of Vordingborg or the peace of Stockholm?
How many years after the Dano-Hanseatic War began did Holstein conquer Flensburg?
How many countries assisted Holstein in conquering Flensburg?
How many years after the Dano-Hanseatic War ended did Eric get dethroned by Danish, Swedish and Norwegian Privy Councils?
How many passes did derrick mason receive?
How many points did Willis McGahee get in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team lost the overtime toss?
How many points did the Ravens score in the first quarter?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards were each of Flacco's second quarter TD passes?
How many yards were each of Andre Johnson's touchdowns?
How many total yards were both Johnson's touchdowns combined?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first two first quarters compared to the shortest in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first two quarters compared to the second longest in the first two quarters?
How many yards of touchdowns were there in the first two quarters?
How many touchdowns longer than 10 yards were scored in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest in the entire game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest in the entire game?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first two quarters or the last two quarters of non-overtime play?
How many yards longer was Derrick Mason's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many more yards in touchdowns did David Reed have compared to Derrick Mason?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Andre Johnson have compared to Derrick Mason?
Which players scored multiple touchdowns?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many yards did the patriots make it in 6 minutes?
How many touchdowns did Gronkowski score?
How many points in total were scored?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
Which quarterback threw for under 300 yards?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which team scored three times in less than one minute?
How many total points were scored?
How many wins did the Bears come in to this game with?
Which team is Tom Brady playing against in this game?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Who threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Who threw the most TD passes that night?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in total?
What was the longest play of the game?
How many turnovers did McNabb have?
Which team got on the board second?
How many points in total were scored?
How many times did Donovan McNabb turn the ball over?
Which team had the longest touchdown reception?
How many more interceptions did McNabb have than fumbles?
Which players scored touchdowns in the game?
How many successful field goals occured in the 4th quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more interceptions than touchdowns did  Donovan McNabb have in the game?
How many total turnovers did  Donovan McNabb have in the game?
How many yards longer was T. J. Houshmandzadeh's touchdown compared to L.J. Smith's touchdown?
How many yards do T. J. Houshmandzadeh's touchdown and L.J. Smith's touchdown combine for?
How many more wins than losses did the Eagles have after this game?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who did the Redskins defeat prior to playing the Rams?
How many field goals were made?
How many touchdown passes were caught?
How many wins did the Redskins have after losing to the Rams?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes of 10 yards or more did Bulger throw in the 2nd quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
Who scored the game winning TD?
How many 50+ yard field goals were kicked?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
Who ran the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards difference is there between the longest TD run and the shortest TD run?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Marc Bulger throw in the second quarter?
How many NFL games has Manziel won?
How many points did Brees score in the first quarter?
Which team did Billy Cundiff play for?
What position does Justin Gilbert play?
How many touchdowns did Terrence West run for?
Who won the game for the Browns?
Which player was the last to score points?
How many points did the Eagles score?
How many yards longer was the first defensive touchdown compared to the first offensive?
How many points was the differential between the winning and losing teams?
How many yards were gained on offensive touchdowns?
Which player had the longest touchdown catch?
How many more points did the Eagles win the game by than the lead they had after the first quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many touchdowns were further than 25 yards?
How many touchdown passes did Carson Wentz make?
Who threw the most touchdowns?
How many points did The Broncos need to win?
How many points did the Packers lead by in the 2nd quarter?
How many points did Aaron Rodgers score out of the 38 points, for The Packers?
How many touchdowns did Kyle Denver get all together?
How many points did Green Bay win by in the 2010-2011 Super Bowl?
Who threw the most touchdowns?
Who threw the most passes?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many passing attempts did Rodgers have?
How many different Green Bay receivers caught a TD?
How many more touchdown passes did Rodgers have than Orton?
How many more passing yards did Rodgers have than Orton?
How many total touchdown passes were thrown?
How many total points were scored in the Packers and Broncos game?
How many of Rodgers passes were incomplete?
Who had more recieving yards James or Jennings?
Which quarterback threw for more yards, Orton or Rodgers?
Which quarterback threw for the most passing touchdowns, Orton or Rodgers?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many more field goals did Kaeding kicked compared to Hauschka?
How many yards of field goals did Keading kick?
What player kicked the least amount of field goals during the game?
How many touchdowns were made during the game?
Of the six touchdowns how many were due to passing the ball?
How many yards of touchdown runs were there?
How many more yards of touchdown passes were there compared to touchdown runs?
How many total yards were gained on touchdown plays?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
Who kicked the most numbers of field goals?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding boot?
How many yards was Nate Kaeding's shortest field goal?
Other than Kaeding who else booted field goals?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many TD runs did McGahee have?
How many field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Falcons score?
How many people were estimated on the United States Census for the population of Tennessee in 2010?
How many more people increased from migration within the country than from Immigration to the United States from outside the United States?
Did more people immigrate to Tennessee from within the US or from other countries?
How many more people migrated to Tennesse between 2010 and 2017?
Did more people migrate to Tennessee from outside or inside the United States within the 7 year period?
How many people lived in Tennessee according to the 2010 Census?
Were there more births or deaths in Tennessee in the period between the two censuses?
Did the population of Tennessee increase more in the time period mentioned through a natural increase or through net migration?
How many more people immigrated to Tennessee from within the US than from outside the US?
How many more births were there than deaths in TN?
How many years did it take to increase the population of Tennessee by 369,689?
How many percentage points did the population increase by 2017?
What year was the Tennessee population highest: 2010 or 2017?
What was the largest increase in the United States in 2017: immigration or migration?
What was the least increase in the United States: births or deaths?
What year did they have the lest people in Tennessee: 2017 or 2010?
How many people were living in Tennessee in 2010?
How many of the population increase was not attributed to a natural increase?
How many of the population increase was not attributed to net migration?
How many of the population increase was not attributed to immigration to the United States from outside the United States?
What all was attributed the the population increase from 2010 to 2017?
How many touchdowns did the Bears get in the first half?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half of the game?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many TD passes were there in the first quarter?
What was the longest pass in the second quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the least points in the third quarter?
Who had the shortest field goal?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, David Akers or Robbie Gould?
Which players caught a TD pass of at least 20 yards?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Kyle Orton or Donovan McNabb?
How many touchdowns measured between 1 yard and 5 yards long?
How many yards were gained on all passing touchdowns?
Which player had the second shortest touchdown scored?
Which player had the second longest touchdown scored?
How many yards long did the average touchdown measure when all touchdowns are observed?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal kick compared to the longest touchdown scored?
How many field goals measured between 20 yards and 30 yards long?
Which kicker scored the second longest field goal?
How many points did the Steelers trail by after the first quarter?
How many yards was the final field goal of the game?
How many points did Pittsburgh score in the fourth quarter?
How long was the TD pass that tied the game for Pittsburgh?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many more field goals did Boswell kick than Bullock?
How many field goals longer than 35 yards did Boswell kick?
How many yards longer was Bullock's longest field goal over Boswell's longest one?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's longest TD pass over Andy Dalton's longest one?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which players scored at least three field goals?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Chris Boswell kick?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes less than 15 yard were made?
Which field goals did Randy Bullock make?
How many total yards did Andy Dalton throw for touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Randy Bullock's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players kicked the top two longest field goals?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
How many field goals over 35 yards were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Bengals lead by at halftime?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who caught the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who caught the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Who caught the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many field goals were between 30 and 40 yards?
How many total yards did Bullock have?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
Which players had scores from 35 yards out?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was the shortest touchdown pass compared with the longest?
How many years did the East Timorese rebellion last?
Which lasted longer, the first revolt by Boaventura or the second?
Which side had more deaths during the revolt, the Timorese or the Portuguese?
How many Timorese and Portuguese were wounded in total?
How many years longer did Boaventura's first revolt last compared to his second?
How many Timorese and Portuguese were killed in total?
How many years long was the first revolt, led by Dom Boaventura?
How many years long was the second revolt led by Dom Boaventura?
About how many were killed in the third revolt?
How many people were injured in the third revolt?
Who were entered the colonial capital of Dili?
How many years did the East Timorese rebellion last?
Who caused the rebellion revolts?
How many years did the longest revolt last?
How many Timorese and Portuguese were killed and wounded?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team beat the Broncos last week?
How many points were scored at the half?
Which team lost this game?
Which team scored the longer touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Bironas' first half field goal than Prater's first half field goal?
Which team kicked more field goals?
how many yards did orton get for the td
how many yards did prater get?
how many yards did orton complete?
how many seconds did broncos lead with?
how many yards did broncos get in the fourth?
how many yards did mariani kick?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
How many 36-yard field goals did Matt Prater kick?
How many yards was Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
How many yards was Rob Bironas's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the 1st half?
Which quarter had the most field goals scored?
How many yards longer was Young's first touchdown pass compared to Orton's first touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Bironas' first field goal compared with Prater's first field goal?
How many total yards did Prater have?
Which kicker had more total yards?
How many yards did Prater score three exact same field goals from?
In which quarter did each team score a touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first half?
From what yard line were multiple field goals kicked?
How many yards in made field goals did Matt Prater have?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest in the entire game?
How many yards longer was Marc Mariani's touchdown compared to all other touchdowns in the game combined?
How many more yards in made field goals did Matt Prater have compared to Rob Bironas?
How many touchdowns were under 10 yards?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to touchdowns over the entire game?
From what yard lines were the two longest field goals kicked?
Which player scored the winning points of the game?
Which team got a new wide receiver?
Who kicked the winning field goal?
Which player had the game winning score?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop make?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many wins did the Chiefs have before this game?
How many games had Kansas city won that season before playing the Redskins?
How many points did the Chiefs score with under a minute to play in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
From what distance did Ryan Succop kick two field goals?
What was the longest pass of the game?
What was the result of Tamba Hali's sack?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many more field goals did Succop kick than Suisham?
Which player scored safety?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the fourth quarter?
How many wins did this game give the chiefs for the season?
Which player scored the last points of the game for the Chiefs?
In which quarter did the Redskins suffer their first interception?
Which team scored the least first half points?
How many days was it from the time the Pretender landed in Scotland to when he arrived at Perth
How many years was it from the Indemnity Act to when Charles Edward Stuart won the throne?
Which city did Pretender arrive to first, Scotland or Perth?
How many days passed after Pretender wrote a letter to Scotland and left Montrose?
Which Rising happened first, the Jacobite rising with the Spanish support or the Battle of Culloden?
How many days did it take the Pretender to arrive at Perth after landing in Scotland?
How many years passed between James son's attempt to win the throne for him and his death?
How many days passed between the Pretender arriving in Scotland and his arrival at Perth?
How many years after his son attempting to take the throne for him did James die?
How many days did it take the Ptetender to travel from Peterhead to Perth?
Who had more forces, Argyll or the Jacobites?
How many months did the Pretender stay in Perth?
When didMar lead the Jacobites out of Perth?
What date did the Pretender sail from Montrose?
How many months passed between the Jacobites leaving Perth and The Indemnity Act of July 1717?
How many years after Charles Edward Stuart attempted to win the throne for his father in 1745 did he die?
How many days passed between the Pretender landing in Scotland at Peterhead and arriving in Perth?
How many days after the Pretender arrived at Perth did Mar lead the jacobites out?
How many months after arriving in Scotland at Peterhead did the Pretender sail from Montrose?
How many days after the Pretender arrived at Peterhead did it sail from Montrose?
How many years after his son attempted to win him the throne did James die?
How was Charles Edward Stuart's father?
station was silenced with what?
How many radio stations in Taunton?
From 1949 until 2007 which station served?
How many years was Taunton WPEP-AM 1570?
How many cable TV channels does Taunton have?
How many AM radio stations are based in Taunton?
How many cities markets are received over-the-air in Taunton?
How many years was WPEP-AM on the air?
How many high schools broadcast in Taunton?
How many years was Taunton served by WPEP-AM 1570?
How many years was Taunton served by the radio stateion WPEP-AM 1570?
Which two radio stations are based in Taunton?
How many years was Taunton served by radio station WPEP-AM?
Which does WVBF 1530 AM feature early in the day, syndicated feed or local programming?
Who manages WVBF 1530AM, Anthony Lopes or Steven J. Callahan?
Which two people own and manage WVBF 1530AM?
Who was a former host of WPEP, Anthony Lopes or Steven J. Callahan?
How many years did the War of Jenkins's Ear last?
For how many years did the War of Jenkins and the War of the Austrian Succession overlap?
During what years did the War of Jenkins and the War of the Austrian succession overlap?
What happened first, the boarding of Jenkins's vessel or the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
When did the wider War of the Austrian Succession end?
When did the War of Jenkins' Ear end?
How many more years after major operations largely ended did The War of Jenkins' Ear last for?
The British South Sea Company had motive to start conflict for what reason?
Of which did the asiento contract did NOT refer to, the Austrian Succession or the British slave sales in in Spanish America?
How many years did the War of Jenkins' Ear last?
Which two groups used the story of Robert Jenkins to their advantage?
What war was occuring at the same time as the end of the War of Jenkins' Ear?
How many years did the War of Jenkins' Ear last?
How many years after the War of Jenkins' Ear was over was its name given?
What year did Robert Jenkins lose his ear?
How many years after the majority of operations had ended during the War of Jenkins' Ear was it before it officially ended?
How many years did the War of Jenkins' Ear between Britain and Spain last?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish War last?
How many years was it between the time fighting intensified and when a peace agreement was signed?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish War last?
Who faught in the Dano-Swedish war?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish War last?
How many years did the war last?
How many years was the war intensified?
How many countries helped Sweden?
who helped Sweden?
What happened in Malmo?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish war last?
How many years after the Dano-Swedish War started di the fighting begin to intensify?
How many years before the Dano-Swedish War ended did the recently established Danish Navy begin to fight joint Hanseatic-Swedish naval forces at Nakskov and Bornholm?
How many years did it take before a peace agreement was signed in Malmö?
How many years after the start of the Dano-Swedish War did the Danish Navy first fight at Nakskov?
How many years after the start of the Dano-Swedish War did the Danish Navy last fight at Bornholm?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish war last?
What began the war?
How many years did the Dano-Swedish War last?
Which two leaders were revolted against at the beginning of the war?
How many countries in the Kalmar Union were at war for 11 years?
Which forces captured Kalmar and Borgholm?
How many cities saw a battle between the Danish Navy and the Hanseatic-Swedish naval forces?
In 1509 and 1510, which cities were not held by Sweden?
How many years did it take for a peace agreement to finally be signed in Malmo?
which player had the longest field goal?
How many more yards was Folks first field goal to his very last?
which team took home the win?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
How many touchdowns did Miles Austin have/
How many yards was the final field goal of the game?
How many total touchdown passes were there?
Which receiver had the longest touchdown reception?
Which receiver had the most yards?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many goals did Feyenoord players score against PSV?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Matt Ryan make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Tony Romo make?
How many yards longer was Matt Ryan's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Nick Folk kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's second field goal compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Ryan throw in the first quarter?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which touchdown passes did Matt Ryan make?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown during the game?
How many total yards of touchdown runs were there?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning throw?
How many points did the Colts win by?
Which player took over for Peyton Manning?
How many passing touchdowns did the Colts have in the second quarter?
Which players threw at least two touchdowns?
Which players had rushing touchdowns in the second half?
How many touchdowns of less than 10 yards were scored?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Sage Rosenfels throw?
How many yards of distance separated the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many yards of total distance separated the longest field goal and the longest touchdown?
How many total yards were accumulated on all touchdown passes?
How many more yards were accumulated on passing touchdowns relative to rushing touchdowns?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run in this game?
Which player caught the shortest measured passing touchdown in this game?
How many yards long was the mean value for rushing touchdown in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Texans lose by?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the third longest touchdown pass?
How many games did the lions lose in a row?
How many games have the Browns lost?
How many gaves have the Lions lost in a row?
How many games had the Browns won so fat this season after this game?
How many games had the Browns lost in a row?
How many games did the Browns lose in a row at the end of the 2015 season?
How many losses did the Browns suffer for the season at the start of this game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers throw?
How many more yards was Crosby's first field goal over his second?
How many field goals of over 30-yards did Mason Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
Which are there less of, Kurds or Zazas?
Which groups have less than 20,000 people living in Turkey?
How many more millions of ethnic Turks are there than Kurds?
What was the second highest ethhnic group in Turkey?
How many people (in millions) in  Turkey are either, Turks, Kurds or Zazas?
What is the third smallest ethnic group living in Turkey?
Which groups have between 20000 and 75000 people in Turkey?
Are there more Arabs, or more Pomaks living in Turkey?
How many more people (in millions) are members of the largest ethnic group, compared to the second largest?
How many fewer people does the smallest ethnic group in Turkey have compared to the second smallest?
Were there fewer ethnic Turks or Kurds in Turkey?
Were there more Kurds or Zazas in Turkey?
How many people (in millions) were Zazas and Circassians combined?
Which groups had fewer than 19000 people in Turkey?
Which groups had more than 5 million people living in Turkey?
How many more Arabs lived in Turkey compared to Pomaks?
What happened first, Bremen's acceptance as an Imperial city or the Peace of Westphalia?
How many years after the Peace of Westphalia did Sweden attack Bremen?
How many years had Bremen been a Free imperial city according to the Holy Roman Emperor when Sweden attacked?
How many cities successfully became Imperial cities during the negotiations?
How many years was Prince-Archbishop Frederick II, Prince of Denmark in control of Bremen?
How many prince-bishoprics became dominions of Sweden?
Which emperor accepted Sweden's annexation of the prince-archbishopric's territory?
Did Bremen become a Free imperial city before or after the end of the Thirty Years' War?
How many years did the Prince of Denmark officiate for in Bremen?
What happened first: the Thirty Years' War or the Peace of Westphalia?
What happened second: the Thirty Years' War or the Peace of Westphalia?
How many years after the 1648 treaty did Sweden attack?
How many years did the Prince of Denmark officiate?
Of the two prince-bishoprics that were to become dominions of Sweden in 1648, which successfully requested that they become an Imperial city?
How many of the Hanseatic cities successful became Imperial cities?
How many years after Ferdinand III accepted Bremen as a Free imperial city did Sweden, which had never accepted Bremen's Imperial immediacy, attack in?
Which quarterback scored first?
Which team allowed the least points?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What distance are both of the two shortest field goals made?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at halftime?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
What was the score at the end of the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bengals at halftime?
how many yards did gresham catch?
how many yards did green catch?
Who did the Steelers beat before playing the Bengals?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many total touchdown run yards did Mendenhall have?
Which players threw touchdown passes from over 10 yards?
Who threw the only touchdown pass under 10 yards?
how many yards did olindo mare kick
How many yards did jay feely kick in the 4th?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards difference was Olindo Mare’s first field goal compared to his last?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Olindo Mare or Jay Feely?
Which field goals did Olindo Mare make?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many more field goals did Olindo Mare make over Jay Feely?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards longer was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Olindo Mare make?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
Which player scored at least three field goals?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals did Mare kick during the second half?
How many yards was Mare's longest field goal?
How many field goals less than 30 yards were kicked?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare make in the game?
Which team scored last in the game?
How many losses did the Steelers have after losing to the Browns?
How many wins did the Steelers have after losing to the Browns?
How many points did the Cowboys get in the first quarter?
Which team scored more times during the first quarter?
How many interceptions did the Giants have during the first half?
Which team scored more field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who lost?
How many points did the Jaguars score on their first drive?
Who punted first?
How many points did the Patriots get on their first possession?
How many points did the Patriots score in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many turnovers did the Patriots commit?
How many points did the Patriots break the record for the most points scored against the Jaguars by?
How many touchdowns did Amendola score?
How many field goals did the Patriots score?
How many times was Brady sacked?
How many times was Bortles sacked?
How many punts were there in the game?
How many interceptions were there?
Which team was winning at the end of the first half?
How many more total yards did the Patriots have then the Jaguars?
How many games had the Patriots won for the season after defeating the Jaguars?
How many more total yards did the Patriots get?
How many more total game yards did the Patriots have than the Jaguars?
How many more first downs did the Patriots have than the Jaguars?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
How many more turnovers did the Jaguars have than the Patriots?
How many more yards of offense did the Patriots have than the Jaguars?
How many more first downs did the Patriots have than the Jaguars?
How many wins did the Patriots have after the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Were there more field goals kicked in the first half or second half?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
Which player scored the only two touchdowns of the game?
How many times did the Raiders score in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins kick?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins's longest field goal than his shortest?
Which team scored the fewest points in the first half?
How many field goals did each time score in the first half?
Which team scored zero points in the second quarter?
How many combined passing and rushing touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers have?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant have?
Which Falcons player scored a rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
In which quarter did both kickers kick a field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
In what quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many more yards was Matt Bryant's second field goal over his first?
How long was the longest touchdown in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards did Matt Bryant kick on field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring drive?
how many total field goals were made in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown for the Vikings?
How many sacks did Antoine Winfield have?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal made in this game?
How many yards was the longest field goal made?
How many punts were returned from over 65 yards?
How many field goals and field goal attempts under 40 yards were there before the end of the first half?
How many field goals and field goal attempts were there in the second half over 25 yards?
How many field goals of exactly 46-yards in length were converted?
How many yards did The Steelers first two touchdowns combine for?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the first quarter?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the second quarter?
How many more yards were scored on defensive touchdowns compared to offensive touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many total yards were gained on touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many more yards were gained on passing touchdowns relative to rushing touchdowns in the first two quarters?
How many yards were gained on all touchdowns and field goals that happened in the first two quarters of play?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring 46-yards in length?
Which quarterback gained more total yards on touchdowns?
How many passing touchdowns measured longer than 20-yards in length?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
how many yards did the broncos lead by at first?
how many hards did willis mcgahee pass?
Which team was winning at halftime?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the longest touchdown?
Who threw the final touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Titans have at halftime?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which team scored more points?
Which player scored the final touchdown?
How many years did Daniel Graham play with the Broncos?
How many more total yards of touchdown passes did the Titans get than the Broncos?
Which team did not score in the second quarter?
Which quarterback thrrew a longer touchdown pass in the first half?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many fumbles were there in the first quarter?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the second quarter?
How many field goals were there before halftime?
How many poins were scored in the first half?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score in the first quarter?
How many scores were made in the second quarter?
How many points were the Cheifs leading by at halftime?
Who played as QB later in the game Favre or Jackson?
How many times did Jackson find Rice?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many more touchdown passes were there compared to touchdown runs?
How many total yards were ran in for touchdowns?
How many total yards were passed for touchdowns?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many rushing touchdowns were there?
How many rushing touchdowns did Vikings running back Adrian Peterson have?
How many tds did Sidney Rice catch?
How many receiving touchdowns were there in this game?
How many field goals of over 50 yards did Hauschka kick?
What was the final score?
How many points did the Bills win by?
Who do the Bills play in their next game?
Who had the shortest touchdown pass?
Who did the Browns lose to before playing the Ravens?
How many td passes were thrown in this game?
How many field goals were successful in this game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which team had more points at halftime?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
Who threw for more yards, Manning or Pennington?
How many total points were scored?
How many interceptions did Aaron Ross have?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
Who scored the games longest TD?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored less points in the second half?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdowns?
How many points did the Jets need to tie this game?
Which team went into the half with the least total points?
Who was the last surviving member after the usurping?
When did the Ming armies capture the two capitals in the Red River Delta?
What happened first: massacred the Trần house or Ming armies began their invasion?
What happened second: massacred the Trần house or Ming armies began their invasion?
What happened first: massacred the Trần house or renamed the country?
What happened second: massacred the Trần house or Ly renamed the country?
What was the name of the country first: Dai Viet or Dai Ngu?
What was the name of the country second: Dai Viet or Dai Ngu?
Who was Hồ Hán Thương's father?
What happened first: killed the Trần prince or Fu and Sheng captured the two capitals?
What happened second: killed the Trần prince or Fu and Sheng captured the two capitals?
How many points did the Patriots score in the first quarter?
How many points was Dever trailing by at the half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many timesdid Marshall catch an 11 yard touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Denver kick during the game?
How many yards longer was Prater's second field goal over his first one?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown receptions did Brandon Marshall catch?
In which quarter was the longest field goal of the game?
In which quarter was the second longest field goal of the game?
Which players kicked the two longest field goals of the game?
Which player had more total yards in field goal kicks, Gostkowsaki or Prater?
How many more total yards did Prater have in field goal kicks than Gostkowski?
Which two players connected more than once with a touchdown pass?
In which quarters did Orton and Marshall connect on a touchdown pass?
How many yards did Orton and Marshall make together over the entire game?
The Broncos wore their throwback uniforms against which team?
Which team scored first?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game than the second-longest?
How many 11-yard touchdown passes occurred in the game?
How many touchdown passes over 10 yards occurred in the game?
Which team scored the longest field goal kick of the game?
Which team scored the second-longest field goal kick of the game?
Which players participated in an 11-yard pass?
Which two players made a touchdown pass that was less than 10 yards?
In which quarter was the longest field goal of the game kicked?
In which quarter was the second longest field goal of the game kicked?
What all touchdowns did Tom Brady make?
What all touchdowns did Kyle Orton make?
What all field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many yards difference was Matt Prater’s second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards difference was Tom Brady’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many months after Work commenced did they start operations on the s-50?
Who started operations on the s-50?
What is a Fercleve?
How many months did they force shutdowns?
Leaks of what caused the shutdown?
How many months after work commenced were the production racks finally operating?
What was fed into the gaseous diffusion processes the K-25?
How many things were fed into the Y-12
Combined what were fed into the Y-12
What did these material together create?
How many months did it take from the commencement of work to partial operation of S-50?
Where was material produced first, S-50, or K-25?
Where did the product go last, K-25 or Y-12?
Who scored more points, the Falcons or the Saints?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many yards was the longest pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first points in the game?
Which quarterback scored first?
Who tied the game at the end of regulation?
what position did drew brees play?
which position did matt ryan play?
How many passes did Shockey receive?
How many passes did Gonzalez receive?
How many field goals did Bryant have?
How many passes did White catch?
How many field goals did Hartley make?
How many touchdowns did Turner have?
How many passes did Moore receive?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Drew Brees or Matt Ryan?
Which players scored on touchdown plays longer than 20 yards?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Matt Ryan?
How long were each of Matt Ryan's touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Drew Brees?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How long were each of Drew Brees's touchdown passes?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns?
How many total yards did Matt Ryan throw for touchdowns?
How many in percent that were killed weren't Greek?
How many in percent that were killed weren't Bulgarian?
How many in percent were killed that weren't Bulgarians?
What happened first: massacre at the village Zagorichani or 4000 political murders?
What happened second: massacre at the village Zagorichani or 4000 political murders?
How many years was the time span in which over 4000 political murders were committed according to British reports?
Were there more Bulgarians, Greeks or Serbs and Aromanians together killed during the llinden uprising?
How many years after the members of the Exarchist committees had embarked upon a systematic and extensive campaign of executions did the conflicts end with the revolution of Young Turks?
How many more Bulgarians were killed compared to Greeks percentage wise during the Ilinden uprising?
Which known nationalities had people that were killed?
Over how many years were 4000 political murders committed?
How many years were 4000 political murders committed?
Which races were killed more than the unknown nationalities?
Which year was the latest that Macedonia carried out massacres?
Which team caught the first interception?
How many quarters did Romo play in?
Which team lost the game?
How many losses did the Panthers have after the game?
How many of Tony Romo's interceptions were returned for a touchdown?
How many points did the Buccaneers score in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many points was Tampa Bay leading at the half?
How many yards was Bullock's longest field goal attempt of the game?
Which kicker missed at least two field goal attempts?
how many yards did brindza make?
how many yards did winston throw to sims?
how many yards did bullock make?
how many yards did brindza miss?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Kyle Brindza miss?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were missed?
How many yards was the second longest field goal made?
How many decades did most of the medieval walls of Mdina were gradually dismantled?
How many decades did it take to gradually dismantle the medieval walls of Mdina?
Over how many hundreds of years of time were Mdina's walls dismantled?
What city has remnants of some sections of wall that were rebuilt by the Hospitallers during their fortification?
How many years after cannons were introduced in Mdina did the modernization of fortifications with the construction of embrasures begin?
How many years after cannons had been introduced in Mdina were the fortfications modernized with construction embrasures?
How many decades passed while the medival walls of Mdina were being dismantled?
how many year after  Bahadur Shah Zafar died did his tomb recoverd
when did it first reported that zafar had serious illness?
how many days after davies recorded zafar illness he died ?
How many days after finding being spoon feed too difficult did Zafar die?
How many years after Zafar died was the shrine of Bahadur Shah Zafar Dargah built?
How many months after October did he die?
How many days after not being able to eat broth did he pass away?
Where did he feel paralyzed?
How many years spanned from when he died to when they recovered his tomb in 1991?
What happened first: Bahadur Shah Zafar's illness or shrine?
What happened second: Bahadur Shah Zafar's illness or shrine?
What year was Zafar born in?
How many years after his death was the shring built?
How many hours after this death was Zafar buried?
How many years old was Zafar at the time of his death?
How many days after seizing broth feeding did Zafar die?
How many years after Zafar's death was his tomb discovered?
Which area sees the highest form of GDP?
Which area contributes more to the GDP, business investment or government?
In which year was there the highest real gross domestic product, 2017, 2016, or 2015?
Which year was higher for real gross domestic product, 2017 or 2015?
Which quarter had a higher real GDP, Q1 or Q2?
Was the US nominal GDP larger in 2017 or 2018?
What makes up a larger percentage of US GDP, government or personal consumption?
How many more percents is the personal consumption of GDP compared to business investment?
Which year saw the biggest percentage growth of  real GDP, 2015 or 2017?
In which year was real gross domestic product the highest?
In which year was real gross domestic product the lowest?
How many years was real gross domestic product above 2%?
In which quarter was the Real GDP highest, Q1 2018 or Q2 2018?
How many wins at home was this for the Bears?
How many 20 yard runs did Asiata have?
How many 20 yard runs did McKinnon have?
Who scored a 50-yard field goal?
How many turnovers did Chicago have?
How many turnovers did Minnesota have?
Which players caught interceptions?
How many interceptions were thrown by Jay Cutler?
How many touchdown catches did Brandon Marshall have?
How many yards did Brandon Marshall have on touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdowns?
Which players missed a field goal attempt?
How many total yards of field goals did Blair Walsh make?
Who lost two straight games coming into this game?
Where was this game played?
Prior to this game, how many times had Jay Cutler faced the Broncos?
Who turned 25 on the day this game was played?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
Which team did not commit a turnover?
How many is the yards of the TD pass to Thomas and the yards of the field goal made by McManus?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the TD pass to Latimer?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Freeman and the yards of the TD run by Langford?
how many yards did thomas pass?
how many yards did cutler run?
how many yards did owseiler get?
how many yards was longfords td?
How many total field goal yards did Robbie Gould have?
How many points lead did the Broncos have at
How many more field goals did Gould make than McManus?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown than the last one?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many interceptions did Freeman throw?
How many field goals did Barth score?
How many touchdowns did Williams score?
How many more yards did Josh Freeman have than Vicent Jackson and Mike Williams?
How many yards combined did Connor Barth score for?
How many fewer yards was the touchdown pass that Mike Williams caught than the yards Doug Martin rushed?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
What caused a fourth quarter safety?
How many yards longer was Kasay's first field goal compared to his second?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored a safety?
How many scoring plays were there in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards difference exists between John Kasay's longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards was Jackson's touchdown run?
How many yards shorter was Carson Palmer's first passing touchdown compared to his second?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many touchdown passes of at least 20 yards were thrown?
Which QB threw more TD passes?
How many fourth quarter TD passes did Fitzpatrick throw?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Who threw the shortest touchdown?
How many Touchdown passes were thrown during the game?
How many more touchdown passes were there compared to touchdown runs?
How many passing attempts did Tebow have?
Which team won the game?
How many yards did Chris Johnson run for a touchdown compared to Jake Locker?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
Which QB threw more interceptions?
Which happened first, the defeat at Tangier, or Henry retiring to Sagres?
How many years did Henry live after his failure to capture Tangier?
What happened first, Henry's death or the surrender of Prince Ferdinand?
How many years passed between the Portugese reaching Cape Verde and Sierra Leone?
How many Papal bulls were there?
How many years after Henry's setback did he die?
Who are King Edward's brothers?
Who were Henry's brothers?
Where does the church is reformed in 17th century?
Which Dutch settlement in the Americas had the oldest association with the Dutch Reformed Church?
What happened first, St. Thomas Reformed Church was founded or The Dutch Reformed Church went to America
How many years was there a Dutch Reformed Church in Netherlands?
What happened first: St. Thomas Reformed Church or split off from Reformed Church?
What happened second: St. Thomas Reformed Church or split up of Reformed Church?
How many years after the first Dutch Reformed Church in New Amsterdam was the first church in the Caribbean founded?
Which group is larger the Reformed Church in America or the Christian Reformed Church?
How many years after the St. Thomas Reformed church was founded did the Dutch Reformed Church go with migrants to the Americas?
How many years after the first Dutch Reformed Church in the Caribbean was founded did the church expand to the Americas, founding a church in New Amsterdam?
How many years before the Dutch Reformed Church went to the Americas was the St. Thomas Reformed Church founded?
How many years after coming to the Americas was the first Dutch Reformed Church founded in the Caribbean?
Over how many years was the Reformed Church in America in the Netherlands?
How many smaller related denominations and federations were there?
How many former US Presidents were affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church?
Which players caught interceptions?
how many yards did savage pass to miller?
how many yards did miller pass to hopkins in the first?
how many yards did did foreman rush?
how many yards did did foreman run?
how many interceptions did gabbert throw?
how many touchdowns did foreman rush?
Who scored the first points in game for the Arizona Cardinals?
Did Jay Cutler throw an interception during the game versus Cardinals?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler throw in this game?
How many yards per pass completion did Jay Cutler average in this game?
How many more touchdowns did Jay Cutler have compared to interceptions?
How many yards per carry did Mike Bell average in this game?
How many more rushing yards did Mike Bell have compared to Tatum Bell?
Which player scored the two shortest touchdowns of the game?
How many yards longer was Elam's longest field goal kick than his shortest in the first half?
How many more field goals did Elam kick than Rackers kicked in the first half?
How many yards longer was Rackers' longest field goal than Elam's longest?
Which two players made field goals?
How many field goals did Rackers make in the game?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
Which team had more than 9 losses after the game?
How many more Russians were deafeated than Prussians in 1759?
What happened first the Battle of Kay or Battle of Kunnersdorf?
How many more Russians were there compared to Prussians at the Battle of Kay?
How many total people fought at the Battle of Kay?
Who had more troops, the Russians or the Prussions?
How many more troops did the French have than the Prussions?
Which happened later, the Russian defeat of the Prussians, or the Battle of Kunersdorf?
Which happened first, the Battle of Kunersdorf or the conflict at Gross-Jägersdorf?
Which event happened first, John's death or the reissuing of the Magna Carta?
How many days were between John's death and the reissuing of the Magna Carta?
Whose son did the barons want to have crowned King of England?
How many months did it take for the Magna Carta to be reissued in Henry's name after he was coronated?
Who was excommunicated from the Catholic Church, Henry or Louis?
What did Henry's father die of?
How many years had Eleanor of Brittany been imprisoned until John's death?
How many days after John contraction of dystenary until his son Prince Henry was crowned?
Who was Prince Henry's father?
Who was Geoffrey's brother?
Who was Eleanor of Brittany's uncle?
How many years had Eleanor of Brittany been imprisoned for at the time of John's death?
In what year was Prince Henry born?
Who was Geoffrey's daughter?
How many days after John contracted dysentery was Henry crowned?
How many years were television rights purchased for for £1.782 billion?
How many matches of Premier League coverage was ESPN (UK) awarded?
Who was awarded more matches, ESPN(UK) or BT Group?
Who was awarded more games, BT Group, or Sky?
How many more million pounds did Sky pay that BT Group?
How many million pounds did Premier League receive for the 2013–14 through 2015–16 seasons?
how was the first quarter
how many points did the bengals win by?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many points did the Chiefs lose by?
How many points ahead were the Bengals ahead of the Chiefs at the end of the game?
How many more games had the Bengals won than lost in the season after this game?
How many points behind did the field goal by Shayne Graham put the Chiefs behind?
How many points ahead were the Bengals at halftime?
How many fewer yards was Shayne Graham's field goal than Ryan Succop's field goal?
How many field goals did Graham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Graham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the second quarter?
How many points were the Bengals in the lead after Palmer threw a touchdown pass to Coles?
Who caused the game to be tied 3-3?
How many touchdowns were reversed?
How many penalties were issued in game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were kicked from less than 40 yards?
Who scored more points, Tampa Bay or Giants?
What happened first,the Crown of Ireland act or Ireland gaining autonomy?
How many years did the Lordship of Ireland last?
Which was passed first, the Lordship of Ireland or the Crown of Ireland Act?
How many years after the Crown of Ireland Act was passed was the Acts of Union passed?
How many Parliaments passed the Crown of Ireland Act?
What happened first, the Crown of Ireland Act or the Irish State became Republic?
How many year was it between the Crown of Ireland Act being passed and the Acts of Union being passed?
How many years was it between the passage of the Acts of Union and the Irish Free State being formed?
How many years was it between the Irish Free State being founded and the republic declared?
How many years after the Crown of Ireland Act was passed was the Acts of Union passed?
How many years after the Acts of Union 1800 was the Irish Free State formed?
How many years after the Irish Free State was formed was it declared a Republic?
How many years after the Crown of Ireland act which made Henry VIII King of Ireland was it before Ireland gained autonomy from the U.K.?
How many years after the Irish Free State was formed were the 6 counties in the north renamed United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
How many years after the Irish Free State was created was it declared to be a Republic?
How many more crimes per 100,000 people was the crime rate in Fort Wayne than the national average?
How many years did Rusty York serve as the police chief?
How many years after Rusty York last served as police chief was Steve Reed appointed police chief?
How many years did York serve as police chief?
Which crime rate had the largest number than murders in Fort Wayne 2006?
How many more people was the crime rate per 100,000 than the national average?
How many more uniformed firefighters than fire stations?
How many total of robberies and burglaries together for Fort Wayne Police Department?
How many totaled of uniformed firefighters and fire stations?
How many more burglaries in Fort Wayne than robberies?
How many years before the name change back to Tuen Mun was the Castle Peak estate opened?
How many years after Castle Peak New Town was planned did Castle Peak Estate open?
How many years after the start of the British rule was Castle Peak New Town planned?
Who was Hong Kong under the protection of?
How many is the difference in the yards of the run by Smith and the yards of the field goal made by Folk?
What was the result of the personal foul penalty?
How many yards difference was Nick Folks field goal compared to Rian Lindells?
How many total points were scored in the game by both teams?
How many yards was the difference between Lindell's field goal and Folk's field goal?
How many years did the Caucasian War last?
How many years passed between the start of the Russian-Circassian War and the end of the Caucasian War?
Approximately what year did the Russo-Circassian War begin?
How many years does the Caucaisan War commonly refer to?
What year did the Russo-Circassian War start?
How many total years does the term Caucasian War refer to?
How many years does the term Caucasian War span?
How many different names of wars are mentioned?
What are the different names of wars mentioned?
How many versions of the Circassian War is there?
Which year did the Russo-Circassian War start?
How many modern countries is Anatolia composed of?
How many years did the Caucasian War last?
How many modern countries are mentioned that the Circassians emigrated to?
How did many inhabitants of the highland Caucasus die?
How many years did the Caucasian War last?
Which countries did the Circassions who did not accept the Christian Monarch locate?
Who caught a 20-yard touchdown pass from Cutler?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins have in the first quarter?
Which player had the longest touchdown in the third quarter?
How many different players rushed for a touchdown?
How many different players had a rushiing touchdown?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the second half?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did Vincent Jackson score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals shorter than 46 yards did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many total field goal yards did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many yards shorter was Nate Kaeding's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many losses did Seattle have after the game?
Which kicker had more field goals in the second half?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer were the two longest touchdowns combined compared to the shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer were the two longest touchdowns combined compared to the two shortest touchdowns combined?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Which players scored the two longest touchdowns?
Who had more yards in touchdowns, Shaun Alexander or Vincent Jackson?
How many more yards in field goals did Nate Kaeding have compared to Josh Brown?
Which player had a larger difference between their shortest and longest touchdowns, Shaun Alexander or Vincent Jackson?
Which happened first - the reorganization of the Province of Yunnan, or the capture of the Song territory?
How many years did it take after the capture of the Song territory for "Gold Teeth" to submit to the Mongols?
How many years after the Dali Kingdom was reorganized did the governor send a report to the emperor stating that the embassy had not returned?
Which happened first, the capture of Sond territory, or "Gold Teeth" submitting to the Mongols?
What happened second: Dali Kingdom was officially reorganized or emperor sanctioned a limited border war?
Who had sent a report to the emperor stating that the embassy had not returned?
Who was the emperor of Dali Kingdom?
Who had captured most of the Song territory?
Whose army had proceeded to consolidate the borderlands?
Which state has named "Gold Teeth" had submitted to the Mongols?
Who was focused on delivering the final blow against the Song?
Who refused to submit to Sayyid Ajjal Shams al-Din Omar and the emperor?
How was the Province of Yunnan recognized previously?
How many years were the borderlands consolidated?
How many Turkish areas were the officers and soldiers of the garrison from?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Who kicked more field goals, Matt Prater or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many yards was Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored a touchdown first, Marcel Reece or Eric Decker?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Lance Ball's touchdown compared to Marcel Reece's?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Sebastian Janikowski?
Which field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yards are the top two longest field goals combined?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make over Matt Prater?
How many field goals between 25 and 65 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 65 yards?
Which  rising happened first, Primalage of Grace or Bigod Rebellion of 1937?
How many years between Mary's position was strengthened by the birth of her son, James until she was diposed?
Who is Thomas Cromwell?
How many years does Mary's position was strong?
What happened first, Mary giving birth to her son James or Mary being deposed?
How many yards was the completion from Tony Romo mid-way though the third quarter?
How many yards receiving did Cowboys TE Jason Witten surpassed for his career?
The Cowboys four-game winning streak was their greatest since?
How many points did the Giants score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Eagles score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Giants score in the fourth quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
Who did the Eagles beat prior to playing the Giants?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
how many yards was akers field goal?
how many yards was McCoys run?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many total field goal yards did David Akers kick?
Which player scored more field goals, David Akers or Lawrence Tynes ?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
Which player was the first to score a field goal over 35 yards?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did David Akers kick?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many more field goals did David Akers score over 30 yards than Lawrence Tynes?
How many total yards did Eli Manning throw for touchdowns?
How many yards shorter was David Akers' second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards did philly deliver?
how many yards did Tynes get?
how many yards did did manning complete?
how many yards did akers get in the third?
how many yards did the eagles strike back with?
how many yards did manning complete in the fourth?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 10 yards?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
Which two players had touchdown runs?
Which quarter did both kickers have a field goal for the same amount of yards?
Which kicker kicked for the most total yards?
How many more field goals did David Akers have than Lawrence Tynes in the second quarter?
How many more yards was the longest score for a touchdown compared to the shortest?
Which quarterback scored the most touchdowns for 5 yards or less?
Which team won the game?
Who took the ball away from Luck to cause a fumble?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many points did the Colts score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos have at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the Colts have at the end of the second quarter?
How many points did the Broncos have at halftime?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points did the Broncos seal the game with?
How many points did the Colts have at final?
Which team won this game?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the first half?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the first half?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did McManus kick in the second half?
How many field goals did McManus kick in total during this game?
Which player kicked less field goals in the second half?
How many timeouts were the Colts forced to burn?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored on an interception return?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
Which player scored more field goals, Brandon McManus or Adam Vinatieri ?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which action caused the starting point of the Mexican Drug War?
How many more drug-related deaths were recorded in 2008 compared to 2006?
How many more percent of the cocaine imported into the U.S. came through Mexico in 2007 than in 1990?
What year had the most drug-related violent deaths?
How many troops did President Felipe Calderón add between sending troops to Michoacán  and the escalation of his anti-drug campaign?
How many more drug-related violent deaths were there in 2008 than in 2006?
Which year had the most drug-related violent deaths?
Who were among those killed in drug-related violent deaths?
How many more troops are battling the war on drugs than in 2006?
How many drug related violent deaths happened between 2008 and 2008?
How many points did the two teams combine for?
How many points was Kansas City ahead by at halftime?
Who trailed with under a minute left in the first quarter?
Who made his first regular season start with the Texans, Hoyer or Mallett?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first  half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
In the first quarter how many points did the 49ers trail the Rams??
How did the 49ers tie the game in the second quarter?
How did the 49ers take the lead in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did St. Louis have at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did St. Louis have at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the 49ers have after the first quarter?
How many wins did the Rams have after this game?
How many scoring drives were there in the first half?
How many yards was the longest attempted field goal?
How many yards longer was Wilkins's second field goal over his first one?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored more field goals, Wiklins or Joe Nedney?
What all touchdowns did Marc Bulger make?
What all field goals did Jeff Wilkins make?
How many yards difference was Jeff Wilkins second field goal over his first?
How many total yards did Jeff Wilkins kick for field goals?
Who made a field goal first, Jeff Wilkins or Joe Nedney?
Who made an attempt at a field goal from the farthest distance?
How many years did Democratic Kampuchea exist?
How many years did China support Democratic Kampuchea?
How many years was the time period when millions of Cambodians were killed through forced labord and genocide?
How many years passed while Democratic Kampuchea was a rump state supported by China?
How many years did the  Democratic Kampuchea last?
About how many years did the state of Kampuchea exist for?
How many years did it take for the state of Kampuchea to renamed to Cambodia?
For how many years did the state of Kampuchea exist?
For how many years did Democratic Kampuchea exist?
How many years was the country run by the Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea before it was renamed Cambodia?
How many years passed in between the renaming of Cambodia and the Paris Peace Agreement conference?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points Bills added from midway through the third quarter to early in the fourth quarter?
How many points Broncos added after midway through the third quarter?
How many field goals Hauschka kicked?
How many field goals were made during the game?
How many field goals did Hauschka kick?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass?
Which happened first, the initial recognition of a separate Bulgarian Catholic Millet by the Sultan, or the Sultan decree, which established the Bulgarian Exarchate?
How many adherents were left after the establishment of the Bulgarian Exarchate?
How many years after the movement for union with Rome that led to the initial recognition of a spearate Bulgarian Catholic Millet by the Sultan was the Bulgarian "Church Struggle" resolved with a Sultan decree?
How many months after the autocephaly of the Bulgarian Church declared was the term phyletism coined at the Holy pan-Orthodox Synod that met in Istanbul?
How many years after the Bulgarian Catholic Millet was the Bulgarian Exarchate established?
How many functions did the Bulgarian Exarch have?
How many days passed between the coining of the term phyletism and the declaration of the Bulgarian Exarchate schismatic?
How many years after the recognition of a separate Bulgarian Catholic Millet by the Sultan did the Sultan issue a degree to establish the Bulgarian Exarchate?
Which was established first, the Bulgarian St. Stephen Church or the declaration of the Bulgarian Church?
How many days after the Synod met in August did they issue the Bulgarian Exarchate schismatic?
How many years did the Bulgarian "Church Struggle" last?
How many days after meeting in Istanbul did the Synod declare the Bulgarian Exarchate schismatic?
How many years after the initial recognition of a separate Bulgarian Catholic Millet by the Sultan was the Bulgarian "Church Struggle" resolved with a Sultan decree?
How many months after he Bulgarian St. Stephen Church in Constantinople celebrated a liturgy was it declared the Bulgarian Exarchate schismatic?
Which player had more yards, Antonio Bryant of Frank Gore?
How many points did the Rams lose by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many more points did the 49ers win by?
Who did the 49ers play the week prior to playing the Rams?
What was the outcome of the Cardinals game for the 49ers?
What was the outcome of the Rams game for the 49ers?
What was the final score of the 49ers-Rams game?
Was the Rams game an away game for the 49ers, or was it at home?
How many touchdowns did Alex Smith throw?
How many touchdowns did Frank Gore score?
What position does Frank Gore play?
What was the final score?
How many points did San Francisco win?
How many of the 233 yards thrown by Alex Smith were not received by Antonio Bryant?
Which player missed the game due to injury?
Who won the game between the Cardinals and the 49ers?
Which team lost to the Cardinals in week 1?
How many points behind were the Rams at the end of the game?
How many wins did the 49ers start the game with?
How many losses would this game given the 49ers if they had not won?
How many points did San Francisco win by?
Which defender scored a touchdown?
How many points did the Rams lose by?
How many losses did the Rams come into the game at?
How many more Ottoman soldiers died than conscripted Cretans?
How many more conscripted Cretans and slaves died than the city's Christian defenders?
How many years spanned the winter the Ottoman army arrived on the island?
How many years spanned from when the Ottoman arrived to when the war ended?
What year did the final phase of the siege, overseen by the Grand Vizier begin?
Over how many years did the final phase of the siege by the Ottoman army last?
How many people in all died during the siege?
What island did the siege last 28 months on?
Which happened first, de Molin replacing Valier or his embassy's travel to Larissa?
Where did the Ottomans take de Molin?
Which was there a bigger loss of, conscripted Cretans and slaves or Christian defenders?
How many more conscripted Cretans and slaves died than Christian defenders?
Which age group had the most population?
Which age group had the second largest population?
How many more people are there than households?
Which age group made up less than 11% of the population?
How many more people were there than households?
How many age groups populated over 30% of Denver?
Which age group populated Denver more, 18 to 24 or 45 to 64?
How many age groups populated less than 11% of Denver?
Which age group populated Denver less, those under the age of 18 or 18 to 44?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less females per 100 were there than males?
How many less females per 100 were there than males never-married ages 25 to 34?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than inhabitants per square mile?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many less females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which age group had more people in living in the City of Denver, from 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which were there more of living in the the City of Denver in 2010, males or females?
How many more males for every 100 females were living in the city of Denver in 2015 in the never-married ages 25 to 34 category?
Which agre groups had between 20 and 25% of the population?
How many percent of people were under the age of 44?
How many percent of the population is neither under 18 or over 65?
Are there more females or males in Denver?
How many percent of the population was either under 18 or over 65?
Which age groups had between 20 and 25% of the population?
How many more percent were in the 25 to 44 age group compared with the smallest group?
What was the second largest age grouping?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two biggest age groups combined compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two biggest age groups combined compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two biggest age groups combined compared to the two smallest combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the two smallest combined?
Were more people between 18 to 44 or 45 and older?
Were more people between 25 to 44 or 45 and older?
Were more people between 25 to 64 or 65 and older?
Were more people between 25 to 64 or under the age of 18?
How many Falcons made catches?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick?
How many more field goals did Elam kick than Kasay?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals over 40 yards were scored in the game?
Who kicked the least number of field goals?
How many more field goals did Elam kick than Kasay?
How many yards longer was Elam's longest field goal over Kasay's one?
Who booted the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest one?
Excluding Elam's first field goal, how many yards longer was the average of Elam's field goals than the average of Kasay's field goals?
How many yards were Jake Delhomme's two touchdown passes?
Who had touchdown receptions for the Panthers?
Which players kicked 44 yard field goals?
How many first half field goals did Elam kick?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers score?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the 49ers score in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player made more field goals over 30 yards, Jay Feely or Shane Andrus?
How many total field goal yards did Jay Feely make?
Which field goals did Jay Feely make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Jay Feely kick?
How man field goals between 25 and 50 yards were made?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Where there more households with a racial makeup of Native American or Asian?
How many percent was the Non-Hispanic White race down from in 2010 compared to 1970?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than households?
Which ethnic group had the most people?
Which had more, households or people?
Which had more people, Whites or Asians?
How many more people were there than housing units or households?
What race made up the majority of the population?
How many percent more was the African American population over whites and Native Americans?
How many housing units were unoccupied?
How many more whites were there than Native Americans and Asians?
How many percent of the population were not African American or white?
How many more people and households were there than housing units?
How many average people were there per household?
Were there fewer households or housing units?
How many more house units were there compared to households?
Were there more Whites or Native Americans?
Which races had more than 15% of the population?
Were there fewer Native Americans or Asians?
How many percent more were white compared to Asian?
How many percentage of the population did the African Americans and Whites combined make up?
How many percent did the non-hispanic white population drop from 1970 to 2010?
Were there more whites in the city in 1970 or 2010?
Which racial groups are at least 10% in 2010?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2% in 2010?
How many in percent from the census weren't white in 2010?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American in 2010?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American in 2010?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian in 2010?
Which group from the 2010 census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the 2010 census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the 2010 census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the 2010 census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the 2010 census is larger: Asian or African American?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from two or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanics?
How many percent of people were not non-Hispanic Whites in 2010?
How many percent of people were not non-Hispanic Whites in 1970?
How many more percent were Black than there were white?
How many more percent were Black than there were Native American?
How many more percent were Black than there were Asian?
How many more percent were Black than there were from two or more races?
Where did the Bengals stay to play the Texans?
How many points were the teams tied for in the second quarter?
How many points were the Texans in the lead by during the second half?
How many field goals did Bullock have the entire game?
How many field goals did Ka'imi Fairbairn  successfully make in the game?
How many field goal attempts did Randy Bullock successfully convert?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Which player was the first to score a field goal over 30 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
How many yards shorter was Randy Bullock's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Randy Bullock or Ka'imi Fairbairn?
How many total field goal yards did Randy Bullock kick?
Which field goals did Randy Bullock make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards did Ka'imi Fairbairn kick?
How many field goals between 25 and 45 yards were made?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
How many points did theTexans win by?
How many yards longer was Ka'imi Fairbairn's last field goal over his first?
How many yards difference exists between Randy Bullock's longest and shortest field goal?
How long were each of Ka'imi Fairbairn's field goals?
Which player made multiple field goal by halftime?
How many field goals were kicked throughout the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which players kicked more than one field goal?
How many total yards did Fairbairn kick?
How many total yards did Bullock kick?
How many more yards did Bullock kick than Fairbairn?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the longest field goal?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
Who was the first player to score?
How many field goals did Randy Bullock kick in the first half of the game?
Did Randy Bullock kick more field goals in the first or second half of the game?
How many total yards did Randy Bullock kick in the first two quarters of the game?
How many points were scored by both teams in total?
Which player was the last player to score in the game?
Who ran 32 yards?
Who made another 23-yard field goal?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored first?
WHo was the only player to score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Which player made two field goals the same distance?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were over 23 yards?
Who made the only field goal over 30 yards?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish war last?
Which happened first, the Azov campaigns or the Crimean campaigns?
How many years after the last Crimean campaign did the Azov campaign begin?
What was the main goal of the military campaigns?
What was the fortress blocking?
What side was the main perpetrator of the campaigns?
What ended first: Azov campaigns or Russo-Turkish War?
What ended last: Azov campaigns or Russo-Turkish War?
How many years did the Azov campaigns last?
How many more years did the Russo-Turkish War last than the Azov campaigns?
How many Crimean campaigns were there?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did the Russo Turkish War last?
How many years did the Azov campaigns last?
How many years apart were the Crimean campaigns?
Over how many years did the two Azov campaigns made?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
Was Peter the Great Russian or Turkish?
Over how many years did the two Zaov campaigns take place from the Russian military?
How many years in all did the Russo-Turkish War of 1686-1700 take place in?
how many yards did dawson nail?
how many dawson get?
Who did the Bills beat in week 14?
Which team was not in a race for a wild card?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which team gave up a safety?
How many touchdowns had the Falcons scored by halftime?
How many field goals had the Falcons scored by halftime?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Falcons score in the second quarter?
Who scored more points, the Falcons or the Dolphins?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick?
How many passes did Ricky Williams receive?
How many interceptions that led to a Falcons touchtown did Pennington throw?
How many total points were scored?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's second field goal compared to his first?
What all field goals did Jason Elam make?
Were unionized wages in manufacturing higher in 1914 or 1890?
Which nationality of skilled workers earned the highest?
How many hours were slashed from the highest average work time?
How many in dollars and cents did unionized wages rose from 1890 to 1914?
How long did it take for American unionized wages to rise from $17.63 to $21.37?
How did the standard of living of unskilled workers in America and Britain compare during the period from 1890 to 1914?
BY how many hours did the average work week for skilled workers decrease during the period from 1890 to 1914?
How many total years did the American advantage grow over time?
How many dollars more did weekly unionized wages in manufacturing rise in 1914 compared to 1890?
How many hours did the average work week fall in 1914 compared to 1890?
Between 1890 and 1914, unionized wages in manufacturing rose by how many dollars?
Between 1890 and 1914, how many hours did the average work week fall to for unionized manufacturing employees in the US?
How many touchdowns did Smith score in the first half?
How many games have the Chiefs won this season?
Which team gave up the first turnover?
How many weeks had the Giants scored on their first possession before this game?
Which player got their team on the board first?
Which player caught the longest TD pass of the game?
Which team had the longest TD?
How many TDs did the Chiefs have in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored the most points in the fourth quarter?
Which team won the game?
Which team allowed the fewest points all game?
How many touchdown passes did Cassel throw?
Who is the Jaguars quarterback?
How many points did the Chiefs lead by after the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Matt Cassel throw?
Which QB had the longest TD pass?
How many people made a 1-yard TD run?
How many TD runs of less than 5 yards were in the game?
How many more yards was Charles' TD run than Battle's?
Who scored the longest field goal?
How many more yards was Bouman's TD pass than Cassel's?
Which team scored the longest field goal?
Which team had the longest TD pass?
Which kicker made the first field goal?
Which player scored the first points?
Which players had the shortest touchdown?
Which team won the game?
How many yards of differential is there between Mason Crosby's initial field goal and Chad Henne's first touchdown pass?
How many yards do the first field goal and first touchdown combine for?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
How many total yards did Aaron Rodgers gain off of passing and rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards did Chad Henne gain off of passing touchdowns?
How many more total yards did Aaron Rodgers gain off of touchdowns when compared to Chad Henne?
How many yards did Chad Henne and Aaron Rodgers gain off of touchdowns when both totals are added together?
How many more yards did Davone Bess gain on touchdowns when compared to Anthony Fasano?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown?
How many days difference is there between the F7Ib-II and the F6-F9II?
How many points is the difference of magnitude of the F6-F9II?
How many points difference is there in the magnitude of the spectral type F7Ib-II?
Which has a higher magnitude, AH Velorum or V Velorum?
How many points difference between the high and low is the range of magnitudes of the Al Velorum?
Which spectral type has the highest magnitude,F7Ib-II or F6-F9II?
Who hit a 38-yard field goal?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many yards did Hill run for a touchdown?
What team scored more points?
how many yards did dawson hit?
how many yards did hillis run?
how many yards did McCoy get?
Which team did not score during the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Browns score during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Peyton Hillis's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Who scored the first Browns touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the last point for the Patriots?
Which player scored first in the second half?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the second half?
Who threw a 2-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many running touchdowns were scored in the game?
who was in the lead at halftime?
who punted?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdown passes longer than 50 yards did Schaub throw in the first half?
How many yards was Prater's shortest field goal?
How many yards was Manning's longest touchdown pass?
How many years did Rod Smith play for the Broncos?
How many yards was Schaub's second shortest touchdown pass in the first half?
How many total field goal yards did Prater have during the first half?
Who kicked both the longest and the shortest field goal?
How many yards were each of Shaub's touchdown passes in the first half?
How many yards was the total of both Manning's TD passes in the fourth quarter?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than the second?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 yards were made?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which team scored a safety?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Broncos lose by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Buccaneers won this season?
How many points did Denver win by?
How many more points did Denver have at halftime?
How many points were scored on the first drive of the game?
How many points were made on the first score?
How many points did the buccaneers score on the first possession of the second half?
Before playing Denver, how many games had the Buchaneers lost in the 2008 season?
How many points had Denver scored by halftime?
What was the final score of the game?
How many points did the Broncos score over the entire game?
Who replaced Brian Griese?
What position did Brian Griese play?
Which team was in the lead at the beginning of the fourth quarter?
how many yards did the broncos own?
how many plays did Griese make?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Denver kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Denver kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Denver kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Denver kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Denver kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Denver kick in total?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many were mentioned to have been killed?
How many places did the defeat at Krško weaken the rebellion of?
How many days passed between the defeat at Krško and the Battle of Stubičko?
How many days after the Battle of Stubičko was Gubec executed?
How many officers were sentenced to life in prison?
How many people didn't die from Gubec's side after the Battle of Stubičko?
In what year did von Thurn lead an army that defeated the rebel detatchment at Krško?
Whose army's success weakened the rebellion in Carniola and Styria?
When was the rebel force near Samobor defeated?
How many days after the Battle of Stubičko polje was Matija Gubec executed?
How many officers were sentenced to life in prison after the Battle of Stubičko polje?
What was the date that another rebel force was defeated near Samobor?
How many days after Jobst Joseph von Thurn led an army to defeat a rebel detachment of Nikola Kupinič at Krško did the Battle of Stubičko polje take place?
Which was killed first, Mogaić or Gregorić?
How many days after the Battle of Stubičko took place was Matija Gubec was publicly tortured and executed?
Which happened first, the Crimean Khanate breaking off from the Golden Horde or the Horde ending?
How many years was the Russo-Lithuanian War?
Which happened last, the Russo-Lithuanian War or the near continuous raids on Muscovy?
How many years did the Russo-Lithuanian War last?
How many years passed between the breaking off of the Crimean Khanate and the end of the Golden Horde?
How many years after the Crimen Khanate  broke off from the Golden Horde did the Horde come to an end?
How many years did the Russo-Lithuanian War last?
How many years after the Russo-Lithuanian War did continuous raids on Muscovy begin?
How many years did the Russo-Lithuanian War last?
How many years passed between the Crimean Khanate breaking off from the Golden Horde and the Horde coming to an end?
How many years did the Lithuanian War last?
How many years after the Crimean Khanate broke off from the Golden Horde did the Horde end?
How many years did the Russo-Lithuanian War last?
Who coached the Chiefs?
Which quarterback ran the final play of the game?
Who did the Chiefs have to play after the Raiders?
Which player turned 27?
What was the biggest play?
Who did not throw for three quarters?
How many yards longer was Larry Johnson's second touchdown than his first?
How many more incomplete passes did Aaron Brooks throw than Trent Green?
How many yards did the raiders get to the end zone?
how many yards did Kennison gain?
how many yards did Johnson get capped off?
What happened second: Francis advanced on Milan or the Treaty of Noyon?
Who dropped out of the war after a defeat at Marignano?
How many months passed from when Francis took Milan to when he met with Leo at Bologna?
Who deserted the Pope?
How many cities were surrendered to Francis?
How many people in power signed the Treaty of Noyon?
How many months into 1516 was the Treaty of Noyon signed?
What inevitably ended the war?
How many treaties were made during this war?
How many wars was Francis involved in?
How many years did the Italian war last?
What year was Sforza removed from the throne?
How many months passed between Francis capturing Milan and his meeting with Leo at Bologna?
What treaty was signed after Francis and Maximilian entered negotiations?
How many years did the Italian War of 1521 last for?
How many points did the Bills earn in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total TD pass yards did Trent Edwards have?
Who scored the only field goal of the second half?
How many touchdown passing yards did Edwards have?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many wins do the Dolphins have for the season?
How many losses does this game give the Dolphins?
How many yards were the two longest field goals of the game?
How many games for the season did Buffalo beat the Dolphins?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
How many yards difference is there between the two TD runs by Gado?
How many TD passes did Trent Edwards complete?
how many yards did edwards complete?
how many yards did edwards pass?
how many yards did wilson return?
how many yards did gado get?
how many yards did lindell get?
how many yards did edwards complete in the second?
how many yards did gado get in the third?
how many yards did feely nail?
Who did the Bengals beat in Week 10?
How many games had the Bengals played coming into the Week 11 matchup with the Chiefs?
What was the Bengals record after winning this game?
How many field goals were made?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Chiefs lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many years after Sverresson die did Stonewall die?
How many years after Sverresson die, did the Bagler war end?
Who died first, Guttorm or Sverresson?
How many years did the second Bagler war last?
How many years was the peace between the Bagler and Birkenbeiner preserved for?
What happened first: Håkon Sverresson dying or peace between Bagler and Birkebeiner was disrupted?
What happened second: Håkon Sverresson dying or peace between Bagler and Birkebeiner was disrupted?
Who died first, Håkon Sverresson or Guttorm?
Who was king first, Guttorm or Inge Bårdson?
Who was king first, Stonewall or  Philippus Simonsson?
How many years did the war continue after Stonewall died?
How many years did peace last after the meeting at Kvitsøy?
Which three kings ruled Norway in quick succession in 1204?
Who launched the invasion of Norway in 1204?
How many years did the second Bagler was last?
Who was the Bagler king first, Erling Stonewall or Philippus Simonsson?
Who were Philippus Simonsson's uncles?
Who was stronger in Trøndelag, the Bagler or the Birkebeiner?
After Philippus renounced the title, who ruled in his place?
How many years after the settlement was reached at Kvitsøy as peace preserved between the Bagler and Birkebeiner?
Which two people died in 1204?
How many years did the second Bagler war last?
Who was Bagler king first, Philippus Simonsson or Erling Stonewall?
How many years after the death of Håkon Sverresson did Erling Stonewall die?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many total points were scored?
How long were the two longest field goals that the Packers kicked?
By how many billion USD did the Syrian GDP increase between 2003 and 2010?
Between 2010 and 2012, how many billions in USD did the GDP increase?
How many primary areas is the Syrian economy based on?
How many billion USD did the GDP of Syria increase from 2003 to 2010?
Have fewer people been injured or killed in the civil war?
How many more people have been injured than have died int he civil war?
Are more people displaced, or refugees?
How many more millions of people are displaced than are refugees?
What is the largest UN estimate of the Syrian economy, death toll or people injured?
What are all the  heavy toll estimates of the Syrian economy?
How many years had the Syrian economic growth declined 70% from 2010 to 2017?
Which year had the highest GDP increase for the Syrian economy 2003 or 2010?
How many points below a perfect score is the Universitys undergraduate admissions process according to the Princeton Review?
How many applicants were not accepted for Fall 2016?
How many points did the middle 50% of SAT scores range from?
How many points is the span for GPA range for the middle 50%?
Which two teams were expansion teams in 1976?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Who scored more points, Matt Bryant or Josh Brown?
How many field goals did Brown make?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards were made in the first quarter?
Who kicked the games longest field goal?
how many yards did bryant kick?
how many field goal yards did bryant get?
how many yards did brown nail?
how many yards did brown get the victory with?
how many yards did brown pass?
Who kicked the longest and shortest field goals?
Which players scored touchdowns?
Who made the longest TD pass for the Bears in the first quarter?
Who caught the longest TD pass of The Bears in the first quarter?
Who got the longest field goal of the second quarter?
Who got the longest field goal of the third quarter?
Who got the longest field goal of the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Gould's longest field goal over Longwell's longest one?
How many yards longer was Gould's total yards of field goals over Longwell's total yards of field goals?
Which player had the highest average length of field goals?
How many yards longer was Orton's shortest TD pass over Frerotte's shortest one?
Which player had the highest average length of TD passes?
How many yards longer was Orton's total yards of TD passes over Frerotte's total yards of TD passes?
Excluding the longest one, how many yards was the average of all other TD runs?
How many more TD runs did Taylor have over Forte?
Which player had the highest average yards of TD runs?
How many field goals over 30 yards were scored?
Which players' TD passes were at most 25 yards?
Which player had both the longest and shortest TD runs?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which QB threw the longest TD pass of the first quarter?
Which players had touchdown passes in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson score?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Jacobs rush for?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total yards of touchdowns were ran in?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many less touchdowns were due to passing the ball compared to running the ball? 4
How short was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked over 40 yards?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Which player had the longest touchdown?
Which player scored a safety?
How many points was the Eagles ahead with only 33 seconds left in the game?
which team had the longest field goal?
How long was Westbrooks touchdown?
How long was the final field goal of the game?
Which player scored the game-winning points?
Who kicked a 62-yard field goal?
How many points did the Eagles score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
What was the longest field goal?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years was it between when the ruling Qajar dynasty of Persia had become corrupt and inefficient and when Tehran was seized by the Russians?
How many years was it between when the Persian Soviet Socialist Republic in Rasht was preparing to march on Tehran and when Tehran was seized by the Russians?
What happened first, the Persian Soviet Socialist Republic marched on Tehran, or the Qajar dynasty becoming corrupt?
Which happened first, Tehran being seized by the Russians, or Ahmad becoming shah?
Which happenend first, the British promoting Reza Khan, or Khan's detatchment reaching Tehran?
What nation relied on Britain and Russia for support?
How many countries occupied Persia during World War I?
How many nationalities were there in the guerilla force of 1,500?
How many years passed from when the  Persian Soviet Socialist Republic in Rasht was preparing to march on Tehran to when the British General Ironside chose to promote Reza Khan
Which part of 1920 did  Persian Soviet Socialist Republic in Rasht was preparing to march on Tehran?
What countries corruption caused an acute political crisis?
In which mineral was Persia rich with?
What was shocking to the British about Persia?
How many years after the Russians were expelled from Tehran did the British General Ironside promote Reza Khan to lead an entire brigade?
How many types of people were apart of the guerrilla force?
How many different things created an acute political crisis?
What was Persia rich with?
How many countries was Persia reliant on?
Which group was preparing to march on Tehran with a guerrilla force of 1,500 Jangalis?
How many years before Ahmad was crowded had the Russians seized Tehran?
When did Reza Khan did Tehran?
How many in percent from 2011-15 of families weren't below the poverty line?
How many in percent from 2011-15 of the population weren't below the poverty line?
How many in percent from 2011-15 of those under age 18 weren't below the poverty line?
How many in percent from 2011-15 of those age 65 or over weren't below the poverty line?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is larger: families or the population?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is smaller: families or the population?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is larger: families or under age 18?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is smaller: families or under age 18?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is larger: families or age 65 or over?
Which group in percent from 2011-15 that were below the poverty line is smaller: families or age 65 or over?
Which group from 2011-15 had a lower median income: male full-time workers or females?
Who had higher median incomes, families or households?
Were the median incomes lower for male full-time workers or females?
How many more dollars was the median income for male full-time workers than for females?
What age group had more people living below the poverty line, those under 18 or those over 65?
How many years does the "period" last?
How many more dollars was the median for a family's income than the average household?
How many more dollars was the median income of a male than an average household?
How many more dollars was the median income of a family household than the median income of a male?
How many more dollars was the median income of a male than a female?
How many more dollars was the median income of a household than a female?
How many more dollars was the median income of a family than a female?
How many percent of families were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of the population were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people under the age 18 were not below the poverty line?
How many percent of people 65 or over were not below the poverty line?
Which sex made less money on average?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
How many less dollars was the median household income than the Median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for females working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many percent of the population is not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of families is not living below the poverty line?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
How many less dollars was the median household income than the Median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for males working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median income for females working full-time than Per capita income for the city?
How many percent of the population is not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of families is not living below the poverty line?
How many more dollars was the median income for a family and the estimated median annual income for a household?
How many points did Cleveland win by?
How many yards was the shortest TD run?
How many  51-yard attempts were ruled no good?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many fieldgoals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Dawson kick?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were from under 35 yards?
What were the 3 shortest field goals?
How many more yards was the longest interception return than the shortest?
What were the 2 longest field goals?
How many total points were scored in regulation time?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson make in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Stover score in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Stover or Phil Dawson?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's last field goal than his first?
In what quarter did Matt Stover make his only field goals in?
How many yards was Phil Dawson's only missed field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's second field goal than his first?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make in the fourth quarter over 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's last field goal than his second?
How many touchdowns did Ahmad Bradshaw score?
How many turnovers did the Eagles commit?
Which team is Mike Shanahan on?
Which team lost?
How many turnovers were there in this game?
How many interceptions did Manning have?
How long was the longest field goal of the game?
Which running back got the first rushing touchdown?
Which kickers ended up making the first field goal?
Which player had the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team would go on to win the game?
How many yards difference was Adam Vinatieri’s last field goal compared to Emmanuel Sanders's field goal?
How many turnovers were there in the game?
How many touchdowns did Seattle score in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points did the teams combine for?
How many touchdowns did Rex Burkhead catch?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points did Brady have after three touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Rex Burkhead have in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Rob Gronkowski have in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Chris Hogan have in the first quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns did Mike Gillislee have?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many more passing touchdowns did the Patriots have than rushing touchdowns?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did New England win by?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first quarter?
What two countries where involved in the revolt?
Why did Portugal fight the dutch?
What did the Dutch want from Portugal in Africa?
Who replaced Philip IV of Spain?
Did the Dutch want to restore the occupied territories to Portugal?
How did the Dutch receive news of a revolt?
How many admirals supervised the 28 ships?
Which happened second, the seizure of Portugal's slaving depots or the expulsion of the Dutch?
What happened first: garrison of Recife was increased or a ten-year truce?
What happened second: garrison of Recife was increased or a ten-year truce?
Around how many soldiers were on each ship if spread out evenly?
How many people were in charge of naval operations?
who did  the Portuguese wanted to take  Philip IV's place
What did the Dutch want from the Portuguese?
How many years was the truce supposed to last?
Which countries broke the 10 year truce?
How many less Roman Catholics were there in 2011 compared to 1992?
Were there more Catholics in 2001 or 2011?
How many years was it between censuses?
How many other ethnic groups were also Catholics?
How many fewer people identified as Roman Catholics in 2011 than in 1992?
How many more people identified themselves as Roman Catholics in 1992 than in 2001?
How many years pass between each census?
How many more people declared themselves to be Roman Catholics in the Bulgarian census of 2011 then in the previous census of 2001?
How many years were between the Bulgarian census of 1992 and the Bulgarian census that followed it with 43,811 people declaring themselves to be Roman Catholics?
The first group of Bulgarian Catholics were descendants of which group, Eastern Orthodox converts or Paulicans of the Osam river?
Which year had the most people declare themselves Roman Catholics?
Which year had the least people declare themselves Roman Catholics?
How many more Roman Catholics were in the 2011 census than the 2001 census?
How many more Banat Bulgarians were there estimated to be than what was officially counted in the Romanian census??
Were there more Roman Catholics in Bulgaria in 1992 or 2001?
How many people did the Bulgarian Roman Catholic population increase by from 2001 to 2011?
How many people did the Bulgarian Catholic population decrease by from 1992 to 2011?
Which was greater, the decrease in the Bulgarian Catholic population from 1992 to 2001 or the increase from 2001 to 2011?
Which year had the least Roman Catholics, 2011, 2001 or 1992?
How many fewer people were Roman Catholic in 2011 compared with 1992?
How many more Roman Catholics were there in 1992 compared with 2001?
How many less people declared themselves  to be Roman Catholics in 2011 from 1992?
Which year had more Bulgarians declared themselves as Roman Catholics, 2011 or 2001?
What did the Balinese stop resisting the Dutch in exchange for?
How many times did the Dutch miltarily intervene in Bali before the 1908 intervention?
Which city did the Dutch quell the riots in first, Gelgel or Klungkung?
How many months after Klungkung was attacked did the Raja of Bangli submit to the Dutch?
In which cities did riots occur as a result of the Dutch actions?
How many months passed between the final confrontation in Klungung and the submission of the Raja of Bangli?
How many years did the reunification attempts last?
Which event happened first, defeating Nakhon Si Thammarat or defeating Phitsanulok?
What was the first city Taksin conquered?
What city did Taksin conquer last?
How many months after Taksin's first attempt at reunification was he crowned monarch?
Who did Taksin defeat first, Nakhon Si Thammarat or Phitsanulok?
who returned a 98 yard touchdown?
who scored  the last point?
what the shortest touchdown run?
How many total yards did Dawson kick for in the first quarter?
Which team scored more during the second quarter?
How many yards was Dawson's longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Lindell make than miss?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many turnovers did DeMeco Ryans have?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many quarters did Packers have a score?
How many times did Packers cross the midfield in the first half?
How many points did packers score in the second half?
Who won the game?
Who only scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Packers score in the second, third and fourth quarters?
How many quarters did the Packers not score in?
Which quarters were the Packers scoreless?
How many total yards were the field goals that Gould kicked in the first half?
How many yards did Winston throw for touchdown passes in the second half?
How many field goals did Connor Barth attempt to?
Which players threw touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould make in the first half?
How many touchdowns of over 40 did the Buccaneers score?
How many total yards if field goals did Robbie Gould make in the second half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many losses did the Lakers have in their first 36 games?
How many more games did the Lakers win in the 1991 NBA finals?
What happened after the 11 yard touchdown pass to Danny Amendola?
How many yards was Tom Brady's second touchdown pass?
Who returned an interception for 100 yards?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown of the game?
Which players caught the first two touchdown passes of the game?
Which players threw two touchdown passes?
How many total yards of all kinds did Darren Sproles have?
How many total wins did the Eagles and Redskins have after this game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd quarter?
Who caught the first touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many combined yards did Shane Andrus kick for the 49ers in the second half?
Which team scored first?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many second half field goals did Shane Andrus have?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals did Shane Andrus score in the fourth quarter?
Which kicker had the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest run for a touchdown?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals?
Which player had more field goals over 38 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Jay Feely kick?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
Which field goals did Jay Feely make?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 40 yards?
How many field goals between 15 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was there between Brian Westbrook's touchdown Michael Crabtree's touchdown?
How many total yards did the 49ers kick for field goals in the second half?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goals?
Which player had more field goals over 30 yards, Jay Feely or Shane Andrus
Which field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many total field goal yards did Jay Feely make?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
What happened in conjunction with Operation Victor II?
When were the rehearsal landings?
what month was operation Victor II launched?
What large vehicles had a rehearsal landing?
where were these large vehicles from
When did the Allies conduct rehearsal landings in Leyte?
How many infantry regiments did Major General William H. Arnold lead?
What date were rehearsal landings conducted in Leyte?
One what date did rehearsal landings take place before the battle for Cebu City began?
How many points were the Raiders in the lead at the end of the first quarter?
What type of score was the last of the third quarter?
After this game, the Raiders and Chargers had both won and lost how many games each?
How many points ahead were the Raiders at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
What was the last scoring play of the third quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Raiders winning by at halftime?
What players had rushing touchdowns?
What players had receiving touchdowns?
Which player made and missed a field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Raiders score in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Chargers trail by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were by Jason Campbell in the first quarter?
How many attempted field goals did Nate Kaeding have by halftime?
Which players made a field goal by halftime?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Raiders have by halftime?
How many different players scored a rushing touchdown for the Raiders in the game?
Which quarters did Nate Kaeding score a field goal?
Which quarterback scored the most touchdowns in the last two quarters?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which team scored a safety?
Which team gave up a safety?
Was Hillman's touchdown run longer in the first quarter or the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first two quarters?
How many field goals were 50 yards or longer?
How many field field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Whose first quarter touchdown was shorter, Buchanon's run or Patten's catch?
In the third quarter, how many yards longer was Gramatica's field goal than Bryants?
Which quarter was Brees' longest touchdown pass, the first or third?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Brees throw in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 40 yards were scored?
Which players score the two longest touchdowns of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the second longest?
How many yards longer was Bryant's first field goal compared with his last?
In which quarters were field goals scored?
How many points did the Buccaneers score?
What problem did Chris Simms have in pre-season?
How many interceptions did Simms throw?
How many yards did Carnell Williams average per rush?
How many touchdowns did the Buccaneers score?
How many interceptions did Chris Simms throw?
Which team had three interceptions?
Who threw the longest pass?
Which team scored the most points in the fourth quarter?
Who caught two touchdown passes?
Which team had more touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many passing touchdowns of less than 5-yards were scored?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Sage Rosenfels throw in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes longer than 1 yard did Sage Rosenfels throw?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which touchdown passes did Sage Rosenfels make?
How many yards was the shorest touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
Which player had the second longest touchdown in the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Which player scored a safety?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were there?
Which players caught 2 touchdwon passes?
Who had more touchdown catching yards, Maclin or Winslow?
How many yards longer was Maclin's longest touchdown catch compared with his shortest?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns did the Eagle's score than the Bucs?
How many wins did the Buccaneers have before this game for the season?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles have at halftime?
Which team scored the least points at halftime?
What was the longest yard pass by Stafford?
How many points did the Lions win the game?
How many TD pass yardage did Bryant receive from Romo?
From what distance did Dan Bailey make two field goals?
How many incomplete passes did Stafford throw?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Detroit win by?
How many incomplete passes did Stafford throw?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Detroit win by?
How many years did Mulhim Ma'an rule?
What was the title of Mulhim Ma'an?
What is the name of the city of Fakhr ad Din II's only surviving son?
What forces did Mulhim defeat in 1642?
How many years did Fakhr-al-Din II serve as Lord?
How many years did Mulhim Ma'an serve as Lord before his death?
Who ruled first, Mulhim Ma'an or Husayn?
How many years did Mulhim Ma'an serve?
How many years did Fakhr-al-Din II and his nephew rule?
What happened first: Fakhr-al-Din II recognized as Lord of Arabistan or Mulhim Ma'an dying?
What happened second: Fakhr-al-Din II recognized as Lord of Arabistan or Mulhim Ma'an dying?
In which year was the sultan no longer ruling?
In what year did Fakhr ad Din II die?
Who wasFakhr ad Din II's son?
How many districts of Lebanon did Emir Mulhim exercised Iltizam taxation rights?
How many years did Fakhr ad Din II rule?
how many yards did pittman run?
how many yards did bryant nail?
who scored first?
who scored last?
how many points di the buccaneers score?
Which quarter did both teams score?
How many defensive touchdowns were there in the second half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many wins did the buccaneers come into this game with?
Which player scored from a fumble in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yard difference was the longest and shortest field goals of the game?
How many years between Napoleon's defeat and the Declaration of independence?
How many years after Napoleon's defeat was the disagreement resolved with the Anglo-Dutch Treaty??
How many years passed between Dutch independence from Spain and the Congress of Vienna?
What happened first, the redrawing of Europe's borders or Napoleon's defeat?
How many years after the defeat of Napoleon was the port of Singapore ceded?
How many years after the declaration of independence from Spain were the Dutch reunited with the Southern Netherlands in a constitutional monarchy,the United Kingdom of the Netherlands?
How many years after the rivalry where Singapore had been ceded to the British East India Company by the sultan of Johore was a disagreement resolved with the Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
Which event happened first, Napoleon's defeat and Europe's borders being redrawn at the Congress of Vienna or the bankrupt Dutch East India Company being liquidated?
What happened first, a revolution, de facto Independence or the Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
When did the union between the Southern Netherlands and the Dutch end?
What year was the Dutch East India Company liquidated, 1815 or 1800?
Which country ceded from the Netherlands, Malacca or Singapore?
Where did the Dutch have their Spheres of Influence, East Indies or Malay Peninsula?
Where did the British have their Spheres of influence, Malay Peninsula or East Indies??
Who were the members of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands?
Who wanted to remove the British from Singapore?
What did the British have influence over?
What did the Dutch have influence over?
What did Britain control that the Dutch wanted?
How many years after the Dutch India Company was liquidated was Singapore ceded to the British East India Company?
How many points total did the Buccaneers score in the game?
How many points did the Buccaneers score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who had more touchdowns, Buccaneers or Falcons?
How many field goals did the Bucs' score in the game?
How many of Atlanta's yards were recorded by players other than Vick and Dunn?
How many more times did the Falcons score than the Bucs?
How long were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many of the Falcons' yards were not gained by Vick or Dunn?
Which team scored more points, Falcons or Cowboys?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many total yards were Bryant's second quarter field goals?
Whose field goals were more total yards, Bryant's second quarter field goals or Bailey's first quarter field goals?
Which quarter did both teams score?
How many total points were scored in the second half?
How many more field goals did Bryant kick compared to Bailey?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Bryant or Dan Bailey?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant score in the second quarter?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Dan Bailey make?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many more yards of field goals did Matt Bryant make than Dan Bailey?
How many more yards was Dan Bailey's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more yards was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more yards was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than Dan Bailey's longest field goal?
How many 32-yard field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points did the Falcons win the game by?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Matt Bryant make?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Bryant or Dan Bailey ?
How many points ahead were the Cowboys at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
HOw many of Dan Bailey's field goals were over 30 yards?
What all field goals did Matt Bryant make?
Which player kicked a field in the fourth quarter?
What all field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
Who booted the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who are the players that completed TD passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the first field goal of the game compared to the last?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
What was the last scoring play of the game?
What percentage of Bulgarians are non-Orthodox Christians?
What is this paragraph mainly about?
In the 2001 census, were there more Orthodox Christians or Muslims in Bulgaria?
What does the constitution call Orthodoxy?
How many years was it from the time the Bulgarian Orthodox Church was founded until it became autocephalous?
How many Bulgarians in percent didn't declare themselves Orthodox Christians in the 2001 census?
How many more Bulgarians in percent declared themselves Orthodox Christians than Muslim?
What happened first: the Bulgarian Exarchate or the Bulgarian Patriarchate?
What happened second: the Bulgarian Exarchate or the Bulgarian Patriarchate?
How many years after the Bulgarian Orthodox Church was founded did it get autocephalous status?
Which happened first, the establishment of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church or census of 2001?
What was the church known as first, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church or the Bulgarian Patriarchate?
How many percents of the 2001 census declared not being Orthodox Christians?
What came first, the Bulgarian Exarchate or the Bulgarian Patriarchate?
How many years after the church was re-established in the form of the Bulgarian Exarchate, did it re-establish again as the Bulgarian Patriarchate?
How many percentages did Muslims and other religions combine according to the 2001 census?
How many in percent in Bulgaria from the census weren't Orthodox Christian?
How many in percent in Bulgaria from the census weren't Muslim?
How many in percent in Bulgaria from the census weren't atheist?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is larger: Orthodox Christians or Muslim?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is smaller: Orthodox Christians or Muslim?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is larger: Orthodox Christians or other Christian denominations?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is smaller: Orthodox Christians or other Christian denominations?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is larger: Orthodox Christians or other religions?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is smaller: Orthodox Christians or other religions?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is larger: Orthodox Christians or atheists?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is smaller: Orthodox Christians or atheists?
Which religious group in Bulgaria from the census is larger: Muslim or atheists?
Did more Italians die in Croatia or after the armistice?
Where did most of the Italian casualties happen?
Where did more casualties happen, Montenegro or Dalmatia?
How many total casualties did the Italians endure during the occupation and after?
Where were there more casualties, Croatia or Montenegro?
How many more casualties were there in Montenegro than in Dalmatia?
Where did Italians suffer the most casualties?
How many countries did Italians have over 10,000 casualties in during the occupation?
How many more Italians died in Bosnia and Herzegovina than in Croatia?
Which country had the highest Italian losses, Montenegro or Croatia?
Which country had the smallest number of Italian casualties?
Which country had larger Italian casualties, Dalmatia or Montenegro?
How many more Italian casulties occured during the occupation of Yugoslavia than died during Operation Achse or after joining Yugoslav partisans?
How many total Italians died during their occupation of Yugoslavia and after the armistice put together?
How many more soldiers were lost in Montenegro lose than Dalmatia?
How many more soldiers did the Italians lose in Dalmatia than Slovenia?
How many more men did the Italians lose in Bosnia & Herzegovina than they lost in Slovenia?
How many areas did the Italians lose soldiers in?
Which territories did the Italians lose soldiers in?
Which three countries caused the Italians the highest number of losses?
How many more casualties did the Italians have in Croatia than they had in Montenegro?
Which two countries saw the fewest Italian casualties?
In which country did the Italians have the smallest amount of casualties during their occupation of Yugoslavia?
How many more casualties did the Italians have casualties during their occupation of Yugoslavia than post-armistice?
When did the post-armistice deaths occur among the Italians?
How many points did the Bears win by at the 1941 meeting?
How many points did the Packers win the 2011 meeting by?
How many points did the Packers lose by at the 1921 meeting?
How many more games have the Packers won against the Bears?
How many times have the Packers and Bears tied?
How many postseason games have the Packers played against the Bears?
How many more points did the Bears score than the Packers in their 1941 game?
Which two teams did the Bears defeat in the 1941 postseason?
In the 2011 NFL Championship Game, how many total points were scored?
In the first game between the Packers and the Bears, how many points did the Bears win by?
The first time the Packers beat the Bears, how many points did they win by?
How many points did the Bears win the 1941 meeting?
Which team lost the 2011 meeting, the Packers or the Pittsburgh Steelers?
How many points did the Packers win the 1925 game against the Bears?
Which team lost the game in 1921, Green Bay packers or the Bears?
How many persons mentioned in that passage?
List the  important human name mentioned in that passage?
How many years after the Transcontinental Telegraph was laid on the route were transportation and telegraphy switched to the Transcontinental Railroad?
How many years after Simpson began resurveying trails from Fort Leavenworth to Utah did Wells Fargo & Co. haul mail, freight, and passengers along his route?
What were all the states Simpson went thru in May 1859?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
How many TD passes did Michael Vick throw?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fewest field goals?
Which player scored in overtime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Cardinals have after the 1st quarter?
How many touchdowns did Kurt Warner have?
Which Cardinal caught 2 touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes were there?
How many field goals did Neil Racker make that were longer than 25 yards?
How many field goals did Neil Racker make that were shorter than 25 yards?
Which player received most TD passes from Warner?
How many more TD passes did Boldin receive from Warner than Fitzgerald recieved from Warner?
How many five yard TD passes did Warner throw?
How many more yards was Warner's longest TD pass over his shortest one?
Who booted the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Rackers kick over Nedney?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Rackers boot?
How many yards longer was Rackers' longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game over the shortest?
Who had two touchdown receptions?
Which team scored last?
How many total yards did Shaun Hill pass for on touchdown passes?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Joe Nedney kick?
How many yards shorter was Neil Rackers first field goal from his second?
Which was released first, ActionScript of Macromedia Flex?
Which did speedtest.net use last, Adobe Flash or HTML5?
For how many years did Speedtest.net use AdobeFlash?
Which was introduced first, ActionScript or Macromedia Flex?
How many years did Speedtest.net use an RIA built with Adobe Flash?
How many years after Flash 5 introduced ActionScript was Macromedia Flex released?
How many years did Speedtest.net web service spend conducting over 9.0 billion speed tests using an RIA built with Adobe Flash Player on PCs?
How many years after Flash 5 was introduced was Macromedia Flex introduced?
How many languages did Flex compete with?
How many years were there 9 billion speed tests conducted?
What version of ActionScript is used for RIAs?
What purpose did Flex have?
What was released first, ActionScript or Macromedia Flex?
How many years did Speedtest.net use Adobe Flash?
What software can you use to make Flash applications with ActionScript?
Which came first, ActionScript or Macromedia Flex?
How many years did the Speedtest.net web service conduct over 9.0 billion speed tests using an RIA built with Adobe Flash?
How many years spanned between Martin de Ursua becoming Governor-General of the Phillippines and the 1714 census?
What did Martín de Ursúa take up in 1709?
What caused the population of Petén to fall to just over 3000 people in 1714?
How many is the difference between the minimum and maximum population estimates around Lake Petén Itzá in 1697?
Who was not counted in the 1714 census?
Who were the old enemies of the Itza?
who signed the truce ?
who was king od poland
what ended war
whose brother was in charge
who had mostly ingria
how many past holdings were lost
what did magnus do
how wa sthe battle of wenden
when did magnus die
How many years did Russia dominate the region?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Russia dominating the region with early military successes, or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
What event happened last, Russian dominating the region with early military successes, or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
What event happened first, Magnus's defection, or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
What event happened last, Magnus's defection, or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
For how many years had Sweden and Denmark both intervened during the Russian dissolution of the Livonian Confederation which brought Poland-Lithuania into the conflict?
Which happened first, the signing of the Truce of Plussa, or the old Bishopric of Ösel-Wiek was placed under control of Magnus of Holstein?
Which happened last, the Battle of Wenden or the siege of Pskov?
How many years in total did Sweden and Denmark both intervened between?
Which happened first, Stefan Batory becoming King of Poland or the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
Which year did Sweden and Russia sign the Truce of Plussa?
How many countries was the Truce of Plussa between?
How many years after Stefan Batory became King of Poland did the war between Russia and Poland-Lithuania end?
In what year was the Truce of Plussa signed?
Which happened first, the Truce of Jam Zapolski or when Stefan Batory became kind of Poland?
How many years was the span of time where Stefan Batory turned the tide of the war with his successes?
Which country had NOT dominated the region by early military victories at Narva and Dorpat, Denmark or Russia?
How many groups formed the initial coalition against the Tsardom of Russia?
How many years after Magnus' defection did the Truce of Jam Zapolski occur?
How many years after the Truce of Jam Zapolski did the Truce of Plussa occur?
Which happened first, the Truce of Jam Zapolski or the Truce of Plussa?
By Feburary 17 how many cities were taken over?
What does ARF stand for?
How long was the rebellion?
Four days after the ARF began a rebellion, they took over what towns?
How many days after beginning the rebellion, did the Bolsheviks try to attack Yerevan?
How many days after beginning the rebellion, were the Bolsheviks forced to retreat from Yerevan ?
How many months after beginning the rebellion, did the Bolsheviks attack Artashat?
How many passing yards did Hundley have in the opening drive?
How many yards was the winning touchdown?
How many passing yards did Hundley have after the Packers' opening drive?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Packers score to tie the game with two minutes to play?
Which defensive player scored a touchdown?
How many points did The Packers lead by at halftime?
how many yards did orton pass?
how many yards did cassel pass?
how many yards did orton pass?
how many yards did cassel pass?
How many touchdowns in total were scored?
How many touchdown passes under 10 yards were completed?
How many yards total did all passing touchdowns amount to?
How many rushing touchdowns under 5 yards were scored in the game?
Which players scored touchdowns from less than 10 yards?
How many years did the National Labor Union operate for until it was dissolved?
How many years did it take for the Knights of St. Crispin to formally admit women?
Which happened first, the founding of the National Labor Union or the forming of the Daughters of St. Crispin?
Which happened first, the forming of the Daughters of St. Crispin or the Knights of St. Crispin formally admitting women?
How many years did it take for the Knights to formally admit women after being founded?
How many years did the National Labor Union exist?
Which was founded first, the Daughters or the Knights of St. Crispin?
How many years did the National Labor Union last before it was dissolved?
The Daughters of St. Crispin was formed how many years after the national labor union was formed?
How many years after being founded did the regional Order of the Knights have 50,000 members?
What was founded first, Order of the Knights of St. Crispin or the Daughters of St. Crispin?
How many years passed between the National Labor Union foundation and the dissolvation of the Union?
How many years was the National Labor Union in existence for?
What was founded first, the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin or the National Labor Union?
How many years was it before the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin formally admitted women?
What was founded first, the Daughters of St. Crispin or the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin?
How many years was the National Labor Union active?
How many years did the National Labor Union and the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin overlap?
How many years did it take for the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin to reach 50,000 members?
How many years after its founding did the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin admit women?
How many years did it take for women to reach 10 percent of members in the Order of the Knights of St. Crispin ?
Which groups were active in 1867?
How many years after the founding of the Daughters of St. Crispoin were women admitted into the Knights?
How many years did the National Labor Union last?
Which was founded first, the regional Order of the Knights of St. Crispin or the National Labor Union?
How many years after the Knights of St. Crispin was founded did it admit women?
How many years after the Knights of St. Crispin was founded was the Daughters fo St. Crispin formed?
Which was formed first, The Knights of St. Crispin or the Daughters of St. Crispin?
How many more people are in the estimated 2017 populatioon for the 12-city Denver-Aurora, CO Combined Statistical Area then the 10-county Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area?
Denver is named as the best place to live by which entity, Globalization and World Cities Research Network or U.S. News & World Report?
How widespread was resistance to the conscription upon the introduction of the new law?
How many more senators voted for the war resolution than against it?
How many more House members voted for the war resolution than against it?
How many days did American men have to register for the draft?
How many months did these events span?
What event happened first, Wilson being sword into a second term of office, or the draft bill becoming law?
How many more votes were there for a declaration of war on Germany than against it?
How many months passed between the appearance of Woodrow Wilson before Congress and the initiation of the draft?
How many votes did the draft bill pass by in the Senate?
How many votes did the draft bill pass by in the House?
How many days passed between the passage of the draft bill and the registration of all eligible young men nationwide?
How many days passed between the first registration of young men for the draft and Newton D. Baker drawing numbers for mandatory service?
How many more House members voted to go to war than opposed it?
How many total votes were there in the Senate?
How many days after the draft bill became law were men supposed to register?
How many days after the draft registration were numbers drawn to send men to war?
How many more members of the house voted to go to war than opposed it?
How many total votes were there in the Senate?
How many more votes in the house were in agreement to declare war against Imperial Germany compared to those who disagreed?
How many days after the draft bill became a law did all eligible young men nationwide have to register?
How many days after all young men nationwide had to register for the draft did Newton D. Baker draw numbers blindfolded choosing young men for military service?
What was the position of the person who drew the numbers for the draft?
What did young American men sign up for and were calmly resigned to doing, having accepted their fate?
How many members of Congress voted against the declaration of war?
How many members of Congress voted for the declaration of war?
How many yards difference was there  Cam Newton and Russell Wilson's total yards?
Which quarterback threw for less yards, Wilson or Newton?
Who threw for more yards in the game, Russell Wilson or Cam Newton?
How many interceptions were thrown in the game?
who replaced tony
who was tony's team
How many touchdowns did Romo throw?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points separated the two teams?
How many points did Carolina win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many touchdowns did Tony Romo throw in this game?
How many total points were scored in this game?
How many months was the meeting to declare White Karelia independent?
What happened first: the Russian White Army retreated towards the Repola-Porajärvi area or Juho Vennola's government agreed to have Finland intervene to help dissidents?
What happened second: the Russian White Army retreated towards the Repola-Porajärvi area or Juho Vennola's government agreed to have Finland intervene to help dissidents?
What happened first uprisings in Karelia or elections?
What did Finland receive from the RSFSR?
What happened first the temporary government fled to Finland or that Finland decided to intervene in Repola and Porajarvi?
How many years after the the Russian White Army retreated towards the Repola-Porajärvi area did uprisings in White Karelia begin?
Which team lost the game?
How many more games had the Texans lost after this game than they won in the season?
How many touchdowns did the Texans make in the first half of the game?
How many field goals did the Texans make in the first half of the game?
Who caught a 10-yard touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown reception over the next longest?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many more yards was the touchdown with the most yards than the next longest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown play of the game?
How many touchdown plays were exactly 20 yards?
How many touchdown plays was Vince Young a part of?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest passing touchdown than the shortest?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who made the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team lost the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there?
From what distance did both teams throw a touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made from 40 yards or further?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Gostkowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals occurred in the fourth quarter?
How many is the difference between the number of yards of the TD run by Benson and the number of the total score for the Bengals?
How many is the difference between the number of yards of the TD run by Benson and the number of the total score for the Colts?
How many total points were scored before halftime?
How many points did the Bengals win the game by?
Which team scored first?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
Which was written first, "'Who is My Neighbor?' The Missionary Ideals of Manuel da Nóbrega." , or "Comparing Colonial Cultural experiences: Religious Syncretism inBrazil, Mexico and North America." ?
Who published Apostle of Brazil?
What was the last name of the autor of "Comparing Colonial Cultural experiences: Religious Syncretism inBrazil, Mexico and North America?"
What book did Helen G. Dominan write?
Which happened first, the defeat at Tampere, or the conquering of Patterinmäki?
Who lost more troops on 29 April 1918 - the Whites or the Reds?
What happened first, the Defeat in Tampere or the Retreat east by the Red Guards?
How many died in total in the 1918 uprising assuming 600 reds died?
How many more whites were there compared to red in the Vyborg area?
Did the Red last symbolic last stand or The red connection to Petrograd get severed first?
How many more Whites were there than Reds?
How many days was the time span where the Whites were able to cut the Reds' connection to Petrograd and weaken the troops on the Karelian Isthmus?
Which army did more men perish, the Whites or the Reds?
How many days after the final attack began did the Whites conquer Patterinmäki?
How many more of were advancing from the White Army than were defending from the Red Guards?
Who suffered more casualties, the White Army or the Red Guards?
How many touchdowns did Goodson score?
How many touchdowns did Hillis score?
How many touchdown runs were made in the second quarter?
Which team scored the most points?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which running back had the longest touchdown rush of the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals were attempted in the game?
Who made the TD run over 20 yards?
Who made the TD run that was under 10 yards?
Who scored the field goal from the most yards?
Which player attempted a field goal and failed?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which QB threw more TD passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How long were each of Tom Brady's touchdown passes?
Who did Tom Brady throw two first-half touchdown passes to?
From what distance did three players score touchdowns?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brady or Palmer?
How many touchdown passes went for over 20 yards in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
how many yards did gostkowski hit?
how many yards did brady pass?
how many yards did brady pass to welker?
how many yards did guyton return?
How many touchdowns did the Packers score?
How many touchdowns did the Rams score?
Who caught a 93 yard touchdown reception?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Rams win by?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many more touchdowns did Rodgers throw than Bradford?
How many more yards did Bradford pass for than Rodgers?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many points were scored in the second half?
Which was the top-selling PC game first, The Sims, or Myst?
How many years was The Sims the countrys best-selling computer game?
How many years was the Sims the country's best selling computer game?
How many years was Sims the United States best-selling computer game?
Which game systems was the Sims ranked as the 45th highest-selling game launched for by Next Generation between January 2000 and July 2006 in the United States?
Which game sold more copies, The Sims or Myst?
How many years was Sims the bestselling computer game between 2000-2006?
How many more millions did Sims make in August 2006 than July 2006?
How many Indians were wounded and killed from Captain Penhallow's discharged musketry?
What happened first: Captain Penhallow discharged musketry or Thomas Westbrook led 230 men?
What happened second: Captain Penhallow discharged musketry or Thomas Westbrook led 230 men?
Which arrived with more men,  Col. Walton and Capt. Harman or Captains Penhallow and Temple?
Who was winning at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the Cowboys lose the game by?
How many points ahead were the Cowboys after Bailey's 30-yard field goal?
How many field goals were converted from a distance over 40 yards?
How many field goals from a distance great than 50 yards did Dan Bailey make?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Alex Smith or Tony Romo?
How many more touchdown passes did Alex Smith make over Tony Romo?
Which touchdown passes did Alex Smith make?
How many total yards did Alex Smith throw for touchdown passes?
How many total field goal yards did Dan Bailey make?
Which player scored the third  longest field goal?
how many yards did romo get?
how many points did the cowboys lead by?
how many points did the cowboys lead by?
how many points did the cowboys lead by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Cowboys losing by at halftime?
How many points were the Cowboys winning by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did tje Cowboys lead by at halftime?
What was the outcome of the onside kick?
Who had the most rushing yards in the game?
How many yards did the longest touchdown pass go for?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
What all field goals did Robbie Gould make?
What all field goals did X make in the first half?
How many total yards did Robbie Gould kick for field goals in the first half?
How many total yards did Robbie Gould kick for field goals in the second half?
What all field goals did X make in the second half?
What all touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers make?
How many yards difference was Aaron Rodgers’s touchdown pass to  Randall Cobb than Aaron Rodgers’s second touchdown pass to James Jones?
How many yards difference was Aaron Rodgers’s first touchdown pass to James Jones than Aaron Rodgers’s second touchdown pass to James Jones?
How many number of start was Tom Brady making?
How many place is Tom Brady tied with for career starts?
How many points is the former amount after the 14 yard touchdown pass?
How many points is the latter amount after the 14 yard touchdown pass?
How many wins did Tom Brady have after this win?
How many interceptions were there in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
How many yards was the longest Patriots field goal?
How many points did New England win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team won the game?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Stephen Gostkowski or Greg Zuerlein?
How many years were there between the Treaty of Brömsebro and the Treaty of Roskilde?
How many islands did the Swedes capture?
Which treaty came second, Treaty of Roskilde 1658 or Bromsebro 1645?
How many provinces did Denmark-Norway yield?
How many Treaties were there?
What island did the Swedish army march to across the frozen strait?
What country's capital did the Swedish army threaten when they continued to Zealand?
How many islands did the Swedes capture in early 1958?
How many years passed between the signing of the Treaty of Brömsebro and the Treaty of Roskilde?
How many leaders did the Apaches have when they left the reservations?
How many years after the defeat of Geronimo did John K. Mizner get transferred to the Department of Dakota?
How many more enlisted men received the Medal of Honor than officers during the Indian Wars?
How many years after the regiment was transferred to the Department of Arizona did Geronimo surrender?
How many years after the regiment ws transffered to the Department of Arizona was it then transffered to the Department of Dakota?
For how many years did the 10th regiment serve at various posts in Montana and the Dakotas?
How many men in all won the Medal of Honor during the Indian Wars?
How many years after the regiment was transferred to the Department of Arizona was it transferred to the Department of Dakota?
How many men led the Apaches?
How many years did the Shang rule from according to Lui Xin?
How many years did the Shang rule from according to Bamboo Annals?
How many years did the Shang rule according to the Xia-Shang-Zhou Chronology Project?
Which ruled first, the Yin dynasty, or the Xia dynasty?
Which ruled first, the Shang dynasty, or the Zhou dynasty?
How many years did the Shang rule?
What happened first: Yin dynasty or Xia dynasty?
What happened second: Yin dynasty or Xia dynasty?
What happened first: Shang dynasty or Zhou dynasty?
What happened second: Shang dynasty or Zhou dynasty?
Which two chronologies give the same end date for the Shang dynasty?
How many years do the Bamboo Annals and the Xia-Shang-Zhou Chronology Project differ by for the length of the Shang dynasty?
What dynasty came after the Shang Dynasty?
Which team ended the first half with the lead?
How many points did the Giants trail when they were on their 14-yard line?
Which player scored the first points?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri make in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there?
Who caught a 34-yard touchdown pass?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Eli Manning or Peyton Manning?
How many yards shorter was Eli Manning's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who became the NFL's career touchdown leader?
How many touchdowns did Rivers throw?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have?
How many touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb have?
How many field goals did David Akers make?
Which player scored the first TD?
How many touchdowns did Tomlinson score?
How many 4th quarter touchdown passes did McNabb throw?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Tomlinson score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, David Akers or Nate Kaeding?
How many 20 yard touchdowns were scored?
Which players scored 20 yard touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have in the first half?
Which team did not score during the first quarter?
How many field goals did Akers have during the first half?
Which kicked had the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes of less than 10 yards did McNabb throw?
How many siblings does he have?
Which event happened first, Dennis Cussen running in the Amsterdam Olympics or scoring a famous hat-trick of tries against England playing rugby?
How many sons did Pádraig Ó Snodaigh and artist Cliodhna Cussen have?
Who was married to Padraig O Snodaigh?
How many brothers did he have?
How many brothers did he have?
Which happened first, Dennis Cussen running the Amsterdam Olympics or scoring a famous hat-trick of tries against England?
How many years after the famous hat-trick of tries against England in 1926 did Dennis Cussen run in the Amsterdam Olympics?
How many years pass between Cussen's famous hat-trick of tries against England and Cussen running in the Olympics?
How many brothers did he have?
What two jobs did his father hold?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Ravens?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which team scored a safety?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass over the shortest one?
Who won the game?
How many times did Oakland turn the ball over?
Which player had the most yards for Buffalo?
How many wins did the Bills have after this game?
How many touchdowns did the Raiders have in the game?
How many defensive touchdowns happened in the game?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run from Sanchez and the field goal made by Feely?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run from Sanchez and the yards of the field goal made by Bironas?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run from Sanchez and the yards of the TD pass to Washington?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run from Sanchez and the yards of the TD pass to Cotchery?
How many touchdowns did the Jets score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Mark Sanchez have in the game?
How many points did the Jets score in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns did Mark Sanchez have?
Which receiver had the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Titans trailing by at the half?
Who had trouble scoring the first quarter?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many yards combined are the two longest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Mark Sanchez or Kerry Collins?
How many more touchdown passes did Mark Sanchez make over Kerry Collins?
Which touchdown passes did Mark Sanchez make?
How many yards longer was Mark Sanchez's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 50 yards did Mark Sanchez make?
How many total yards did Mark Sanchez throw for touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 25 yards were made?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players had at least two touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns did the New York Jets score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
who had home advantage in week 2?
when did the niners recover?
In the fourth quarter, what did the 49ers after the touchdown, a field goal or two point conversion??
Which team scored more touchdowns in the second half?
Who kicked a field goal under 20 yards?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many 2-point conversion passes were made in the game in total?
Which team scored the most points during the game?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many more touchdown passes did Drew Brees get than Alex Smith?
How many of the 3 touchdown passes were from over 5 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Garrett Hartley score?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick?
Which team failed to convert a two point try?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many yards difference exists between the longest touchdown and the shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards in field goals did Stover kick in the first half?
How many more field goals did Stover kick in the first half than in the second half?
How many yards longer was Gore's touchdown run than Addai's touchdown pass in the fourth quarter?
Which player's scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in total?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins kick?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many yards was the second longest offensive touchdown?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and second longest touchdown runs?
In which quarter did both teams score?
Which kicker had the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
Which kicker had the most field goals before the third quarter?
Which receiver had the longest pass for a TD?
How many total yards did the Rams have for every TD they scored before the third quarter?
Which player had the most yards for a TD in the first quarter?
Which QB had the longest completed pass for a TD?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
What happened first: Lutherans in India became entirely autonomous or the first Lutheran missionaries reached Japan?
What happened second: Lutherans in India became entirely autonomous or the first Lutheran missionaries reached Japan?
Which happened later, the first Lutheran missionaries reaching Japan or the founding of the Lutheran Mission in New Guinea?
Which happened later, European traders bringing Lutheranism to Africa or the founding of the Lutheran Mission in New Guinea?
Which happened later, Lutheran missionaries reaching Japan or German missionaries being expelled from India?
How many types of missionary activity were there in Africa in the early 19th century?
Who promoted Lutheranism in India first, Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg or Karl Graul?
Which happened first, Lutheran missionaries going to Japan, or the expulsion of the German missionaries?
Which occurred first, missionaries beginning a ministry in Taiwan, or the Luteran Mission in New Guinea?
How many centuries after European traders brought Lutheranism to Africa did sizable Lutheran missions arise?
How many factors were involved in the missionary activity of the 19th century in Africa?
Who worked to bring Lutheranism to India first, Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg or Karl Graul?
How many years after the missionaries reached Japan were German missionaries expelled from India?
Where did the Lutheran missionaries go first, China or Taiwan?
Did the missionaries go to Hong Kong first, or New Guinea?
How many total artifacts from Serbia and Bulgaria have been dated to before 4000 BC?
Where did tin bronze develop first, in the Near East or in Europe?
How many artefacts from Serbia and Bulgaria are dated to before 4000 BC?
Based on the artifacts we have found thus far, who was first to develop tin bronze, Europe or the Near East?
How many artifacts from Serbia and Bulgaria are dated before 4000 BC?
What kind of tin bronze artifact is found in Serbia?
From which year is the The oldest securely dated tin bronze artifact
How many countries can you find artifacts that are dated to before 4000 BC?
Where did tin bronze originate?
Which people coincide with the complex tin bronze no longer being in production?
How many tin bronze artefacts from Servia and Bulgaria are dated to before 4000 BC?
How many years were there from the introduction of complex tin bronzes till the reintroduction in Balkans?
Which came first, tin bronze intoduction in the Balkans or in the Near East?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did Dallas win by?
How many days did the Portuguese siege last?
What happened second: Boaventura escaping or surrendering?
How many people at a minimum were killed and captured in the siege of Cablac?
How many more Timorese were captured than killed or wounded?
How many days did the siege last?
How many more Timorese were captured than killed or wounded?
How many of the main rebel group survived?
How many days did the Portuguese siege last?
How many months after the siege began did Boaventura surrender?
How many months did the siege last?
Which quarter did not have a touchdown?
Which Eagle defender scored a touchdown?
what was the score at the end of the second quarter?
who won the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
Which player made two touchdown passes in the first quarter?
By how many points were the Eagles ahead at the half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns, Wentz or Cousins?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Redskins trail by halftime?
Where did Saint Jean de Brebeuf travel to first, New France or France?
How many years did Saint Jean de Brefeuf spend in France?
How many years after Brebeuf was beatfied was he canonized as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church?
How many years after Saint Jean de Brebeuf left France was he tortured and killed after an Iroquois raid took over a Huron village?
How many years elapsed between the time Saint Jean de Brébeuf died and was canonized?
How many year elapsed between the time Saint Jean de Brébeuf traveled to New France and the time he was beatified?
How many years between the time Saint Jean de Brébeuf traveled to New France and the time he returned to France?
How many years did Saint Jean de Brébeuf stay in France away from the Huron?
How many years after travelling to New France was Saint Jean de Brébeuf captured?
How many years after his death was Saint Jean de Brébeuf beatified?
How many years did Saint Jean de Brébeuf stay in New France before he went back to France for a few years?
When Saint Jean de Brébeuf wnet back to France, how many years did he stay there?
How many years after his death was Saint Jean de Brébeuf beatified?
How many years did Brebeuf not work for Huron?
What happened first, Brebeuf was beatified or canonized as saints with his missionaries?
How many years did Saint spend in France?
How many years after Saint Jean de Brébeuf was killed was he beatified?
How many years after Saint Jean de Brébeuf was beatified was he canonized as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church?
How many years after Saint Jean de Brébeuf traveled to New France was he tortured and killed?
What was the final score?
How many yards was the Glennon to Jenkins touchdown?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Seferian-Jenkins and the yards of the pass caught at the 27 yard line?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Seferian Jenkins and the yards of the TD run by Barr?
How many is the difference in the yards of the pass caught at the 27 yard line and the yards of the TD run by Barr?
how many yards did Glennon throw?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did both teams score this game?
Which team allowed the most points?
Who scored the final points against the Buccaneers?
Which team scored on their first possession in overtime?
How many points did the Buccaneers trail by at the start of the fourth quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points did Minnesota lead in the first?
How many points did Minnesota fall behind in the fourth?
how many yards did glennon throw?
how many minutes were left for Jenkins to pass?
How many points did the Bucks lead?
how many yards did jenkins catch?
How many passes did Austin Seferian-Jenkins catch from under 10 yards?
Which plays gave the Bills the win?
How did the Bills take the lead in the third quarter?
How many points did the bills put up by the end of the third quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
Which player scored the first points?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal, Matt Prater or Rian Lindell?
How many field goals over 28 yards did Rian Lindell kick?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's second field goal over his first one?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
The Choctaw pursued their familiar hit and run tactics for what?
who pursued their familiar hit and run tactics?
What Bienville  done after he returned to Louisiana?
What nationality was Bienville?
Who alligned with Britain?
How many Indian tribes fought against the Chickasaw?
How many years was Bienville in France before returning to Louisiana?
How many northern tribes helped the Choctaw?
How many years did Bienville spend away from Louisianna?
Which tribe had fewer fighters?
How many years was Bienville recalled to France for?
What happened to Bienville in 1724?
How many years was Bienville gone from the Americas?
What did the Chickasaw need from the British?
How many years was Bienville away from Louisiana?
Who was the enemy of the Chickasaw?
How many years after inciting the Choctaw was Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville recalled to France?
How many years did Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville leave before returning to Louisiana?
How many more points did the Redskins have compared to Carolina at the end of the game?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Campbell throw?
How many of the passes that Campbell thew were not caught?
How many incomplete passes did the Redskins have?
Which team allowed the most points at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which player caught the longest touchdown?
Which team allowed the most points at the final?
Who caught the only interception?
How many times did somebody score in the first half?
What happened after Cutler completed a 71-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Marshall?
How many field goals did Josh Brown kick?
How many points did Brown's field goals result into?
Who received the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown kick?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's third field goal over his first one?
How many touchdowns were scored during the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were there during the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
Which kicker had fewer total yards, Brown or Elam?
How many touchdowns longer than 20 yards were scored?
How many more yards was Cutler's longest touchdown pass compared with his shortest?
In which quarter did only one team score?
In 1344 how many towns were surrendered along the river Evros?
In 1344 how many towns in northern Thrace were surrendered?
When was Momchil defeated?
When did Momchil die?
Which happened earlier, the Battle of Stephaniana or the death of Momchil?
Which army had more men, Momchil's or Kantakouzenos and Umur's?
At which battle did Momchil die?
How many total towns were surrendered?
Who controlled Smyrna?
What year did Umur return from Smyrna?
How many armies clashed at Perithorion?
What happened first, the crushing of Momchil's army or the Turkish Forces getting attacked by the Serbs?
Who had the largest army?
What happened first, the clash at Peritheorion or the regency concluding a further alliance with Bulgaria?
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
How many field goals were made in the 3rd quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw?
Which team had just beat the Ravens in the week prior?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Denver score in the first half?
Which player scored the second Touchdown for the Broncos?
Which player scored the second TD of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
Which team got the first takeaway of the game?
Which player had the shortest TD of the game?
How many interceptions did Talib have the week before?
How many points did the Chiefs score on their last drive?
Which team forced a fumble in the fourth quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which player forced the first turnover of the game?
How many touchdown passes were longer than 20 yards?
How many touchdowns shorter than 10 yards were scored?
Which player had the longest field goal of the game?
Which quarterback threw for more interceptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which player threw the most touchdown passes by halftime?
Which players scored field goals in the third quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
What month did the Soviets and Poles attack Poland?
Leaders from which nationals met for the Yalta Conference and on what date?
Whe did the Western Allies finnaly pushed over in Italy and what cities did they captured?
Where did American and Soviet forces met and on what date?
How many years passed from when Germany made a last attempt on the Western Front to when President Roosevelt died and was succeeded by Harry S. Truman
How many days passed from President Roosevelt's death to when Hitler committed suicide?
what happened two days before Hitler committed suicide?
What important event happened on April 30th?
How many months passed between Germany launching a massive counter-offensive in the Ardennes and the Soviets and Poles overrunning East Prussia?
What happened first, the Yalta Conference or Germany's last attempt on the Western Front?
How many issues were agreed upon in the Yalta Conference?
How many months did it take the Western Allies to cross the Rhine river?
How many monts did it take after the Western Allies crossed the Rhine river for them to capture Hamburg and Nuremberg?
How many months did it take Soviet and Polish forces to get from Pomerania to Berlin?
How many days after American and Soviet forces met at the Elbe river was the Reichstag captured?
How many days before the Reichstag was captured did President Roosevelt die?
How many days after President Roosevelt died did Mussolini die?
What happened first: launch a massive counter-offensive or overran East Prussia?
What happened second: launch a massive counter-offensive or overran East Prussia?
What happened first: Reichstag was captured or President Roosevelt died?
What happened second: Reichstag was captured or President Roosevelt died?
How many months after the Soviets and Poles attacked Poland did the Soviet, British and US leaders meet for the Yalta Conference?
How many months after the Soviets entered Silesia and Pomerania did the Soviet and Polish forces storm Berlin?
How many days after the American and Soviet forces met at the Elbe river was the Reichstag captured?
Which event happened first, the military defeat of Nazi Germany or the death of President Roosevelt?
On what date did Hitler commit suicide?
When did Hitler commit suicide?
Which death happened last, Roosevelt or Hitler?
Who died first, Mussolini or Hitler?
When did Hitler die?
Who died first, Roosevelt or Mussolini?
How many days before Mussolini's death had Roosevelt died?
How many years did the RAAF contributed Caribou STOL transport aircraft as part of the RAAF Transport Flight Vietnam?
How many months passed between their aircraft being recovered and the remains of Michael Herbert and Robert Carver being found?
How many RAAF were killed in Vietnam?
How many RAAF were wounded in action and injured in Vietnam?
How many more bunkers were destroyed than structures and sampans?
How many more people were killed than bridges destroyed?
How many total structures, bunkers, sampans and bridges were destroyed?
How many more people were killed than sampans destroyed?
Which items were there more of 1000 destroyed?
How many more bunkers than bridges were destroyed?
How many items had over 10000 destroyed?
Which were there more RAAF casualties, killed in action or wounded in action?
How many points did the Giants score against New Orleans?
How many points did the Packers win by?
Which team won?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes did both quarterbacks combine for?
How many more yards passing did Rodgers have than Manning?
How many more touchdown passes did Rodgers have than Manning?
Which Giants player had multiple touchdown catches?
How many players caught two touchdown passes?
Which team scored last?
How many more males per 100 females are in the town then males per 100 females over the age of 18?
Which age group has more population, people under the age of 18, or people 18 to 24?
Who has the largest number of population?
Who has the smallest number of population?
Which age group holds the largest percentage of the population in the town?
How many more males per 100 females are there then males per 100 females aged 18 and over?
How many people in the town in terms of percentage do individuals under the age of 18 and individuals 65 or older make up in total?
How many percent of people were over the age of 18?
For every 100 females, how many fewer males were there?
For every 100 females age 18 and over, how many fewer males were there?
How many percent of the population was under the age of 65?
How many percent of the population was 44 years old or younger?
What age range had the highest population?
How many percent of people were 45 years old or older?
Which age groups each populated the city by less than 14% but at least 10%?
Which age group had more people, 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group populated the city more, 18 to 24, 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which were there more males for, every 100 females or 100 females age 18 and over?
Which was the second smallest age group?
How many percent of people were under 45?
How many more percent did the largest age group have compared to the smallest?
How many percent of the population were neither under 18 or over 65?
Which age groups represented between 13 and 14% of the population?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old was the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
How many yards longer was Jason Elams 30 yard  field goal compared to his shortest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns in the game were 5 yards or less?
Who had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Broncos beat the Cardinals by back in December 29, 2002?
How many rookie quarterbacks played in this game?
How many more losses than wins did Arizona have after this game?
From what yard line did the Cardinals score twice?
How many more yards was Elam's first field goal over his second?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the third quarter?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Jay Cutler?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who had two touchdown runs?
How many losses did Arizona have after the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
Whose child was named King of Naples and Sicily in 1735?
What did Charles VI gain control of first, Naples or Sicily?
Who controlled Naples and Sicily first, Charles VI, or Charles, Duke of Parma?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Rastatt or the War of Polish Succession?
Charles VI gained control of Sicily how many years before French armies installed a Parthenopaean Republic?
The Treaty of Florence happened how many years after the Treaty of Rastatt?
Which was signed first, the Treaty of Florence or the Treaty of Rastatt?
How many years was Charles the King of Naples and Sicily?
How many years did Ferdinand rule Naples and Sicily before the Treat of Florence?
Which event happened first, the Treaty of Rastatt where Naples was given to Charles VI or when he gained control of Sicily?
How many years after the French armies installed a Parthenopaean Republic did Ferdinad make concessions to the French by the Treaty of Florence?
How many years after Naples was given to Charles VI did he gain control of Sicily?
How many years after gaining control of Sicily did Charles VI lose it to a Spanish army?
How many years after being given Naples did Charles VI lose it to a Spanish army?
How many years after capturing Sicily and Naples did King Philip V install Charles, Duke of Parma as King over them?
How many years did Charles rule Naples and Sicily before inheriting the Spanish throne?
How many years after becoming king of Naples and Sicily did Ferdinand IV make concessions to the French in the Treaty of Florence?
How many years into his reign as King of Naples and Sicily did Ferdinand IV occupy Rome?
How many years was there between the Treaty of Rastatt and when Charles, Duke of Parma, beame King of Naples and Sicily?
How many years did the Austrian rule lasts after the Treaty of Rastatt?
How many years after Charles VI was given to Naples did he gain control of Sicily?
How many years after the Treaty of Rastatt ended the War of the Spanish Succession did Naples and Sicily get conquered during the War of Polish Succession?
What year did the War of Spanish Succession end?
Who was Ferdinand IV's father?
How many years after Ferdinand occupied Rome was he forced to make concessions to the French by the Treaty of Florence?
Who won the conflict between the Dutch and the rebels?
How many days after Guo Huaiyi's attack on Fort Provintia did the Dutch send soldiers and aboriginal warriors to attack the rebel forces north of Tayouan?
How many months after the attack on Fort Provintia were the Wu-lao-wan forced to sue for peace?
How many total Dutch people, including translators, died at the hands of the Wu-lao-wan?
The Chinese rebellion happened at the same time as which villages in frontier areas rebelled against the Dutch, the Aboriginal villages or Fort Provintia villages?
How many people total did the Wu-lao-wan kill in December of 1652?
How many days before Guo's planned insurrection did the rebels attack the fort?
How many items did the Dutch embargo in order to weaken the Wu-lao-wan?
How many Dutch died in 1962 at the hands of the Wu-lao-wan before the embargo was put into place?
How many days before the planned date if the insurrection did Guo Huaiyi end up attacking?
How many field goals were there in this game?
Who did the Cowboys play the week prior to this game?
How many games had the Cowboys lost in total?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Adrian Peterson's touchdown run compared to Terrell Owens' touchdown catch?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
In what quarter were the longest and shortest touchdowns of the game scored?
How many yards longer was Terrell Owens' touchdown catch compared to Marion Barber's touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
Which team lost to the Patriots in week 6?
Which player caught a pass to put the Cowboys on the board?
How many states along the route to take over Mexico was the Governer Jose Antonio Vizcarra  travling though?
New Mexicans took Navajo captive to work as slaves how many years after Governor José Antonio Vizcarra met Navajo leaders at Paguate?
Vizcarra led 1,500 troops in a 74-day expedition against the Navajo of western New Mexico how many years before New Mexicans took Navajo captive to work as slaves?
How many New Mexicans were killed in April and May in total?
Were more New Mexicans killed at Sabinal or at Socorro?
How many Navajo men were killed by Vizcarra?
Were more Navajo men or women killed by Vizcarra?
Where did fighting occur first, Socorro or Sabinal?
Which nation was not interested in either of these proposals?
How many New Mexicans were killed at Socorro in April?
How many people were killed at Sabinal?
How many days did the expedition take?
How many Navajo were killed?
How many of the Navajos killed were women?
Which raid marked the start of a long period of raids and counter raids lasting until 1848?
How many years did the raids and counter raids in New Mexico last?
What date did the expedition against the Navajo of western New Mexico led by Vizcarra end?
Of the 33 Navajo that were killed in the expedition against them, how many were men?
How many month after Governor Jose Antonio Vizcarra met Navajo leaders at Paguate did he lead 1500 troops on an expedition against the Navajo of western New Mexico?
How many New Mexicans were killed at Socorro in April 1823 and in May at Savinal in total?
How many days passed between Vizcarra meeting Navajo leaders at Paguate and Vizcarra leading 1500 troops against the Navajo?
How many years passed between the raid on Socorro and the end of the raids as the New Mexicans took the Navajo slaves?
When did the Expedition against the Navajo of western Mexico end?
How many New Mexicans were killed at both Socorro and Sabinal combined?
How many Navajo were killed in the 74-day expedition that were not women?
How many more Navajo were killed than captured during the 74-day expedition?
How many Navajo were killed in San Juan County, Utah?
How many of the Navajos killed were not men?
Where were more New Mexicans killed, at Socorro in April or at Sabinal in May?
What day did the expedition end that Vizcarra led against the Navajo of western New Mexico?
Which were less of the Navajo killed, men or women?
How many more Navajo men were killed compared to women?
How many years did the raids and counter raids lasts?
Were there more Navajo killed or captured during the expedition against the Navajo of western New Mexico?
How many more Navajo were killed during the expedition against the Navajo of western New Mexico compared to those who were captured?
Tjhe ending of which event caused the Christian emigration in a Lebanon under Syrian occupation?
Which people resettled in the suburbs south of Beirut?
How many Israeli invasions in Lebanon had ocurred in between 1978 and 1996?
How many years passed between the first and the second Israeli invasions in Lebanon?
How many years passed between the first and the third Israeli invasions in Lebanon?
How many years passed between the second and the third Israeli invasions in Lebanon?
How many percentage points of the Lebanese population didn't have disability in 1990?
How many times was there an Israeli invasion of southern Lebanon?
What caused population growth to be permanently disturbed in Lebanon with an estimated 600,000-900,000 people fled the country?
How many times did the Isrelis invade southern Lebanon promting waves of mass emigration?
How many years are between the first time Israel invaded Southern Lebanon and the last time they invaded southern Lebanon?
How many invasions of Southern Lebanon by the Israel?
How many times were the southern Shia community affected by an Israeli invasion of southern Lebanon between 1978 and 1996?
How many invasions did the Israeli have of southern Lebanon?
Which year is the earliest Israeli invasion of Southern Lebanon, 1996 or 1978?
How many times did Israel invade southern Lebanon?
Which year was the last year Israel invaded southern Lebanon?
How many more people are estimated to have fled the country during the war from the highest estimate to the lowest?
How many years did Israel invade southern Lebanon?
How many years passed between the first and last Israeli invasion of southern Lebanon?
How many points did the Lions get from the first quarter turnover?
How many points did Hanson put up this game?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals were kicked from 40 yards or further?
What distance was the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many more yards of passing touchdown was there than running touchdowns?
Which players caught touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal over Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many games has Dallas lost this season?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many touchdowns were made during the second half?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Neil Rackers kick?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team allowed the most points in this game?
How many quarters did the Cowboys hold the lead?
How many passes did Shaun Hill complete?
How many second quarter touchdown passes did Schaub have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How long was the first touchdown reception?
How many points did the Texans trail by at the half?
How many times had the Texans won against the Colts in Indianapolis before?
How many points did the colts score in the 2nd half?
Who scored more points, Colts or Texans?
How many field goals were made in the 2nd quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many points was Houston trailing by at the half?
Whose field goals was longer in the first half, Vinatieri's or Novak's?
How many total points were scored?
Which players scored in the first half?
When did the 49ers score last?
What was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
What was the shortest TD run?
Who scored three touchdowns?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
Whick kicker kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was Reggie Bush's shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Reggie Bush's last touchdown run compared to his first?
Which kicker kicked fewer field goals?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored by the 49ers in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored by the Saints in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney kick in the game?
Which two players kicked field goals in the game?
How many field goals did John Carney kick in the game?
How many touchdowns did Reggie Bush score in the game?
who is the cowboys quarterback?
who is the cowboys runningback?
who is the running back for the lions?
who scored the first point?
who scored last?
who won the game?
How many games in a row was this loss for the lions?
Which player scored the last points of this game?
How many points did the Cowboys score in the third quarter?
Which team did not score any points in the third quarter?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter??
Which Lions player scored a field goal for the Lions in the second quarter?
Which player had the shortest TD run of the fourth quarter?
What are the top two longest touchdown runs made?
How many total field goal yards did Jason Hanson kick?
Who was the first player to throw a touchdown pass over 15 yards?
How many touchdown runs over 15 yards were made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown run?
Which touchdown runs did Marion Barber make?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 10 yards?
How many field goals longer than 15 yards did Jason Hanson kick?
How many more touchdown runs did Marion Barber make compared to T.J. Duckett?
How many touchdown runs between 5 and 25 yards were made?
Who scored the third longest touchdown?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
What are the top two longest touchdown runs made?
What are the two shortest touchdown runs made?
How many total field goal yards did Jason Hanson kick?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
Which players scored touchdown runs shorter than 25 yards?
Which touchdown runs did Kevin Jones make?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player had the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many more touchdown runs did Kevin Jones make compared to T.J. Duckett?
Which player was first to score a touchdown run shorter than 30 yards?
Which touchdown passes did Tony Romo make?
How many years passed between taking Polotsk and the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
How many months did the negotiations between Ivan the Terrible and the Commonwealth last?
How many years was Ivan in control of most of the disputed territory?
Which came first, Bathony and Zamoyski taking  Polotsk or Velikiye Luki?
How many cities did Ivan cede to the Commonwealth?
After Ivan took control of the disputed territory in 1577, how many years did it take the Commonwealth to win a favorable treaty from Ivan?
How many months did Ivan negotiate with the Commonwealth?
How many years after 1577 was a truce made?
How many different people favored the treaty?
What did they wish to regain in the treatry
How many years did the conflict last resulting in war?
Which happened first, the invasion of the Commonwealth borderlands in Livonia, or Báthory's election to the throne?
Which was taken later, Polotsk or Pskov?
How many years passed between the taking of Velikiye Luki and the siege of Pskov?
How many months did the negotitaions for the Truce of Jam Zapolski take?
How many months did the siege of Pskov last?
How many areas did Ivan cede in the Truce of Jam Zapolski?
Who accepted more exports from Macau, United States or Hong Kong?
Where does Macau import more products from, France or Italy?
Where does Macau import more products from, Japan or the United States?
Where does Macau import more products from, Switzerland or Japan?
How many more billions of dollars of products does Macau import than they export?
Where does Macau import more products from, Hong Kong or France?
How many billions higher were imports than exports?
How many more exports, in terms of percentage, went to Hong Kong compared to Mainland China and the United States combined?
How many exports, in terms of percentage, did not go to Hong Kong, Mainland China, or the United States?
Which two countries did Macau import the largest percentages of goods from?
How many more imports, in terms of percentage, did Macau receive from Mainland China compared to Hong Kong and France combined?
How many more imports, in terms of percentage, did Macau receive from Mainland China compared to Hong Kong and Switzerland combined?
How many imports, in terms of percentage, did Macau receive from Mainland China, Hong Kong, and France combined?
How many imports, in terms of percentage, did Macau receive from Mainland China, Hong Kong, France, and Switzerland combined?
How many imports, in terms of percentage, did Macau receive from Mainland China, Hong Kong, France, Italy, and Switzerland combined?
From which countries did Macau import between 6 to 8% of their goods?
From which countries did Macau import more than 10% of their goods?
How many imports, in terms of percentage, did not come from Mainland China, Hong Kong, or France?
How many touchdowns were there in the first quarter?
Which team got on the board first?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the colts score in the first quarter?
How long was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
What was the former year of Kazan's rebellion?
What was the latter year of Kazan's rebellion?
How many years did the Kazan rebellion last?
How many more men were killed than captured?
How many more women and children were captured than men?
Which happened first, the conquering of the Khanate of Astrakhan, or the granting of lands to Anikey Stroganov?
When did the Kazan rebellion end?
How many total people were killed or captured by Ivan?
How many years did the Kazan rebellion last for?
Which merchants were killed by the tribes?
How many thousand men were killed?
How many thousand men were captured?
How many thousand women and children were captured?
How many leaders were killed?
How many forts were build on the east and west sides of Volga?
How many years did the Kazan rebellion last?
How many more men were killed than captured?
How many men, women and children were captured?
How many loses did the Packers have before this game?
Who prevented Green Bay to get ahead in the first quarter?
What happened when Rogers completed a 9-yard touchdown?
How many field goals by Kris Brown were 30 yards or longer?
Which team kicked the most field goals in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many yards was the lontest field goal?
Who completed the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Aaron Rodgers have on touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first half?
How many more yards was Schaub's first touchdown over his first?
From what distance did Kris Brown kick field goals from in the second half?
How many yards were all touchdown passes and runs added together?
With the loss of this game, how many more games had the packers lost than won this season?
How many yards did all field goals total?
Which team scored the most in the first half?
Who scored the most touchdowns?
Who scored more points, Gostkowski or Jones-Drew
How many points in total were scored in the first quarter?
How many more points Patriots had over Jaguars at half time?
How many touchdowns Patriots had at halftime?
How many touchdowns did Jaguars have at halftime?
How many field goals were scored in the entire game?
How many touchdows were scored in the entire game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did New England lead with by halftime?
Which players scored touchdown runs in the game?
Which team scored first in the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
who  hosted the Bears and which week?
what the Jeff Joniak wrote about the bears?
How many points did the Bengals win the last game that was hosted in Cincinnati by?
Which player scored on the opening drive for their team?
How many more passing yards did the Bears have in the game relative to Rushing yards?
How many rushing yards did the Bears have that did not come from Howard?
How many rushing yards did Howard have on the season before entering this game?
How many lanes are there on the Gelegotis Bridge?
How many construction accidents delayed the opening by six months?
How many months was the opening delayed by?
How many accidents were caused by cranes falling onto the structure?
How many years did it take to complete the bridge?
How many accidents on the bridge involves workers falling?
Which are there more lanes of, vehicle emergency lanes or bike lanes?
How many months after the first two lanes were opened were the last two lanes opened?
How many months after the first two lanes of the bridge were opened were the remaining two lanes opened?
Which type of construction accident happened more frequently during the bridge's construction, falling cranes or falling workers?
Which team got the first points of the game?
Which player got the game winning touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers throw?
How many touchdowns did Ladainian Tomlinson score in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Which players had a TD run from the same number of yards?
How many points got Atlanta on the board?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which team kicked a field goal in the first half?
Were there more field goals scored in the first half or second half?
How many more field goals were missed than were made?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many failed field goals did the Jets have?
How many more yards was Mark Sanchez touchdown over Matt Ryan?
In which quarters did neither team score?
How many total yards of blocked field goals did the Jets have?
How many games had the Colts lost before this game?
How many games had the Jets won before this game?
How many games have the Colts lost this season?
Which two players both got a 1-yard TD run?
How many times did Schaub complete TD passes to Daniels?
How many touchdowns did the Texans score from one yard out?
Who made a 96 yard touchdown reception?
How many touchdown passes did Owen Daniels catch?
How many 54-yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who scored first in the game against Minnesota?
Who did the Cowboys lose to first, the Titans or the Vikings?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the second touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who had the longest touchdown pass, Romo or Favre?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last field goal?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
What islands does the city now encompass?
How much of the city's square miles was not land?
Charleston Harbor is roughly how many square miles?
How many square miles larger is the city assuming the city was 5 square miles in the first world war?
How many different islands did the incorporated city expand and encompass?
How many square miles of the present city is both land and covered by water?
How many miles wider is the average width of Charleston Harbor compared to the width of the entrance?
How many islands did the city expand to completely encompass?
Which makes up more of the present city, land or water?
How many NFC teams besides Carolina finished the first quarter of the season undefeated overall?
How many teams other than those in the NFC finished the first quarter of the season undefeated overall?
Where was this game played?
How many field goals were successfully made?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many touchdown passes did both quarterbacks have in the first half?
How many total field goals did Brandon McManus score?
Which kicker scored the fewest field goals?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus score in the second half?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first half?
How many points did the Raiders score in the second half?
How many points did the Broncos score in the second half?
How many interceptions did EJ Manuel throw?
How many field goals were made?
What was the final score total?
How many is the difference in the number of yards in Duckett's TD run and the number of yards of Mare's first field goal?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards of the second field goal by Crosby?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards of the interception return by Wilson?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards of the field goal made by Nedney?
How many field goals did Mare have in the first quarter?
Which QB had the longest pass for a TD?
How many touchdowns did Weaver have?
How many more field goals did Joe Nedney get than Olindo Mare?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown passes?
How many yards difference is there between the longest touchdown pass and the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Olindo Mare make?
How many total yards of field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many yards in field goals did Olindo Mare kick in the first quarter?
Which players scored field goals over 40 yards in the first half?
How many yards longer was Seneca Wallace's TD pass than Shaun Hills's TD pass in the second half?
How many yards each were Seneca Wallace's TD passes?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the first quarter?
How many yards shorter was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare kick?
How many more men did the UN forces have throughout the course of the battle then they had at the start of the battle?
How many Marine Regiments did the US 1st Marine Division comprise of?
How many sorties per day did the US Navys Task Force 77 launch in addition to the number of tons per day of supplies the US Air Force Combat Cargo Commando airdropped?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
Which team led at halftime?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many FGs were scored in the second half?
Which team scored first?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Redskins win the game by?
How many points were the Redskins leading by at the end of the first half?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many more people total were there than White?
How many more people total were there than black?
How many more people total were there than Native American?
How many more people total were there than Asian?
How many more people total were there than Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people all together are than white?
How many more people all together are than African American?
How many more people all together are than Native Americans?
How many more people all together are than Asian?
How many more people all together are than Pacific Islander?
How many people in Marin county in 2010 were not white?
How many more Asians were there in Marin County than Pacific Islanders according to the 2010 U.S. Census?
How many more white people were there in Marin County than African American?
How many more Asians were there than Pacific Islanders?
Which were the two most populous races in Marin County in 2010?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or African American?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not from other races?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which racial groups are at least 5%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many people in Marin County were not white in 2010?
Were there more African American or Native Americans?
How many fewer Native Americans were there compared to Asians in Marin County?
What was the second largest race in Marin County?
Which was the smallest identified race in the Marin County census?
How many percent of the population were not of Hispanic or Latino decent?
Who had more soldiers, the Greens or the Serbian troops and volunteers?
On what date did 250 Serbian troops and 850 volunteers from nearby Montenegrin clans fight a formation of approximately 1,500 to 2,000 rebel Greens in Cetinje?
Which happened earlier, the uprising in Rijeka Crnojevića, or the siege on Cetinje by the Greens?
How many weeks after the small uprising in Rijeka Crnojevića did the Greens initiate a siege on Cetinje?
Which event happened first, the Greens initiated a siege on Cetinje or a smaller uprising in Rijeka Crnojevića?
Who had less men, the Serbian troops or volunteers from nearby Montenegrin?
Which happened later Milutinović's troops stopped an attack by the Greens on Nikšić or the Greens initiated a siege?
How many total Serbian troops and volunteers fought the rebel Greens?
What date did the Serbian toops and volunteers fight the rebel Greens?
How many Serbian troops and volunteers fought the rebel Greens in Cetinje in 1918?
How many days passed between Milutinović's troops stopped an attack by the Greens on Nikšić and the Greens initiating the siege on Cetinje?
What day did Serbian troops fight the rebel Greens in Cetinje?
How many days after Milutinović's troops ended the uprising in Rijeka Crnojevića did the Greens initiated a siege on Cetinje?
How many men fought for the Serbian side against the rebel Greens in Cetinje?
How many players did the Browns release to get to the 53-player limit?
How many of the captains play LB?
How many players did the team select to be captain?
How many players is the limit?
How many players were released by the Browns on September 4th and 5th?
On September 9th, how many players were chosen as offensive captains?
On September 9th, how many players were chosen as defensive captains?
On September 9th, how many players were chosen as special teams captains?
How many yards was the games first field goal?
How many TD passes did Cutler throw?
Which player kicked the final field goal of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which running back caught a touchdown?
How many special teams touchdowns were scored?
How many touchdown passes were shorter than 5-yards?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which kicker converted the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdowns?
Which player scored on the longest touchdown play?
How many points did Detroit win by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
What was the longest fieldgoal of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
What was the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many yards longer was David Akers longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more yards of field goals did David Akers kick than Shaun Suisham?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal than David Akers longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared with the second longest?
In which quarters were touchdowns scored?
In which quarter was a field goal not scored?
How many yards separated the longest field goals compared to the next longest?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many of the converted field goals were longer than 40 yards?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
In which quarter were no field goals scored?
In which quarters were touchdowns scored?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
How many points were the Seahawks trailing by after Lawrence Tynes kicked a 32-yard field goal in the second quarter?
How many sacks did the Chiefs have?
How many field goals were in the second quarter?
How many years were between the 1904 treaty and its revision?
How many more rupees did Younghusband raise the indemnity demand?
By how many rupees did Younghusband raise the indemnity?
Which occured last, Younghusband setting the indemnity or the Anglo-Chinese Convention?
How many more rupees did the indemnity get raised?
What currency was the indemnity to be paid in?
What country besides Britain wanted Tibet?
What did the British get from the Chinese in exchange for not annexing Tibetan territory or interfering with Tibet?
By how many rupees did Younghusband raise the indemnity he demanded?
How many years before the Anglo-Chinese Convention of 1906 did the treaty that was revised at the convention signed?
In 1970 how many more families were able to claim an allowance for the second child?
How many DM did the Second Modification and Supplementation Law (1970) increase the third child by?
How many more DM was in the fifth modification than the fourth?
How many more families were able to claim allowance for a second child than previously?
Which month in 1973 had a lowest DM modification law, November or December?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Who scored more points, Steelers or Bengals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Ryan throw?
How many touchdown receptions did Tony Gonzalez have?
How many touchdown passes did Kevin Kolb have total?
How many touchdown receptions did Jeremy Maclin have?
How many field goals did each kicker score?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles have in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many total touchdowns did DeSean Jackson have?
How many yards was the first TD run?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Kevin Kolb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Kevin Kolb or Matt Ryan?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Kevin Kolb throw in the first quarter?
Which players threw touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many of Freeman's throws were wasted?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many games did Tampa Bay win of their last five?
How many points were made on the first play?
How many games did Tampa Bay win in their last five?
Who are the players did Schaub throw pass to?
How many interceptions by Freeman did not lead to touchdowns?
Which was longer, a pass to Jacoby Jones or to Arian Foster?
How many yards total were Matt Schaub's two passes for a touchdown?
How many touchdowns measuring between 75 and 85 yards long?
How many yards were gained on Jacoby Jones' and Arian Foster's longest touchdown scored?
How many yards longer was Schaub's first touchdown pass than his second?
Which players scored touchdowns after receiving passes from Schaub?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
What does Chhattisgarh have the most of
How many percent do not account for about 10 percent of the STs in India
How many years does this census account for?
How many field goals were successful in this game?
How many interceptions were there in this game?
Who threw an interception on the first play in the 2nd half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns?
Which player caught the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the last touchdown of the game than the first?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many catches did Clayton receive?
How many wins did the Bengals have before playing the Bucs?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest attempted field goal?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which half was Richard Seymour ejected from the game?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the first half?
Whose touchdown run in the first half was shorter, Mendenhalls or Roethlisbergers?
Who caught a longer touchdown pass, Redman or Wallace?
How many points in total were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's touchdown pass than his touchdown run in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards in touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in the fourth quarter?
How many yards longer was the TD pass received by Wallace than the pass received by Redman?
In which half were there more touchdowns, the first half or the second half?
How many touchdowns were there between 10 and 30 yards?
How many points did the Seahawks score?
How many points did the Chiefs lead with at the end of the game?
How many points did the chiefs score in total?
How many times did Larry Johnson score?
How many games had the Seahawks lost in their last 20 trips to Arrowhead?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
Which network has aired the most games between these teams?
Which three networks have only aired one game each between these teams?
Which team had the ball less than 20 minutes?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
How many different nationalities registered in Bilbao have more than 10 people each?
How many total Bolivians and Colombians live in Bilbao?
Which foreign nationality has a higher population in Bilbao, Ecuadorians or Chinese?
Which foreign nationality has a higher population in Bilbao, Brazilians or Paraguayans?
Which foreign nationality has a higher population in Bilbao, Romanians or Chinese?
How many more people were born in other Biscayan towns than inside the municipality?
How many more Bolivians than Colombians in Bilbao?
How many more people came from the rest of Spain than were foreigners?
Which nationalities has more inhabitants living in Bilboa, Ecuadorians or Chinese?
Which nationalities has the least inhabitants living in Bilboa, Brazilians or Paraguayans?
Which nationalities in Bilbao has the most 1,000 inhabitants, Romanians or Morocco's?
In 2009, how many people in Bilbao were not born inside the municipality?
Of the people living in Bilbao that were not born there, how many of them came from somewhere other than the other Biscayan towns?
How many of the people living in Bilbao that were not born there at least born somewhere in Spain?
Which is the second largest foreign group in Bilbao?
Which foreign groups have between 2000 and 3000 people in Bilbao?
How many foreigners came from the three largest groups combined?
How many foreign countries have between 1500 and 4000 people living in Bilbao?
When was the first time Singapore hosted the Southeast Asian Games?
How many years has it been since Singapore last hosted the Southeast Asian Games?
When was the second time Singapore hosted the Southeast Asian Games?
How many years after first hosting the Southeast Asian Games did Singapore host the Games for the 4th time?
How many times had Singapore hosted the games?
In which years had Singapore hosted games?
Which Country placed second in number of medals?
Which country placed third in number of medals?
When did Singapore host the Southeast Asian Games?
How many times has Singapore hosted the Southeast Asian Games?
how many events were in the Southeast Asian Games?
How many years had it been since the last time Singapore hosted the games?
How many days did the official games take place over?
How many days did the Southeast Asian Games last?
How many times did Singapore host the Southeast Asian Games?
How many year between the first year of Southeast Asian Games to the most recent year of games?
How many days did the games last?
In what years did Singapore host the Southeast Asian Games?
Which country took second place?
Which country took third place?
Who placed higher, Thailand or Vietnam?
Which Giants defender scored a touchdown?
How many points did the Redskins have in halftime?
How many touchdowns did the Giants have in the first half?
How many passes did Manningham receive in the game?
What team is Hakeem Nicks on?
Which was the only team to score in the second half?
Who was in the lead at halftime?
How many injures were there?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the second half?
Who scored more points, the Giants or the Redskins?
How many player were injured during the game?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the second half?
Which team came out victorious, the Giants or the Redskins?
How many players were injured in this game?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson successfully convert?
How many rushing touchdowns were made?
How many points did the Lions get on the board with?
How many points did the colts score in the second half?
How many points did both teams score in the third quarter?
How many losses did the Lions come into this game with?
Which team lost this game?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the colts score in the first quarter?
Which team lost this game?'
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many touchdowns from passing were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many total yards were all Hanson's made field goals?
How many more passing touchdowns were there than rushing touchdowns?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
Which players had receiving touchdowns in the first half?
How many total yards' worth of touchdown passes did Luck throw in the fourth quarter?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many yards was Hanson's second longest field goal of the first half?
How many total field goal yards did Hanson have?
How many touchdown passes between 10 and 30 yards were there?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Luck have?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdown passing yards, Luck or Stafford?
Which team scored more points over the first two quarters?
Were there more touchdown passes or more rushing touchdowns scored in the first half of play?
How many field goals were shorter than 40-yards?
How many touchdown passes were longer than 40-yards?
How many yards were scored on all touchdown passes combined?
How many more passing touchdowns were scored relative to rushing touchdowns?
How many years was Jarosław of Opole in control of Nysa?
What happened first, the Treaty of Namslau or the Treaty of Trentschin?
When did Nysa first become a duchy?
How many years was it between Jaroslaw's death and when Henry IV Probus gave the bishops privileges of autonomy?
How many years was it between Jaroslaw's death and when Bishop Przeclaw of Pogorzeli swore the oath of fealty to King John the Blind?
How many years was Henry of Wierzbna the Bishop of Wroclaw for?
How many years was it between Jaroslaw's death and the Treaty of Namslau?
How many years was it between Jaroslaw's death and when the Duke of Boleslaw III the Generous of Brzeg acquired Grodkow?
How many years was it between when Henry IV probus gave the bishops privileges of autonomy and when Bishop Przeclaw of Pogorzeli swore the oath of fealty to King John the Blind?
How many years before his death was Jaroslaw appointed Bishop of Wroclaw?
How many years was Henry of Wierzbna the Bishop of Wroclaw?
At the start of the Thirty Years' War, how many years of peace had existed?
How many years was Henry of Wierzbna, 1302-1319, Bishop of Wroclaw?
How many years was Jarosław of Opole Bishop of Wroclaw 1198-1201?
How many years after Jarosław  was appointment as Bishop of Wrocław, did he die?
How many years was Henry of Wierzbna, Bishop of Wrocław?
What happened first, the Treaty of Trentschin or the Treaty of Namslau?
How many years after becoming Bishop of Wrocław did Jarosław of Opole die?
Who took possession of Jarosław of Opole's lands in Nysa after his death?
How many years after Jarosław of Opole died did Henry IV Probus give the bishops privileges of autonomy on their lands in Nysa?
How many years was Henry of Wierzbna the Bishop of Wroclaw?
Who gave Jarosław of Opole the territories around Nysa?
Who was the father of Duke Henry I the Bearded?
How many years did the Duchy of Nysa last in its original form?
What region's peace ended with the Thirty Years' War?
How many years after the last variation of the bridge was first built was it open before it was refurbished?
How many years after the Stono Rebellion was the last variation of the bridge built in the same location?
How many years passed betwen the Stono Rebellion and the last variation of the bridge was built?
How many years old was the last variation of the bridge before it was refurbished?
Which happened first, the Stono Rebellion or the attempted burning of Stono Bridge?
How many years passed between the bridge being built and the refurbishment?
How many more slaves were there than shopkeepers killed at the store near Stono Bridge?
How many more slaves raided the store than storekeepers were killed?
How many years passed between the building and refurbish of the last variation of the two lane bridge?
How many years passed between the bridge being built in 1928 and it being refurbished?
How many feet shorter was the steel-truss on the bridge than the length of the bridge?
How many years after the Voting Rights Act did Bush win in San Juan County?
How many years ago was the last time Passage San Juan County supported a Democrat?
How many percentage points difference did George W. Bush win in Utah versus how many he won in San Juan County?
Who is less Democrat, Native Americans, or Mormons?
Who has a higher population, Native Americans or Mormons?
How did San Juan vote in the gubernatorial elections?
Where did George W. Bush get more votes, San Juan COunty or the rest of Utah?
How many things did voting districts violate?
How many in percent votes did George W. Bush didn't win in San Juan County in 2004?
How many in percent votes did George W. Bush didn't win in Utah in 2004?
In what state is San Juan County?
Did George W. Bush receive more votes by percentage in the state or within San Juan County?
How many years did San Juan County voters favor Democratic candidates?
How do most Native Americans in San Juan County vote?
Which population tends to vote Republican: Mormons or Native Americans?
How many fewer cases were there of polio in 1988 vs 2001?
How many cases were there in 2015 vs 2016?
What two diseases have been completely eradicated?
What was declared eradicated first, rinderpest or smallpox?
What was eradicated by 2011?
What was eradicated in 1980, smallpox or rinderpest?
How many organizations led the global effort to eradicate polio?
Who did the Chiefs beat before playing Seattle?
How many field goals were made?
Who kicked a 43-yard field goal?
What was the shortest touchdown?
Who made a punt?
How many touchdowns did Cassel throw?
How many touchdown catches did Dwayne Bowe have?
how many yards did cassel get?
how many yards did colquitt punt?
how many yards did smith run?
how many yards did Bowe pass?
how many yards did Mare get?
how many yards did charles get?
how many yards did Bowe pass in the fourth?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Matt Cassel or Matt Hasselbeck ?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Dwayne Bowe score?
Which players scored touchdowns of 30 yards or more?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the fifth longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals did Mare make?
How many total yards of TD passes did Hasselbeck make?
What all touchdowns did Matt Hasselbeck make?
How many total yards did Matt Hasselbeckthrow for touchdowns?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s first touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe compared to Matt Cassel’s second touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s first touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe compared to Matt Cassel’s third touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki compared to Matt Cassel’s third touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki compared to Matt Cassel’s second touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe?
How many yards difference was Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Chris Baker compared to Matt Cassel’s touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki?
How many yards difference was Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Ben Obomanu compared to Matt Cassel’s second touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe?
Which corps of the Imperial Army had the most troops in 1664?
How many years did the Ottoman bridge last before being destroyed?
Which happened later, the destruction of the Ottoman bridge or the Magnate conspiracy in Croatia?
How many months after the Ottoman bridge was destroyed was the siege lifted by Zrinski?
Which commander refused to help Zrinski after his stronghold was conquered?
How many men were being led by Nikola Zrinski?
Who had more troops, Zrinski or Montecuccoli?
How many more troops did Montecuccoli have than Zrinski?
Of the three corps, who had the smallest number of troops?
How many fewer troops did General Jean-Louis Raduit de Souches have than Montecuccoli ?
How many years did the bridge connect Darda to Osijek?
What did Zrinski do first, destroy the bridge, or attempt to conquer Nagykanizsa?
How many months after the destruction of the bridge did the main army of Köprülü approach?
Who did the Vikings beat before playing the Titans?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How long was the longest field goal made in this game?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored last in the first half?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
Who got a longer TD run?
How long was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many TDs did Chris Johnson run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players scored a rushing TD in the first half?
How many yards longer was Chris Johnson's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards longer was the field goal in the second half compared to the longest field goal of the first half?
How many more field goals did Rob Bironas kick than Ryan Longwell?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Bironas kick?
What happened second: the sixth terminal planned on opening or the closure of the Charleston Naval Shipyard?
How many of the Port of Charleston's terminals are not located in the city of Charleston?
How many feet difference is there between the Port of Charleston's entrance channel and harbor channel?
How many years after the closure of the Naval Base and the Charleston Naval Shipyard was the Carnival Fantasy permanently stationed in Charleston?
How many total dry docks, floating docks and piers does the Detyens Shipyard have?
How many total dry docks, floating docks and piers does Detyens Shipyard have all together?
How many years after the Naval Base and the Charleston Naval Shipyard closed did the Carnival Fantasy become permanently stationed in Charleston?
Which team scored the most points?
How many games have the Niners won this season?
how many points did brees gain?
how many seasons has brees streak lasted?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw?
Who was the Bronco's away game against?
Which team scored first?
Which team does Robert Ayers play for?
Which team does Ben Roethlisberger play for?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many fourth-quarter touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many 3-yard touchdown receptions were there?
In what quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
What yard line did the Steelers score from twice?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
In what quarter did the Steelers not score a touchdown?
How many yards did the first two scoring plays combine for?
How many yards shorter was the first field goal relative to the first defensive touchdown?
How many yards did the first two defensive touchdowns combine for?
How many yards shorter was the first defensive touchdown compared to the second?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception?
Which player had the second most touchdown receptions?
How many touchdown receptions did Hines Ward and Mike Wallace combine for?
How many more offensive touchdowns were scored relative to defensive touchdowns?
Which players scored defensive touchdowns?
How many total yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw for on touchdown passes?
how many yards did prater make?
how many yards did carter intercept?
how many yards did ayers return?
how many yards did roethlisberger pass?
how many yards did wallace pass?
How many touchdowns longer than 20 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the second longest?
Who scored on 3 yard touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored from turnovers?
What team member was missing from the Bears in this game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points were the Rams leading by at the end of the first quarter?
What all field goals did Greg Zuerlein make?
Which player kicked the only field goal of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Colts get in the first quarter?
How many games have the Colts won this season?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first quarter?
Who was the only team to score in the 3rd quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass, Peyton Manning or David Garrard?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's second touchdown pass over his first one?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes longer than 5 yards did David Garrard throw?
Who scored a touchdown first, Maurice Jones-Drew or Dallas Clark?
How many yards longer was Reggie Wayne's touchdown compared to Dallas Clark's first touchdown?
How many yards longer was Dallas Clark's second touchdown compared to his first?
Who threw more touchdowns, Peyton Manning or David Garrard?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
From what yard line did the Jaguars score 2 touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 3 yards?
How many touchdowns were longer than 3 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Were more touchdowns scored in the third or fourth quarter?
Which player scored first for the Broncos?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the 2nd half?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Cutler or Thigpen?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals did Barth kick in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
Who had threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards long was the average touchdown in the first half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the third and fourth quarters?
Were more yards of field goals kicked in the first half or in the third and fourth quarters?
How many yards long was the average field goal in the third and fourth quarters?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the third and fourth quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the third and fourth quarters compared to the shortest in the same quarters?
Were there more yards of touchdowns or field goals over the entire game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which players caught touchdown passes?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many years total did all three Dalecarlian Rebellions make up?
Which happened first, the First Dalecarlian Rebellion or the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion?
How many years total did all three Dalecarlian Rebellions last
How many years was it from the beginning of the First Dalecarlian Rebellion to the end of the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion?
How many years did the First Dalecarlian Rebellion last?
How many years did the Second Dalecarlian Rebellion Last?
How many years did the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion last?
How many years were there between the end of the First Dalecarlian Rebellion and the beginning of the Second Dalecarlian Rebellion?
How many years passed between the end of the First Dalecarlian Rebellion and the beginning of the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion?
How many years were there between the end of the Second Dalecarlian Rebellion and the beginning of the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion?
How many years did all of the Dalecarlian Rebellions encompass from the beginning of the First until the end of the Third?
How many years passed from the start of the first rebellion to the end of the third rebellion?
How many years passed between each rebellion?
How many years did the Third Dalecarlian Rebellion last?
Which of the three rebellions lasted the most years?
How many years was the First Dalecarlian Rebellion?
Which Dalecarlian Rebellion lasted for a shorter amount of time, the second or the third?
How many years after the First Rebellion did the Second Rebellion occur?
How many years after the Second Rebellion did the Third occur?
How many years after the First Rebellion did the Third Rebellion occur?
Which of the rebellions was the longest?
Who ran the rebellions in Sweden?
What year did the Swedish rebellions end?
How many years total were the Dalecarlian rebellions occurring in Sweden?
How many total years had at least one day of fighting a Dalecarlian Rebellion?
Which two rebellions lasted the same number of years?
Over how many years total did all three rebellions take place?
How many more years were there between the end of the second rebellion and the start of the third rebellion compared to between the end of the first rebellion and the start of the second rebellion?
When did Lawrence serve in the West Indies?
When was the battle of Fontenoy
When was he made lieutenant?
How many years did Charles Lawrence serve in the West Indies?
What military rank did Charles Lawrence achieve prior to serving in the West Indies?
What happened first, Charles Lawrence's service in the War Office or the Battle of Fontenoy?
How many years did Charles Lawrence serve in the West Indies?
What position did Charles Lawrence achieve the same year he was wounded?
What did Lawrence and his father both have?
How many years passed between his promotion to lieutenant and then captain?
How many years did Charles serve in the West Indies?
Which happened first, stationed in West Indies or stationed in the War Office?
How many years passed before Charles became captain?
Which two events occurred in 1745?
How many years did Charles Lawrence serve in the West Indies?
What did Charles Lawrence serve in first, West Indies or War Office?
How many years did it take for Charles Lawrence to become captain?
What was the title of Charles Lawrence when he was wounded in 1745, lieutenant or captain?
Which title did Charles hold first, lieutenant or captain?
How many more yards was Nugent's field goal in the fourth quarter compared to his field goal in the second quarter?
How many wins did the Panthers have coming into this game?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Bengals score?
Who started as the Panthers quarterback?
How many wins do the Panthers have for the season?
Who made the first TD run of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most in the second quarter?
Which team went into the half with the only points?
Which team allowed the most points scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many more rushing touchdowns were there than passing touchdowns?
How many significant synods occured between 1484 and 1672?
How many years were between the first and last council that defined the Orthodox position?
What happened first: the first Synod of Constantinople or the Synod of Jassy?
What happened second: the first Synod of Constantinople or the Synod of Jassy?
How many different years were there Synods of Constantinople?
when was the first council convened?
How many things was the most recent council convened to discuss?
What were the things the most recent council was convened to discuss
How many councils did the Synods of Constantinople have?
How many years did the Synods of Constantinople occur in?
Which Synod convened more, Synods of Constantinople or Synod of Jassy?
Which two Synods convened the same amount?
How many years apart are the Synod of Jassy and the Pan-Orthodox Synod of Jerusalem?
How many years apart are the first and last Synods of Constantinople?
How many years apart were the Synod of Jassy and the Pan-Orthodox Synod of Jerusalem?
How many years after the Synod of Jassy was the Pan-Orthodox Synod of Jerusalem?
How many years after the first Synods of Constantinople met did another Council convene to discuss many modern phenomena?
How many years were between the first and second time the Synods of Constantinople met?
Which council convened first, the Synod of Jassy or the Pan-Orthodox Synod of Jerusalem?
How many crowns total did the pope commit?
How many years after William's death did Elizabeth respond to Gebhard?
How many crowns total did the pope commit to both the soldiers and the coffers?
How many years did it take Queen Elizabeth to answer Gebard to his request for assistance?
How many total crowns did the pope contribute to Ernst's cause?
Did Elizabeth respond to Gebhard before or after the assassination of Prince William?
How many crowns were committed between paying soldiers and into the coffers of the new Archbishop?
Which event happened first, Gebhard wrote to Queen Elizabeth or Elizabeth responding?
Who had the least amount committed to from the pope?
What was given to Gebhard and Agnes?
Who escaped with Gebhard and Agnes?
Who received 40,00 crowns?
Peyton Manning threw to Julius Thomas for a how many yard touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest running touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were kicked altogether in the game?
Wes Welker caught a pass from manning for how many yards to get the touchdown?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which Manning threw more touchdowns?
How many points did the Broncos have at halftime?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Peyton Manning throw?
Which player scored the last points of the first half?
Which player had the shortest touchdown-scoring play of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown-scoring play of the game?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and shortest touchdown passes?
Which players made a field goal by halfti me?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many total yards did Knowshon Moreno have on touchdown runs?
How long were each of Knowshon Moreno's touchdown runs?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What type of soldier made up Goa's personal guardsmen?
Who rebuilt the old castle?
Who helped protect the city?
What was Rassul Khan forced into doing?
What did the Raiders have in week 3?
Which team was losing at halftime?
How many points separated the teams at halftime?
How many yards short was the play that Cleveland did not challenge?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first half?
How many points did the Brown score for the game?
How many more points did Oakland have at halftime relative to the Browns?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first half?
how many points did the Titans score in the second half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Whose fumble did DeAngelo Hall return for a touchdown?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns of 50 yards or more?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many incomplete passes did Harrington throw?
How many field goals between 30-40 yards were made?
What was the longest defensive touchdown of the game?
How many total yards were accumulated on defensive touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest interception return for a touchdown?
How many yards longer was the interception return for a touchdown compared to the fumble return?
How many yards shorter was the first rushing touchdown compared to the first defensive touchdown?
How many yards were accumulated on the first rushing touchdown and the first field goal when combined?
Which kicker made the first field goal that was shorter than 30-yards?
How many yards were accumulated on the first three field goals?
Which kicker converted the longest field goal?
Which kicker accumulated more field goal yards throughout the game?
How many more completions did Joey Harrington throw when compared to his incompletions?
How many yards per pass completion did Joey Harrington average during the game?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest TD passes?
Who caught the 4-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter?
How many passes did Houshmandzadeh receive?
Which player kicked the first field goal of the game?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Shayne Graham kick?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did the Bengals score in the second quarter?
How many yards shorter was Shayne Graham's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player completed the third longest TD pass?
How many TD passes over 12 yards were thrown?
How many TD passes between 5 yards and 20 yards were thrown?
How many yards longer was the second longest TD pass over the second shortest one?
How many yards longer was Romo's longest TD pass over Palmer's longest one?
How many TD passes over 17 yards were thrown?
Which player had the highest average length of TD passes?
Which player threw at most two TD passes?
How many more TD passes did Romo throw than Palmer?
How many yards longer was Graham's second longest field goal over Folk's longest one?
How many field goals longer than 35 yards were kicked?
How many yards longer was Graham's total yards of field goals than Folk's total yards of field goals?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many players scored touchdowns measuring longer then 30-yards in length?
How many touchdown passes measured less than 20-yards in length?
How many total yards were scored on passing touchdowns?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdowns?
How many field goals measured longer than 35-yards in length?
Which kicker had less total yards in field goals converted?
How many people died in the Battle of Winnepang?
How many people were killed or wounded in July 4, 1724?
Who joined the Mi'kmaqs in raiding and attacking?
Whichsuffered more deaths at the Battle of Winnepang, the Indians or the New Englanders?
How many Indians bodies were not recovered from the battle?
Which happened first, the Mi'kmaq blockade of Annapolis Royal, or the raid on the capital at Annapolis Royal?
How many years passed between the raid on Canso and the raid on Annapolis Royal?
How many years passed between the first raid on Canso and the second attack on Canso?
How many people died in the Battle of Winnipeg?
Which of more were killed in the Battle at Winnepang, Indians or New Englanders?
How many more Indians thean New Englanders were killed at the Battle at Winnepang?
How many Indians bodies were not recovered from the Battle at Winnepang
How many of the 35 Indian's bodies were not recovered?
How many more Indians were killed than the New Englanders the Indians took prisoner?
Who built blockhouses?
How many years passed between the raid of Canso and the second raid on Canso by 60 Abenakis and Mi'kmaqs?
How many in all were killed at the Battle at Winnepang?
How many Indian bodies were not recovered from the Battle at Winnepang?
How many poeople were killed the the Mi'kmaqs and Maliseets raided the capital on July 4, 1724?
How many in all were killed at the Battle at Winnepang?
Between 1723 and 1725, how many times was Canso, Nova Scotia atttacked by native tribes?
What country had difficulties caused by the salt tax in the 16th century?
Who did the 20000 rebels kill?
What was the final disposition of the rebels fate?
How many years did these events span?
How many years did the salt tax last ?
How many years passed between theMarennes and La Rochelle revolts and the riots demanding the smugglers' release?
What were people taxed over?
How many years did the salt tax last?
How many years after the Marennes and La Rochelle revolts in 1542 did riots break out in Angoumois and Saintonge demanding the release of the smugglers?
How many years after the 1542 revolts, did the salt-tax finally get abolished?
How many months after the lieutenant governor was killed did the King issue a general amnesty?
Which occurred first, the decree of Châtellerault or Marennes and La Rochelle revolts?
How many years after the Columbia Broadcasting System began making regular radio news broadcasts was Paul W. White hired?
Where did Paul W. White work first, United Press or CBS?
What How many years after he was hired was White promoted to vice president and general manager in charge of news at CBS?
How many years after White hired Edward R. Murrow did Murrow go to London?
How many years were there between CBS hiring White and CBS hiring Murrow?
After CBS started making regular radio news broadcasts, how many years passed before their first live on the air reporting?
How many years was White CBS's news editor?
How many years did Murrow work at CBS before being sent to London?
Who did CBS hire first, White or Murrow?
How many staff members did White led on CBS Radio European Operation/
How many members did White's staff come to include?
How many years after Paul W. White began his CBS career did he hire Edward R. Murrow?
How many years after CBS began making regular radio news broadcasts did they hire Paul W. White as the news editor?
How many years after Paul White was hired by CBS was he named vice president and general manager in charge of news?
How many years after Edward R. Murrow was hired by CBS was he sent to London to run CBS Radio's European operation?
How many years after White became the head of CBS News did he hire Edward R. Murrow?
How many years after CBS began making regular news broadcasts did they break the breaking news embargo and report in the Lindbergh kidnapping using live reporting?
How many years after Paul W. White was hired as CBS's news editor was he named vice president and general manager?
How many years after White hired Murrow was he sent to London to run CBS Radio's European operation?
How many staff members did White lead?
How many points did the colts win by?
Who scored the first points of the second half?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals score in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored total in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Colts lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
What was the shortest TD run?
Who was 4-3?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown rushes were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many times did the Broncos score in the game?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's second field goal compared to his first?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many yards difference exists between the shortest and longest touchdown run?
How many total field goal yards did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Matt Cassel or Jay Cutler ?
Which player threw the third longest touchdown pass?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards shorter was Matt Cassel's third field goal compared to his first?
Which touchdown passes did Matt Cassel make?
How many field goals were scored between 20 and 50 yards?
Which players kicked at least two field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards did the Patriots gain on their  two rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards did the Patriots gain on their  three throwing touchdowns?
What was Matt Cassel's longest touchdown?
How many total yards of field goals did Stephen Gostkowski make?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 30 yards were made?
Who had rushing touchdowns for the Patriots?
How many yards did Stephen Gostkowski gain on his first two field goals?
How many more yards were gained on the second field goal compared to the first?
How many yards were gained on all touchdowns measuring less than 10 yards long when combined with the longest field goal's length?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
Which team scored more first half touchdowns?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
Which QB had the most TD passes?
Which QB had the longest TD pass?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many scoring plays were in the first quarter?
Which kicker kicked less field goals in the first half?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 40 yards in the second half?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warners second touchdown pass than his first?
What all field goals did Neil Rackers make?
What all field goals did Matt Stover make in the first half?
How many total yards did Matt Stover kick for field goals in the first half?
How many total yards did Matt Stover kick for field goals?
How many more yards total did Matt Stover kick for field goals than Neil Rackers in the first half?
How many more yards was Kurt Warner's touchdown pass to Anquan Boldin than Steve McNair's touchdown pass to Derrick Mason?
How many more yards was Kurt Warner's touchdown pass to Anquan Boldin than Steve McNair's touchdown pass to Derrick Mason?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Stover or Neil Rackers ?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Stover kick?
How many more field goals did Matt Stover make compared to Neil Rackers?
How many total yards did Kurt Warner throw for touchdowns?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Neil Rackers' second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make that were longer than Neil Rackers shortest?
Which field goals did Neil Rackers make?
In how many quarters did Stover score a field goal kick?
In what quarter was Stover's highest field goal?
How many field goals over 20 yards did Stover kick in the game?
How many points are there between Stover's shortest field goal and his longest?
Which players scored field goals in the first half?
Which player kicked the longer field goal in the first half?
How many more yards was the longest field goal of the first half than the second longest?
In which quarters did both Stover and Rackers score a field goal?
Who scored more total yards in field goal kicks, Stover or Rackers?
In which quarter did Racker have a higher field goal kick than Stover?
How many yards more was the longest field goal of the game than the second longest?
Which field goal kicker scored more yards in the second half?
How many more yards did Stover kick in the second half than Rackers?
How many touchdown passes did Garcia throw to Galloway?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scroing play?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
Which team had a field goal in the game?
What was the halftime score?
Who was the most receiving yards?
Which player scored the final point of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many times did the Chargers score in the second half?
What was the final score?
Which team scored the first 24 points?
Which team did the Jets play monday night?
How many points did the Jets score by the half?
How many points did the Colts score by the final?
How many losses had the Jets had to the Colts coming into this game?
How many points did the Jets score without the Eagles scoring?
How many points greater was the lead that the Eagles had over the Jets in the 2nd quarter than at the end of the game?
By how many points did Philadelphia win?
How many times have the Eagles won against the Jets?
How many points did the bills fall behind by?
how many yards did the jets run for their 3 TDs?
Which team beat the Raiders in the week prior?
how many yards did the jets run?
Which team's kicker made a 37 yard goal?
Which team's quarterback made a 35 yard touch down pass?
Which quarterback managed a 35 yard touch down pass to Meachem?
Who caught a 35 yard touchdown pass from the Saints quarterback Drew Brees?
Which team scored the fewest points?
How many yards was the interception return for a TD?
How many yards was the longest passing TD?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
How many defensive players scored a touchdown?
How many fumbles were recovered and returned for a touchdown?
How many yards was the longest made field goal?
How many more yards was Jay Feely's longest field goal compared John Carney's longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Jay Feely have compared to John Carney?
Which player did Drew Brees complete his longest TD to?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of fumble recoveries for touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than John Carney's longest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more total field goal yards did Jay Feely make than John Carney?
How many points did the Dolphins score on the opening drive?
How many points did the patriots score on their first drive?
Which team got on the board first?
How many wins did the Patriots have to start this game?
Who scored more points, the Patriots or the Dolphins?
How long was Ricky Williams touchdown?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did The Patriots trail by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many total yards did Patrick Chung have on his two touchdown plays?
Which team led in points for three quarters?
How many yards did Mathews get in the second half?
How many wins did this game give the Patriots?
How many first downs did the Patriots get in the third quarter?
How many points did the Chargers get in the second half?
How many points did the Chargers get in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots get in the first half?
How many total interceptions were thrown?
Which players threw an interception?
Which defensive players intercepted passes?
How many points did the Patriots score below their season average?
How many total rushing yards did Mathews have?
How many points did the Patriots score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many more passes did Brady complete than Rivers?
How many more passes did Brady attempt than Rivers?
How many passing yards did Brady and Rivers have combined?
How many more touchdowns than interceptions did Brady throw?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers lose by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots trailing by at halftime?
How many passes did Philip Rivers throw?
How many rushing attempts did Mathews have in the game?
Which player scored first in the second half?
How many passes did Tom Brady complete?
Which player had the first return touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Panthers score by halftime?
Who scored more points, the Bears or Panthers?
How many yards difference was Cam Newton's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which team won the game?
Which team scored a safety in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the second half?
Which team scored the most points?
Who did the Saints defeat in week 2?
Who scored during the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Bills get in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass?
Who caught the first touchdown reception?
How many touchdown runs did Pierre Thomas have?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals of at least 25 yards did Carney make?
How many touchdowns did Pierre Thomas score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards shorter was Pierre Thomas's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Who scored all the touchdowns in the second half?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were between 20 and 40 yards long?
How many yards did all touchdowns add up to?
How many yards did all field goals longer than 20 yards in length combine for?
How many more yards did touchdowns combine for compared to field goals?
How many yards did the two longest touchdowns combine for?
How many yards was the average length of all touchdowns?
How many yards shorter was John Carney's first field goal kick than his second?
How many yards was the longest fourth quarter touchdown run compared to the shortest?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many points did the steelers score in the 2nd quarter?
Which team scored the first points in the 2nd half?
Which team was leading in points until the second quarter?
How many points did the Steelers have at the end of the game?
How many points did the Ravens score in total?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell kick in the first half?
What distances did Chris Boswell kick field goals from in the first half?
How long were the missed field goal attempts?
Which players missed field goals?
Which players missed field goals?
From what distances were there missed field goal attempts?
How many total yards of field goals did Chris Boswell make?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the second half?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the second quarter?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Chris Boswell's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player had a rushing and passing touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Roddy White catch?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the second half?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick in the fourth quarter?
How many more yards was Matt Bryant's third field goal over his second?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
Which players scored a touchdown of 40 yards or more?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Falcons lead by at the half?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Matt Ryan or Cam Newton?
How many points did Atlanta lead by at halftime?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 40 yards?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Atlanta win by?
How long were each of Roddy White's touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Roddy White have on touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Matt Bryant have on field goals?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals did Barth make in the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Where do the Bengals play?
How many consecutive losses did this make for the Radiers?
What was the oakland's first score?
What is the raider's season record after this game?
Which quarterback threw the first interception?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many TD runs did Rudi Johnson get?
During what quarter was the only field goal?
How many more games had the Raiders lost than won in the season?
How many points did the Bears score before the end of the first half?
How many wins did the Giants have in their first six games of the season?
How many interceptions did Eli Manning have after game 6?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half?
How much was the first play worth?
How many wins did the Giants have after this game?
Who scored more points, Wentz or Manning?
Which quarterback had two interceptions?
How many more in percent did the GDP grow in 1987 than 1988?
How many more in percent did the GDP grow in 1987 than 1989?
How many more in percent did the GDP grow in 1989 than 1988?
How many more in percent did the GDP grow in 1997 than 1998?
Did the GDP grow by more in 1987 or 1988?
Was GDP growth smaller in 1989 or 1987?
How many more percent was growth of petroleum prices in 1986 than 1987?
Which year had the largest increase in Petroleum prices, 1997 or 1996?
How many total percentage points did the GDP grow between 1987 and 1989?
How many percentage points greater was GDP growth in 1997 than it was in 1999?
Which year has a higher percentage in GDP: 1998 or 1997?
How many GDP percentage did Brunei recover in 1997 than 1998?
What year had the lowest percentage in GDP: 1998 or 1996?
How many more percentage of GDP in 1997 than 1996?
How many percentage did 1997 and 1998 have combined?
What year was the GDP 2.5 percent?
How many total percentage points did the GDP recover between 1987 and 1989?
How many percentage points did the GDP drop between 1997 and 1998
How long was the longest field goal?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
Which team won the game, Jets or Titans?
How many games have the Jets won this season?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many yards was the distance of the longest field goal made?
Which kicker had the longest kick?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Feely's total yards of field goal over Bironas' longest field goal?
Which player kicked the shortest and the second shortest field goals?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards were scored?
How many yards difference exists between Rob Bironas's longest and second longest field goal?
How many yards difference exists between Leon Washington's longest and shortest touchdown runs?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Brett Favre throw for on touchdown passes?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were kicked?
How many touchdowns under 10 yards were there?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
How long were each of Bironas's field goals?
How many yards longer was second half's total yards of field goals over first half's total yards of field goals?
How many yards shorter was Bironas longest field goal than Feely's total yards of field gaols?
How many yards longer was Bironas' shortest field gaol over Feely's longest one?
How many yards longer was the longest TD pass over the second longest one?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Jay Feely make in the game?
How many total yards in field goals did Jay Feely kick in the game?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas make in the game?
How many total yards in field goals did Rob Bironas kick in the game?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many touchdown runs were there over 10 yards?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre make in the game?
What all field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many yards difference was Jay Feely’s first field goal compared to his second?
What all field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many yards difference was Rob Bironas’s first field goal compared to his second?
What all touchdowns did Brett Favre make?
How many yards difference was Brett Favre’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
What all touchdowns did Leon Washington make?
How many yards difference was Leon Washington's first touchdown run compared to his second?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby make in the first quarter?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's longest field goal?
How many points did the Packers score in the first half?
How many yards was the 49ers longest field goal?
Who caught the games longest TD?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player scored the final TD?
How many 27-yard field goals did Mason Crosby kick?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which kicker had fewer yards in the first quarter?
How many total yards did Crosby have?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were scored?
How many years did World War II last?
How many year time span was called the Greek economic miracle?
Which year had a higher GDP in Greece, 2003 or 2006?
How many years in total did World War II last?
How many decades did the Greek economic miracle last?
How many years did World War II last?
How many years of time were known as the "Greek economic miracle" due to high levels of economic growth?
By how many percentage points did the Greek GDP growth fall between 2003 and 2006?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rates drop between 2008 and 2009?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rates drop between 2010 and 2011?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rates drop between 2008 and 2013?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rates drop between 2009 and 2010?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate fall from 2008 to 2009?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate fall from 2008 to 2010?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate fall from 2008 to 2011?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate fall from 2008 to 2012?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate fall from 2008 to 2013?
How many percentage points did the GDP growth rate improve from 2011 to 2012?
What all years saw GDP growth rate of less than -5%?
Between which years saw the greatest fall in the GDP growth rate?
Between which years saw the greatest raise in the GDP growth rate?
How many years in a row has Greece had positive GDP growth rate?
How many more percentage of GDP growth rate in 2008 than 2009?
How many years did the Word War II devastate Greece economy?
How many years did the Greek economic miracle last?
How many millions did Greece reduce their debt in the first quarter of 2012?
Was GDP growth in Greece higher in 2006 or 2003?
Which year had the highest percentage of GDP growth above Eurozone average: 2003 or 2006?
Which year had the lowest negative percentage with GDP growth rates: 2011 or 2012?
How many years did the World War II last?
How many years did the Greek economic miracle last?
How many total battleships, cruisers and torpedo boat destroyers combined did Vitgeft proceed to lead to the Yellow Sea in 1904?
How many minutes after the time the battleship fleets obtained visual contact with each other did a torpedo strike Vitgefts flagship's bridge, killing him?
How many total cruisers, battleships, crusiers, and torpedo boat destroyers did Admiral Tōgō's fleet consist of combined?
Who commanded the fleet first, Makarov or Vitgeft?
Who died last, Makarov or Vitgeft?
How many more battleships than cruisers did Vitgeft have?
What did the fleet have more of, cruisers or torpedo boat destroyers?
Who had more battleships, Vitgeft or Tōgō?
How many more cruisers did Tōgō have than Vitgeft?
Which type of boat did Tōgō have most of?
How many types of boats did the fleet have?
How many miles did the ships travel toward each other after the commenced firing?
Who died first, Vitgeft or Tōgō?
Who was the Admiral of the battle fleet first, Wilgelm Vitgeft or Stepan Makarov?
How many total ships did Vitgeft lead into battle on August 10, 1904?
How many ships did Admiral Togo command at the battle on August 10, 1904?
Which Admiral was the first to die in battle, Wilgem Vitgeft or Stepan Makarov?
How many years did the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War last?
Which happened first, the deaths of Vytautas and Jogaila, or Teutonic armies entering northern Poland?
Which happened first, the Battle of Grunwald, or Küchmeister deposing von Plauen?
How many years passed between Grunwald's defeat and the Grand Master's attempt reopen negotiations?
Which Knights demanded that Samogitia would pass to them?
Who deposed Teutonic Grand Master Heinrich von Plauen?
How many years  did the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War last?
Benedict made the decision and recognized the right bank of the Neman River how many years before He attempted to reopen the negotiations with Poland?
How many years before he attempted to reopen the negotiations with Poland was the start of the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War?
The Battle of Grunwald was how many years before Benedict made the decision and recognized the right bank of the Neman River?
The Battle of Grunwald and what else happened in the same year?
How many years did the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War last?
Who became the Grand Master that commanded negotiations with Poland in May 1414, Küchmeister or von Plauen ?
Who did King Jogaila want to have negotiations with, Küchmeister or von Plauen?
How many years after the end of the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War did Benedict recognize Lithuania as owner of the right bank of the Neman River?
Who challenged Bathory's authority in Transylvania?
How many heirs did King Sigismun II have?
Who ruled Poland first, King Sigismund II or Henry of France?
Who was king of Poland first, Henry of France or Anna Jagiellon?
Who was Viviode of Transylvania first, Stephen Báthory or Christopher Báthory?
What happened last, Stephen Báthory made his brother Voivode of Transylvania, or married Anna Jagiellon?
Who did Henry of France succeed?
Which Báthory brother was Voivode of Transylvania first?
Who married Anna and was crowned King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in 1516?
Which occurred last, Stephen Báthory passed the mantle to his brother or King Sigismund II of Poland died?
How many years after the death of King Sigismund II of Poland did Báthory begin using the title of the Prince of Transylvania?
What happened first: Sigismund II of Poland died or Stephen Báthory passed the mantle?
What happened second: Sigismund II of Poland died or Stephen Báthory passed the mantle?
Who died first: King Sigismund II or Henry of France?
Who was king second: King Sigismund II or Henry of France?
How many years after King Sigmund's death was a new king elected?
Whose riding animals were stolen?
How many Franciscan missionaries were there in New Mexico?
How many people who weren't Franciscan missionaries, were killed in Spanish settlements by the revolts?
How many of the 1,946 survivors were not Indian slaves?
How many of the Franciscan missionaries were left alive after the Puebloans pillaging?
How many people were killed that weren't Franciscan missionaries from the Puebloans' assault?
How many people were killed that weren't Franciscan missionaries from the Puebloans' assault on August 10?
Which event happened first, the pillaging of the Spanish settlements or the demolishing of all the Spanish settlements in New Mexico?
How many days passed in between the killing of the 400 people and the Santa Fe besiege?
How many of the 33 Franciscan missionaries in New Mexico survived the August 10th attacks?
How many of the 400 people killed were not Franciscan missionaries in New Mexico?
How many of the 1946 survivors were not Indian slaves?
Which date was the revolt actually supposed to start?
how many yards did jay freely kick?
how many did leon washington run?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Bears played on the season before this game against the Lions?
How many field goal attempts were successfully converted?
How many field goals did  Dave Rayner attempt that were good?
Who kicked field goals of at least 50 yards?
Which player scored first in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who caught the last score of the game?
From what distances did Drew Stanton score touchdowns?
What player had the most receiving yards?
How many points did the Chiefs score on their first drive?
How many points did denver score on it's first drive?
How many points were scored on Denvers second drive?
How many points did the chiefs score on their second drive?
How many quarters did matt cassel play in?
How many field goals did the Chiefs make in the first half?
Which team had the lead by 1 point at halftime?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which team scored last?
How many points did the Chiefs have at half time?
Which team scored more in the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes did the Raiders throw?
How many combined points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did Julio Jones have?
How many points were the Falcons winning by at halftime?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
Who had the longest touchdown play of the game?
In what quarter did both teams score the same amount of points?
How many yards shorter was the first field score scored relative to the first touchdown?
How many yards long was the mean value of the rushing touchdowns scored?
How many yards long was the mean value of passing touchdowns scored?
How many yards of differential are between the mean value of rushing touchdowns and the mean value of passing touchdowns?
Which quarterback had the shortest passing touchdown scored?
How many rushing touchdowns measured longer than 50-yards in length?
How many rushing touchdowns measured shorter than 5-yards in length?
How many more games had the Charger won relative to losses over the course of the season after this win?
What all touchdowns did J. P. Losma make?
How many more yards was J. P. Losman's second touchdown over his first?
How many yards difference was there in LaDainian Tomlinson's touchdown run over Willis McGee's touchdown run?
How many games had the Broncos played in Invesco Field this season?
Which team had the most penalties?
How many field goals were scored by the end of regulation?
What type of score led to the eventual win?
How many total points were scored at the end of regulation time?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal in the game?
How many total field goals were in the game?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many yards was Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick?
How many yards was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass of the game than the shortest?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Jason Hanson or Ryan Longwell?
How many more field goals did Jason Hanson make over Ryan Longwell?
How many total field goal yards did Jason Hanson make?
How many yards shorter was Jason Hanson's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
Which field goals did Jason Hanson make?
Which player had more field goals over 30 yards, Jason Hanson or Ryan Longwell?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's first field goal over his second field goal?
How many yards difference exists between Ryan Longwell's longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many years do the events span?
How many brotherhoods are mentioned by name?
What programs failed?
What was the first listed key union?
What happened first, the rapid growth of large railroad systems, or 17 major railway brotherhoods being in operation?
How many years did the events span from?
How many years are between the rapid growth of the railroad systems, a national strike being conducted?
How many more hours was someone mandated to be paid for under the Adamson Act if they worked 8 hours a day?
How many years after the unions consolidated their power did they strike?
Did the railway unions join before or after the consolidation of large railroad systems?
When was the first strike?
Which two years saw programs that failed promoted through strikes?
Who consolidated power in 1916?
What did the union organizations do to get the Adamson Act passed?
How many key railroad unions were there?
When did unions try to get the railroads nationalized?
Who went on strike after WWI?
How many years after consolidating power did the unions go on strike?
How many more feet do the La Sal Mountains rise up to then the Blue Mountains?
What do Tributary canyons NOT form, cliffs, gorges, or chasms?
Which mountain is taller, the Blue Mountains, or the La Sal Mountains?
How many more feet taller is the La Sal Mountains to the Blue Mountains?
How many feet is the difference between the height of the La Sal Mountains and the Blue Mountains?
How many feet taller are the La Sal Mountains than the Blue Mountains?
Which are higher, Blue Mountains or the La Sal Mountains?
How many feet higher is La Sal Mountains compared to the Blue Mountains?
Which elevation is higher, Lake Powell or La Sal Mountains?
What type of environments make up San Juan County?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many TD passes did Aaron Rodgers complete?
What quarter was the shortest TD pass in?
What quarter was the longest TD pass in?
How many points did the Falcons outscore the Packers by in their first quarter margin?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many passes did Matt Ryan attempt in the first half?
How many interceptions did Matt Ryan throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team lost to the Panthers in week 4?
Which team scored the least first quarter points this game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many players were ejected in the game?
What was the largest deficit of the game?
How many consecutive points did Cleveland score to win?
how many points did the titans lead?
Who scored first?
When did the Browns score?
How many points did the Titans score in the first half?
How many points did the Titans score in the second half?
Who punted
Who scored first
Which team led by at least twenty points?
Who was involved in the brawl?
How many points did the Broncos' have before Paxton Lynch was replaced?
Underwhich quarterback were the Broncos finally able to score a point?
How many players were ejected in the game?
How many points was Oakland ahead by at the half?
Which team went scoreless the first half?
Which team scored last in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many of the Broncos possessions got past their own 37-yard line?
Which players had the same number of touchdown passes?
Which players were involved in a fight?
who won the game?
what was the last play of the game?
who scored last?
how many points did the bucks lead by in the first?
How many yards did the bucks intercept at?
how many seconds were left with griese connected?
How many yards did Griese connect for?
Which team scored in overtime?
Which player scored first for the Buccaneers?
How many more men than officers worked on the building of the fort?
How many years passed between the selection of the site as a home for loyalists and the naming of the fort as Tête-de-Pont Barracks?
Which happened forst, the naming of the fort as Tête-de-Pont Barracks, or the War of 1812?
How many years do these events span?
What year were the barracks started
HGow many people rebuilt the fort
How many years passed between the  settlement of the Cataraqui region by the British and the last of the barrack buildings built?
How many more men assisted in rebuilding the fort than officers?
How many total men and officers repaired and rebuilt the fort?
How many years after a lime kiln, hospital, barracks, officers' quarters, storehouses, and a bakehouse were completed, did the fort become known as Tête-de-Pont Barracks?
How many years after raids were well into the Polish Ukraine as far as Belarus did Russia annex Crimea?
How many years apart were the Treaty of the Hague and the Treaty of London?
Which treaty came later, Hague or London?
Which happened first, Charles publishing his will or the Treaty of London?
What happened later, Treaty of Hague or Treaty of London?
Which Treaty made the six year old heir to the bulk  of the Spanish Monarchy?
Which event happened later, Treaty of Hague or Treaty of London?
How many countries were apart of the Second Partition Treaties?
What happened first, Charles published his Will or he died of smallpox?
How many years old was the heir to the Spanish Monarchy?
How many different treaties are mentioned?
How many years spanned from the first treaty to the last?
Which treaty happened first as a result of Louis and William III attempting to resolve the Succession of diplomacy, the Treaty of Hague or the Treaty of London?
How many months after Charles published his Will making Joseph Ferdinand heir to an independent Spanish Monarchy did Ferdinand die of smallpox?
How many years after Maria Antonia married Maximillian Emanuel did the Treaty make their six year old son heir to the bulk of the Spanish Monarchy?
How many regions was the First and Second Partition Treaties between?
How many times did Skalmantas raid Culm?
What year did the Battle of Löbau take place?
How many years pass between the defeat of the Teutons and the arrival of reinforcements?
Which happened first, the Battle of Lobau or the sacking of Bartenstein?
What happened first: Battle of Pokarwis or assassination of Mindaugas?
What happened second: Battle of Pokarwis or assassination of Mindaugas?
How many strongholds were Knights left with?
How many years did it take for most castles to fall?
What happened first: Bartenstein fell or killing Duke Siemowit I?
What happened second: Bartenstein fell or killing Duke Siemowit I?
What battle started first: Battle of Pokarwis or Battle of Löbau?
What battle started second: Battle of Pokarwis or Battle of Löbau?
How many years passed when most castles fell?
How many countries did the Prussians receive help from in the Battle of Löbau?
Who died first: Duke Siemowit I or Mindaugas?
Who died second: Duke Siemowit I or Mindaugas?
How many years after the first reinforcements to the Teutonic forces arrived but were wiped out in the Battle of Pokarwis did more reinforcements arrive from the Rhineland?
How many years after most castles fall did Bartenstein finally fall?
How many years passed in between Skalmantas' first and second raid of Culm?
What was the score of the game after the first quarter?
How close did the Raiders get in the third?
By how many points did the Jaguars win this game?
How many yards did McFadden run to score his touchdown?
In which quarter did Catanzaro kick his longest field goal?
How many points did they win by
When did the Raiders fir st score
How many points close were they in third?
How many field goal attempts were successful in this game?
How many field goals did Raider's kicker Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many rushing touchdowns were there?
How many losses did the Raiders have after losing to the Cardinals?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
What two players made field goals in the game?
How many yards in field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick in all?
How many yards were the two shorest field goals in the game?
How many yards were the two longest field goals in the game?
How many points did the Kentucky Wildcats win the Indiana Hoosiers?
How many points did the Hoosiers beat the Wolverines by in the 1976 NCAA Tournament?
What injury limited May to 7 minutes of play time?
How many years had Knight been coaching Indiana when they won the Big Ten championship and reached the FInal FOur?
Between 1974 and 1976, how many Big Ten games did the Hoosiers win in a row?
How many games did the Hoosiers lose in the 1975-76 regular season?
How many points did the Hoosiers lose to Kentucky by in the 1975 NCAA Mens Division I Basketball Tournament?
How many losses did the Hoosiers have in the 1975-76 season and 1976 NCAA Mens Division I Basketball Tournament?
How many points did the Hoosiers win by when they defeated the Michigan Wolverines in the 1976 title game?
How many other teams in NCAA Division I mens basketballare undefeated?
How many points did the Hoosiers lose to the Kentucky Wildcats?
How many points did the Hoosiers win the Purdue Boilermakers?
How many touchdowns did Tony Gonzalez have?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the first half?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdown passes of at least 30 yards did Tyler Thigpen throw?
How many yards were there in difference between the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were thrown in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many total points did the Rams score in the two games against the Broncos?
How many points did the Broncos score in the two games?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Rams win by when they met the Broncos at home in 2006?
What was the winning score?
What was the losing score?
How many victories do the Giants now have?
How many defeats do the Giants now have?
What is the Giants division record?
Which team scored more points?
How many points were the Redskins ahead by at the end of the game?
How many touchdowns have the Redskins scored early in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored?
Why did WCBW staff stop live broadcasts?
How many news programs was WCBW the commercial station broadcasting for in 1941?
In 1941, how many newscasts did WCBW air each week?
How many months after Pearl Harbor did WCBW cancel the newscasts?
How many hours between the first and second news program passed for the daily news program for WCBW in 1941?
How many hours apart were they two daily news programs CBC aired weekdays, anchored by Richard Hubbell?
How many months after Pearl Harbor was bombed and WCBW took to the air with an extensive special report did they sharply cut back its live program schedule and the newscasts were canceled?
How many hours after the first CBS daily news program broadcast in 1941, did the second daily news program broadcast?
Why was there a special report on WCBW on December 7, 1941?
What was the subject of the special report on December 7, 1941?
How many hours passed between the two daily news programs on CBS?
How many months after the start of the war were the live newscasts cut back?
When was the first long live broadcast on CBS?
What caused the lack of parts for the ability to repair cameras?
How many years apart was the census taken for the Guarani population?
How many years passed between the end of the Treaty of Madrid and the Treaty of San Ildefonso?
How many people was the population of Guarani in 1756?
How many years did it take the population of Guarani to reduce?
What did Spain do in 1759?
How many years after the end of the Treaty of Madrid was the La Plata border finalized?
What group of people abandoned the seven reductions after being defeated?
Was the population of the Guarani from the seven missions higher in 1756 or 1750?
Which happened later, the ending of the Treaty of Madrid or the inception of the Treaty of San Ildefonso?
How many years after the Treaty of Madrid ended was the border of the La Plata colonial region finalized?
Who first established the seven missions?
How many people in total were counted on the census in 1750, approximately?
How many year time span was a census taken showing a loss of 14284 people?
How many years after Spain ended the Treaty of Madrid was the border of the La Plata region finalized by the Treaty of San Ildefonso?
How many reductions that had been ceded to Portugal in the Treaty of Madrid?
How many people lived in the seven missions in 1750?
How many years did it take for the population of Guarani to drop by almost 15,000?
Which year was the population the highest, 1756 or 1750?
How many countries ended the Treaty of Madrid?
How many countries forced the Guarani to abandon the seven reductions that had been ceded to Portugal in the Treaty of Madrid and to move to Spanish controlled lands?
Which year was the population in Guarani higher, 1750 or 1756?
How many people were there living in Guarani in 1750?
How many years passed between the Jin dynasty and the Song dynasty?
Which dynasty was defeated first, the Song dynasty or the Jin dynasty?
Genghis Khan and his descendants were also called?
Which did Genghis Khan and his descendants conquer first, Korea or the Song dynasty?
How many years after subjugating the Western Xia did Genghis Khan and his descendants destroy them?
How many years was it from the time Genghis Khan and his descendants defeated the Jin dynasty to the time they defeated the Song dynasty?
How many years was it from the time Genghis Khan and his descendants destroyed the Western Xia to the time the Dali King Duan Xingzhi defected to the Mongols?
Which dynasty did Khan destroy last, Song Dynasty or Jin Dynasty?
Which country did Khan fail to invade, Dali or Japan?
How many dynasties did Khan defeat?
Which did Khan invade first, Western Xia, Jin dynasty or Song dynasty?
How many years did it take for Khan to destroy Western Xia?
How many years after defeating the Western Xia did Khan defeat the Jin dynasty?
How many years after defeating the Jin dynasty did Khan defeat the Song dynasty?
Which country was Khan not successful in invading?
How many years after Khan subjugated the Western Xia did he destroy them?
Which was destroyed last the Song dynasty or the Jin dynasty?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which team scored more during the first quarter?
Which kicker kicked the longer field goal during the first quarter?
How many yards was Janikowski's longest field goal?
Did Tynes kick a longer field goal in the first quarter or fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who made the longest field goal of the game?
how many yards did janikowski get?
how many yards did green get?
how many yards did tynes kick?
how many yards did the raiders get in the second?
how many yards did tynes get in the fourth?
how many yards did janikowski get in the third?
How many field goals were longer than 30 yards?
Which player kicked the two longest field goals?
How many yards difference was there between Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal and his second longest field goal?
How many yards difference was there between Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal and his shortest field goal?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
Which Rams quarterback threw a touchdown?
How many yards was Hasselbeck third quarter touchdown pass?
Which Rams quarterback had the most touchdowns?
Who had the longest rush of the game?
How many receptions did Isaac Bruce catch?
How many pass attempts did Marc Bulger have?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored a safety?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which kicker kicked a field goal under 30 yards?
How many losses did the Rams have after the game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many yards longer was Josh Browns field goal compared to Jeff Wilkins field goal?
Which kicker did not kick a field goal of over 30 yards?
Which units were housed by less people, owner-occupied housing units or rental housing units?
How many houses were unoccupied?
How many percent higher was the rental vacancy rate than the homeowner vacancy rate?
How many percent of housing units were not occupied by renters?
How many percent of housing units were not occuped by the owners?
How many more percent is the rental vacany rate than the homeowner vacancy rate?
How many percent higher was the homeowner vacancy than the rental vacancy rate?
How many of the housing units were unoccupied?
How many more units were occupied by renters than by the owners?
How many more people were renters than owners?
Which housing has the largest percentage: owner-occupied or occupied by renters?
How many more percentage does renters have than owner-occupied?
What has a lower percentage: homeowner vacancy rate or rental vacancy?
How many points did The Lions have at the end of the first quarter?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many points did The Lions score in the fourth quarter?
How many minutes approximately did it take for the Saints to score?
How many more touchdowns did Jeremy Shocky catch compared to Marques Colston?
How many more yards was Drew Bree's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many touchdown passes over 10 yards were completed in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many passing touchdowns went over 40 yards?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brees or Stafford?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD of the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player caught the most TD passes in the first half?
How many points did the Saints lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Saints lead by at halftime?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns of 40 yards or more?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Eagles have in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did the Eagles defense have?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Akers kick?
Which team scored first?
How many losses did the Colts have at the start of the game?
Which team had the least points at the end?
How many quarters was Collie in before injury?
How many interceptions did Manning have?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Colts lead by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Who scored a touchdown over 40 yards?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many yards was the average length of the first three field goals kicked?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards did all offensive touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did all of the converted field goals combine for?
How many total yards were there on rushing touchdowns?
Which players had a rushing touchdown?
How many total yards of field goals did Rian Lindell make?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
How long were each of Rian Lindell's field goals?
How many yards were each of Lindell's field goals?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than the first?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Tebow and the yards of the field goal made by Prater?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Tebow and the yards of the TD pass to Decker?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Tebow and the yards of the field goal made by Succop?
Which team did not score in the first half?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Alex Smith have in the first quarter?
What Bronco miss handled a punt?
What was the longest TD pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Alex Smith throw in the first quarter?
How many first quarter touchdowns did the Chiefs score?
How many times did Denver score in the game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were the Chiefs ahead by after one quarter?
What was the longest TD catch of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs make in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick in the second quarter?
How many yards was Alex Smith's second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Which television network had the film footage, CBS or NBC?
When the WCBW reopened who was the first newscast anchor, Ned Calmer or Everett Holles?
When the call letters for the station were change from WCBW to WCBS-TV, who anchored later, Milo Boulton or Douglas Edwards?
How many years did Edwards remain with CBS News before he retired in 1988?
How many years after Edwards began anchoring CBS Television News was it renamed the CBS Evening News?
How many years after Edwards was replaced by Walter Cronkite did he retire?
How many years after Edwards began anchoring CBS Television News did he retire from CBS?
How did CBS Television News differ from NBC Television Newsreel?
Who was the first anchor of CBS Evening News?
How many minutes was Douglas Edwards' initial nightly newscast?
How many anchors preceded Walter Cronkite on WCBS-TV?
How many anchors did WCBW have in 1944?
What network had the first regularly scheduled network television news program featuring an anchor?
What was the name of the first news program to be broadcast on both coasts?
How many years was the program called Douglas Edwards with the News?
How many years after being replaced by Walter Cronkite was Douglas Edwards employed by CBS?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals did Cardinals kicker Jay Feely make?
How many field goals did Josh Brown make?
how many yards did feely run?
how many yards did Brown nail?
How many touchdowns of over 40 yards did Martin have?
How many yards did the Buccaneers have?
What was the record for rushing yards in a game?
how many games did buccaneers score more than 30 points that season?
Which player scored the first Packers touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many first-half scoring drives did the Packers have?
Who caught the first touchdown pass?
How many Packers receivers caught touchdown passes?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many interceptions did Matthew Stafford throw?
From which yard line did the Packers score from twice?
How many yards difference was the Packers longest touchdown to their shortest?
What was the Packers second longest touchdown?
How many total yards of field goals did the Packers have in the first half?
How many more yards was the Packers first touchdown over the Lions?
Which touchdown was shorter, the first to Calvin Johnson or the secondto Donald Lee?
How many total points were scored before halftime?
Which player scored a defensive TD?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals under 25-yards were converted?
Which players scored exactly 7-yard touchdowns?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more touchdowns did the Packers score than the Lions?
Who completed a 16-yard TD pass to WR Roddy White?
How many field goals did Elam kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Garrett Hartley kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Elam kick in the second half?
Who got the longest interception in the fourth quarter?
How many TD passed did Ryan complete in the first quarter?
How many TD passed did Ryan complete in the first half?
How many TD passed did Ryan complete in the fourth quarter?
Which QB had more first half touchdown passes?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many yards was the longest first half field goal?
Which kicker made more field goals in the first half?
Which kicker had the longest field goal?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did Matt Ryan throw?
How many total passing touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was Matt Ryan's longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goals were in the game?
How many field goals did Garret Hartley kick?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals did Jason Elam make?
how many yards did Ryan complete?
how many yards did Hartley get?
how many yards did Hartley make in the second?
how many yards did Bree complete and pass to Moore?
How many points did the Raiders score against the Falcons in the prior week?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
Which player caught the last TD of the game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
Which team ended with the win?
How many more field goals were made compared to kicked.
How many field goals did Janikowski kick?
How many of the touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many yards of touchdown runs were there?
how many yards did the chiefs take?
how many yards did carr get
How many passes did Derek Carr throw?
How many incomplete passes did Carr throw??
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Chiefs lead by at halftime?
How many field goals did Janikowski make?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
Who scored first in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Texans win by?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many times did the Redskins score all game?
Which team had a new coach?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many yards of touchdown passes were thrown during the game?
How many more yards of touchdown runs were there compared to touchdown passes?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many field goals did Gould kick during the game?
How many yards of field goals did Gould kick?
How many more yards of field goals did Gould kick compared to Henery?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
Who had the longer TD run, McCoy or Barber?
Who threw a 5-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Alex Henery kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Alex Henery kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many yards longer was Gould's field goal in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Gould kick in total?
How many total yards of rushing touchdowns did the Eagles have?
How many more yards was Robbie Gould's longest field goal over his shortest?
From which yard line did Cutler have two touchdowns from?
How many days after the election of Jose Bordas Valdez did the US naval ships intervene to end the bombardment of Puerto Plata?
How many months after the election of Valdez were US troops deployed to support the government in Santo Domingo?
How many months after the election of Valdez did the ceasefire agreement between the government and rebels occur?
Which happened first, U.S naval ships intervened to end the U.S. troops were deployed in support of the government in Santo Doming or bombardment of Puerto Plata ?
What happened first: Arias led a rebellion or Valdez was elected president?
What happened second: Arias led a rebellion or Valdez was elected president?
How many months passed between Arias leading a rebellion and Valdez being elected president?
What happened first: naval ships intervened or U.S. government mediated the signing?
How many months after General Desiderio Arias led a rebellion against the government in La Vega and Santiago was José Bordas Valdez elected president?
How many days after José Bordas Valdez was elected president did U.S. naval ships interene to end the bombardment of Puerto Plata?
How manymonths after José Bordas Valdez was elected president did the U.S. mediate the signing of a ceasefire agreement between the government and rebel representatives?
How many months after intervening to end the bombardment of Puerto Plata did the US deploy troops in support of the government in Santo Domingo?
How many cities did General Desiderio Arias led a rebellion against?
How many months after Arias' rebellion was Valdez elected president?
What cities did the US intervene to support in 1914?
How many months did Arias' rebellion last?
How many months after the rebellion led by Arias began was Valdez elected president?
How many months after U.S. Naval ships intervened to end the bombardment of Puerto Plata were U. S. troops deployed to the Dominican Republic?
How many months passed between the election of Valdez as president and the signing of a ceasefire agreement between government and rebel representatives?
Who scored more points, the Rams or the Broncos?
Which team was ahead to start the fourth quarter?
How many first half field goals did Brown make?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many more field goals were kicked during the first half compared to the second half?
How many yards was Bradford's second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passing yards did Orton have?
How many touchdown passes were there between 20 and 40 yards?
Which players kicked at least two  field goals?
Which players had touchdown receptions of over 35 yards?
What players had multiple touchdown receptions?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Sam Bradford have?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Kyle Orton have?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many more yards of field goals did Josh Brown make than Matt Prater?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many  yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Sam Bradford make?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
What all touchdowns did Sam Bradford make?
What all touchdowns did Kyle Orton make?
How many yards difference was Sam Bradford’s touchdown pass to Michael Hoomanawanui compared to his first touchdown pass to Billy Bajema?
How many yards difference was Sam Bradford’s touchdown pass to Michael Hoomanawanui compared to his seciond touchdown pass to Billy Bajema?
How many yards difference was Kyle Orton’s first touchdown pass to Brandon Lloyd compared to his touchdown pass to Eddie Royal?
How many yards difference was Kyle Orton’s first touchdown pass to Brandon Lloyd compared to his second touchdown pass to Brandon Lloyd?
What all field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many total yards did Matt Prater kick for field goals?
What all field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's first field goal compared to Josh Brown's first field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's second field goal compared to Josh Brown's second field goal?
Which happened firts, the defeat of the Danes and Mansfelt or the surrender of 's-Hertogenbosch ?
How many addition troops did Frederick Henry raise before the siege of 's-Hertogenbosch?
How many months did the invasion of the Dutch last?
How many years after the intervention of Christian IV of Denmark were both the Danes and and Mansfelt defeated?
How many soldiers was the Army of Flanders estimated to have?
How many armies lost a battle in 1626?
Which army had more soldiers in April of 1629, States Army or Army of Flanders?
About how many soldiers were in the Army of Flanders by April 1629?
How many years after the Danes were defeated in 1626 did 's-Hertogenbosch surrender to Frederick Henry?
How many years passed after Christian IV of Denmark intervened were the Danes defeated?
Who had more soldiers, the States Army, or the Army of Flanders?
How many more soldiers did the States Army have than the the mobile army raised by Frederick Henry?
How many more men did the States General have than Frederick Henry at the state of the emergency?
Who did the Catholic league defeat
Which country did the United States give more money to for war expenditures, France or China?
How many billions of dollars was sent to Britain and the Soviet Union?
What two countries received the most aid?
Which country received more money from the United States, the Soviet Union or France?
How many more billions of dollars did the Soviet Union receive from the United States compared to China?
How many billions of dollars did Canada give as a loan and supplies and services to Britain and other Allies?
What were all the countries that were a lower percentage than Britian for US war expenditures?
What country had the largest percentage of US war expenditures: Soviet Union or Britain?
Which country had the least amount of money from US war expenditures?
How many more US war expenditures were given to France than China?
What countries did the three highest amounts of war expenditures go to?
How many more billion dollars in war expenditures went to Britain than to the Soviet Union?
Which country received more in war expenditures, China or France?
Which countries paid out the most in the lend lease policies?
Did Canada send more in loans or supplies to Britain and other Allies?
Which was the first quarter that the Chargers scored any points?
Which team lost this game?
How many first quarter touchdowns did the Steelers score?
Who returned a fumble for a touchdown?
Who caught a 3-yard touchdown reception and a 30-yard touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was Antonio Gates' second touchdown reception over his first?
How many total passing touchdown yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many total passing touchdown yards did Philip Rivers throw?
How many total yards from touchdowns did Heath Miller have?
What player had a receiving and a throwing touchdown?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
What was the second longest touchdown of the second half?
who scored the most at the end?
how many times did the cowboys have shut out games with the redskins in this passage?
How many points did the Redskins score?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many times did the Redskins score in the game?
how many yards did suisham make?
how many yards did romo throw to williams?
how many yards did barber run?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys have in the first half?
How many points did the Redskins have in the game?
Who scored more points, Redskins or Cowboys?
How many years did the rebels hold on to southern Berbice for?
Were there more enslaved people or whites in Berbice?
What happened first, the rebellion of slaves at Plantation Magdalenenberg, or Dutch settlers fleeing north?
How many more whites than Amerindians were there?
How many more Blacks than whites were there?
How many thousand rebels were there?
In 1762, the population of the Dutch colony of Berbice included how many slaves total?
In 1762, the population of the Dutch colony had how many more black slaves compared to white slaves?
Slaves on Plantation Magdalenenberg on the Canje River in Berbice rebelled how many years before the insurgents were eventually defeated?
How many people was the total population of Berbice in 1762?
How many more enslaved blacks were there than whites in 1762 in Berbice?
How many enslaved people, both black and indigenous, made up the population of Berbice in 1762?
How many years after the rebellion in Berbice was it defeated?
How many more enslaved Blacks were there compared to whites in the Dutch colony of Berbice in 1762?
How many total enslaved people were populated in the Dutch colony of Berbice in 1762?
How many more enslaved Blacks were there compared to enslaved Amerindians or indigenous people in the Dutch colony of Berbice in 1762?
How many times did the Chiefs score in the game?
How many passes did Matt Schaub attempt in the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which quarterback threw for a touchdown first?
Which defensive player got a turnover that resulted in a touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals of 25 yards or more did Kris Brown kick?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Which kicker kicked more field goals, Kris Brown or Justin Medlock?
Who kicked the second longest field goal in the game?
How many yards of field goals did Brown kick in total?
How many more yards was Browns longest field goal compared to Medlocks?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total field goal yards were made in the game?
How many total field goal yards did Kris Brown make?
How many more field goal yards did Kris Brown make than Justin Medlock?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Kris Briown's longest field goal than Justin Medlock's longest field goal?
How many years long was the war
How many years between the first and second war
How many years spanned from when the Civil war first started?
How many war spilled over into the Bishopric of Utrecht?
How many years before the Civil war had the Duke of Burgundy been appointed as bishop of Utrecht?
Why did he  take up residence in Wijk bij Duurstede?
How many people did Burgundy have tortured?
How many Civil wars broke out overall?
How many years did the First Utrecht Civil War last?
How many years before the First Utrecht Civil War was it before Davidof Burgundy was appointed as bishop of Utrecht?
How many years after the First Utrecht Civil War was it before the Second Utrecht Civil War broke out?
What family supported Burgundy?
How many years apart was the First Utrecht Civil War and the Second Utrecht Civil War?
What event happened first, the civil war broke out or Duke of Burgundy had been appointed as bishop of Utrecht
How many years were between the end of the first civil war and when the Second Utrecht Civil War broke out?
How many years after David of Burgundy had been appointed as bishop of Utrecht did he imprison Gijsbrecht van Brederode and his brother Reinoud II van Brederode?
Which began first in Egypt, the Bronze Age or the Old Kingdom?
Which happened later, the beginning of the Old Kingdom or the First Intermediate Period of Egypt?
Which happened later, the beginning of the Old Kingdom or the reunification of Egypt under a single ruler?
How many Dynasties from the Protodynastic Period of Egypt to 2686 BC did Egypt have?
Which period was second, Protodynastic period or The Old Kingdom?
How many years did the First Intermediate Period of Egypt last?
Which came first, the Protodynastic period or the Early Dynastic Period?
How many years apart were the Protodynastic period and the Early Dynastic period?
How many Dynasties were in the unification of Lower and Upper Egypt?
How many years passed from the beginning of the Old Kingdom until the Protodynastic Period of Egypt?
Where was the First Dynasty capital located last, Abydos or Memphis?
Which city was smaller, Abydos or Memphis?
Which came first, the First Intermediate Period of Egypt or the Old Kingdom?
How many years did the The First Intermediate Period of Egypt known as the dark period last?
What event happened second, the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt or the unification of Lower and Upper Egypt?
How many years was the Protodynastic Period of Egypt until about 2686 BC last?
How many more yards was the Patriots opening drive compared to the Colts opening drive?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at halftime?
How many field goals were missed during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt of the game?
How many Luck pass attempts were incomplete?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt?
Did the Romanian army cross the Tisza river before or after the Hungarian army retreated towards Budapest?
How many is the differenc between the number of battalions and the number of artillery batteries?
How many is the difference in the number of battalions and the number of guns?
How many is the difference in the number o fbattalions and the number of calvary squadrons?
How many is the difference in the number of guns and the number of calvary squadrons?
How many more Romanian battalions were there than artillery batteries?
How many more guns were there than cavalry squadrons?
Which occurred first, the Romanian army preparing to cross the Tisza River, or the Romanian army repelling the Hungarian attack?
What did the Romanian army have more of, artillery batteries or cavalry squadrons?
Did the Romanian army have more artillery batteries or guns?
How many days in July did the Romanian army carry out small attacks on the Hungarian army?
Over a how many period in July did the Romanian army test the strength of the Hungarian defense with a number of small attacks?
How many days after the Romanian army began testing the strength of the Hungarian defense did they cross the Tisza River?
How many days after the Romanian army crossed the Tisza River did the Hungarian army retreat towards Budapest?
How many more artillery batteries were there than cavalry squadrons?
How many more battalions were there than artillery batteries?
Did the Romanian army have more guns or cavalry squadrons?
Did the Romanian army have more battalions or artillery batteries?
How many days after the Romanian army crossed the Tisza River did the Hungarian army retreat towards Budapest?
How many guns and battalions did the Romanian army have combined?
Who scored the most points during the first half?
How many points did the Cam Newton score in the second half?
How many points did the Panthers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Carolina win by?
How many points were the Panthers losing by at halftime?
After the end of this game, how many more games had Carolina won in the season than they lost?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Dolphins winning by at halftime?
How many points did the Panthers win by?
How many points were the Panthers trailing by at the half?
How many more games had Carolina won than lost this season?
How many total points were scored?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
How many minutes did the US Open game last?
What all major tournaments did Agassi participate in in 2001?
Who all did Agassi defeat in the 2001 Australian Open?
What two players did Agassi lose against at Wimbledon and the US Open?
How many players ranked higher than Agassi in 2001?
How many years younger was Agassi in 2001 than Connors in 1984?
What all players did Agassi defeat at the 2001 Australian Open?
What did the influx of Lebanese-Armeians cause?
How many eras are talked about?
How many centuries span these events?
How many Armenians remain on the island, total?
Which group are there more of on the island, Armenian-Catholics or foreign Armenians?
How many years did Abbot Jean Kouyoumdjian serve at the convent?
Where did the Armenians assimilate to?
In which year were more Armenian Catholics residing in Cyprus, 1931 or 1960?
How many percent are not non-families?
Approximately how many of the households sampled in 2000 had children under 18 living with them?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent did not have individuals under 18?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
How many more percentage points of households were married couples living together than households with no husband present?
How many people bigger was the average family size than the average household size?
How many more percentage points of households had children under 18 living in them than those that had someone living alone 65 and older?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
which household was fourth most common?
How many percent of the households of individuals were not someone 65 and older?
How many percent of households were either a female householder or a non-family?
Which groups in average were under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Which household had the highest percentage, someone living alone 65 years or older or female householders no husband?
How many more percentage had married couples living together than children under the age of 18 living with them than
What was the half time score?
Which Seahawk rushed for 2 touchdowns?
What was the longest play?
How many points did the Titans score in the third quarter?
By how many million did the population of Jakarta grow between 1970 and 2010?
How many million people did the population of Jabodetabek grow between 1970 and 2010?
Did Jakarta have a higher population in 2011 or in 2012?
Were there more males or females in Jakarta in 2014?
Did Jakarta have more residents in 2012 or 2014?
How many more people lived in Jakarta in 2014 than in 2012?
For every 100 females, how many more males were there in 2010?
For every 100 females, how many more males were there in 2014?
As of 2014, how many percent of Indoneesia did not live in Jabodetabek?
By how many people did the population of Jakarta fall between 2011 and 2012?
Between 2012 and 2014, by how many people did the population of Jakarta grow?
By how many million residents did the population of Jabodetabek grow between 1970 and 2010?
By how many millions of people did the population of Jakarta rise between 1970 and 2010?
Which period did the population double of Jakarta double, 1961-1980 or 1980-1990?
Which period does the city's population grow annually by 3.7%, 1980-1990 or 1961-1980?
How many years passed that the Jakarta doubled between 1961-1980?
How many years passed that the cities population grew annually  by 3.7% between 1980-1990?
How many more millions has the population risen in 1970 to double in 2010?
Which year had the highest population of growth, 1970 or 2010?
What quarter had the highest scoring output?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many total yards did Boswell have?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passing yards did Roethlisberger have?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which quarter saw the second longest field goal?
Which quarter had the highest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many field goals shorter than 40 yards were scored?
Which players kicked field goals at most 30 yards long?
Which player kicked most over 30 yard field goals?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed make that were longer than 40 yards?
How many yards did Jeff Reed kick in field goals in all?
How many yards did Matt Bryant kick in field goals in all?
How many field goals were kicked in the game in all that were longer than 35 yards?
Which team scored first in the game?
Which team scored last in the game?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Smith and the yards of the TD run by Richardson?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Smith and the yards of the TD run by Flacco?
How many field goals of over 50 yards were kicked in the game?
Which quarterback ran for a touchdown?
How many points were Ravens ahead at the end of second quarter?
How many points were gained with the quarterback sneak?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were the Browns ahead at halftime?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals of 50 yards or more were kicked?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many more yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make than Justin tucker?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than Justin Tucker's longest field goal?
How many total yards of offensive running touchdowns were made?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Who made 2 consecutive field goals from more than 49 yards?
How many points did the Browns gain after Phil Dawson's 51-yard field goal?
How long were each of Phil Dawson's field goals?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick from 50 yards or further?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson have from over 49 yards?
How many more field goal yards did Dawson have than Tucker?
How many more field goals did Phil Dawson have than Justin Tucker?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Ravens leading by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
What two players had rushing touchdowns?
How many field goals of 50 yards or more did Phil Dawson kick?
What are the two longest field goals made by Phil Dawson?
What player kicked a field goals in the first half?
Which happened first, the Cristero War, or the nationalization of farmland in Mexico?
How many years were there between the Cristero War and the slowing of the land reform policies?
How many years went by from the establishment of a national school system until Calles defeated the church and ended the rebellion?
What ended the war in 1929?
How many years passed between the end of the war and Lázaro Cárdenas taking power?
Who started the rebellion that led to the Cristero War?
When did the Cristero War begin?
How many years did the Cristero War last?
What happened first: the Cristero War or Lázaro Cárdenas took power?
What happened second: the Cristero War or Lázaro Cárdenas took power?
How many years after the war ended did Lazaro Cardenas take power?
What year did the church protest the movement by refusing to give the blessed sacrament to the populace?
How many sections was the force divided into?
What happened first, cutting communications or dividing the force?
How many armies was the force divided into?
Which Corp had 2 divisions?
How many different War Areas that attacked the Japanese 11th Army?
What Army was prevented from helping the Japanese 11th Army?
How many War Areas attacked the Japanese Army?
Which division was trying to help the 11th Army?
How many Corps did the 23rd army organize into columns?
How many divisions total did the 5 corps have?
Where did the conquest of Macedonia move to second, Bregalnica or Zletovska?
Which battle was fought first, around the village of Kalimantsi or along the Bregalnica?
After the fighting begain on June 29-30 1913 approximately how many weeks lapsed before the 4th and 5th armies of Bulgaria fell?
What happened first: the fighting began or Savov assumed control?
What happened second: the fighting began or Savov assumed control?
How many points did the Dolphins beat the Raiders by?
How many points ahead were the Raiders losing by at halftime?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick in the first half?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which team did not score during the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Dophins score during the second quarter?
How many points were the Dophins leading by at the half?
How many yards was Lamar Miller's shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes longer than 15 yards were there?
How many points did the Raiders lose by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many losses did the Raiders have after the game?
Which team scored more points?
Who did Shanahan bench?
What was the final score?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many points total were scored in the game?
Who scored more points, Falcons or Chiefs?
Who was the starting QB for the Redskins?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
Which team lost?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
Which team attempted a 2-point conversion?
What was Savage's Completion percentage?
Who was injured?
How many years did it take after it was released for Flash to become the most installed media format.
What was the focus of Flash 8?
How many years did Macromedia upgrade the Flash system?
What happened later, FutureSplash was acquired by Macromedia or more computers worldwide had Flash Player installed?
After being releases as Macromedia Flash 1.0, how many years did it take for more computers to have Flash than any other media format?
How many main competitors are there in the web media format category?
How many versions of Flash have been released sin 1996?
How many years passed between the first and second version of Actionscript?
Which happened to Flash first, Scripting was added or Actions were added?
In 2005, which of the following players, Windows Media Player, Flash Player, or Java, was installed on more computers?
How many years after Flash 5 was released did Actionscript 2.0 get released?
How many years did Macromedia upgraded the Flash system for?
How many web media formats did Macromedia Flash players beat for market share in 2005?
How many years after it acquired FutureSplash did Macromedia develop Actionscript?
What were the components needed to make Flash work?
How many versions of Flash did Macromedia release before 2003?
How many years was the time period where the GDP was reduced by 90%?
How many percentage points were left in Liberia's economy in 1995?
When did the UN end sanctions on Liberia?
How many years passed between the end of the war and elections?
What happened first: the coup or the civil war?
What happened second: the coup or the civil war?
What happened first, the coup d'état of 1980, or the civil war?
How many percentage points did the GDP lose between 2007 and 2009?
How many years had passed between the coup and the outbreak of civil war?
How many years passed between the coup d'état of 1980 and the outbreak of civil war?
How many years passed between the GDP reaching 9.4% and the GDP slowing to 4.6%?
How many points of percentage did the GDP decrease  between 2003 and 2009?
How many years did it take for the country's external debt to fall to $222.9 million?
How many years was the bilateral, multilateral and commercial debt relief?
Which was the largest growth year in percentage for Liberia?
What was the largest group of people?
What was the smallest group of people?
How many more shogunate soldiers were there than rebels?
How many months passed between the rebel raid that killed 2000 Hizen warriors and the rebels facing the shogunate soldiers?
How many days passed between the rebels mounting an assault against the shogunate soldiers and the rebels being routed?
Which group was larger by April 1638, the rebels or the shogunate soldiers?
In what year was Itakura Shigemasa killed?
Who was Itakura Shigemasa's replacement?
In April 1638, how many more shogunate soldiers were there than rebels?
How many days passed between the rebels mounted an assault against the shogunate soldiers at the Hara Castle and troops under the command of the Kuroda clan of Hizen stormed the fortress and captured the outer defenses?
How many more shogunate soldiers were there than rebels?
How many days passed between the fortress running out of food and gunpowder, and the fortress being stormed and captured?
How many more shogunate soldiers were there than rebels?
How many things did the Yamada Emosaku run out of?
How many more shogunate soldiers were there compared to rebels in April 1638?
How many days after rebels mounted an assault on shogunate soldiers and forced to withdraw did troops under the command of the Kuroda clan of Hizen storm the fortress and capture outer defenses?
How many days after troops under the command of the Kuroda clan of Hizen storm the fortress and capture the outer defenses were the rebels routed?
Which were there more of, shogunate soldiers or rebels?
How many months after a rebel raid killed 2,000 warriors from the Hizen Domain, did the rebels mount an assault against them and were forced to withdraw?
How many days did the Relief of Genoa take?
Did the Franco-Savoyard army have more men or cavalry?
How many days did the Relief of Genoa last?
what is relief of Genoa ?
what type of join Franco Piedmontese army?
For how many days did the Relief of Genoa take place?
How many months did the Relief of Genoa take place in?
How many days did the Relief of Genoa take place?
In what year had the Franco-Savoyan forces overrun the Genoese Republic?
How many days did the Relief of Genoa last?
Did the Franco-Savoyard army have more men or more cavalry?
How many more men than cavalry did the Franco-Savoyard army have?
how many yards did ron dayne get in his touch down run?
how many yards did Justin Fargas get in his touch down run?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns scored?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard lines were touchdowns scored in the third and fourth quarters?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many passes did Bryant catch?
What group of commuters made up the majority of the population?
How did the smallest group of commuters get to work?
How many more Montgomery households were without a car in 2016 than in 2015 in percent?
How many of groups did not drive any type of vehicle or take a taxi to work?
How many more people were without a car in 2016 from 2015, in percentage?
Which average for households without a car was higher, city of Montomery or the national average?
Which household Montgomery average versus national average had a bigger gap, without a car or cars per household?
How many groups of workers did not commute to work via driving alone?
Which transportation methods each made up less than 5% of Montgomery residents?
How many years did it take for an increase of 2.5% of residents to go without a car in Montgomery?
How many different transportation methods were used by the 3.5% of residents in Montgomery who used all other forms on transportation?
How many more Montgomery residents carpooled than used public transportation?
How many more people were commuting by automobile in 2016 than 2015?
How many more people walked than used public transportation?
Who did the Steelers play before the Colts?
Who did the Steelers play after the Seahawks?
Which team has the Lucas Oil Stadium as their home stadium?
Which team doesJamall Anderson play for?
Which team led at halftime?
How many points did Colts score in the first quarter?
How many points did Steelers score in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
Who booted the most field goals?
How many field goals did Shuisham boot?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in touchdowns or field goals in the first half?
How many more yards in field goals did Shaun Suisham have in the first half compared to Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest in the entire game?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns over the entire game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the second shortest?
How many more yards in field goals did Shaun Suisham have compared to Adam Vinatieri over the entire game?
How many more yards was Mike Wallace's touchdown compared to the yards in field goals by Adam Vinatieri?
How many touchdowns were scored between 5 and 20 yards?
How many field goals were between 20 and 40 yards long?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal than the second shortest field goal?
How many more field goals did Shaun Suisham kick than Adam Vinatieri?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Suisham's total yards of field goals than Vinatieri's total yards of field goals?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were scored?
Who kicked at least three field goals?
How many yards longer was Suisham's average yards of field goals than Vinatieri's average yards of field goals?
Excluding the longest field goal, which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were scored?
Who from the Patriots did not take part in the game?
Who goal was settled for to tie the game
When the Falcons moved into Patriots territory?
What team won in the end?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player got the games first TD?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many yards was the Patriots only TD pass?
Who caught Brady's only TD?
In which quarter did Arizona score the fewest points?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
How long was the shortest Touchdown?
How many touchdown passes were there in the game?
Which was longer, the first touchdown scored or the first field goal?
Which was longer, Kurt Warner's first passing touchdown or Clinton Portis's first rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown pass relative to the first touchdown run?
How many yards were gained over the first two scoring touchdowns?
How many yards were averaged across all passing touchdowns?
In which quarters n did only the Redskins score?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many more touchdown passing yards did Warner have compared with Campbell?
How many per 100,000 births was the survival rate for Guinea in 2010?
How many per 100,000 births was the survival rate for Guinea in 2008?
How many per 100,000 was the maternal survival rate in Guinea in 2010?
How many per 100,000 was the maternal survival rate in Guinea in 2008?
How many per 100,000 was the maternal survival rate in Guinea in 1990?
Was the maternal mortality rate higher in 2008 or 1990?
How many, per 100,000 births, had the maternal mortality rate decreased in 2010 from 2008?
How many, per 100,000 births, had the maternal mortality rate decreased in 2008 from 1990?
Is the maternal mortality rate in Guinea higher in 2010 or 2008?
How many points lower is the maternal mortality rate in Guinea in 2010 compared with 1990?
Which is lower the under 5 mortality rate or the neonatal mortality rate?
Which year has a higher maternal mortality rate for Guinea: 2008 or 1990?
Which team did the Bills play the week before?
How many points ahead did the Raiders get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bills trail the Raiders at the half?
How many points did the Bills score in the third quarter?
Which team won this game?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many yards were in Sebastian Janikowski's field goals combined?
How many more field goal yards were there than TD run yards?
How many fewer field goal yards were there than TD pass yards total?
Who scored the majority of the field goal yards, Rian Lindell or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many more TD run yards did Lynch get than Russell?
How many yards is the difference between Rian Lindell's only field goal and Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were kicked in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first 2 quarters compared to the shortest?
How many yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick in the first 2 quarters?
How many yards long were Sebastian Janikowski's first 3 field goals on average?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
Who scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Marshawn Lynch's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal compared to Sebastian Janikowski's longest?
How many field goals were kicked 35 yards or longer?
Which team had the last touchdown?
How many yards more was the 61-yard interception than the shortest field goal?
How many yards were both of Olindo Mare's field goals in the second quarter combined?
How many more yards was the Lions second touchdown pass over the first?
How many more yards was the touchdown pass to Bryant Johnson  over the one to Brandon Pettigrew?
How many yards difference exist between the longest and second longest field goals?
How many yards was the Lion's shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Mare have?
How many yards was the Lions second longest field goal?
How many field goals were there before the end of the first half?
How many successful field goals were there in the second half?
How many field goals in the game were kicked from further than 30 yards out?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the only touchdown of the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Arizona score in the 4th quarter?
Which team scored the least points?
How many points did the Steelers get on the board with?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many interceptions were there?
Which player caught a touchdown that was 40 yards or longer?
Which player caught the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes were shorter than 10 yards in length?
How many yards were scored across all touchdown receptions?
How many yards were scored on special teams touchdowns?
How many yards were scored across all touchdown plays?
Which quarterback had the second longest touchdown?
Which running back had the longer rushing touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Ben Roethlisberger throw to Santonio Holmes?
How long were each of Santonio Holmes's touchdown receptions?
How many yards difference is there between the shortest and longest TD pass?
How many days did Kjartan Sekkingstad's captivity last?
Which happened first, the release of Marites Flor or the release of Kjartan Sekkingstad?
How many months was Ridsdel held captive before his beheading?
How many people were abducted on Samai Island?
How much was the ransom?
What was the final ransom amount?
Who was the kidnapper?
Who met Rodrigo Duterte?
How many dollars was the larger demand?
What happened first, a video of the Risdel execution being released or the release of Kjartan Sekkingstad?
When was the first hostage released?
How many dollars was the first demand?
What happened first, the release of Filipina Marites Flor or the release of Kjartan Sekkingstad?
How many months was Kjartan Sekkingstad captive for?
What nationality was the man that was beheaded?
How many Canadians were abducted near Davao?
How many months after his abduction was Ridsdel killed?
How many days after killing Ridsdel did the captors release a video of the execution?
What were the nationalities of the people who were abducted near Davao?
By how many million dollars did the abductors raise the ransom after they killed Ridsdel?
Which captives were freed?
How many of the captives were killed?
What were the names of the four people who were abducted?
How many dollars was the difference between the highest and lowest ransom?
How many dollars was the total ransom for all the hostages?
Who had two touchdowns of  100 yards or more?
How many combined 2 point conversion attempts where there?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Feely kick?
Who else besides Feely kicked field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who completed the shortest TD pass?
How many TD passes did Sanchez complete?
Which team won the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first field goal?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did the Dolphins score in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Ted Ginn, Jr. have compared to all other touchdowns combined?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many more yards in touchdown passes did Mark Sanchez have compared to Chad Henne?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Ted Ginn, Jr. have compared to the total yards in field goals kicked?
How many touchdowns were under 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 50 yards long?
How many field goals were between 20 and 50 yards long?
What signified peace between Sweden and Denmark?
What event ended Russian galley raids in 1720?
How many years after a Russian squadron landed troops at Gotland did Russia send a large fleet to the Swedish east coast?
What happened first, Russian raids at Öregrund or Russian raids between Gävle and Piteå?
Which side of the war was Britain on?
Which war started first?
How many years passed between the beginning of the War of the Austrian Succession and when Britain became involved in it?
Who were Britain's enemies during the War of the Austrian Succession?
How many years passed between the War of Jenkins' Ear and the War of the Austrian Succession?
What year did Massachusetts declare war?
How many years after open hostilities broke out at Dettingen was war delcared between Britain and France?
How many years passed between the The War of Jenkins' Ear and the formal declaration of war?
Which happened first, the War of Jenkins' Ear or the War of the Austrian Succession?
How many opponents did Spain have in the War of the Austrian Succession?
How many months went by from the time Britain declared war until Massachusetts declared war?
How many countries did the Jenkins' Ear war involve?
What happened first: The War of Jenkins' Ear or War of the Austrian Succession?
What happened second: The War of Jenkins' Ear or War of the Austrian Succession?
how many years are in between the start of the jenkins ear war and war austrian throne?
How many years after the start of The War of the Austrian Succession was war formally declared between Britain and France?
How many years after The War of Jenkins' Ear broke out did The War of the Austrian Succession begin?
In what areas did the War of Jenkin's Ear take place?
How many years after the War of Austrian Succession was Britain drawn into the conflict?
How many years after the War of the Austrian Successsion was it before war was formally declared between Britain and France?
Were there fewer English speakers or Spanish speakers?
How many fewer households were there than housing units?
Were there more Irish or English people in the county?
How many percent more Irish than Italian people are in the county?
Which group had the least number of people, German or United States?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not German people?
How many percent were not English people?
How many percent were not Irish people?
How many percent were not Italian people?
How many percent did not have United States ancestry ?
How many more households were there than families in the census of 2000?
How many more people in number than households?
Which first language did the population speak the most in the county, English or Spanish?
How many more percent spoke English as their first language than Spanish in the county?
Were there more households or families?
Who made up more of the population, German people or English people?
Were there more Irish people, or Italian people?
Did more people speak English or Spanish?
Were more people of United States ancestry, or English?
Which population had the largest population total in the 2000 census, households or families?
How many more households than families?
How many more percentage of English people than Irish?
How many more people were there than households and families combined?
How many more people were there than families and housing units combined?
What ethnic group made up the majority of the population?
What language is not spoken by the majority of the population?
What country were the people from who made up the smallest ethnic group of the population?
How many more German people were there, in percent, than English people?
How many more German people were there, in percent, than Irish people?
How many more German people were there, in percent, than had United States ancestry?
How many more, in percent, spoke English language rather than Spanish language as their first language?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Irish?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Irish?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Were there more households or families?
How many more housing units were there compared to households?
Were there fewer German or English people?
Were there more people of Irish descent or Italian?
Which groups had more than 12% ancestry?
Which groups had less than 10% ancestry?
Did more people speak English or Spanish as their first language?
How many percent of the county do not speak English as their first language?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Irish?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Irish?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
How many months after meeting did Jack and Virginia get married?
What year was Thompson born?
How many years was Jack married before he died?
How many years after Thompson's parents were married did they have Thompson?
How many years after his parents were introduced did they mary?
What year was Thompson born?
How many years after Virginia Ray Davison and Jack Robert Thompson met, did they get married?
How many years after the family settled at 2437 Ransdell Avenue did Jack Robert Thompson die?
How many years Jack's parent were introduced until they were married?
Who was the youngest son, James or Hunter?
How many years older was his father to Thompson?
What year was thompson born?
Who was James Thompson Jr's father?
Who was Hunter Stockton Thompson's mother?
Who was Hunter Stockton Thompson's father?
How many children in all did Jack Robert Thompson have?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the 2nd half?
How many field goals longer than 15 yards did Mason Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many more yards was Mason Crosby's second field goal over his first?
Who caught the longest touchdown?
Who had the shortest touchdown reception of the the first quarter?
How many were stranded in Skagway?
How many round trips did prospectors need for ferrying packages?
How many miles did prospectors take for ferrying packages?
Which distance would be the least miles, 2500 or 1000?
What is another name for White Pass?
What trail was unofficially names Dead Horse Trail?
What was the destination the people stranded in Skagway were trying to reach?
Where did those who landed at Skagway go first, the White Pass or Bennett Lake?
What allowed the White pass to reopen?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's longest field goal over Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
When did the break-up of the Tibetan Empire occur?
How many years was Lobsang Gyatso's mortal passing kept a secret for?
How many centuries did the rule of the competing schools in Tibet last?
How many centuries was Tibet ruled by competing Buddhist schools?
Which happened first, the Gelug order was founded or the institution of the Dalai Lama was established?
How many years after the Gelug order was founded was the institution of the Dalai Lama established?
How many years after Lobsang Gyatso's passing did the establishment of Qing protectorate over Tibet happen?
How many years did it take for the Qing protecorate over Tibet to reach it's peak in response to attacks by Nepal?
How many years after the Gelug order was founded was the institution of the Dalai Lama established?
In what year was it made public that Lobsang Gyatso had died?
How many years after Lobsang Gyatso died was it before the Qing protectorate over Tibet was established?
For how many years was Tibet independent after the demise of the Manchu Quing dynasty?
How many years were there in between the British invasion of Tibet and the demise of the Manchu Qing dynasty?
How many points were the Mavericks trailing in the fourth quarter of game 2 in the 2010-11 NBA playoffs?
How many points did the Mavs lose by in game one against Miami?
How many points in total were scored in game 2?
How many points did Dirk Nowitzki average in the series?
How many points did the Mavericks lose by in game 3?
How many points did the Mavericks lose game 1 of the 2011 NBA Finals by?
How many total points were scored in game 3 of the 2011 NBA Finals?
How many more points did the Mavericks score in Game 5 of the 2011 NBA Finals compared to the Heat?
How many games were played in the 2011 NBA Finals?
How many points did Nowitzki score in the first half of game 6 of the 2011 NBA Finals?
How many combined points did Nowitzki and Terry have combined in Game 6 of the 2011 NBA Finals?
How many more games did the Mavericks win compared to the Heat during the 2011 NBA Finals?
Which team was the "Big Three" part of, Dallas or Miami?
How many points did Miami beat Dallas by in game 1?
Who was winning game 2 after three quarters?
In which city was game 1 and game 2 played?
In which city was game 1 and 2 played in?
How many points were scored in game 3?
How many games did the Mavs score over 100 points in the 2011 NBA Finals?
How many games were played during the  2011 NBA Finals?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of Sanchez's passes were incomplete?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Was the field goal longer in the first half or second half?
How many yards longer was the field goal in the first half compared to the second half?
how many yards did sanchez run?
how many yards did sanchez pass to hartsock?
how many yards did white run?
how many yards did bironas kick?
how many yards did sanchez pass to cotchery?
How many points did the 49ers win by?
Which team was leading at halftime?
Which team scored more field goals?
How many less overall yards did the Chiefs have?
How many times did the Niners go to the red zone and not score a touchdown?
How many minimum South Korean soldiers and civilians were killed by October 1966?
What happened first: staged a retaliatory attack or Bonesteel formed a working group?
What happened second: staged a retaliatory attack or Bonesteel formed a working group?
How many months was it between the Clemenceau negotiations and when the Syrian Congress declared Faisal the king of Syria?
How many months was it between the Clemenceau negotiations and when an independent Arab Kingdom of Syria was proclaimed in Damascus?
How many months was it between the Clemenceau negotiations and when the League of Nations established the mandate of the French over Syria?
How many months was it between the Clemenceau negotiations and when King Faisal surrendered himself?
How many months did the violent attacks agains French forces in Syria occur in 1920?
What happened first, the declaration of Faisal as the king of Syria, or the the declaration of an independent Arab Kingdom of Syria?
What happened first, the San Remo Conference, or the war of Syrian Arab Nationalists with the French?
Which happened first the surrender of King Faisal, or the submission of the Hashemite government to the French?
Which event happened first, violent attacks against the french or King Faisal's surrender?
Which event happened first, Damascus disbanding troops or Yusuf al-'Azma ignoring the king?
How many months after the Clemenceau negotiations did the Syrian Congress declared Faisal the king of Syria?
How many months after Faisal being named king of Syria did the San Remo Conference was called?
How many months after being appointed king of Syria did Faisal surrender?
Did Faisal surrdender before or after the army went to Maysalun to defend the kingdom from French Advance?
How many months were there between the Celemnceau negotiations and the assembly of the Syrian Congress?
For how many months did Faisal rule in Syria?
During which dates did Faisal rule in Syria?
Which event happened first, the proclamation of the independent kingdom of Syria, or the Clemenceau negotiations?
Which age group populated the city the least?
Which was higher, the mean age or the median age?
How many more households were headed by males than by females?
How many more people aged 14 or under were there than those aged 60 or over?
How many more people were aged 14 or under than those aged 60 or over?
How many percent more were aged 14 and over than 60 and over?
How many percent were not age 14 or under?
How many percent were not age 60 or over?
How many less people 14 or under are there than the total working age (15-59)?
How many less people age 60 and over are there than the total number of working age people (15-59)?
How many percent of the population was not dependency age?
How many percent of females were not fertile with live births?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more households in total were there than ones headed by a male?
How many percent of households were not headed by a male?
How many percent of households were not headed by a female?
How many percent more were aged 14 and over than 60 and over?
How many percent were not age 14 or under?
How many more people were aged 14 or under than those aged 60 or over?
How many less people 14 or under are there than the total working age (15-59)?
How many more people were aged 14 or under than those aged 60 or over?
How many percent more were aged 14 and over than 60 and over?
How many percent were not age 14 or under?
How many percent were not age 60 or over?
How many less people 14 or under are there than the total working age (15-59)?
How many less people age 60 and over are there than the total number of working age people (15-59)?
How many percent of the population was not dependency age?
How many percent of females were not fertile with live births?
How many percent of households were not headed by a male?
How many percent of households were not headed by a female?
How many more households in total are there than households headed by males?
How many more households in total are there than households headed by females?
How many total people were there in the population?
How many more people were of working age than not working age?
Who caught the longest TD?
Which team ended the scoring with another 50-yard field goal?
Which team had the longest TD catch of the day?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored in the third quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Giants?
Who had the longest scoring play of the game?
What was the longest touchdown catch of the game?
How many yards did the Lions kick in field goals in the game?
What was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
Which team made the only touchdown catch of the 3rd quarter?
Which player scored first?
How many 50-yard field goals occurred in the game?
How many 50-yard field goals did the Lions score?
How many yards long was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games had the Lions lost in a row?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many field goals did the Lions score in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first quarter?
How many losses did the Lions have after the game?
Which team had more touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was  the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team was leading the game by the fourth quarter?
How many points did Cleveland score in total?
Which team received a penalty in the last quarter?
How many points did Cleveland win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the losing team lose by at the end of the game?
How many total yards did Tampa Bay lose on the fourth quarter offensive pass interference penalty?
How many games would Washington have won total with a win here?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals were in this game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 40 yards?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
Who had marriage restrictions after a treaty was signed in to place?
How many years passed after King Henry was overthrown and before the war took place?
Who was Joanna's assumed father?
How many years after Joanna's birth was she stripped of her title?
What year was Alfonso born?
What year was Isabella born?
How many years old was Joanna when her father stripped her of her title?
How many years after their marriage did Isabella and Ferdinand receive a Papal sanction?
What happened first: overthrew King Henry or Treaty of the Bulls?
What happened second: overthrew King Henry or Treaty of the Bulls?
How many daughters did King Henry IV have?
Where was Joanna la Beltraneja of, Castile, or Asturias?
Who was the mother of Joanna la Beltraneja?
Who was Joanna la Beltraneja's assumed father?
Who was named heir first, Joanna la Beltraneja, or Alfonso?
How many years after Joanna la Beltraneja's birth was Alfonso named heir?
How many years after being named heir did Alfonso replace Henry on the throne?
How many years after taking the throne did Alfonso die?
What happened later the Treaty of the Bulls of Guisando, or the death of Alfonso?
How many years after their marriange did Isabella and Ferdinand obtain a papal bull sanctioning their marriage?
How many years after regaining the throne did Henry IV die?
How many candidates for the throne were proclaimed Queen of Castile?
How many years after King Henry was overthrown and replaced by Alfonso did Alfonso die?
How many years after Isabella married Ferdinand did supporters obtain a papal bull sanctioning their marriage from Pope Sixtus IV?
How many years after Isabella secretly married Ferdinand, ignoring Henry IV's wishes, did Henry IV die?
How many years after Joanna la Beltraneja was born was she stripped of her title and her half brother was named heir to King Henry?
How many years after King Henry was overthrown and replaced by Alfonso did Alfonso die?
What year was Alfonso born?
How many years after Henry IV regained the throne did his half-sister secretly marry Ferdinand?
What year was Henry IV half-sister Isabella born?
How many years after Isabella marry Ferdinand did they obtain a papal bull sanctioning their marriage from Pope Sixtus IV?
How many more marriages were there in Finland in 1950 were there in 1984?
How many more marriages were there in 1950 than there were in 1984?
By how many years did the marriage age for women and men differ in 1982?
Was the marriage rate higher in 1950 or 1984?
How many fewer marriages were there in 1984 compared to 1950?
Was the average age of marriage higher for women or men by 1982?
How many fewer marriages per 1,000 Finns were there in 1984 compared to 1950?
Which year was the marriage rate higher for the Finns, 1984 or 1950?
How many more marriages were registered in 1950 than 1984?
How many years older were men than women when they got married in 1982?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many touchdown were scored during the game?
How many more field goals were there compared to touchdowns?
Who kicked the least field goals?
How many more field goals did Prater kick compared to Sebastian Janikowski?
How many total yards of field goals did Prater kick?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals did  Matt Prater successfully make in the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski successfully make ?
How many 48 yard field goals were made?
How many 48 yard field goals were made?
How many 48 yard field goals were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many yards over 40 did  Prater kick?
How many yards did Janikowski made?
How many yard field goals did Prater have?
How many yards did Moreno get in the third?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 45 yards?
How many more field goals did Matt Prater have than Sebastian Janikowski?
Was the longest touchdown in the first half or second half?
What happened first, Jonas published a German translation or he began preaching crusade?
Who visited Martin Luther when he was dying?
Where was Luther's body taken before he was buried?
Who did the Duke of Saxony banish?
How many years between when Jonas published a German translation of the Apology of the Augsburg Confession and he began a successful preaching crusade in Halle?
What happened later, Jonas preached Luther's funeral sermon or he was banished from the duchy?
What happened first: Jonas published a German translation or becoming superintendent of its churches?
What happened second: Jonas published a German translation or becoming superintendent of its churches?
How many years after Jonas published a German translation of the Apology of the Augsburg Confession did he begin a preaching crusade in Halle?
How many years after publishing  Apology of the Augsburg Confession did Jonas go preach in Halle?
How many jobs did Jonas have with the church?
Who did Martin Luther visit in the Christmas of 1545?
How many years after Jonas published his German translation of the Apology of the Augsburg Confession did he begin preaching in Halle?
How many years did Jonas live?
What town did Jonas live in when he died?
How many more points did the Patriots score than the Jets at the end of the game?
Which team scored more points at the end of the game, Jets or Patriots?
Who scored more points in the first half?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Jets lose by?
How many points did the Jets lose by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many years passed between the last battle in North America and when the peace treaty was signed in Europe?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, a King Geroge's war,  or the Seven Years War?
How many years were between the declaration of war and the signing of the peace treaty?
How many years were between the Battle of Jumonville Glen and the capture of Montreal?
What event happened first, the Battle of Jumonville Glen, or the capture of Montreal?
The Seven Years' War included what?
When was the fighting over with in the United States?
What side were the Indians on?
How many different kings are mentioned?
How many different wars/names of the same war are mentioned?
What were normally named after
How many wars were named after a female monarch?
How many different names does the Seven Years' War have?
Which other different names does the Seven Years' War have?
Why was the Seven Years war named this?
What was the name of the war fought to control Canada?
How many King Georges are mentioned?
King George II ruled during which war?
Which side did the Indians fight?
How many years did this war last?
How many different names did the Seven Years War have?
How many years passed from the declaration of war until the signing of the peace treaty?
What happened first, the Battle of Jumonville Glen or the capture of Montreal?
How many years passed from the Battle of Jumonville Glen until the peace treaty?
How many names are given to the French and Indian war, including the name French and Indian War?
What were the names given to the conflict?
How many different names have been used for the conquest?
How many months did the negotiations between the North and South last in 1919?
How many battalions of the Guangdong Army were there?
Who had thoughts of mutiny at once, hoping to overthrow the Guangxi influence?
Who lost the war, the pro-treaty or anti-treaty side?
Where was the conflict in Ireland still primarily going on?
Who was the anti-treaty side of the Civil War?
Which leader of the new Irish government died first, Griffith or Collins?
Approximately how many years did the war last
Which happened first, Michael Collins attack or the end of the war?
What happened first: repudiated the treaty or Cosgrave became President?
What happened second: repudiated the treaty or Cosgrave became President?
How many months after an executive of IRA officers repudiated the treaty and the authority of the Provisional Government did W. T. Cosgrave become President of the Executive Council?
Who won the Irish Civil war?
How many years did the Irish Civil War last?
Which happened first, Consgrave became President of the Executive Council or the civil war ended?
How many months after Dauphin marched to Reims for his coronation as Charles VII was an attempted French siege of Paris defeated and Charles VII withdrew to the Loire Valley?
How many years after the English laid siege to Orleans did Joan convince Dauphin to send her to the seige?
How many years from the English laid siege to Orleans in 1428 to Charles Vii coronation in 1429?
How many were taken prisoner?
Where was the french spirit revived?
How many months affter Charles VII was coronated did he withdraw from Paris to the Loire Valley?
How many years after the English laid siege to Orleans did they attempt to lay siege to Paris?
What year did the last substantial action of the Danish Mediterranean Squadron happen?
How many parts of the world did the navy focus their resources on?
How many years went by between the bombardment of Algiers and Steen Andersen Bille's action at Tripoli?
Which was a big  deal during the Great Nordic War?
How many countries did the navy focused its resources on?
what had a large navel presence?
How many countries was the naval presence there to protect?
In how many different centuries did the Danish Mediterranean Squadron have numerous minor engagements with The Barbary States?
How many years passed from when they burned 80 Swedish naval cruiser to when  Barbary states' attacks ended?
How many countries are in the pact of neutrality?
Who were the 3 commanders of the substantial actions?
How many years passed between the bombardment of Algiers and the action at Tripoli?
Who provided the naval presence that protected Danish-Norwegian interests in the Mediterranean Sea?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many quarters had a defensive touchdown?
How many points did The Chargers score?
How many points difference was there between the two teams?
Which players missed field goals of over 40 yards?
How many total yards did the Broncos gain on touchdowns?
Which players kicked field goals of between 20 and 50 yards?
Which team had an overtime loss over to the Broncos?
Which team intercepted the ball in the first quarter?
What happened to Lambo's first 48 yard field goal attempt?
Which player caught the second pass for a TD of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals over 45 Yards did Lambo score in the game?
How many field goals were missed during the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Who was leading 13-3 at halftime, Jets or Patriots?
How many wins did the Patriots have after beating the Jets?
How many losing games did the Patriots have after beating the Jets?
What were the weather conditions like for the game?
who scored first in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many years did the Portuguese Restoration War last?
Which was was first, The Thirty Year' War or the Dutch-Portuguese War?
Which was last, the Portuguese revolution or the Franco-Spanish War?
How many years did the Portuguese Restoration War last?
What year did the Iberian Union begin?
Which happened first, the Dutch-Portuguese War or the Thirty Years' War?
What was the name of the Portugese war?
Who named the war?
How many countries were involved in this war?
How many years did the revolution last?
How many wars was Spain in?
Who was involved in the last war mentioned?
Which war was Spains last?
Which war was last to happen, the Portuguese Restoration War or the thirty year war?
How many countries fought in the Portuguese Restoration War?
What happened first: Portuguese revolution or the Treaty of Lisbon?
What happened second: Portuguese revolution or the Treaty of Lisbon?
How many years passed from the start of the Portuguese revolution through the signing of the Treaty of Lisbon?
What war did Spain stop being involved with first: Thirty Years' War or Franco-Spanish War?
What war did Spain stop being involved with second: Thirty Years' War or Franco-Spanish War?
What house was established first as Portugal's ruling dynasty: House of Braganza or House of Habsburg?
How many years did the Portuguese Restoration War last?
What year did the Iberian Union begin?
How many other wars were Spain and Portugal involved in during the time period of the Portugese Restoration War?
Which war occured first, the Franco-Spanish War or the Dutch-Portuguese War?
How many of the 700 British settlers were no longer living in Rhodesia in 1924?
Which racial group had a higher birth rate, white or African?
Which period had the highest white emigrating population, 1955–79 or 1961–65?
How many British settlers who arrived in Rhodesia in 1890 left by 1924?
How many more people per 1,000 was the birth rate for Africans compared to white Rhodesians?
How many more, per 1000,  was the birth rate in Africa than the white population of Rhodesia?
How many more white immigrants immigrated to Rhodesia between 1955–79 than emigrated?
How many games would the Cowboys have won if they won this one?
What team did the Panthers play last week?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Cowboys trail at the half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
How many games did the Cowboys lose in the regular season?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who made the longest touchdown run in the first quarter?
Who scored the only field goal of the second half?
How many more yards was Nick Folk first field goal over his second?
Who scored the most points for the Redskins?
Who caught Manning's longest touchdown pass?
In what quarter did Washington not score a touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Carson Wentz make in the first quarter?
The longest touchdown was how many yards?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
On what down did Wentz find wide receiver?
How many points did the Eagles beat the Cardinals by?
How many touchdown did Wentz throw after the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Wentz throw in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many more touchdowns did Carson Wentz throw in the first quarter relative to the rest of the game?
Which receiver caught the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many more touchdowns did the wide receiver position catch relative to tight end touchdown receptions?
How many total yards were accmulated on touchdowns measuring between 55-yards and 75-yards in length?
How many yards of differential are there between the longest touchdown and the third longest touchdown?
How many yards of differential are there between the longest touchdown reception and the second longest touchdown reception?
How many points of differential were there between the winning and losing team's final score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win the game by?
In which half did Wentz throw more touchdown passes?
Which team tralied by at least 15 points?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown reception of the game?
What was the losing score of the game?
Which team scored first?
How many first half touchdowns were scored?
Which QB threw the longest TD pass of the first half?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many points did Baltimore win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were the Ravens leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points did the Ravens win the game by?
how many yards did new orleans strike first?
how many yards did flacco pass to dickson?
how many points did rice bring the score up too?
how many yards did the saints score to pass to graham?
how many points were the saints ahead at halftime?
how many yards did the saints tie in the fourth with?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Ravens winning by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Ravens win the game by?
How many years after the Nicaean conquest did the Rebellion of Arbanon take place?
How many years did the Rebellion of Arbanon last?
How many years did the Albanian rulers revolt again in Durres?
How many years did The Rebellion of Arbanon last?
How many years after the Nicaean conquest was the start of The Rebellion of Arbanon?
The Nicaean garrisons were annihilated how many years after the Nicaean conquest?
Which event happened first, the Nicaean conquest or the Rebellion of Arbanon?
Akropolites left Thessaloniki and by way of Kastoria entered Kounavia how many years after the Nicaean conquest?
How many years did the rebellion last?
What caused the rebellion to start
How many places were the rebels active?
where did Akropolites go after leaving Thessaloniki?
Where did he travel through to get to  Kounavia?
How many years after the start of the rebellion were the Nicaeans defeated?
Who did Michael II capture Kanina?
How many places did the "set fresh troops" open?
How many years did the Rebellion of Arbanon last?
Who sent four peace missions to Joseon in 1599?
How many years was it between the first release of Joseon prisoners and the complete return of them?
How many years passed between the sending of the four peace missions to Joseon and the obtaining of the the promise of normalizing of relations?
What happened to the first three peace missions sent To Joseon?
How many years did Yoshitoshi help Joseon envoys by organizing negotiations at Koyto with Tokugawa?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov Acting Chairman of the Supreme Soviet Union?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov Acting Chairman of the Supreme Soviet?
For how many years was Erkin Khaliov the Chairman?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov the Acting Chairman of the Supreme Soviet?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov Acting Chairman of the Supreme Soviet?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov Chairman of the unicameral Supreme Assembly of Uzbekistan?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov the Chairman of the unicameral Supreme Assembly of Uzbekistan?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov the Acting Chairman of the Supreme Soviet?
How many years has the Senate and Legislative Chamber had their own presiding officer?
How many years was Erkin Khalilov Chairman of the unicameral Supreme Assembly of Uzbekistan?
How many different chairman jobs did Erkin Khalilov hold in his lifetime?
How many points was Dallas winning by in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Spurs defeat Dallas by?
How many points did the Spurs win by in Game 4?
Which team won Game 5, Spurs or Dallas?
How many points did the Mavs win by in Game 6?
Which team won the game before game 7, Mavs or Spurs?
How many points did the Spurs win by in Game 7?
How many points was Dallas ahead by un the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Spurs win Game 1 if the 2014 NBA Playoffs by?
Who won Game 2 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014?
How many points did Dallas win Game 2 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014 by?
In Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014, which team was ahead with 1.7 seconds left?
Which team won Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014?
How many points did the Spurs lose Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014 by?
Who lost Game 4 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014?
How many points did the Spurs win Game 4 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014 by?
After Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014, which team was ahead in the series?
Which team won Game 5 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014
How many points did Dallas lose Game 5 of the NBA Playoffs in 2014 by?
How many points was Dallas ahead in the fourth quarter of Game 1 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
Which team lost Game 1 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
How many points did Dallas lose Game 1 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs by?
Which team won Game 6 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
Which team won the best of 7 series in the 2014 NBA playoffs, Dallas or San Antonio?
How many games did the Mavs beat the Spurs in the 2013–14 NBA season?
How many points did the Spurs beat the Mavs by in game 1 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
How many total points were scored in game 2 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
How many more games did the Spurs win against the Mavs in the 2014 NBA Playoffs?
Which game of the 2014 NBA Playoffs did the Spurs score more points, game 6 or game 7?
How many times did the Spurs beat the Mavs by more than five points?
How many games did at least one team score over 100 points?
Which teams played in the 2014 NBA playoffs?
Which team was the lower seed between the Mavericks and the Spurs?
Which team scored the least points in total in the first two games of the series?
Which of the five games had the highest number of total points scored?
How many months were there between the March Muslim massacre and the retaliatory slaughter of Armenians?
Where was the Azerbaijan capital initially located?
How many months did it take for Gen. Thomson to implement martial law in Baku after the initial invasion of the city?
How many days after Dunsterville ordered the evacuation of the city did the Ottoman Army of Islam and its Azeri allies enter Baku?
How many months after the massacre of Muslims did the Ottoman Army of Islam and Azeri allies enter Baku and slaughter Armenians in retaliation?
How many days after the Armistice of Mudros between the United Kingdom and the Ottoman Empire did 1000 Commonwealth soldiers arrive in Baku?
Who helped the Ottoman Army of Islam slaughter between 10,000-20,000 Armenians?
What year was the capital of the Azerbaijan moved to Baku?
How many places did the major battles occur in?
How many nations were a part of the Armistice of Mudros?
What happened first, martial law or the Armistice of Mudros?
How many states did Japan allow to be annexed to Thailan in 1943?
How many months did the Thai's occupy the Shan states after being granted them in August of 1943?
How many Shan states were evacuated?
How many years passed between the Imperial Japanese army invading the Federated Shan States and the Thai army evacuating the two Shan states?
Which happened first, the the Imperial Japanese Army invading the Federated Shan States, or the Japanese dislodging the Nationalist Chinese forces?
How many months before the Phibun government fell did the Japanese assign the Karenni states and remaining southern Shan states to their client State of Burma?
Which did the Japanese do first, dislodge the Nationalist Chinese forces or agreed to the Thai annexation of Kengtung and Mongpan state?
How many years after the Phibun government fell did the Thai army evacuated the two Shan states?
How many months after the Phibun government fell did the Thai army evacuate two Shan states?
How many touchdowns did Anquan Boldin score?
How many field goals were kicked in the game by both teams?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Boldin score during the first half?
In which quarter was Boldin's shortest touchdown catch?
Which team kicked the last field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Phil Dawson’s field goal compared to Billy Cundiff’s field goal?
How many yards difference was QB Seneca Wallace’s first touchdown pass compared to QB Joe Flacco’s final touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Anquan Boldin have?
How many yards was Anquan Boldin's longest touchdown catch in the game?
How many yards longer was Billy Cundiff's made field goal compared to Phil Dawson's made field goal?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Who kicked longer field goal, Phil Dawson or Billy Cundiff?
How many yards longer was Billy Cundiff's field goal over Phil Dawson's one?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the shortest TD pass?
How many TD passes longer than 10 yards did Flacco throw?
How many yards longer was Flacco's shortest TD pass over Wallace's TD pass?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Joe Flacco throw in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Joe Flacco or Seneca Wallace?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the 103-yard TD?
How many returns did Talib have?
How many points did the Bronco's defense get from touchdowns?
How many touchdown receptions did C.J. Anderson catch?
What caused the bills to fall behind early?
How many field goals did Carpenter score?
How many field goals were scored in total?
Who threw the touchdown pass?
Which team lost the game?
How many points did the Dolphins get first quarter?
Which team scored the most, Bills or Dolphins?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which player made a field goal of between 35 and 45 yards?
How many yards difference exists between the games longest and shortest field goal? ?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards are the longest and shortest field goal combined?
Which player scored more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Rian Lindell?
How many more field goals did Dan Carpenter make over Rian Lindell?
How many yards longer was Dan Carpenter's second field goal compared to his first?
Which field goals did Dan Carpenter make?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Dan Carpenter make?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest field goals?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many years was Starhemberg the commander-in-chief of the imperial army in Hungary?
Which happened first, the victory at Madrid or Almenar?
Who did Guido follow into battle?
How many countries did Starhemberg fight in from 1706-1708?
Who helped James Stanhope to conquer Madrid
How many years passed from the Turkish siege of 1683 to when he died?
How many years was Starhemberg the commander-in-chief of the imperial army in Hungary?
How many years after being appointed Supreme Commander of the Austrians in Spain did he succeed in conquering Madrid?
Who was Ernst Rüdiger's cousin?
What was the count of Starhemberg in the military?
What was Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg in the military?
Which war was  Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg famous for?
How many countries did Starhemberg fight in?
How many years was Guido Wald Rüdiger the commander-in-chief of the imperial army in Hungary?
Who was Madrid conquered by?
Where did Guido Wald Rüdiger go first, Rákóczi or Madrid?
Where did Guido Wald Rüdiger travel to first, Catalonia or Madrid?
How many countries did Starhemberg fight in during the War of the Spanish Succession?
How many years was Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg commander-in-chief of the army in Hungary?
How many years after being made commander-in-chief of the Hungarian imperial army was he made Supreme Commander of the Austrians in Spain?
How many years was Guido the commander-in-chief of the imperial army in Hungary?
Who was Governor of Slavonia in 1742?
What title did archduke Charles hold when he ordered Guido Wald Rüdiger to leave Catalonia?
How many more yards was Gostkowski first field goal over his second?
Which yard line did both teams score from?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gano kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second half?
How many days passed between the bombs being dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Which city was bombed last, Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
Which device killed more people, "Little Boy" or "Fat Man"?
Which device was detonated later, "Fat Man" or "Little Boy"?
Which did "Little Boy" have more impact upon, people or buildings?
Which device was detonated later, Little Boy or Fat Man?
Which device was detonated over Hiroshima, "Little Boy" device or "Fat Man" device?
Which device caused more deaths, the Little Boy device or the Fat Man device?
How many months did it take for the lawsuit against Ant & Dec to be dismissed?
Which event happened first, Ant & Dec were being sued or Ant & Dec had a UK registered trademark for 'Ant & Dec'?
How many days passed since the Ant & Dec announced the fraud and the sue?
How many months did the demand last?
How many years passed between Ant & Dec were registed as a trademark and the alleged fraud?
How many years passed between the filing of the lawsuit against Ant & Dec and its dismissal?
How many years prior to the dismissal of the lawsuit had Ant & Dec had a UK registered trademark for 'Ant & Dec'?
How many years after the comedians and actor Ant sued Ant & Dec in the United States was the lawsuit dismissed?
How many days after Ant & Dec announced that the frauds will never happen again was it reported that they were being sued for $US30million by Greek American stand-up comedian and actor ANT?
How many years after it was reported that Ant & Dec were being sued was the suit dismissed?
Which team did the Bears lose to in week 9?
How many points put the Seahawks on the board?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Cardinals have at the half?
Which team lost this game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown in the first half?
How many touchdowns longer than 25 yards were scored in the first half?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 25 yards in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the third and fourth quarters?
How many yards longer was Chris "Beanie" Wells' longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards long on average were Olindo Mare's field goals?
How many yards long on average were Kurt Warner's touchdown passes?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass from Kurt Warner?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the 3rd and 4th quarters?
Which players scored touchdowns in the 3rd and 4th quarters?
Who did the Cardinals beat prior to this matchup with the Seahawks?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the first quarter?
Which player caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game for the Cardinals?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which players scored field goals in the second quarter?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
To which country did Hewitt lose to, China or Germany?
How many points was Poland beat by?
Which player was not successful in either singles and doubles, Tsonga or Hewitt?
Which country beat Poland 4-1?
What country does Hewitt play for?
What sport does Hewitt play?
In 2012 which teams did Australia play?
In 2013, which countries did Australia beat?
What years did Australia beat Uzekistan?
Which players played for Australia in 2014?
Which team did the Redskins lose to prior to this game?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals were made with a distance between 20 and 25 yards?
how many yards did Collins complete?
how many yards did Gould make for his field goal?
How many yards did Gould kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Todd Collins throw in the second quarter?
What happend first: Lyndon Johnson becoming the Democratic Presidential nominee or Alton B. Parker's landslide loss?
How many years did Montrose County tend to vote Democrat?
How many years did Montrose County lean Democratic?
How many years since Montrose County started leaning Republican did it vote for Lyndon Johnson?
How many years did Montrose tend to vote Republican except for 1904?
How many field goals were successfully converted?
How many field goals from a distance of over 40 yards were made?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams combined?
Who booted the most field goals?
How many yards was Succop's longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards more was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many points did Chiefs score in the second quarter?
Which team scored more points in the second half, Chiefs or Browns?
In which quarter did Chiefs score their most points?
How many yards longer was Cundiff's longest field goal over Succop's one?
Which two players both threw two TD passes?
How many yards more was Campbell's first pass over his second one?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many yards more was Campbell's longest pass over Smith's longest one?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Kansas City lead by at halftime?
How many 40+ yard field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
Which player kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How long were the Castros in Mexico?
How did Benitez and others flee Cuba?
For how many weeks were the first true Cuban rafters adrift at sea?
What happened first: rescued by a fishing boat or resigning his governmental position?
How many days after the five first Cuban rafters left Cuba were they rescued by a fishing boat names the KAL?
How many years after Huber Matos resigned from his governmental position did the first true Cuban rafters flee from the communist country?
Which prominent exiled figure relocated to Miami, Carlos Franqui or Huber Matos?
What ship brought the first five rafters to Florida?
Where were the first five rafters trying to reach?
What is the first date?
what is the second date?
what is the third date?
How many months did Švitrigaila and his Livonian allies raid for?
How many total men were present in the final battle?
What happened first: the coup or the Treaty of Melno?
What happened second: the coup or the Treaty of Melno?
How many months passed from the time Jogaila died until the final battle, at Pabaiskas, was fought?
Which occurrred first, the Teutonic Knights signed a peace treaty or Gerasim was burned at the stake?
The great defeats of the Livonian Order and the Teutonic Knights have been compared, which happened first?
Approximately how many troops took part in the final battle, at Pabaiskas?
Which happened first, the peace treaty at Brześć Kujawski or the Treaty of Melno?
How many cities were raided in 1433?
How many months did the devastation upon the suburbs take place?
How many places total did Švitrigaila and his Livonian allies ravage in July and August 1433?
How many TD passes did Peyton throw in the third quarter?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
Who scored more field goals, the Texans or the Colts?
How many games in a row did Houston lose to the Colts?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns did Daniels score?
Which team had more touchdowns in the first quarter?
Which player caught a longer touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Which players had scoring plays of 43 yards?
How many more field goals were there compared to touchdowns in the first half?
How many total yards did Vinatieri have?
Which players scored on touchdown runs of less than 5 yards?
Which players scored on touchdown catches of 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were there between 10 and 20 yards?
How many passing touchdown yards did Manning have?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Which team had at least two touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Manning have in the first quarter?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who was Durrani fighting?
Who ousted Timur Shah?
Which date occurred first? The death of Aurangzeb or the Third battle of Panipat?
How many years after the death of Aurangzeb was the Ahamdiya treaty signed between the Marathas and Mughals?
How many years after Durrani returned to Kandahar did he set out on a campaign to win back lost territories?
How many years after Durrani's return to Kandahar did the Third battle of Panipat was fought between Durrani's Afghan forces and the Maratha forces?
In what year did the Maratha Empire recapture its' lost lands?
How many years after the Ahamdiya treaty was finished being signed between the Marathas and Mughals did the Third battle of Panipat occur between Afghan forces and the Maratha forces?
Who scored the game winning touchdown?
Which team won the game?
What was the game tied at going into overtime?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass in overtime?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass in overtime?
Who caught the game winning touchdown pass?
By how many points were the 49ers trailing with less than a minute to go?
What score won the game?
What score did both teams have when they tied?
How many points were scored by the end of regulation?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the most in the second quarter?
Who kicked a 39-yard field goal?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Cundiff and the yards in the first field goal made by Akers?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the third field goal made by Cundiff?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the second field goal made by Akers?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the TD pass caught by Pitta?
How many is the difference in the yards of the second field goal made by Cundiff and the yards of the first field goal made by Akers?
Who won something
Who was ahead 2nd quarter?
Who scored first?
Whose first field goal was longer, Cundiff's or Akers'?
How many more field goals did Cundiff kick than Akers?
Which team beat the Bengals in week 11?
Which team won the game?
Who booted highest total yards of field goals?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Which players' second field goal is longer than their first one?
Which players' third field goal is the same length as their first one?
Who kicked both the shortest and the second shortest field goals?
Which player's shortest field goal was longer than other players' longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Aker's second longest field goal over Cundiff's second longest one?
Which player kicked the two longest field goals?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Billy Cundiff kick?
Which field goals did Billy Cundiff make?
Which player scored more field goals, Billy Cundiff or David Akers?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many more field goals did Billy Cundiff make compared to David Akers?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards shorter was Billy Cundiff's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals between 25 and 50 yards were made?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many yards were gained on the first field goal by each kicker?
How many yards of differential was there between each kicker's first field goal?
How many field goals measured less than 30-yards in length?
How many field goals measured between 20-yards and 40-yards in length?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring longer than 40-yards in length?
How many yards did the shortest field goal and the longest field goal combine for?
How many yards did the shortest touchdown and the shortest field goal combine for?
How many total yards were gained on all field goals when their distances are combined?
How many turnovers did the Ravens defense cause?
Which team scored first?
How many yards longer was Stover's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
How many incomplete passes did McNair have?
Who had fewer yards, Mason or Lewis?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Cleveland score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's second field goal compared to his first?
How long was Flynn's touchdown pass?
Which team kicked a field goal?
How many points was Washington ahead by at the end of the game?
Who returned an interception 45 yards for a touchdown?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Washington win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who had a 31-yard touchdown reception?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than Shaun Suisham's longest?
How many total yards of field goals did Rian Lindell make?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more total field goal yards did Rian Lindell kick than Shaun Suisham?
How many more field goals did Rian Lindell kick than Shaun Suisham?
Who kicked the most number of field goals?
How many players kicked more than three field goals?
How many more field goals did Lindell kick than Suisham?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
Which player had the highest average length of field goals?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Suisham kick?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards did Lindell kick?
How many field goals between 25 and 35 yards were scored in the game?
Which players' had above 30 yards average length of field goals?
How many more total field goal yards did Lindell get than Suisham?
How many of Suisham's field goals were scored during the first half?
How many of Lindell's field goals were over 35 yards?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal?
How many times did Lindell attempt the final field goal?
How many yards were each of Suisham's field goals?
Which player was responsible for a safety?
Who is the Steelers Tight End?
How many yards did the Steelers tie the game with a field goal?
How many times did Brad Smith take to score a touchdown?
How many yards did Nick Folk kick the football for a field goal?
How many yards id Mark Sanchez run for the touchdown?
Who won the game between the Steelers and the Bengals?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
Who caught the first touchdown pass for the Steelers?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did the Jets score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Jets score in the second quarter?
How many field goals did the Steelers score in the second quarter?
Which team had the lead coming out of halftime?
How many field goals did  the Jets score in the fourth quarter?
Which player received the 9-yard touchdown pass?
Who scored more field goals, Nick Folk or Shaun Suisham?
Which team played the Bengals in week 14?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player caught the Steelers first TD reception?
Who is the quarterback for the Jets this game?
Which team had allowed the most points at the end of the third quarter?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many is the difference in the  yards of the pass to Crayton and the yards of the TD run by Choice?
How many is the difference in the yards of the pass to Crayton and the yards of the TD pass caught by Anderson?
How many is the difference in the yards of the pass to Crayton and the number of yards of the second field goal by Carney?
Which team did not score a touchdown?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Manning or Romo?
How many more sub-prefectures was Jiaozhi divided into than prefectures?
How many months passed between the conquering of Jiaozhi province and the charging of the  prisoners?
How many months after the prisoners were charged did Tran Ngỗi revolt?
How many months after Tran Ngỗi revolted was he captured?
How many years did the rebellion continue after the capture of Tran Ngỗi?
How many years after the rebellion ended was the Ming army evicted from Vietnam?
What event happened first Tran Ngoi revolted or he was captured by Zhang Fu?
What did Jiaozhi become the most divided in, prefectures, sub-prefectures or counties?
Which happened first, the MediaWest convention, or the concept of a furry?
Which happened first, anime and manga fandom or furry fandom?
Which came last: furry fandom or anime?
Which came first, furry fandom or Star Trek?
How many years did the first naval war between the Genoese and the Venetians last?
How many Italian trading towns set up commercial networks and built navies to protect them?
How many countries were involved in the Battle of Dover?
How many years in all did the Genoese and Venetians fight against each other in 4naval wars?
During the Battle of Dover, how many more French ships were there than English ships?
Who won the battle of Arnemuiden?
What event happened first, the Battle of Dover, or the first naval war between the Genoese and Venetians?
How many years were between the start of the first naval war, and end of last naval war?
How many years did the first naval war last for?
How many years did the second naval war last for?
How many years did the third naval war last for?
How many years did the last naval war last for?
What event happened first, The Battle of Dover, or the second naval war?
What even happened first, The Battle of Dover, or the third naval war?
What was the year of the first naval war between the Genoese and Venetians?
What was the last year of the last naval war between the Genoese and Venetians?
How many Italian towns banded together to set up their own navy?
What year did the first Genoese and Venetian war end?
How many years was the longest of the four Genoese and Venetian wars?
How many days after the Yan forces engaged with the government forces in a decisive battle did the Yan forces capture Dezhou?
How many days after the Yan forces engaged with government forces in a decisive battle did the Yan forces begin marching toward Dezhou to siege the city?
How many days after the Yan forces begin marching towards Denzhou did they capture Dezhou?
How many days after Yan forces captured Dezhou did they encircle the city of Jinan?
How many more men were the 600,000 men compared to the 100,000 government troops?
How many less 100,000 government troops were there compared to the 600,000 men?
What was the date in which a new battle ensued and the government forces were successful in attacking the rear of the Yan forces?
How many days after the Yan forces engaged with the government forces in a decisive battle did they begin marching toward Dezhou to siege the city?
How many days after the Yan forces began marching toward Dezhou did they capture did the city?
How many days after Yan forces engaged with government forces in a decisive battle did Yan forces begin marching toward the Dezhou to siege the city?
How many days was it between the Yan forces first engaging the government forces in battle and when the Yan forces began marching towards Dezhou to siege the city?
What date did a new battle ensue where government forces were successful in attacking the rear of the Yan forces?
How many days after a new battle ensued and the government forces were successful in attacking the rear of the Yan forces did the Yan forces begin marching toward Dezhou to siege the city?
Which did Yan forces do first, capture Dezhou or encircled the city of Jinan?
How many days after Yan forces captured Dezhou did they encircle the city of Jinan?
Who led the government forces?
Which leader won the April 25th battle?
How many days after Zhu Di's victory did he begin marching to Dezhou?
What cities did Li Jinglong flee to?
How many days after marching toward Dezhou did the Yan forces finally capture Dezhou?
Which did Yan forces arrive to later, Dezhou or Jinan?
How many more men Li Jinglong advance northwards than government troops surrendered to Yan forces?
How many passes did roddy white receive?
How many touchdowns did Asiata score?
Who scored the first receiving touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Blair Walsh kick?
Who had the most touchdowns in the game?
Who scored touchdowns for the Falcons in the third quarter?
Which quarterback had a rushing touchdown?
Who had more yards, Eli Manning or Drew Brees?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points was New Orleans leading by at halftime?
How many months did the Carolina Maneuvers last in 1941?
How many months did it take the regiment to travel from San Francisco to the New Hebrides Islands?
How many months did the 24th Infantry participate in the Carolina Maneuvers?
What happened first: moved to Guadalcanal or arrived on the Kerama Islands?
What happened second: moved to Guadalcanal or arrived on the Kerama Islands?
How many months did the Carolina Manuevers last during 1941?
What commands were the regiment assigned to in 1945?
How many days did it take for the regiment to get from Saipan and Tinian to the Kerama Islands?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
Which team scored more field goals in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams combined in the second quarter?
How many total touchdown passes did Kyle Orton throw?
Which player threw the most touchdown passes?
How many total touchdown passes did Matt Cassel throw?
How many touchdowns did Brandon Lloyd have?
How many total touchdowns did Tim Tebow have?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score in the first half?
How many total yards is the sum of all Orton's first quarter touchdown passes?
How many more touchdowns did Cassel throw than Orton in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the second-longest touchdown play?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20 yards were scored?
Which players caught fourth quarter touchdown passes from Cassel?
Who scored on the longest touchdown play?
Who caught the second longest first quarter touchdown pass from Kyle Orton?
Who caught two touchdown passes from Kyle Orton?
Which players caught two touchdown passes?
How long were each of Kyle Orton's touchdown passes?
Which players scored the second and third touchdowns of the game?
How many yards in length did the second and third touchdowns combine for?
Which players scored the two shortest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards did the two longest touchdowns combine for?
How many passing touchdowns equaled less than 10-yards in length?
How many passing touchdowns measured between 10-yards and 20-yards in length?
How many yards were gained in total on field goals?
How many yards did the two shortest touchdowns combine for?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player scored the shortest rushing touchdown of the game?
who lead early in the game?
who was the jets Quarterback?
What was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Geno Smith throw?
Who had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many passes did Geno Smith throw?
How many passes did Geno Smith complete?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many incomplete passes did Geno Smith throw?
How many of Thomas Jones' yards came on plays other than his touchdown run?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did The Jets lead by at halftime?
How many incomplete passes did SMith have?
Who were the last two Jets player's to run 71 yards for a touchdown?
In which century did armies use telephones and wireless communication?
How many men smaller were the new squads compared to old infantry formations?
Which was larger, the old infantry formations or the new squads commanded by a junior NCO?
Which tactic was used earlier, cannon fire or indirect fire with guns?
How many fewer men made up the squads than had made up the companies?
How many different things were major armies now using?
What centuries clashed and during WWI
Which things from these centuries clashed?
How many things did the army modernize?
How many types of vehicles were modernized by the army?
How many communication devices/tactics were modernized by the army?
How many people were in a squad
How many people were in command of an individual squad?
what were cannons made to fire at?
What weapon was now on the front line?
How many years passed from the revolution in 1914 to when indirect fire with guns became commonplace?
How did sound help them?
Who scored first in the game?
Did the chiefs have any recent wins over the broncos?
Who did manning throw to with the most success?
Whose pass did Mike Adams deflect?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points?
How many games have the Broncos lost to the Chiefs this season?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
How many TD catches did Eric Decker have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Denver win by?
How many interceptions were thrown in this game?
How many defensive touchdowns did Broncos player Von Miller Score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored from field goals?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked by Connor Barth?
How many yards was Barth's shortest field goal?
How many yards was Connor Barth's second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Connor Barth's longest field goal over his shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What player made the longest field goal of the game?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Mendenhall and the yards of the TD pass to Jackson?
How many yards difference exists between Shaun Suisham longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards difference exists between Rian Lindell's longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in OT?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in total?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
What all field goals did Rian Lindell make?
How many total yards did X kick for field goals?
What all field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many total yards did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals?
How many total yards more did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals than Rian Lindell?
How many yards difference was Ryan Fitzpatrick's touchdown pass to Fred Jackson compared to Rashard Mendenhall's touchdown run?
How many yards difference was between Shaun Suisham's first field goal and  Rian Lindell's first field goal?
How many yards difference was between Shaun Suisham's second field goal and  Rian Lindell's second field goal?
How many yards difference was between Shaun Suisham's third field goal and  Rian Lindell's third field goal?
Which players scored field goals of over 40 yards?
How many total combined yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total combined  yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many total combined yards of field goals did Rian Lindell make?
How many more total combined field goal yards did Shaun Suisham make than Rian Lindell?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than Shaun Suisham's longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who had the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham score in the first quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Shaun Suisham or Rian Lindell?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Suisham make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How had the longer field goal, Suisham or Lindell?
How many more infantrymen were there than cavalry from Sweden?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the Pechenga Monastery being raided, or Russia's new attack?
What event happened first, the Pachenga Monastery being raided by the Swedes, or the siege of Oreshek?
What event happened later, the Pechenga Monastery being raided, or Russia making a new attack?
What event happened later, the Pechanga Monastery being raided or The siege of Oreshek?
Which happened first the Pechenga Monastery was raided or Russia mounted an organized attack?
How many reinforcements did Sweden send to Finland?
How many more soldiers did Russia have than Finland?
How many men came from Sweden to help Finland?
How many countries did Sweden and Finland plan to conquer?
Which unit was there more of, households or families?
How many more people were there than households?
Which racial group made up the least of the population?
Which two racial groups made up the same amount of the population?
Which ancestry group made up more of the population, Irish or English people?
How many less Hispanic people were there than white people, in percentage?
How many more Americans were there than English people, in percentage?
How many people, households, and families resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many people and families resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many people and households resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many families and households resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many more people than households resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many more people than families resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many more households than families resided in the 2010 United States Census?
How many in percent weren't white in the county for the 2010 United States Census?
How many in percent weren't black in the county for the 2010 United States Census?
How many in percent weren't Asian in the county for the 2010 United States Census?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percents of the counties racial makeup was not white?
How many percents of the counties racial makeup was either African American or Asian?
How many more percents of the counties ancestry were Germans compared to Irish people?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and Asian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and American Indian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and people from two or more races combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and people from "other races" combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to American Indian and Asian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to people from "other races" and Asian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to people from two or more races and Asian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, had German ancestry compared to those with American and English ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, had either German, Irish, or American ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, had either German, Irish, or English ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either white, African American, or American Indian?
Which were there more of, people with a German ancestry or Irish ancestry living in the United States as of the 2010 Census  ?
How many more people, by percent, living in the United States as of 2010 were Asian compared to American Indian?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not black?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were not from other races?
How many percent of people were not from two or more races?
How many percent of people were not Latino?
How many percent of people were not Germans?
How many percent of people were not Irish?
How many percent of people were not Americans?
How many percent of people were not English?
How many more people of German descent than of Irish descent were there?
Which were there more of living in the county, those who were white or African Americans?
How many more Asians lived in the county compared to American Indian, by percent?
Which ancestry did more people living in the county come from, Irish people or English people?
How many more Irish people lived in the county compared to Americans?
How many more Americans lived in the county compared to English people?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent were not english?
How many more people are there than households?
Which team did the Panthers lose to the previous week?
Who kicked at least one field goal in the second half?
Who kicked a field goal of at least 40 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
From what distances were multiple field goals made?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored field goals by halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Jason Elam or John Kasay?
How many yards shorter was Jake Delhomme's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which field goals did Jason Elam make?
Who scored more points, the Bills or the Panthers?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many field goals were in the first half?
How many field goals were in the game total?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Seattle score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
how many yards did brown get?
how many yards did hasselbeck complete?
how many yards did brown kick at the half?
how many yards did hasselbeck complete in the third?
how many yards did nedney get?
how many yards did brown nail in the fourth?
Which age group contained the largest chunk of the counties population?
How many years is the age span for the group with the smallest percentage of the counties population?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
which age group has a higher percentage, 45 to 64 or 18 to 24?
How many more females than males age 18 and over?
Which groups in percent are larger than 18%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many percent of the population was over the age of 18?
Was more of the population under the age of 18 or between 18 to 24?
Was less of the population between the ages of 18 to 24 or between 25 to 44?
How many more percent were between 45 to 64 than between 25 to 44?
Which age groups had more than 25% of the population?
Were there more males or females?
How many percent of the population was under 65?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
How many more females per 100 than males with median age of 40 years old in the country?
How many more females per 100 than males that are 18 and over in the country?
Which age population has the highest percentage in the country, 45 to 64 or 25 to 44?
How many field goals did Bironas have?
How many touchdowns did Hines ward have?
How many touchdowns did David Johnson have?
How many field goals did Suisham have?
How many touchdowns did Damian Williams score?
How many touchdowns did Mike Wallace have?
How many points did the Steeles score in the first half?
How many points did the Titans score in the second half?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
In which quarter was the first touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in the first half?
How many 1-yard touchdowns were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many total yards were scored on all passing touchdowns?
Which player had the only rushing touchdown?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdowns?
Who had an 8 yard touchdown reception?
Who had the longest touchdown reception?
From what distance did both teams have a touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who made the second longest touchdown pass?
Who made the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Who made the longest touchdown pass?
Who made the fifth longest touchdown pass?
how many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger complete?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Hines Ward make?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
How many touchdowns between 6 and 20 were scored?
Who threw the second most touchdowns?
How many more yards was Rob Bironas field goal over Shaun Suisham?
How many field goals did Gostkowski make?
How much of France's population was lost in a single year before 1700?
How many millions of people did the population of France grow by between 1400 and 1789?
What did France lose proportionally less of its population to, the black death or both World Wars?
How many major French cities are there besides Paris?
How many people did France gain from 1400 to the 17th century?
How many countries had more people than France in 1795?
Did France lose more of its population in 1693 and 1694 or the winter of 1709?
What two countries had the biggest population until 1795?
When did France lose the second most of its population?
How many centuries did it take for the population to recover to mid-14th century levels?
When did France have its smallest population?
How many millions more people lived in France in 1789 than lived there in 1400?
What were the two most populous countries in the world in 1794?
About how many people in percent did the black death kill in 1349?
Compared to the year 1400, how many more people in millions lived in France in the 17th century?
Compared to the 17th century, how many more people in millions lived in France in 1789?
How many people did the population increase by from 1400 to 1789?
Which year was the population higher in France, 1400 or 1789?
How many more millions of people lived in France in the 17th century compared to 1400?
Which three countries had the highest population in the world in 1795?
Which two countries had a larger population than France in 1795?
Which was France, a rural country or urban?
How many more percent of the population was lost in France between 1693 and 1694 compared to the winter of 1709?
How many years did it take for Russia to join Poland, the Venetian Republic, and the Holy Roman Empire in the Holy League?
How many years passed between the Battle of the Mohács and the Battle of Zenta?
How many years passed between the battles of 1683 and Sobieski taking another expedition to Moldovia?
How many years did id take from the time Russia joined the Holy League to the League's winning the war?
What happened first: second Battle of Mohács or the League won the war?
What happened second: second Battle of Mohács or the League won the war?
What countries were part of the new Holy League?
How many years after the battles of 1683 did Sobieski undertake another expedition to Moldovia?
How many years after the establishment of the new Holy League did the League win the war?
What year was Sobieski's first expedition to Moldovia?
Who was the last addition to the new Holy League?
What year was the last addition to the Holy League added?
How many years passed between the Holy Roman Empire, the Venetian Republic, and Poland joining the Holy League and Tsarist Russia joining?
Which happened first, the battle of Zenta or the battle of Podhajce?
How many expeditions to Moldovia did Sobieski undertake?
Who won the Battle of Vienna?
What comprised the new Holy League?
What two defeats did the Ottomons suffer from 1687 to 1700?
Which sauce is the least spicy?
Which is hotter, red variety of Tabasco pepper or habanero sauce?
Which sauce is the second to least mildest sauce?
Which is hotter, chipotle sauce or garlic variety?
Which sauces rate over 2500 Scoville units?
Which sauces are ranked maximum 1200 Scoville units?
How many Tabasco sauces exist that can reach up to 2,000,000 scoville units?
Which is hotter, the flagship red variety of Tabasco pepper sauce or habanero sauce?
Which sauce is hotter, the habanero sauce or the chipotle sauce?
Which sauce is milder, Scovilles or the Sweet and Spicy sauce?
Which sauce reaches a higher scoville unit, the habanero sauce or the limited edition sauce made the the Trinidad Moruga Scorpion pepper?
Which sauce is less hot, chipotle or habanero?
Which sauces measure 1200 or less on the Scoville scale?
Which sauce measured hotter than the habanero sauce?
How many years did it take for the percentage of Armenia's work force categorised as industrial workers to grow from 13% to 31%?
How many percentage points did the Armenian work force categorized as industrial workers grow from 1929 to 1939?
How many percent of the Armenian NMP was not delivered to other republics?
How many days passed between the occupation of Lhasa and the deposing of the 13th Dalai Lama?
Which happened first, the British expedition to Tibet or the Sino-British treaty?
Which happened later, Chinese invasion of tibet or the outbreak of the Xinhai Revolution?
How many years was the Xinhai Revolution and Xinhai Lhasa turmoil?
Who started the invasion of China?
What happened first, China invaded Tibet or the 13 th Dali Lama fled to India?
When did the Qing dynasty get control over Tibet?
How many years did Qing forces control Tibet?
How many names does the Chinese expedition to Tibet have?
How many years did the Xinhai Revolution and the Xinhai Lhasa turmoil last?
How many years were the Qing forces present in Tibet before leaving?
How many days did it take for the Chinese to depose the 13th Dalai Lama after occupying Lhasa?
How many years after invading Tibet did the Chinese leave it?
How many years did the Xinahai Revolution and Xinhai Lhasa last?
How many days passed when the Lhasa was occupied to the 13th Dalai Lama was deposed?
Which team achieved victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 2?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski have in the opening quarter?
How many yards was the longes touchdown scoring play of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yards was Sebastian Janikowski's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked in the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many more TD passing yards did Russell have than Edwards?
How many of the 3 TD runs were in the first half?
How many more TD runs did Lynch get than Russell?
How many more field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski have than Rian Lindell in the first half?
Who threw for an interception as time expired?
How many yards was the flea flicker play?
What method did each team use to score during the first quarter?
How many yards did both teams drive in the first quarter?
During which quarter did the game tie?
How many points did both teams have when they tied?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Steelers winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored by Halftime?
How many wins did the Bengals have coming into this game?
How many td plays were converted from less than 5 yards out?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many losses did Cincinnati  have after losing to the Steelers?
How many of the touchdowns were running touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
how many points did cincinnati drop?
how many yards did Roethlisberger complete?
how many yards did reed get?
how many yards did rayner nail?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete to pass to Washington?
how many yards did moore get?
how many yards did leftwich pass to ward?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which squadron was activated first?
How many years after the Tength Regiment was reactivated was it assigned to Fort Lewis, Washington?
How many years after the 2nd Squadron, 10th Cavalry was activated was it transferred with the 7th Division to Fort Ord, California?
Which unit was deactivated first, the 7th Division or the 2nd Squadron, 10th Cavalary?
After the 10th Cavalary was activated and consolidated with the 7th Recon Company, where was it trasnferred to?
How many years after the 2nd Squadron, 10th Cavalary was activated did it get transffered to Ford Ord, California?
Which Squadron of the Calvary was assigned first, Ist or 2nd?
What assignment was the 1st Squadron, 10 Calvary given at Fort Lewis?
What assignment was the 2nd Squadron, 10th Calvary given to transfer to Korea?
How many marathons between 1933 and 1936 did Sohn place outside of the top 3?
Which happened later, Suh Yun-Bok winning the 1947 Boston Marathon or Sohn setting a world record marathon time?
Who broke Sohn's marathon world record?
How many years did it take him to run 12 marathons?
How many maratons did he finish in the top three?
How many years did he run marathons before he set the world record?
How many years did his record remain unbroken for?
How many miles did he run when he won in October 1933?
How many years spanned from when he ran a total of 12 marathons?
How many of the 12 marathons did Sohn win?
How many years did it take Sohn to finish 12 marathons?
How many years did Sohn's world record stand?
How many points did Raiders score after the half time?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many TD passes did Carr throw?
How many yards was Carr's longest pass?
How many field goals did Boswell kick?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored in the first half?
Did both teams in total score fewer points in the first quarter or the 2nd quarter?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
Which players scored multiple touchdowns?
How many yards long were Chris Boswell's field goals on average?
Were more points scored by both teams in total in the first half or the second half?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
Who caught the second Texans touchdown?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Kris Brown score in the fourth quarter?
Who scored more field goals, Kris Brown or Olindo Mare?
How many total field goal yards did Kris Brown kick?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
Which players kicked field goals over 50 yards?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal of the game?
How long were each of Kris Brown's field goals in the fourth quarter?
Which player threw a TD pass over 70 yards in the first half?
Which players caught TD passes under 20 yards in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Brown's first field goal kick of the fourth quarter than his second?
Which occurred first, the founding of the Society of United Irishmen, or the war with France?
Which happened first, the execution of Louis XVI, or the French entering war with Ireland?
How many years after raiding houses did the Defenders link up with the United Irishmen?
Which even happened first, the outbreak of war in France, or the execution of LouisXVI?
How many years did it take for The Society of United Irishmen to reach 200,000 members?
How many years passed between the founding of the Society of United Irishman and Louis XVI's death?
Which happened first, the growth of the Sociey of United Irishman's membership or raiding by the Defenders?
How many religious divide did the organisation cross?
How many years after the founding of the Society of United Irishmen did the society have to go underground due to war and the execution of Louis XVI?
How many years after the founding of the Society of United Irishmen did the society have to go underground?
How many years after its founding did it take the Society of United Irishmen to reach 200,000 members?
Where did the Defenders get their weapons?
Who did the United Irishmen receive assistance from?
How far ahead were the Cowboys in the first quarter?
What score tied the game?
What was the smallest field goal?
How many games have the Cowboys lost this season?
How many yards combined did Jon Kitna have in touchdown passes?
How many yards did Buehler have between all of his field goals?
How many points behind were the Redskins after Buehler's first 20-yard field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in total?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in the second half?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Who threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was David Buehler's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Rex Grossman or Jon Kitna?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did David Buehler kick?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
Which touchdown passes did Jon Kitna make?
How many points did the winning team win by?
Which team does Corey Webster play for?
Darrell Jackson plays on which team?
How many total points were scored?
How many touchdowns did Hasselbeck throw?
How many interceptions did Manning throw?
How many yards did Hamlin drive?
How many yards did Feely drive?
How many yards was Toomers td strike?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which players did Hasselbeck throw passes to?
How many more passes did Hasselbeck make than Manning?
How many yards is the sum of the first touchdown and the last touchdown in the game?
Which players scored first quarter touchdowns?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Seahwaks win by?
Who was the predecessor of Madriz?
How many days were there between Zelaya's resignation and Madriz's election?
How many days was it between Zelaya's resignation and Madriz was elected by unanimous vote?
How many days after Madriz was elected did Zelaya depart forSalina Cruz, Mexico for asylum?
How many months after Madriz was elected was the insurgency led by Estrada and Chamorro collapsed?
How many months after the election of Madriz did the US Marines arrive to provide security in the Bluefields?
How many months after Madriz was elected president did Juan Estrada become president of Nicaragua?
How many days before the election of Jose Madriz did Zelaya resign?
How many months after the resignation of Zelaya did Estrada become president?
How many days after Zelaya resigned was his successor, Jose Madriz, elected by unanimous vote?
How many months after Jose Madriz was elected did he resign and Juan Estrada became president of Nicaragua?
How many month before Juan Estrada became president of Nicaragua did the U.S. Marine Corps Major Smedley Butler arrive on the coast of Nicaragua with 250 Marines to provide security in Bluefields?
How many days after Zelaya resigned was Madriz elected?
How many days after Zelaya resigned was he taken to Salina Cruz, Mexico?
What three people were president of Nicaragua from December 1909 to August 1910?
What was the game-winning distance of the field goal after the penalty was assessed?
How many two point versions were successful in this game?
Who had the most points at the end of the first quarter?
What was score at the end of the third quarter?
How many yards was the Browns penalized for CB Tramon Williams being offsides?
During which quarter did both teams score a field goal?
How many yards was the missed field goal?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points got the Chargers on the board?
Which penalty led to the Chargers second FG attempt?
A field goal from an unknown distance was made by who?
In which quarters did each team score field goals?
How many times did Marshawn Lynch run the ball?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many passes did Losman complete?
How many touchdowns did Losman throw?
How many interceptions did Losman throw?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
Who kicked more field goals in the first half?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players had touchdowns from 8 yards?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
How many passes did J. P. Losman throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals under 25 yards were there?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many yards was Rian Lindell's longest field goal?
How many yards was Rian Lindell's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Rian Lindell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest passing touchdown than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many 8-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many 21-yard field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
Which QB did not start for the Bears?
how many points did the bears score?
How many points did the Bears win the game against the Rams by?
How many total points were scored between both teams?
How many more points did the winning team score when compared to the losing team?
How many percentage points higher was poverty in 2015 vs 2011?
Across how many years did Greeks become 40% poorer?
How many years have the Greeks become 40% poorer on average?
How many more percentage did poverty rise from 2009 to 2015?
How many more percentage of risk of poverty among young people 18-29  than among children 0-17?
Which has the highest risk of poverty in Greece, children 0-17 or young people?
How many more percentage has poverty risen from 2009 to 2011?
How many percentage points did those living in extreme poverty increase from 2011 to 2015?
How many percentage points did those living in extreme poverty increase from 2009  to 2015?
How many percentage points higher are those living in extreme poverty for young people 18-29 than among children 0-17?
How many 100 plus yard touchdowns were there in the game?
Which team did not score in the second half?
How many field goals longer than 40-yards were kicked in the game?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards were scored on touchdowns that were not offensively scored?
How many touchdowns shorter than 5-yards were scored?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Joe Flacco throw for in the game?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns of at least 100 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns did Baltimore score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Stover make?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown's were there in the game?
Which team had the most points at halftime?
How many yards did Novak score?
How many total scoring drives were there?
How many yards difference exists between Nick Novak's longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Novak's kick in the first half than his kick int he second half?
How many scoring drives were there in the first half?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who caught a 49 yard touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the second longest?
How many yards was the longest made field goal?
How many more field goals did Stover make than Nedney?
Which player had the last touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How short was the shortest field goal for the Broncos?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which team had the longest play of the game?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick during the game?
How many kicks were returned for touchdowns?
How many points did the Broncos score on their first drive?
How many passes did Maynard catch in the 1968 AFL Championship Game, not counting touchdowns?
Was the U.S. public debt higher in 1980 or 1990?
How many more billion does the White House estimate that the governments tab for servicing the debt in 2019 compared to 2009?
How many percentage points higher was the GDP in 1990 compared to 1980?
Was the US public debt greater in 1980 or 1990?
How many more dollars was the debt in 2010 than it was in 2001?
How many percent increase will the debt grow as a percentage of GDP between 2009 and 2010?
How many years did it take to triple the US public debt from 1980?
How many years did it take for the national debt to increase from $909 billion in 1980 to $5.7 trillion?
How many more billions of dollars is the bill for servicing the debt in 2019 than it was in 2009?
Which year saw a higher debt for the US, 1980 or 1990?
Which year saw a higher debt for the US, 1990 or 2001?
How many years did it take for US debt to more than triple after the year 1980?
How many more billions of dollars with debt servicing cost in 2019 over 2009?
How many percent more of GDP will the national debt grow in 2010 than 2009?
How many trillions of dollars did the U.S. public debt increase from 1990 to 2001?
How many more billions of dollars did the White House estimate the governments tab for servicing the debt would increase from 2009?
How many billion dollars was America's GDP in 1980?
How many trillion dollars was America's GDP in 1990?
How many trillion dollars higher was the US GDP in 1990 than the National Debt in 2001?
How many trillion dollars was the GDP in 2001?
How many trillion dollars higher was the debt ceiling raised to in 2010 than the national debt was in 2001?
How many trillion dollars higher was the debt ceiling raised in 2010 than the national debt was in 1990?
How many percent higher is the national debt expected to rise based on the 2010 federal budget over the level in 2009?
How many more billion dollars will the cost of servicing the national debt be in 2019 over 2009?
How many billion dollars higher was the national debt in 1980 than the cost to service the debt in 2019 and 2009 combined?
How many billion dollars higher was the national debt in 1980 than it will cost to service the debt in 2019?
How many years could the national debt be at 1990 levels before exceeding the debt ceiling in 2010?
Who had two rushing touchdowns?
In which quarter did both teams kick a field goal?
Who scored first
What was the shortest TD pass
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass completed by McNabb?
How many yards was the shortest TD pass Manning completed?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked fewer field goals in the first half?
Who threw the most touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
Who scored first, DeSean Jackson or Plaxico Burress?
How many yards longer was DeSean Jackson's touchdown compared to Kevin Boss' touchdown?
Who kicked more field goals over the entire game, John Carney or David Akers?
Who threw the most touchdown passes over the entire game?
Who scored the most touchdown runs?
How many yards longer was Jason Avant's touchdown compared to Hank Baskett's touchdown?
Which kicker had the longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many different people did Donovan McNabb throw a touchdown to?
How many touchdowns did Brandon jacobs have?
Which player caught a touchdown for the most yards in the first quarter?
The first United States occupation of the Dominican Republic lasted how many years?
How many insurgents were found dead in their trenches?
How many years did the first U.S. occupation of the Dominican Republic last?
Where was the engagement in which the Marines had one soldier die and four wounded?
How many years did the first US occupation of the Dominican Republic last?
What happened last, Desiderio Arias leaving Santo Domingo or the engagement at Las Trencheras?
How many years did the US occupy the Dominican Republic?
How many Marines were killed and wounded total on June 27?
How many years did the first United States occupation of the Dominican Republic last?
How many years did the first US occupation of the Dominican Republic last?
How many Marines died at Las Trencheras?
How many years did the United States occupation of the Dominion Republic last?
What was the final score?
How many touchdowns did Kizer throw?
Which team was using their backup quarterback?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which team does Hundley play for?
Which team allowed the most points in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored by the Browns in the third quarter?
Which team lost the coin toss for overtime possession?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the winning touchdown?
Who scored the final touchdown?
Who scored on the first touchdown pass?
Why did Dallas trail early in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game.
How many field goals were kicked?
How many more touchdowns were there compared to field goals?
Who kicked the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did Tynes score from field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which quarters did a RB score a touchdown?
How many different WR's had more than one TD?
How many TD's did Tony Romo score after the second quarter?
How many TD's did Tony Romo have that was for longer than 20 yards?
Which QB had the most TD's before halftime?
Which QB threw the longest TD in the second quarter?
Which quarters did Lawrence Tynes kick a field goal for longer than 40 yards?
How many more yards was Plaxico Burress's longest catch compared to his shortest?
Which QB threw the most TD's for 40 yards or more?
How many different WR's had a TD for longer than 30 yards?
Which Cowboy team members kicked field goals?
In which quarter did the longest field goal kick of the game occur?
Which player kicked multiple field goals?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the first and last touchdowns passes to Burress?
How many yards were each of Burress' touchdown catches?
How many yards were the two longest touchdowns?
From what yardline did both teams score a touchdown?
From which yard line did the Cowboys score two touchdowns?
From what distance were Terrell Owens second half touchdowns?
How many years after the founding of the Ava Kingdom did Ava conquer the Mohnyin?
How many years did Theinni raid the Avan territor?
Which happened last, Mogaung began a series of sustained assaults or Ava conquered Mohnyin?
Who stayed first, the Burmans or the Shan?
How many years after the split of Myinsaing did Mogaung begin a series of assaults on central Burma?
How many years after the assaults on Burma began did the sacking of Sagaing occur?
Who began the raids first, Mogaung or Mohnyin?
How many years did Thenni raid Avan territory?
How many years after the Mogaung beginning assaults on central Burma did it sack Sagaing and Pinya?
Which happened first, the sack of Saigang or Pinya?
How many years did Theinni raid Avan?
How many years after Ava conquering Mohnyin did Theinni begin raiding Avan territory?
How many years were the Ming Chinese in Yunnan?
Which group did not leave, Mongols or the Shan?
On which day of the week did QB Mitchell Trubisky make his NFL debut?
Who scored first
Who made the winning play
How many games did the Bears lose this season?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who had the lead going into the second half?
Who scored first?
Who had seven wins
Who scored more points, the Vikings or the Packers?
How many points did the first team score?
Who made the first field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns did Favre have?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How long were the two shortest field goals?
How long were the two shortest touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Brett Favre or Aaron Rodgers?
How many more wins than losses did the Vikings have after this game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did DeAngelo Williams have in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the second quarter?
Which team had a fumble recovery for a TD?
How many 50+ yard touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals did Carney make?
Which player fumbled the ball?
How many field goals did John Carney make?
How many touchdowns did Williams score in the first quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the shortest touchdown run?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Deangelo Williams score in the first quarter?
How many scoring plays were there in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How many touchdowns did DeAngelo Williams score in the first quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 50 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards were Deangelo Williams' touchdown runs combined?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Carney kick than Kasey?
How long were each of Kasay's field goals?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns in the game?
How many more touchdown runs were there than touchdown passes?
What was the length of the longest touchdown pass thrown?
How many receiving touchdowns did Ernest Wilford have?
How many touchdown passes did David Garrard have?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee make?
How many points did the Jacksonville Jaguars score?
How many touchdown passes did Garrard have in the first quarter?
How many times did Jacksonville score in the first half?
Who scored the Titans only TD?
Who caught the shorter touchdown pass in the first quarter, Wrightster or Wilford?
How many total yards were Scobee's field goals in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 30 yards were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards longer was Scobees longest field goal of the second quarter compared to his shortest of the second quarter?
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the game's first touchdown pass?
How many yards was the game's shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the game's shortest touchdown pass?
Who caught the game's shortest touchdown pass?
How many 31-yard field goals were in the game?
Which team kicked the game winning field goal?
From what distance did both teams make a field goal?
From what distance did both teams make a field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
Which player scored first for the Browns?
Which player scored in overtime?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 10-yards were completed?
How many more yards were scored on touchdown passes compared to touchdown runs?
How many sacks did the Jets defense have?
How many times was Andrew Luck intercepted?
Which team rushed for over 200 yards?
Who was the Jets QB?
Which team lost?
How many games had the Jets won coming into this game?
How many interceptions did Luck have?
How many losses did the Jets start this game with?
Which quarterback had at least two touchdown passes?
How many points did San Diego win by over Oakland?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many passes did Rivers complete?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did San Diego win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
Which quarterback threw a touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards did Donald Brown get in his first run?
How many yards did Hasselbeck get in his touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did the Colts score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Adam Vinatieri kick?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more field goal yards did Adam Vinatieri have than Olindo Mare?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Peyton Manning have?
How many total running touchdown yards were in the game?
How many more touchdown passing yards did Peyton Manning have than Matt Hasselbeck?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Vinatieri make?
How many total TD pass yards did Manning complete?
What was the Seahawks first score of the game?
Which touchdowns did Peyton Manning make?
What was the last score of the game?
How many years passed between Ricafort's attacks?
How many present-day towns are found where survivors were allowed to live?
Which happened first the Dagohoy Revolt or the Tamblot Uprising?
What did Dagohoy's brother do that was considered a sin?
The Boholano villages became how many present day towns?
Who died first, Dagohoy or his brother?
In what year did Dagohoy die?
How many attacks did Ricafort start to stop the revolt?
How many cities were 19,000 survivors were granted pardon and allowed to live?
How many hours did the battle last?
How many hours did it take from the time the Russian and Austrian artillery opened fire on the Turkish lines until the victory was complete?
Who had more casualties, the Turks or the allies?
Who attacked the Turkish?
How many hours did the attack on Turkey last?
How many hours did it take for the Russians and Austrians to gain victory over the Ottomans?
How many total casualties, both dead and wounded, did the Turks have?
How many total casualties, both dead and wounded, did both sides suffer?
How many Turkish casualties were there all together, including dead and wounded?
How many hours after the Russian and Austrian artillery opened fires on the Turkish lines was victory claimed over the Otttomans?
How had more casualties, the Turks or the Allies?
How many more Turkish casualties were there compared to Allied casualties?
How many hours after the battle began was the victory complete?
Who had more casualties, the allies or the Turks?
How many more Turkish casualties were there compared to allied casualties?
How many total dead and wounded did the Turkish have?
Who caught the only touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Joseph Fauria have?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yards was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal?
How many yards was Sebastian Janikowski's shortest field goal?
How many yard longer was the longest field goal than the shortest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made
Which kicker had more field goals?
How many field goals longer than 29 yards were kicked during the first half?
How many touchdown runs of less than 10 yards were there?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player kicked more than one field goal?
Which players kicked field goals of at least 30 yards?
Which players scored 5 yard touchdown runs?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half of the game?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half of the game than were kicked in the second half?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Janikowski make than Rayner?
Which players had exactly 5-yard TD runs?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half than in the first?
How many years did it take for Italian military forces to regain all territory north of the Ghadames-Mizda-Beni Ulid region?
Idris the position of Emir of Tripolitania how many years after the Italo-Turkish War?
Treaty of Acroma was signed how many years after the Italo-Turkish War?
Sayid Idris was granted autonomy as Emir of Cyrenaica how many years before the Italian forces regained all the territory north of the Ghadames-Mizda-Beni Ulid region?
How many years did Italy fight to keep control of Libya before signing the Treaty of Acroma?
How many years did it take for Italian military forces to regain all territory north of the Ghadames-Mizda-Beni Ulid region?
What happened first: the Treaty of Acroma or Idris was offerede Emir of Tripolitania position?
What happened second: the Treaty of Acroma or Idris was offerede Emir of Tripolitania position?
How many years passed since the signing of the Treaty of Acroma and Tripolitanian leaders were offered Idris the position of Emir of Tripolitania?
How many years did it take for Italian military forces to regain all territory north of the Ghadames-Mizda-Beni Ulid region?
How many years did it take for Libya to obtain independence from Italy?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Acroma or the creation of the Tripolitanian Republic?
How many years did Mussolini's campaign of reconquest last?
How many years after Italy seized military control over Libya from the Ottoman Empire did Italy sign the Treaty of Acroma?
How many years after the Treaty of Acroma was signed did Tripolitanian rebels found the Tripolitanian Republic?
How many years after Italy signed the Treaty of Acroma was Italian government was forced to recognize Senussi leader Sayid Idris as Emir of Cyrenaica and grant him autonomy?
How many years after Italy took control over Libya did Libya gain its independence under the Treaty of Acroma?
How many years after giving Libya its independence did Mussolini regain the territory north of the Ghadames-Mizda-Beni Ulid region?
Which happened first, Italy giving Libya its independence or foundation of the Tripolitanian Republic?
Which nations did the Libyan Senussis attack during World War I?
How many years did Italy have control over Libya before the Treaty of Acroma?
What happened on the last play of the game?
How did the Redskins get the ball back in overtime?
Which team lost to the LIons coming into the game?
What was the outcome of this game?
How many touchdowns did Randy Moss have?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots have in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw for in the game?
how many yards did brady complete?
how many yards did moss pass?
how many yards did lemon pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first half?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which receiver had more touchdown receptions, Randy Moss or Jabar Gaffney?
How many yards longer was Jabar Gaffney's longest TD reception than Randy Moss's?
How many more touchdown passes did the Patriots complete than the Dolphins?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Tom Brady's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first quarter?
Who had the longest touchdown run, Laurence Maroney or Tom Brady?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
Which player caught the most TD passes?
How many total receiving yards did Moss have on his two touchdown catches?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest passing TD?
Who did the Dolphins beat in their previous game?
How many games had the New England patriots lost coming into the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many more turnovers did Tampa Bay get than Chicago?
How many points did Chicago lead by to win?
How many more interceptions than touchdowns did Josh Freeman throw?
How many quarters did Graham play in?
Which player replaced Graham?
Which team allowed the most points in the first three quarter?
How many field goals did Josh Lambo get?
How many total yards did Lambo have between his 3 field goals?
How much time was left on the clock when the Broncos were behind 8 points in the 4th quarter?
How many wins did the Broncos have until they lost this game?
Where did the Chargers away move from?
Which team scored a safety?
How many field goals did Josh Lambo kick?
Who had record losses?
Who made the first score
Who caught the first TD pass?
How many points did San Diego win by?
Which kicker had three field goals in one quarter?
How many times did The Chargers fumble the ball?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Broncos lose by?
How many field goals of 30 yards or longer did Lambo make in the third quarter?
How many days passed during the rebellion?
How many civilians were killed in total by the Serbian Army?
How many civilians were killed in Negotino?
How many civilians were killed in Vatasha?
What happened last, Serbian army in Negotino was attacked or terrorized the Bulgarian population?
What happened first: rebellion started prematurely or terrorized the Bulgarian population?
What happened second: rebellion started prematurely or terrorized the Bulgarian population?
How many more Negotino than Vatasha were killed in Kavadarci?
How many civilians were killed during the Tikvesh uprising?
How many more civilians were killed in Kavadarci than in Negotino?
How many more civilians were killed in Negotino than in Vatasha?
How many more civilians were killed in Kavadarci than in Vatasha?
What were the 3 villages that people were killed in?
Who killed the civilians in Kavadarci, Negotino, and Vatasha?
How many points was the former after the three yard touchdown pass?
How many points was the latter after the three yard touchdown pass?
How many points was the former after the four yard touchdown run?
How many points was the latter after the four yard touchdown run?
How many points was the winning score?
How many points was the losing score?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score in the first half?
Which team allowed 406 yards?
Which player missed a PAT?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many Chiefs had rushing touchdowns?
Who had rushing touchdowns for the Chiefs?
How many more yards was Jamaal Charles touchdown over Spencer Ware?
How many points were the Chiefs leading by at halftime?
How long was the field goal at the end of the first half?
Who is the Raider quarterback?
Which team took the early lead?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which team allowed the least points at the half?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
how many yards did brady pass to cooks?
how many seconds did the patriots have left in the second?
how many yards did the raiders drive new england?
How many field goals did Gostkowski score in the second half?
How many points lead did the Patriots end the game with?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Raiders trailing by at halftime?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
What year was U.S. domestic marble production highest?
What year was marble valued higher when averaged by the ton?
What year was U.S. domestic marble production lower, 2005 or 2006?
How many more dollars was the value of the marble production in 2005 than the value from 2006?
Which year had more than 6 million tons of finely ground calcium carbonate?
How many years did it take for a growth of over 11% annually in marble demand to occur?
What year was U.S domestic marble production most valued, 2006 or 2005?
How many more tons of U.S domestic marble valued in 2005 than 2006?
How many years passed for the Marble index to show a 12% growth for DSAN World Demand?
How many more percentage of growth for DSAN World in 2000-2006 than for finished Marble than 2000-2005?
How many more tons of U.S. domestic marble was produced in 2005 compared to 2006?
How many more tons of U.S. domestic marble was produced in 2005 compared to 2006?
Which year produced more crushed marble, 2005 or 2006?
How many years was the time span where the  DSAN World Demand for (finished) Marble Index had shown a growth of 12% annually
Which period showed a higher growth annually of the DSAN World Demand for (finished) Marble Index, 2000-2006 or 2000-2005?
How many percentage points higher was the DSAN World Demand for (finished) Marble Index growth in the period of 2000-2006 compared to 2000-2005?
Was US domestic marble production higher in 2006 or in 2005?
How many tons did US domestic marble production drop from 2005 to 2006?
In 2006 how many tons (in millions) of crushed marble production was used for construction aggregate?
How many more millions of dollars was the 2006 crushed marble production compared to 2005?
Did marble production increase or decrease from 2006 to 2006?
Did the value of the marble produced increase or decrease from 2005 to 2006 per ton?
Did the crushed marble production increase or decrease from 2005 to 2006?
How many percent did the DSAN World Demand for (finished) Marble Index show growth from 2000-2006 in total?
Which team scored the first points?
Which team did the Bears beat earlier?
How many field goals did the Eagles get?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
who lead the game in the beginnig?
who was the bears kicker?
How many TD passes did Cutler throw?
Which QB had more TD passes?
How many field goals did Akers make?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who made more field goals, Robbie Gould or David Akers?
Who offered more in exchange for their votes, Maximilian or Francis?
Did the electors vote for Charles or Francis?
What happened first, the death of Maximilian, or the crowning of Charles as Holy Roman Emperor?
Who mediated between Francis and Charles?
Which occurred first, the meeting at the Field of the Cloth of Gold, or Wosey meeting with Charles in Calais?
How many years was it between when Maximilian died and when an arbitration conference lasted until?
Who died the earliest
How much was paid to the electors
How many more florins did Francis offer to the Electors than Maximilian?
Which happened first, the crowning of the Holy Roman Emperor or the arbitration conference at Calais?
How many touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers throw?
What player caught a 2-point conversion pass?
How many yards was the first touchdown of the game.
Which team won the game?
Which team scored first in the game?
Which team scored the final points of the game?
How many different Packers caught touchdown passes?
Which team got a touchdown first the Panther or the Packers?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's longest field goal?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were 1-yard touchdown runs?
How many touchdown passes did Aaron Rodgers throw?
How many yards was Aaron Rodgers longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Aaron Rodgers shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Aaron Rodgers longest touchdown pass than this shortest?
How many touchdowns measured exactly 1 yard in length?
Which player gained more yards on their total touchdowns, Aaron Rodgers or DeAngelo Williams?
How many total yards did DeAngelo Williams gain when all of his touchdown yardage is combined?
How many yards longer did the longest touchdown measure compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns measured 5 yards or less in distance?
How many total yards were gained on touchdowns measuring 5 yards or longer?
How many touchdowns were scored from 1 yard out?
Which players scored on 1-yard touchdown runs?
How many total yards did DeAngelo WIlliams have on touchdown runs?
Which players had receiving touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How long were each of the touchdown passes thrown by Aaron Rodgers?
What quarter did Williams get his second TD run in?
How many total yards of TD runs did Williams get in the first half?
All four of Williams' TD runs were from what yard line?
How many more yards of field goals did Crosby score in the second half than the first half?
How many different players did Rodgers complete a TD pass to?
What 3 players did Rodgers complete a TD pass to?
As of the 2000 census, how many more percent of people claimed English ancestry than German ancestry?
As of the 2000 census, how many more percent of people claimed Irish ancestry than Italian ancestry?
As of the 2000 census, how many more percent of people claimed English Ancestry than Italian ancestry?
How many percent of people as of the 2000 census did not speak English as their first language?
How many in percent in the county from the census of 2000 weren't English?
How many in percent in the county from the census of 2000 weren't Irish?
How many in percent in the county from the census of 2000 weren't German?
How many in percent in the county from the census of 2000 weren't Italian?
How many in percent in the county from the census of 2000 weren't American ancestry?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is larger: English or Irish?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is smaller: English or Irish?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is larger: German or Italian?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is smaller: German or Italian?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is larger: American ancestry or English?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is smaller: American ancestry or English?
What group in percent in the county from the census of 2000 is larger: American ancestry or Irish?
How many more people were there than households?
How many more households were there than families?
How many more housing units were there than households?
How many more people spoke English as their first language than Spanish?
How many more were of English ancestry than Italian?
How many more were German ancestry than American?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American ancestry?
How many households and families are in the county according to the census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 15%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which groups were between 13 and 15% in terms of ancestry?
How many percent were either English, Irish or German?
How many more percent were in the largest group compared to the smallest ancestry group?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 14%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent were not American?
How many percent did not speak English
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 14%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: English or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: English or German?
Which group from the census is smaller: English or German?
How many in percent were English and German?
How many in percent were English and Irish?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 14%?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Who was the keeper of the fortress prior to Sir John Stewart of Traquair?
Which happened later, the the Committee of Estates approving the recruitment of thirty extra soldiers or Oliver Cromwell's death?
How many times was work recorded as being done on the building?
What happened later, the work on the upper storey, or the recruitment of thirty extra soldiers?
How many years after the appointment of John Stewart of Traquair as keeper did the Scottish Parliament judge the castle as likely to be more hurtful than useful to the country?
How many years after the recruitment of 30 extra soldiers by John Semple did Oliver Cromwell die?
How many periods of works are in the records for the medieval building?
How many years after the Scottish Parliament judged that the castle was likely to be more hurtful than useful to the country, did Oliver Cromwell die?
How many years are there records of works in?
How many years after the masons working on the upper storey was it discovered that the keeper had neglected the fortress?
Who was the second keeper?
Where were the two Sir John Stewarts from?
What play caught the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns did Calvin Johnson get?
How many more passing touchdowns were there compared to running?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards of touchdown passes were thrown?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many field goals did Crosby kick?
What player kicked the longest field goal?
How many TD passes did Rodgers throw?
Who was the sole scorer for Lions at halftime?
How long was Hanson's longest field goal?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who had the longest interception?
Which players did Rodgers throw TD pass to?
Which player threw more TD passes, Rodgers or Kitna?
How many TD passes did Kitna throw?
How many yards were accumulated across the first three scoring plays?
How many yards were averaged on the first three scoring plays?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest touchdown?
How many yards were accumulated on the longest three passing touchdowns?
How many passing touchdowns were between 20-yards and 50-yards in length?
How many defensive touchdowns were longer than 40-yards in length?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown receptions?
How many yards long was the mean field goal length?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest field goals?
Which player had the longer defensive touchdown?
Which team lost to the Falcons in week 1?
How many TD's were scored in the first quarter?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
How many field goals over 49 yards did Jason Hanson score?
Which team gave away a safety in the fourth quarter?
Which team allowed the most all game points?
How many percentage  declared their first language to be Russian in the 2014 census?
How many inhabitants of Moldova (proper) do not have Moldovan/Romanian as first language?
How many percent of inhabitants of Moldova (proper) do not have Moldovan/Romanian as first language?
How many people do not declared it Romanian?
How many percent did not declared it Moldovan?
How many percent do not declared it Romanian?
How many people do not have Russian as language of daily use?
How many percent do not have Russian as language of daily use?
How many people do not have Ukrainian as language of daily use?
How many percent of people do not have Ukrainian as language of daily use?
How many people do not have Gagauz as a second language they use daily?
How many percent do not have Gagauz as a second language they use daily?
How many in percent from the 2014 census don't have Russian as language of daily use?
How many in percent from the 2014 census don't have Ukrainian as language of daily use?
How many in percent from the 2014 census don't have Gagauz as language of daily use?
How many in percent from the 2014 census don't have Bulgarian as language of daily use?
How many more percent of people as of the 2014 census declared their first language as Moldovan than Romanian?
How many percent of the inhabitiants of Moldova do not have Moldovan/Romanian as their first language?
In numbers, how many people that answered the question on "language used for communication" did not have Moldovan/Romanian as their first language?
How many more people in the 2014 declaired Russian as their language of daily use than Ukranian?
Which languages have less than 100000 speakers?
How many languages had more speakers than the Ukrainian language?
Which language had exactly 367556 less speakers than the Russian language?
Which language had exactly 1412768 more speakers than the Ukrainian language?
How many years passed between the ned of Iraqi Governance and the beginning of Iraqi Sovereignty?
How many years for the Valorous Unit Award?
How many years awarded for Cross of Gallantry with Palm 1966-1969?
How many years was the range that is embroidered on the streamer for Meritorious Unit Commendation , 7th Squadron 10th US Cavalry?
Who threw the only touchdown in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points were scored at the half?
How many points would the Panthers get on the board with?
How many wins did the Panthers have before this game?
How many points did the Seahawks score?
Which team lost?
how many yards did brown get?
how many yards did kasay nail?
how many yards did williams get?
how many yards did kasay deliver in the fourth?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many field goals did Sturgis kick?
How many pass attempts did Brady fail to complete?
How many field goals did gostokwski have?
How many catches did Edelman have?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Patriots?
How many total yards did the Patriots have in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Ryan Tannehill throw?
How many catches did Brandon LaFell have?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
How many points difference is there between the shortest and longest field goals?
How many points behind were the Dolphins midway through the second quarter?
how many points did tannehill lead?
how many plays did the patriots respond with?
how many yards did miller score?
how many yards did the patriots march?
how many yards did new england get by gostkowski?
how many yards did gostkowski drill?
How many years experienced riots?
How many years after the last protest was Morocco granted independence?
Which two events occurred in 1394?
How many countries launched attacks into the headwaters of the Moulouya?
How many years past from spring 1922 to when Said died?
How many years did bandits continue to attack French troops in the mountains after Said's death?
How many separate years did major riots take place?
What occurred in 1956?
How many years passed from the spring of 1922 to when Moroccan finally got independence?
How many different years did riots take place between 1934 and 1951 in France?
What happened first: Poeymirau and Freydenberg launched attacks or significant riots?
What happened second: Poeymirau and Freydenberg launched attacks or significant riots?
How many years after Said died did small armed gangs of bandits continued to attack French troops in the mountains?
How many years after the last riot of 1951 did it take for France to recognize Moroccan independence?
How many months did it take for Lyautey to bring the entire Moulouya Valley under control after Poeymirau and Freydenberg launched their offensive in April 1922?
How many months separated Said's defeat at El Ksiba in April 1922 and his death in combat in March 1924?
How many different years were there significant riots and demonstrations in French Morocco as opposition to French rule?
How many years after Said was defeated at ElKsiba did he die?
How many different years were there significant riots?
How many losses did both teams have combined to start this game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Chad Pennington throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Ronnie Brown score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
From what distance did two players have touchdown runs?
How long were each of Ronnie Brown's touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Ronnie Brown have on touchdown runs?
Which players had touchdown runs?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Chad Pennington have on touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns did the Jets score in the first half?
How many more yards was Leon Washington's touchdown over Chris Baker's?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely have in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's first field goal over Mike Nugent's?
How many field goals between 20 and 35 yards were kicked?
How many touchdowns of less than ten yards were scored?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many 2-yard touchdowns runs were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many years did the Arab campaigns span?
What happened later, the revolt in the Hejaz, or The meeting of Bell and Sheikh Harb of the Howeitat?
Which army had more Mulim officer, the English or the French?
How many months passed between the British sending assistance for the revolt in the Hejaz, and Captain Lawrence going to work with the Hasemite forces?
Which players both kicked 41-yard field goal?
Who had the shortest TD run?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Elam kick?
What was the shortest TD run
What was the shortest TD pass?
Who scored first
What quarter did the Broncos first score
Which team scored the only touchdown of the first quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made in this game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Houston score in the 4th quarter?
Which yard line did both Elam and Brown kick field goals from?
How many more field goals did Broncos score over Texans in the second quarter?
In which quarters same number of touchdowns were scored?
How many more touchdowns did Texans score over Broncos?
Who scored the second longest touchdown run?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
Which players kicked the second longest field goals?
Who booted the longest field goal?
Which player had the second longest TD run?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run over the shortest one?
How many yards longer was the second TD run over the first and third combined?
Who scored the longest touchdown run?
Who kicked field goals over 40 yards?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
In which quarter did the Broncos first score a touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals over 45 yards were made?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was fourth most common?
which household was third most common?
Which is a larger percentage of households, female householders with no husband or someone living alone who is over 65?
Which is a smaller percentage of households, married couples living together or non-families?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not married living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in average are under 5 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Were there more married couples or non-families in 2000?
How many more percent of residents were households with children under 18 than were people over age 65 living alone?
How many percent of people were not married and living together?
Which was larger, the average household or the average family?
How many more people did the average family have than the average household?
What categories were included in the 2000 census?
How many different categories of households were measured in 2000?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
Which group for households is smaller: average family size or average household size?
Who succeeded William Shirley?
Who had more experience, Major General James Abercrombie or Coloney Francois-Charles de Bourlamaque?
What happened first, William Shirley assumed command or the French regular army reinforcements arrived?
How many years in advance did William Shirley make his plans for a meeting in Albany?
What began on May 18, 1756?
Who was replaced by Lord Loudoun?
Who had William Shirley replaced?
Which war came first, the Seven Years' War or the War of the Austrian Succession?
Which happened first, the Normans  conquest of England or their seizing Wales?
Which group was strongest in Wales in the early 1200s?
Which happened first, Llywelyn ap Gruffudd taking back Perfeddwlad or the Treaty of Montgomery?
How many Welsh principalities survived the Norman advance and began pushing back on it in the 11th century?
How many wars with England weakend Gwynedd?
How many years was Llywelyn ap Gruffudd at war with Henry?
How many times was Wales at war with England?
Which Henry did Llywelyn ap Gruffudd resume the war with, Henry II or Henry III
What happened to Llywelyn after doing homage to the English king?
How many Welsh principalities survived?
How many Marcher Lords did Llywelyn had sporadic warfare between?
What happened first: Normans seized much of Wales or Henry III to seize Perfeddwlad?
What happened first: Normans seized much of Wales or Henry III seized Perfeddwlad?
What happened second: Normans seized much of Wales or the Treaty of Montgomery?
Who scored more points, Peyton Manning or Adam Vinatieri?
Who scored the most points?
How many passes did Keiland Willliams receive?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
How many yards more was the longest touchdown play over the second longest?
How many touchdowns were from less than 10 yards out?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns measuring 10-yards orless were scored?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the second rushing touchdown scored relative to the first?
How many yards did the first two rushing touchdowns combine for when their values are combined?
How many yards did the second rushing touchdown and the first field goal combine for?
How many plays shorter than 10 yards happened in the first half of the game?
How many plays shorter than 10 yards happened in the second half of the game?
Which players through touchdown passes that were less than 10 yards?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the first half?
Which players kicked field goals in the second half of the game?
Did Adam Vinatieri kick a longer field goal in the second or fourth quarter?
How many yards longer was Adan Vinateri's field goal kick in the second quarter than his kick in the fourth?
Which player scored the longest field goal kick of the game?
Which player scored the second-longest field goal of the game?
Which team had the longest play of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdown runs?
how many wins did the saints have?
how many yards was the drive?
Who was the starting quarterback for the Saints?
Who had the most rushing yards in the game?
How many incomplete passes did Brett Hundley throw?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many people did not trust the success of the expedition?
How many ships were not Portuguese?
How many of the 5000 men survived?
Out of the 5000 soldiers of infantry, how many survived?
How many of the 41 ships were not Portuguese?
Which happened first, Mascarenhas ignoring his orders or the siege of Hondarribia being lifted?
What happened first: siege of Hondarribia was lifted or epidemic struck the crews?
What happened second: siege of Hondarribia was lifted or epidemic struck the crews?
What was Miguel de Noronha's title?
How many of the 41 ships were not Portuguese?
Who served as Capitán General del Mar Océano after Miguel de Noronha?
Which post did Dom Fernando de Mascarenhas serve in first, Portuguese governor of Tangier, or Capitán General del Mar Océano?
Where did the fleet go first, Cape Verde or Salvador da Bahia?
Which two men turned down commanding the expedition?
Which were there more ships of, Portuguese or Castilian?
How many more of the ships were Portuguese compared to Castilian?
Which result was there more of because of the epidemic that struck the crews of ships, death or incapacitated?
Who all declined the command of the expedition?
What all nationalities did the ships belong?
Who all commanded the ships that Count of Torre as given the command of?
How many points ahead were the Raiders before the end of the second quarter?
How many points did the Raiders lead by at the beginning of the second half?
Which team scored first?
How many points did Kaeding score?
What team scored first in the first quarter?
Who had the second longest touchdown run?
What type of score ended the game?
What type of touchdown was made first in the game?
How many touchdowns happened in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the longer first touchdown pass, Rivers or Cassel?
How many touchdowns were due to passing the ball?
How many touchdown passes were longer than 14 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who ran in the shortest touchdown?
Who ran in the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was LaDainian Tomlinson running touchdown compared to Jamaal Charles?
How many of the field goals kicked were over 50 yards?
How many yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many years after Togashi Masachika's restoration to power did the Kata Rebellion occur?
Who overtook Masachika's position after his death?
How many years did Masachika rule as shugo before his death?
How many years did the revolt in Kaga Province , Japan last?
How many decades passed when Ikkō-ikki increased their political hold on the province?
How many years was Chōkyō Uprising from 1487 through 1488?
What happened first, ikkō-ikki grew discontent with Masachika or increased  their political hold on the province
How many years did the revolt in Kaga Province last?
What happened first: Ikkō-ikki grew discontent with Masachika or shugo to Masachika's uncle Yasutaka?
What happened second: Ikkō-ikki grew discontent with Masachika or Yasutaka was made shugo?
How many years after Togashi Masachika had been restored to power did the the Kaga Rebellion take place?
Which happened last,Togashi Masachika being restored to power or Togashi Masachika committing seppuku?
How many years after Togashi Masachika had been restored to power did the Ikkō-ikki grow discontent with him and launch revolts?
How many years after Togashi Maschika had been restored to power did he leave on a military compaign?
How many years did the Chōkyō Uprising last?
How many years after Togashi Masachika had been restored to power was the Chōkyō Uprising?
How many turn overs did Tampa have?
How many points did Tampa lead by?
Who score more points, the Titans or the Buccaneers?
How many points did Tennessee score?
How many points did Tampa Bay score?
How many points did the Bucaneers lose by?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Which team was winning at the half?
How many turnovers did Smith have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Smith throw?
How many interceptions did Smith throw in the first half?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
how many country grew faster?
How many countries are included in this passage?
Which country had the smallest population during this time?
How many more people lived in France compared to Russia
How many people did France have more than European Russia?
How many people did European Russia have less than France?
When did France fall from having the most population in Europe?
About how many people did France have more than Austria Habsburgs?
About how many people did France have more than Britain?
About how many people did Spain have more than Britain?
Which country had a larger population, Spain or Britain?
Who had the second highest population in Europe?
How many in percent weren't peasants in the Ancien Régime of France?
How many more people did France have than European Russia in 1700?
How many more people did France have than Britain in 1700?
How many in percent were not peasants in France in the Ancien Régime?
Who had the smallest population in 1700?
How many million people did Spain have?
How many million people did Spain have?
How many million people did the Austrian Habsburgs have?
How many million people did the Austrian Habsburgs have?
How many million people did France have?
How many million people did Russia have?
How many million people did Britain have?
How many million people did Britain have?
How many more people than Russia did France have?
How many percentage points of the population where not peasants?
What two country have about the same population?
Which country had the fourth largest population?
Which happened later, the invasion of the Burmese Empire or Mrauk-U losing control of Chittagong?
For how many years did the Kingdom of Mrauk-U rule over what is now Rakhine State, Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh?
Who lost control of Chittagong in 1666?
How many years was it a protectorate
Who helped them prosper
How many years did the kingdom last exactly?
The The Kingdom of Mrauk-U is currently in what country?
Who went to war with the Mughal Empire?
How many years did the Kingdom of Mrauk-U rule over Rakhine State, Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh?
For how many years was Mrauk-U a protectorate of the Bengal Sultanate?
How many years after Mrauk-U first started ruling over Rakhine State, Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh did it lose control of Chittagong after a war with the Mughal Empire?
How many years did the kingdom of Mrauk-U rule over over what is now Rakhine State, Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh?
Which year is the latest the Kingdom of Mrauk-U ruled over what is now Rakhine State, Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh, 1429 or 1785
Which year is the earliest the Kingdom of Mrauk-U ruled over what is now Rakhine State Myanmar and Chittagong Division, Bangladesh
How many touchdowns did the Bears get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many interceptions did Rex Grossman throw?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play of the game?
How many more points did the Patriots score in the first half over the Bears?
How many points did the Patriots score in the second half?
How many points did the Bears score in the second half?
Which treaty occured first, the one between Greece and the Ottomans or the Secret Bulgarian-Ottoman Treaty?
Who signed a treaty first, Greece or Serbia?
Which event happened first, the Secret Bulgarian-Ottoman Treaty or Serbia signed a treaty in Constantinople?
Which event happened first, the Treaty of Constantinople or the Secret Bulgarian-Ottoman Treaty?
What happened when Greece and the Ottomans signed a treaty?
Why was Bulgaria pressured?
How many months spanned these events?
What event happened first, the Ottomans signing a treaty in Athens, of Serbia signing a treaty in Constantinople?
What happened later, Secret Bulgarian-Ottoman Treaty or Treaty of London?
How many days passed between the Bulgarian three-man delegation was sent and the Treaty of Constantinople?
How many years passed between the Treaty of London and the Bulgarian-Ottoman Treaty of 1914?
What year did Ottoman forces established a provisional government of Western Thrace?
What year was the Treaty of Constantinople signed?
How many days after Bulgaria's three-man delegation was sent to Constantinople did they create the Treaty of Constantinople.
How many people negotiated for Bulgaria and Ottoman combined?
Which was first, the Secrect Bulgairan-Ottoman Treaty or the Treaty of London?
Trying seventh game win or fail?
The Giants fell flat as?
How many touchdowns did Shepard get for the season?
How many interceptions did Manning throw?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many touchdowns did Shepard throw this season?
how many points did the giants lose by?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
Who had two takeaways?
How many years was it from when the Danish claimed Saint John and when a coastal parcel of land was purchased by William Gandy?
How many years was it from when the Danish claimed Saint John and De Buyck's death?
How many years was it from when a coastal parcel of land was purchased by William Gandy and De Buyck's death?
Which happened first, the Danish claimed Saint John or Pieter de Buyck purchased property along the north central coast of the island?
Who purchased the coastal parcel of land first, William Grady or Peter Durloo?
How many years after William Gandy purchased a coastal parcel of land was it bought by Peter Durloo?
How many years after Pieter de Buyck purchased property along the north central coast of the island did he die?
How many years after the Danish laid claim on Saint John did William Gandy purchase land?
How many years did William Gandy own land before it was purchased by Peter Durloo?
Who was Elizabeth Jansen's husband?
How many years did Pieter de Buyck own land before his death?
Who was Elizabeth Jansen's eldest brother?
How many years after the Danish claimed Saint John did Peter Durloo purchase land?
Which race group was the highest in Alameda, White or Pacific Islander?
How many more Asians live in Alameda than Native American?
Which had more people in Alameda, a female householder with no husband or a male householder with no wife?
How many more POSSLQ than same sex married couples in Alameda?
Who was the smallest household occupant amount, individuals or 65 years or older?
Who was the largest household occupant, opposite married couples or children under 18?
Was the racial makeup of Alameda have a higher population of White or Asians?
How many more Native Americans live in Alameda compared to Pacific Islanders?
Were there more households with a female householder with no husband present or a male householder with no wife present?
How many households did not have children under the age of 18 living in them?
How many more African Americans were living in Alameda compared to Native Americans?
What race had the highest makeup on Alameda, Asian or Native American?
How many more Whites were living in Alameda compared to Asians?
Which type of household had more people living in them, a female household with no husband present or a male householder with no wife present?
How many more households had a female household with no husband present compared to a male householder with no wife present?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which race mde up the second largest percentage of the population?
Which two races made up the largest percentages of the population?
Which two races made up the smallest percentages of the population?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were not either White or Asian in Alameda?
How many more White people were there compared to Asian and African American people combined?
How many more Asian people were there compared to Native Americans and Pacific Islanders combined?
How many more African American people were there compared to Native Americans and Pacific Islanders combined?
How many White, Asian, and African American people were there combined?
How many more people were there in the largest race compared to the smallest race?
How many more people were there in the largest race compared to the second smallest race?
How many people were in the two smallest races combined?
Which races each populated the city by more than 20000 inhabitants?
How many of the races each made up less than 5% of the population?
How many more people were Hispanic or Latino than Native American?
How many races each were made up of more than 4000 inhabitants but less than 6000?
Which households each made up less than 5000 of the population?
How many people were in the second largest racial group in Alameda?
How many people were either African American, Asian or Native American?
Which groups made up less than 1% of the population?
How many percent of people in Alameda were neither White nor African American?
How many opposite sex and same sex married couples were living together?
Were there more married couples living together or more female/male head of household with no spouse?
What was the second largest type of household?
How many households were not considered families?
Which team scored first?
How many points did both teams score combined in the first half?
Which team was winning at the half?
How many games have the Steelers lost this season?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Steeler's score in the second hals?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger’s touchdown run compared to Byron Leftwich’s pass to Nate Washington?
What was the minimum year for him writing a monthly article in the Beo.ie?
What was the maximum year for him writing a monthly article in the Beo.ie?
How many years was it between when Turasoireacht was published and when Piobaire was published?
How many years was it betwen when Turasoireacht was published and when Ceal & an Buachaill Gorm was published?
How many years did he write a monthly article on music for Beo.ie?
How many years did write a monthly article on music for online magazine Beo.ie?
What book was published first: Turasóireacht or a translation of Sandy Fitzgerald's children's story Céal & an Buachaill Gorm?
What book was published second: Turasóireacht or Pat the Pipe - Píobaire?
How many years did he write a monthly article on music for Beo.ie?
For how many years did he write a monthly article on music for Beo.ie?
How many years after his book of short stories was published was his first novella published?
How many years passed between his debut novella being published and his translation of Sandy Fitzergald's children's story Céal & an Buachaill Gorm was published?
Which book was published a year after Pat the Pipe - Píobaire?
Which book was Coisceim lastest booked published?
Which had more ships, the Venetian fleet or the Ottoman fleet?
Most of the larger ships at the Battle of Zonchio were which type?
How many years after his defeat at the Battle of Zonchio did Grimani become the Doge of Venice?
When was the second day of fighting in the Battle of Zonchio?
How many days saw no fighting between the beginning and end of the Battle of Zonchio?
How many ships did the Ottoman fleet include?
Which event happened first, Ottoman fleet taking command or Kemal Res setting sail?
How many ships did the Venetian fleet include?
How many types of ships did Kemal have all together?
How many ships did the ottoman have all together?
The Battle of Zonchio was the first what
How many separate days did this battle last?
How many different types of ships did Kemal Res set sail with in 1499?
About how many total ships were in the Ottoman fleet?
Which team played at home?
Who scored from the 2 yard line?
Who ran the ball in for a one yard touchdown?
How many first quarter touchdowns did Dallas score?
How many points did Denver win by?
How many yards was the longest passing TD?
How many different Broncos caught a TD pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many more touchdowns did Dallas have than Denver in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did Dallas trail by at the half?
How many more touchdowns did Denver have in the second quarter than the first?
How many field goals of at least 45 yards did Prater make?
how many yards did romo pass in the first?
how many yards did murray rush?
how many yards did manning connect?
how many points did the cowboys lead in the second?
how many yards did the romo pass to bryant?
how many yards did romo throw to witten?
how many points did the cowboys lead in the first?
how many yards did romo pass in the first?
how many yards did murray rush?
how many yards did manning connect?
how many yards did bailey get in the second quarter?
how many yards did manning pass to decker?
how many points did the broncos lead at the end of the first?
how many yards did manning connect in the third?
how many yards did romo connect?
how many points did the broncos lead at halftime?
how many yards did romo pass to bryant?
how many yards did romo throw for a td?
How well were the Tennessee Titans doing?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team led at halftime?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the game?
who scored first?
what was the final play?
Who made the first scored
Who won the game
how many yards did britt pass?
how many yards did bironas get?
How many field goals did Bironas make in the game?
What was the longest field goal in the game?
How many field goals in the game were longer than 30 yards?
How long were Bironas' three field goals in the game?
How many yards did Scobee kick in the game?
How many yards difference was there between the shortest and longest field goals?
How many total yards were all of Bironas' field goals combined?
How many more field goals did Bironas kick than Scobee?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown pass than the second?
How long were each of Bironas' field goals?
How many more field goals did Bironas kick than Scobee?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many prisoners did Abu Sayyaf demand the United States release in exchange for an American Muslim that had been captured?
For how many months did Abu Sayyaf focus on kidnapping people from ships?
How many victims of countries does Abu Sayaff have?
Who did Abu kidnap first,  American Bible translator or an American Muslim?
How many years was majority of ransom hostages in the high seas?
How many years after the World Trade Center bombing was an American Muslim captured?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes were there in total?
How many field goals did Morten Andersen kick?
Which team did the Falcons play in week 11?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
Which team won the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Peyton Manning or Joey Harrington?
Who scored more field goals, Morten Andersen or Adam Vinatieri?
How many more TD passes did Manning have than Harrington?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Sam Bradford throw?
How many points did the Rams score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the 49ers' final field goal?
who lead the game in the beginning?
who won the game?
who was the rams quarterback?
who was the 49ers quarterback?
who was the rams wide receiver?
Which player scored first?
Which team scored in overtime?
How many touchdown passes did Michael Crabtree catch?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the longest touchdwon pass?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 10 yards?
How many touchdown runs of at least 10 yards were made?
What are the top three longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the two shortest touchdown passes combined?
Which player scored more field goals, Joe Nedney or Josh Brown?
How many more field goals did Joe Nedney make over Josh Brown
Which field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many field goals between 20 and 45 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 40 yards?
Which players scored at least three field goals?
How many yards shorter was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Josh Brown kick?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 2 yards?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Nedney kick than Brown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first two quarters?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 10 yards?
Were there more yards of field goals or touchdowns in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the average field goal kicked in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest field goal kicked after the first two quarters?
How many yards of field goals were kicked after the first two quarters?
How many yards, rounded to one decimal place, on average were field goals kicked after the first two quarters?
Were more yards of touchdowns scored in the first two quarters or afterwards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns of the entire game scored?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fifth longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Brown make?
How many total yards of field goals did Nedney make?
Who completed the second longest TD pass?
Who caught the second longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 10 yards?
Who  had a the largest force, 1000 French or 5000 local rebels?
What did the Irish call their 1798 Rebellion?
What happened to Wolf Tone first when he attempted to land in County Donegal, intercepted or surrendered?
Between the French soldiers and local rebels, how many troops were there?
How was Wolfe Tone supposed to die?
What was Wolfe Tone's preferred method of execution?
What was Wolfe Tone's verdict in his trial?
How many months after Wolfe Tone was captured after battle did the slit his own throat in prison?
In what month and year did Wolfe Tone die?
How many more local rebels were there in August compared to French soldiers?
How many days after Wolfe Tone attempted to land in County Donegal did he attempt to kill himself?
How many days after soldiers under General Humbert landed at Kilcummin was the main force was defeated at the battle of Ballinamuck?
How many days after soldiers under General Humbert landed at Kilcummin did Wolfe Tone, attempted to land in County Donegal
How many weeks after Wolfe Tone attempted to land in County Donegal did he die?
How many French soldiers and local rebels in total defeated the British in Castlebar under General Humbert?
How many days after French soldiers under General Humbert landed in the north-west of the country was the main force defeated at the battle of Ballinamuck?
How many days after Wolfe Tone and a larger French force attempted to land in County Donegal did he slit his throat in prison?
What year was the second Dutch invasion in Bali?
How many times between 1905 and 1910 did the dutch invade Bali?
When was the second Dutch invasion of Bali?
How many years after the Dutch invasion of Bali was Bali opened to tourism?
How many years after the first Dutch invasion of Bali did the second invasion occur?
Which happened earlier, the first Dutch invasion of Bali or the opening of Bali to tourism?
How many years after the second Dutch invasion was Bali opened to tourism?
How many times did the Dutch invade Bali?
How many years passed between the initial invasion in Bali and the opening of the island to tourism?
How many invasions of Bali are mentioned?
How many military invasions were there?
What happened first: Dutch control of the island or Dutch invasion in Bali?
What happened second: Dutch control of the island or Dutch invasion in Bali?
What was the halftime score?
What did the Falcons do on the two point conversion?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
Which team was losing the first half, Falcons or Texans?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns?
How many points did the Texans score?
Which team lost the game?
How many points, 48-21, did the Falcons win over the Texans?
Which team recovered a fumble by Houston and ran it down for 84 yard touchdown?
Which event took place first, the Synod of Dort or the revocation of the Edict of Nantes?
Which event took place first, the Synod of Dort or the Westminster Assembly?
Which event took place first, the Westminster Assembly, or the revocation of the Edict of Nantes?
Which event happened first, the Westminster Assembly, or the Synod of Dort?
How many countries contained concentrated Portestant lands at the beginning of the 17th century?
Was Ireland predominately Protestant or Catholic?
How many years did the Synod of Dort last?
Which occurred first, the Westminster Assembly of the 1640's or the Synod of Dort?
How many countries and regions had Protestant territories?
Which event happened first, the Edict of Nantes or The Westminster Assembly?
Which event happened last, the Edict of Nantes or the Synod of Dort?
Which event happened first, The Westminster Assembly or the Synod of Dort?
How many years did it take the ADF to grow between 2014-15 years?
How many years did the ADF not meet its recruitment target over the period 1995-96 financial year?
How many personnel did the ADF reduce as a result of budget cuts?
By how many permanent personnel was the ADF reduced in the 1990s?
For how many years was the ADF reduced in size, until it began growing again?
How many songs did a "hologram" of Shakur perform on April 15, 2012?
How many years had Tupacs 1998 Greatest Hits album been off of the Billboard 200 when it returned after the "hologram" performance?
What Shakur single saw the greatest sales in the week after the "hologram" performance?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
Who kicked the longer field goal in the first quarter, Novak or Prater?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers throw in the second quarter?
Which occurred first, the invasion of Chiang Mai or the invasion of Burma?
How many expeditions did it take to bring Lan Na uner control?
How many areas in Burma were captured by the Siamese in 1663?
Who was constantly ambushed whenever they left the city of Chiang Mai?
Which was captured first, Pagan or Martaban?
how many expeditions did it take to bring lan na under control?
when did the siamese retreat?
Which did the Saimese army invade second, Burma or Chiang Mai?
How many months did the Saimese stay holed up in Chiang Mai after they captured it?
How many cities, including Chang Mai did the Siamese capture?
What did the Siamese capture last: Chiang Mai or Martaban?
What did the Siamese capture last: Chiang Mai or Syriam?
What did the Siamese capture last: Rangoon or Chiang Mai?
What did the Siamese capture last: Pegu or Chiang Mai?
What did the Siamese take first: Pegu or Chiang Mai?
How many cities did the Siamese capture?
Which did the Siamese capture later, Chiang Mai or Martaban?
How many months after capturing Chiang Mai did the Siamese capture Syriam?
How many months after the Siamese captured Chiang Mai did they evacuate Chiang Mai?
When did the final peace treaty negotiations conclude?
How many years passed between the death of Duke Otto III and the start of lasting peace?
How many years after Duke Otto III's death did the Treaty of Soldin happen?
What cities were treaties signed in?
How many years passed between Duke Otto III's death and the Treaty of Soldin?
How many law professors were listed as kept from the University of Greifswald?
What were Matthias von Wedel and Sabel Siegfried the Younger?
How many treaties were there?
Who died first, Duke Otto III or Frederick?
How many years passed between the Treaty of Soldin and the re-eruption of conflict?
Which happened first, the invasion of Neumark, or the peace treaty?
How many years passed between the invasion of the Neumark and the signing of the peace treaty?
Which happened first, the Dukes and the Elector concluded the Treaty of Soldin or Bradenburg captured several Pomerania towns?
How many law professors from the University of Greifswald did the Duke retain to review the peace treaty?
How many years after Brandenburg captured several Pomerania towns was a lasting peace treaty signed at Prenzlau?
Which happened later, a lasting peace treaty was signed at Prenzlau or Duke Otto III of Pomerania-Stettin died?
How many field goals did the Ravens score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many points were the Lions losing by at intermission?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many field goals did the Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the third quarter?
How many points were the Lions losing by at the end of third quarter?
How many points were the Ravens leading by at the end of third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score in the fourth quarter?
How many points did Baltimore win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were Baltimore winning by at halftime?
How many wins did the Patriots have coming into this game against the Colts?
How many wins did the Colts have coming into this game against the Patriots?
How many more points did the Patriots score on their opening drive then the Colts first score?
How many drives of 80 yards or longer did the Patriots have?
How many touchdowns and interceptions did Brady throw?
Which quarterback threw for more yards, Brady or Luck?
Which player had at least 3 touchdowns?
Did Tom Brady have more touchdown passes or interceptions?
How many more total yards did Luck throw for than Brady?
Which players threw two touchdowns in the game?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the second longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards long was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards were the two longest touchdowns of the game?
How many yards were the two shortest touchdowns of the game?
How many field goals were kicked by Jeff Reed longer than 20 yards, but shorter than 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards long was the average field goal kicked by Jeff Reed?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was Alex Smith's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
What all field goals did Jeff Reed make?
What all field goals did Jeff Reed make from longer than 30 yards?
What all touch downs did Alex Smith make?
What all touch downs did Matt Hasselbeck make?
How many yards longer was Alex Smiths first touchdown pass compared to Matt Hasselbecks first touchdown pass?
Who lost the game?
Who won against the Jets?
Who lost against the Eagles?
Which team is DeMarco Murray on?
Who was the Eagles' leading rusher?
Who had the first touchdown reception of the game?
Which Bills player caught a touchdown?
How many wins did the Jets have after beating the Bills?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play of the game that resulted in a td?
Who scored more points, Arizona or Tampa Bay?
Who made a 47-yard field goal?
Which team completed a 50-yard touchdown pass?
Which player got a 52-yard field goal?
How many points did the Bears score in the third quarter?
Which player booted more total yards of field goals, Crosby or Gould?
How many yards longer was Crosby's longest field goal over Gould's longest one?
How many yards shorter was the shortest touchdown pass than the longest one?
How many NHL teams were there prior to the 1967 expansion?
How many Stanley Cups did the Pittsburgh Penguins lose?
How many times did the Penguins win back-to-back Stanley Cup Championships?
In which years did the Penguins win back-to-back championships?
When was the first time the Pittsburgh Penguins won the Stanley Cup?
When was the last time the  Pittsburgh Penguins won the Stanley Cup?
Did the Pittsburgh Penguins win more Stanley Cups before or after 2000?
Buy how many teams did the NHL expand in 1967?
How many years did the Penguins play in the Civic Arena?
How many times have the Penguins lost the Stanley Cup Final?
How many NHL teams have won more Cup championships than the Penguins?
How many new teams joined the NHL in 1967?
How many years did the Penguins play in the Civic Arena?
Which arena did the Penguins play in second, the Civic Arena or the PPG Paints Arena?
How many times have the Penquins gone to the Stanley Cup Finals and lost?
How many years passed between the Penguins first Stanley Cup Win and their most recent win?
How many teams have won more Cup championships than the Penguins?
How many times out of the six times that they qualified for the Stanley Cup did they not win the Stanley Cup?
Which NHL seasons in the years after 2000 resulted in Stanley Cup wins?
Which team was back-to-back champions first, Penguins or Detroit Red Wings?
How many Stanley Cup wins were back to back NHL seasons?
How many more division titles did the Penguins win than Stanley Cup wins?
How many years did the Penguins play at The Igloo?
How many years was it from the Penguins first Stanley Cup win until their last?
How many years from when the Penguins were founded did it take them to win their first-ever Presidents Trophy?
How many years did the Mexican Inquisition return for after being first abolished by decree in 1812?
Which came first, the end of the Mexican War of Independence or the abolition of the Mexican Inquisition?
How many years did the Mexican Inquisition return?
How many years did the Mexican War of Independence last?
how many policy purchase centuries?
how many Spanish Loyalist represented defected?
How many years after being abolished by decree was the Mexican Inquisition actually abolished?
How many years did the Mexican War of Independence last?
Which happened first, the Mexican War of Independence, or the decree to abolish the Mexican Inquisition?
What were the parts of the Spanish policy of making peace with the Chichimecas?
How many years did the Mexican Inquisition return for?
Was 1821 the first or second time the Mexican Inquisition ended?
What Indian tribes were hostile to the Spanish?
How many years after the first abolishment of the Mexican Inquisition was the second one abolished?
How many years did the Mexican War of Independence last?
How many days did it take the Ottoman army to march from Istanbul to Belgrade?
How many days were there between arriving at Belgrade to crossing the River Sava?
Which happened first, the meeting of the war council, or the takeover of the Castle of Hatvan?
How many days did the seige of the fort of Eger last?
Which happened first, the Hatvan castle massacre, or the march from Erlau castle?
Who had more troops, the Christians or the Muslims?
Did the Christian army have more Austrians or Germans?
Were there more Transylvanians or reiters in the Christian army?
How many months did these events span for?
Around how many days did these events span for?
How many days did it take the Ottoman Army to march from Istanbul to Belgrade?
How many days did it take from when the Ottoman Army started a siege on the fort until the castle had capitulated?
Did the Christian army have more Austrians or Germans?
Did the Christian army have more Germans or reiters?
How many more Austrians than Germans were in the Christian army?
Which were there more of  Hungarian light cavalry or Transylvanians?
How many more Germans than reiters were there in the Christian army?
Which had a bigger army, Christian or Muslim army?
Which ancestry groups consisted of more than 5000 army men in the Christian army?
How many months passed between the Ottoman Army marching from the city of Instanbul and their crossing the River Sava?
How many days passed between the Ottoman Army marching from the city of Instanbul and their crossing the River Sava?
How many days passed between the Ottoman Army arriving at Belgrade and crossing the River Sava?
How many Ottoman's at the Castle of Hatvan survived the attack from the Austrians?
How many days was the seige on the fort of Eger before the castle had been capitulated?
How many more Muslim soldiers were there than Christian troops by the highest estimate?
How many more of the Christian troops were Austrians than Germans and reiters?
How many more of the Christian troops were Hungarian light cavalry than Germans and reiters?
How many more Christian troops were Hungarian and Austrians than Germans and reiters?
How many more Christian troops were Hungarian than Austrians and reiters?
How many more Christian troops were Hungarian and Austrians than Germans and reiters and Transylvanian?
How many more Christian troops were Hungarian and Transylvanian than Germans, Austrians and reiters?
How many castles did the Bavarians burn?
When was the League of Constance originally formed?
What made Henry XVI attack Louis VII?
How many people did attack Louis VII
How many years did the Parakeet Society have its original name?
How many people attacked and injured Louis in 1417?
What two insults did Louis attack Henry with?
How many years after the creation of the Parakeet Society did John III become Duke?
Which came first, the Parakeet Society or the League of Constance?
What was the latest name of the Parakeet Society?
What was the former name of the League of Constance?
How many people attacked and hurt greatly Louis?
What method destroyed the castle of the Burgrave of Nuremberg?
Whom did Louis say is the father of Henry?
Whose cousins are from Munich?
Who was John III to William II?
How many years did the Parakeet Society exist?
What happened first, the founding of the Parakeet Society or Louis insulting Henry?
How many days after its founding was the Parakeet Society changed into the League of Constance?
How many people attacked Louis after Louis accused Henry or having shed human blood?
How many total yards did Frank Gore rush for the 49ers
How many total number of yards were in field goals by both teams?
How long was Frank Gore's longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown runs did Frank Gore have?
Who caught the first touchdown pass?
How many scoring drives took place in the first quarter?
What year was Baldwin City founded?
How many years did the Ballad of Black Jack play in the Maple Leaf Festival?
How many years had the musical play entitled The Ballad Of Black Jack been performed during the city's Maple Leaf Festival?
Which occurred first, the 100th anniversary of the founding of Baldwin City or the National Park Service designated the battlefield a National Historic Landmark?
How many years was The Ballad Of Black Jack played in Lawrence?
What happened first: Mueller & Braun produced a musical play or NPS designated battlefield as Historic Landmark?
What happened second: Mueller & Braun produced a musical play or NPS designated battlefield as Historic Landmark?
which year of first anniversary?
which are they ballad of black leaf festvel?
How many years in total was the Ballad Of Black Jack played during the Maple Leaf Festival?
Which happened first, the 100th anniversary of the founding of Baldwin City, or the designation of the battlefield as a National Historic Landmark?
When was the last time the Ballad of Black Jack was played as part of the city's Maple Leaf Festival?
When was the first time the Ballad Of Black Jack was played as part of Lawrence's Civil War On The Western Frontier program?
When was the last time the Ballad Of Black Jack was played as part of Lawrence's Civil War On The Western Frontier program?
How many years after The Ballad Of Black Jack was produced did the National Park Service designate the battlefield a National Historic Landmark?
For how many years all together did The Ballad Of Black Jack play as part of the Baldwin City's Maple Leaf Festival?
Who was the University professor that helped produce The Ballad Of Black Jack, Ivan Boyd or Don Mueller?
How many years did The Ballad Of Black Jack play as a part of Lawrence's Civil War On The Western Frontier program?
What site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2012?
What battlefield is located partially in within Robert Hall Pearson Memorial Park?
How many years did The Ballad Of Black Jack play as part of the Maple Leaf Festival?
What 100th anniversary did univeristy professors produce a musical play for?
How many years total did the Ballad Of Black Jack play as part of the city's Maple Leaf Festival?
How many years total was the Ballad of Black Jack played as part of Baldwin City's Maple Leaf Festival?
How many times was The Ballad Of Black Jack played in Lawrence as part of Lawrence's Civil War On The Western Frontier program?
How many years was The Ballad Of Black Jack played as part of the city's Maple Leaf Festival, both times?
How many years after The Ballad of Black Jack was played in Lawrence was it played again as part of Lawrence's Civil War On The Western Frontier program?
How many years was it between when Lambert appeared at the head of a body of Yorkshire gentleman and when Fairface was re=elected MP for Yorkshire?
How many years was it between when Lambert appeared at the head of a body of Yorkshire gentleman and when Lord Fairfax's wife died?
How many years was it between when Lambert appeared at the head of a body of Yorkshire gentleman and when Fairfax died?
How many years was it between Lord Fairfax's wife died and when Fairfax died?
What about Fairfax made 1200 horse quit Lambert's colors?
How many years after Fairfax's wife died did he die?
Who did Fairfax give a horse to?
How many years after his wife did Lord Fairfax die
Who did the men go with last, Lambert or Fairfax?
How many months after the appearance before the Yorkshire gentlemen was Fairfax re-elected MP for Yorkshire?
How many years after his wife died did Fairfax die?
How many years after the death of his wife, did Fairfax die?
Which happened first, Fairfax influencing 1,200 horse to quit Lambert's colours and join him or Fairfax being re-elected MP for Yorkshire in the Convention Parliament?
Which happened first, Fairfax's re-election as MP or his wife's death?
How many years before Fairfax's death did he appear at the head of a body of Yorkshire gentlemen?
Who died first, Fairfax or his wife?
How many months after Fairfax appeared at the head of a body of Yorkshire gentlemen which was the influence of his name and reputation was he re-elected MP for Yorkshire in the Convention Parliament?
How many years after Fairfax was re-elected MP for Yorkshire in the Convention Parliament did his wife die?
Who died first, Fairfax or his wife?
How many years after his wife died, did Fairfax die?
What three countries were in the anti-French Triple Alliance?
How many more riksdalers would Sweden get in war time?
Who had entered the anti-French Triple Alliance with the Dutch Republic and the Kingdom of England?
How many more men were added to the Swedish army from April 1672 to December?
How many men did Swedish increase there army by December?
Where was the largest group of men stationed, Breman, Wismar Pomeranian garrisons or free to operate un Lord High Constable?
Which event happened first, Sweden and France concluded an alliance or Charles II of England reapproached France?
In September 1674, which country increased their army the least, Sweden or France?
Which garrison did Sweden have the least men stationed, Breman or Wismar?
Which happened in the alliance between Sweden and France first, Sweden enlarged her army or France increased subsidies?
Which area had the least  amount of Swedish stationed, Breman, Wismar or Pomeranian
When did France promise the most riksdalers to Sweden for an alliance in April 1672, war time or peace time?
Who entered the anti-French Triple Alliance with the Dutch, Charles XI of Sweden or Charles II of England?
How many years after Charles II of England rapproached France did Sweden and France conclude an alliance?
How many more riksdalers did France promise in war time compared to peace time?
Which year did France offer mroe riksdalers to Sweden, 1672 or 1674?
Which date did Sweden have more men in their army, September 1674 or December 1674?
Which location were more of the Swedish army stationed, Wismar  or Bremen?
How many more men from the Swedish army were stationed in Pomeranian garrisons compared to Bremen?
How many more riksdalers of subsidies did France promise in war time compared to in peace time?
How many years after Charles II of England rapproached France after the War of Devolution did Sweden and France conclude an alliance?
How many months after Sweden enlarged her army to 22,000 men did the Swedish army grown to 25,000 to 26,000?
What locations were the men of the Swedish army stationed at after it had grown to 25,000 to 26,000 men in December?
How many more men did the Swedish army have in 1674 compared to 1672?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many times did Romo throw a touchdown?
Who was sacked more, Manning or Romo?
How many points did the Giants have at halftime?
How many field goals did the Giants score?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins kick?
How many touchdowns did Gus Frerotte throw?
How many games have the Rams won on the season?
Who had the longer field goal kick in the first quarter, Jeff Wilkins or Neil Rackers?
How many yards longer was Neil Racker's first quarter field goal kick compared to Jeff Wilkin's first quarter field goal kick?
What happened before OG Reggie Wells recovering the ball in the end zone?
How many wins did the Rams start this game with?
Which player had the second longest field goal of the first quarter?
How many touchdowns measured less than 15-yards in length?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 15-yards in distance?
How many more yards were gained on the two longest touchdowns relative to the two shortest?
How many field goals measured longer than 40-yards but less than 55-yards in distance?
How many yards longer was Rackers' first quarter field goal compared to Wilkins' first quarter field goal?
How many total yards did Wilkins have?
Which kicker had less total yards, Wilkins or Rackers?
How many touchdowns were there between 5 and 20 yards?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which two defensive players scored touchdowns?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many rushing touchdowns did Earnest Graham have?
How many rushing touchdowns did Earnest Graham have?
How many scoring drives were there in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was Earnest Graham's shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Earnest Graham's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
Who kicked a field goal earlier, Matt Bryant or Jeff Wilkins?
How many years was it from when Razadarit invaded Upper Burma and when Razadarit and Minkhuang I agreed to another truce?
How many years was it from when Razadarit invaded Upper Burma and when Avan forces began to gain an upper hand?
How many years was it from when Razadarit invaded Upper Bruma and when Minye Kyawswa defeated Theinni?
How many years was it from when Razadarit invaded Upper Burma and when Minye Kyawsawa conqured the Irrawaddy delta?
How many years before Miney Kyawswa was killed did Peguan forces dislodge Avan troops from Arakan?
For how many years was Ava forced to fight on multiple fronts: Theinni in the north, and Pegu in the south and in the west
Which of the two events took place in the same year that Minye Kyawswa was killed, when Minye Kyawswa invaded the Hanthawaddy country in full force or when he conquered the Irrawaddy delta?
How many times was the war renewed?
How many countries did Minye Kyawswa defeat including China?
How many months into 1415 was Minye Kyawswa finally killed?
How many years passed since the truce in 1403 to the years Minye Kyawswa died?
How many years was Ava forced to fight on multiple fronts?
After Razadarit invaded Upper Burma in full force with a large flotilla in 1401, how many years until another truce was agreed upon?
Minye Kyawswa lived for how many months in 1415?
Minye Kyawswa lived for less than how many months in 1415?
What happened first, the invasion of Upper Burma, or a truce between Razadarit and Minkhaung I of Ava?
How many years passed from the flotilla attacking Upper Burma and the second truce agreement?
How many states did Ava overtake between 1404 and 1406?
How many years did Ava fight on multiple fronts?
How many years after defeating Theinni did Minye Kyawswa invade Hanthawaddy?
Which happened first, Minye Kyawswa's invasion of Hanthawaddy country, or him conquering the Irrawaddy delta?
How many years went by between  Minye Kyawswa's invasion of Hanthawaddy country and hisconquering the Irrawaddy delta?
Which happened later, the fleeing of Razadarit to Peru, or the death of Minye Kyawswa?
How many years after Razadarit invaded Upper Burma in full force did Razadarit and Minkhaung I of Ava agreed to another truce?
Which did Minye Kyawswa do first, invade the Hanthawaddy country or conquer the Irrawaddy delta?
How many years after Avan forces were led by Minye Kyawswa was he killed in battle?
How many days passed after Milan surrendered and Duke de Villars arrived in Milan?
How many more men did the Austrian forces have than the French and Savoyard?
By how many troops did the French and Savoyard outnumber the Austrian forces?
How many days after French and Savoyard troops enter Milanese territory did the city of Milan surrender?
How many days after Milan's surrender did the French general DUke de Villars arrive in Milan?
How many months after de Villars quit the army did he die?
How many months after de Villars joined Charles Emmanuel in Milan did de Villars quit the army?
Which team had 6 turnovers?
What is the Texans record?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many touchdowns did the Giants have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw in the game?
How many touchdowns did DeAngelo Williams score?
Which players had 1-yard touchdown runs?
Which players scored at least touchdowns?
How many combined yards did Brandon Jacobs and Derrick Ward have?
How many total turnovers did both teams accumulate?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts score on their first possession?
How many points separated the two teams at half-time?
How many wins in a row did the Colts have going in to the game with the Ravens?
How many turnovers did each team have in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Luck throw in the first quarter?
How many fumbles did the Ravens have in the first quarter?
How many points were the Colts ahead at the end of the first quarter?
Which quarter had bow teams scoring a field goal?
How many points were the Ravens behind at halftime?
How many interceptions did Joe Flacco throw in the third quarter?
How many interceptions did each quarterback throw in the third quarter?
How many points did the Colts win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Colts winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many wins did the Colts have after the game?
How many more touchdowns were there in the second half than the first half?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 35 yards?
What happened first, the Revolution of 1905 or the Constitution of 1906?
How many years after the Revolution of 1905 was the new Russian Constitution set up?
How many years passed between the Russian Constitution of 1906 and the revolution that toppled the Tsar's regime?
How many years after the Revolution of 1905 was the Russian Constitution put into place?
How many years was it from the Revolution of 1905 to the revolution that toppled the Tsar's regime?
What came first, the creation of the October Manifesto or the Fundamental Laws?
What happened first: October Manifesto or the 1917 revolution?
What happened second: October Manifesto or the 1917 revolution?
How many years after the Revolution of 1905 was a October Manifesto created?
How many years after the Russian Constitution of 1906 happen did the Russian revolution happen?
Which revolution toppled the Tsar regime, Revolution of 1905 or 1917 revolution?
How many years after the 1905 revolution was the revolution that would topple the Tsar?
Which came first the Fundamental Laws or the October Manifesto?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were kicked in the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many days did it take for the British expedition to reach Barbados?
Which had more ships, rear Admiral George Rodney's squadron or the other British fleet?
Which squadron arrived earlier to the expedition, George Rodney's or James Douglas'?
How many ships of the line did James Douglas' squadron bring?
When did the expedition reach Fort Royal?
What group of people was the largest?
How many people in all were carried in the ships under ALbermarle's force?
How many total ships and men were on the British expedition?
What happened first: arrived in Barbados or further reinforced?
What happened second: arrived in Barbados or further reinforced?
How many warships, vessels and ships of the line did Albemarle  force have combined?
How many more regulars were hired than sailors?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked more field goals Akers, or Folk?
how many yards did folk get?
how many yards did folk kick?
how many yards did akers get?
how many yards did mcnabb pass
how many yards did Folk kick?
how many yards did akers nail?
How many yards did Nick Folk kick in field goals?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make than David Akers?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than David Akers' longest field goal?
Which player got the games first TD?
How many field goals did Janikowski make?
Which player scored the final TD of the game?
What was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
What was the Raiders record after the game?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers throw in the second half?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many sacks did the Panthers have?
What was Warbeck's plan?
what happened to Warbeck?
How many Cornish uprisings were there by this point?
How many more men did they have than ships?
Why did he desert his army?
How many years did these events span?
What event was first, The Second Cornish, or Warbeck being drawn on a hurdle from the tower to Tybum?
Where was King Richard imprisoned second?
How many years after Henry VII reached Taunton was Warbeck executed?
How many months after the defeat at Blackheath did Warbeck land at Whitesand Bay?
How many months after the Cornish were defeated at the Battle of Blackheath did the Second Cornish uprising occur?
How many years after Warbeck was captured at Beaulieu Abbey in Hampshire was he hanged?
Who was called Bodmin Moor?
What were the other two names that Perkin Warbeck was called?
How did Perkin Warbeck die?
how many yards did siemian throw?
how many yards did mcManus get?
How many touchdown passes did Paxton Lynch throw?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards did Brandon McManus have on each of his field goals?
How many yards difference exists between Brandon McManus's two field goals?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
How many measures were in the bill named the Six Statutes?
How many years long was the period in which the Six statues were passed?
In which year the region of king Edward III passed the six statutes?
Over how many years were the Six Statutes passed?
Which of the statutes had the phrase "due process of law"?
Who reigned first King Edward III or King Henry VI?
How many kings where in power but not at the same time?
Who were the kings?
How many years passed during the passing of the Six Statutes?
How many years passed during the time the Six Statutes were passed?
How many centuries did it take for the Magna Carta to be reconfirmed 32 times?
What is the maximum number of times the Magna Carta was reconfirmed between the 13th and 15th centuries?
How many years were measures passed for during the Six Statutes?
How many centuries was the Magna Carta reconfirmed 32 times?
How many times is the highest amount of times the Magna Carta may have been reconfirmed?
Which King confirmed the Magna Carta, King Edward III or King Henry VI?
How many years after the last year the Charters were clarified was it finally confirmed by King Henry VI?
How many years after the discovery of silver did the natives show resistance towards the colonists?
How many years did the resistance last before colonists were driven out of the area?
What as the cause of the 1684 Indian war?
How many years did it take to remove the Spanish from the land?
What caused most of the conflicts with the Indians?
How many years oassed from when the Spanish colonists discovered silver to when the Pima tribes and successfully drove the colonists out?
How many tribes worked together to successfully drove the colonists out?
what tribes worked together to successfully drove the colonists out?
Where was silver discovered?
who muffed a punt
who won the game?
Which player got the first score of the game?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second half?
How many members of Unit 124 survived their mission?
How long was the mission expected to take?
How many North Koreans were killed and captured in total?
How many days after landing did the men of Unit 124 enter the villages?
Who arrivedfirst, Unit 124 or ROKA forces?
How many units took part in the manhunt?
How many members of the Seung-bok family were murdered?
Who had more losses, the regular army, police and militia, or civilians?
In what year was Lee Seung-bok killed?
Whose family lived on the remote northern slope of Gyebang mountain?
How many North Koreans had been captured by December 26, 1968?
How many games had the Astros lost by May of 2005?
How many more loses did the 2005 Astros have compared to wins in late May?
How many more wins compared to losses did the 2005 Houston Astros have in the month of July?
How many wins did Roy Oswalt, Andy Pettitte, and Roger Clemens have?
How many more wins did Roy Oswalt have compared to Roger Clemens?
Which two teams qualify for the postseason after being 15 games under .500?
Who had more losses, Roy Oswalt or Andy Pettitte?
How many more games did Houston play from the end of May to the end of July than they played up to the end of May?
How many more wins did Houston have from the end of May to the end of July over what they won prior to the end of May?
How many more games did Houston win in their best month over the time prior to the end of May?
Who were the pitchers?
How many people were on the pitching staff?
How many more wins did Roy Oswalt have over Ezequiel Astacio and Wandy Rodríguez combined?
Which pitcher had the worst ERA record?
How many more losses did Ezequiel Astacio and Wandy Rodríguez have over Roy Oswalt?
What pitchers had an ERA below 3?
How many more losses than wins did the Astros find themselves to have in late May 2005?
Which player had a better pitching record, Roy Oswalt or Andy Pettitte?
How many years later did the Astros become the first team since the Boston Braves to qualify for the postseason after being 15 games under .500?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Texas score in the first quarter of week 8?
Which team won?
how many yards did Novak kick?
how many yards did Prater make?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many points did Detroit lose by?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest field goal?
Who had a six-yard touchdown reception?
How many total yards did the Lions kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was the Lions first field goal compared to the Texans first field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Texans lead by at the end of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did Detroit lose by?
how many yards did moore complete
How many combined rushing yards did Jonathan Stewart and DeAngelo Williams have?
How many points did The Buccaneers lead by at halftime?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Josh Freeman or Matt Moore?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
How many points were the Buccaneers leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points did the Tampa Bay win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many combined rushing yards did Jonathan Stewart and DeAngelo Williams have?
How many yards did Jonathan Stewart rush for?
Who was 1-0
Who won the game, Bengals or Jets?
How many points was the former after three punts?
How many points was the latter after three punts?
How many points was the former after Jason Hatcher scored?
How many points was the latter after Jason Hatcher scored?
What was the winning score?
What was the losing score?
how many yards did the patriots drive in the first?
how many yards did the cowboys gain?
Whose touchdown catch was longer in the first quarter, Welkers or Moss?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at the half?
Which team scored last in the first half?
How many yards was Brady's shortest touchdown pass?
In which quarter did the Patriots kick their first field goal?
How many yards was Gostkowski's shortest field goal?
How many points did the Cowboy's lose by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many totoal points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
How many yards were each of Folk's field goals?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Brady's second touchdown than his first one?
How many more field goals were made in the second half than the first?
Which team score the most points in the game?
How many points did the 49ers trail with in the second quarter?
How many offensive touchdowns did the Eagles score in the first half?
How many more yards did the 49ers have over the Eagles?
How many unanswered points did the 49ers score after falling behind 21-10?
Which team scored the least points all game?
How many TD's did the Eagles score in the first half?
Who clashed with the Arakan tribe last, the Avan or the Peguan?
How many years was Saw Mon III in exile?
How many years passed while the weakness was exposed?
What happened first, the Forty Years War, or a unified Arakan?
How many years was Arakan Pegu's vassal?
What happened first, the death of Razadarit, or the restoration of Arakan?
How many years was Saw Mon III in exile?
How many years was the weakness exposed to Avan and Peguan interference?
What event happened first, Non's brother Khayi annexed or Arakan seized Chittagong?
What interference was the region exposed to first, Avan or Peguan?
What was the title of Khayi's brother?
What year was Khayi's brother exiled?
How many years was Arakan Pegu's vassal?
For how many years was Arakan Pegu's vassal?
How many years was the region subject to Avan or Peguan interference?
How many years was Saw Mon III in eile before coming back?
Who was Khayi's brother?
How many years was it between Saw Mon III ame back from exile and Arakan seizing Chittagong?
How many years was Arakan a vassal for Pegu?
Who was Zhaosai's father?
How many months did Si Renfa survive in Ming custody?
How many punitive expeditions had been launched by the Ming prior to March 1443?
Who attacked Min troops in early 1443?
Who fled to Mong Yang after a defeat against Ming?
Where did Si Renfa have a base of power?
Which team had won in week 1?
What is the Giants record at Cowboy Stadium?
What was the Giants record at Cowboys Stadium?
Which team scored 24 straight points?
How many wins the Giants have on the season after beating the Cowboys?
How many losses the Giants have on the season after beating the Cowboys?
How many points did the Giants lead with at the start?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Giants win by?
Which team led by over 20 points?
How many points did the chiefs have at halftime?
How many points did the Chiefs get on the scoreboard with?
How many losses did the chiefs have before this game?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
Who cause the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored total in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
Which player had the most first half touchdowns?
Who was the first team to score?
Which player was first to score?
Which player scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Buffalo Bills score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the first quarter?
Which player scored first in the second quarter?
How many points did the Chiefs score over the entire game?
How many games had the Chiefs won this season?
How many times did Dwayne Bowe score in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who caught the second longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the second half?
Which players scored 5-yard touchdowns?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did C.J. Spiller rush for on touchdowns?
How many total yards did Dwayne Bowe have on touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw for touchdowns?
How long were each of Ryan Fitzpatrick's touchdowns?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How long were each of C.J. Spiller's touchdowns?
Which player ran for two touchdowns?
Which player caught two touchdown receptions?
How long were each of Dwayne Bowe's touchdown receptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bills win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Buffalo win by?
Which player scored two touchdowns in the first quarter?
What team scored the first points of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
how many yards did Rayner get?
how many yards did johnson get?
How many touchdown passes longer than 25 yards were there?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored first?
How many running touchdowns were there during the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which all players made a field goal in the second half?
How many turnovers did Chad Pennington have?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest scoring pass of the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many total points where scored in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the entire game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored by the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many more points did Bengals score in the second quarter over Chargers?
How many points did Bengals score in the second half?
How many more points did Chargers score in the third quarter over Bengals?
In which quarter Bengals scored more points, first or second?
How many more points did Bengals score in the second quarter over their first quarter?
In which quarters did Chargers score same number of points?
How many more yards was Graham's first field goal over his second one?
How many yards was the longest TD of the first half?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Chargers lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many wins did the Colts have after losing this game to the Broncos?
How many yards was the longest drive of the game?
Who was the Bronco Quarterback?
What team scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points was Denver ahead by at halftime?
Which team was leading going into the fourth quarter?
Who clinched the NFC South despite losing the game?
How did the Redskins score on the first drive of the game?
Who clinched a playoff spot?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many rushing yards did Tampa have?
Which team lost the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
Out of 109 yard for Tampa, how many were passing?
Which event happened first, the agreement, or the death of both Melanchthon and Flacius?
What happened earlier, the deaths of Melanchthon and Flacius or the Formula of Concord of 1577?
Who were the two key figures involved in the Syncretistic Controversy?
Which bishops were in favor of the union of the English and Swedish churches in 1718?
How many churches did John Robinson want to bring together?
How many bishops were in favor of John Robinson's idea?
Which bishop was from Skara, Sweden, Jesper Sedberg or Johannes Gezelius?
Which bishop was from Turku, Finland, Jesper Swedberg or Johannes Gezelius?
Which happened first,  Georgius Calixtus beginning a rebellion or there was some ecumenical interest between the Church of Sweden and the Church of England?
How many years after John Robinson planned for a union of the English and Swedish churches did the last original Swedish congregation complete the merger into the Episcopal Church?
Which happened last, Samuel Simon Schmucker attempted to lead the Evangelical Lutheran General Synod of the United States toward unification with other American Protestants or a Neo-Lutheran revival?
When did the complete agreement finally come about, before the death of both Melachthon and Flacius or after their death?
How many years after John Robinson planned for a union of the English and Swedish churches did the last original Swedish congregation complete it's merger into the Episcopal Church?
Which occurred first, a new generation of theologians resolved doctrinal controversies on the basis of Scripture in the Formula of Concord or the sparking of the Syncretistic Controversy?
How many touchdowns did Romo throw?
Why didn't the Cowboys game winning touchdown pass count?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
How many yards longer was Graham Gano's second field goal over his first one?
How long was the longest field goal?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
What was the first scoring play, a touchdown or field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored first in the second half?
how many yards did Gano get at the opening?
how many yards did Hall return for the TD?
how many yards did austin pass?
how many yards did romo complete to williams?
How many more yards was Gano's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
In which quarters were field goals scored?
In which quarter were there no touchdowns?
Who lost the game?
How many fumbles did the Seahawks force?
How many points did the Jets score?
How many touchdowns did the Jets make?
how many yards did wilkerson run?
how many points did the seahawks fall behind?
Who made the longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more losses did the Jets' have compared to wins after this game?
In the Fourth quarter, how many points did Washington earn?
How many yards in the whole game did Josh Brown kick in field goals?
How many touchdowns did Clinton Portis have?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Josh Brown kick from more than 40 yards?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made by Kris Brown?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards difference exists between Kris Brown's longest and shortest field goal? ?
How many field goals did Josh Brown kick from beyond 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Clinton Portis's first touchdown run over his second?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw?
How many touchdown receptions did Randy Moss have?
How many field goals did Gostkowski make?
How many touchdowns did Brady throw?
How many yards was the last touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many more digital screens were there in 2010 than there were in 2009?
Where there more digital screens in 2009 or 2010?
Which had more d-screes, Europe or the United States and Canada?
Were there more d-screens in Asia or in the United States and Canada?
Which part of the world had the lowest number of d-screens?
How many percentages are 3D screens expected to drop between 2009 and 2011?
How many percentages of screens had not yet been converted to digital in the UK by the end of 2012?
As of March 2015, how many screens had not been converted to digital?
Which country had more converted screens in 2015, the United States, or Canada?
How many of the 16,000 digital cinema screens are not stereoscopic setups?
How many more digital screens were there in 2010 than in 2009?
How many more d-screens were there in the Europe than in Asia?
How many of the 38,719 screens in the United States are not 3D capable?
How many of the screens internationally have been converted that are not 3D capable?
How many screens were not in the U.S. and Canada or Asia?
How many percent of the world's screens have not been digitized?
Who had the most screens in 2010?
Who had the fewest screens in 2010?
How many of the digital cinema screens did not have stereoscopic setups?
How many more digital screens were there in 2010 than there were in 2009?
Which geographical areas were considered when measuring the number of d-screens?
Which area had more digital screens, Europe or Asia?
How many more d-screens did the United States and Canada have than Asia?
As of March 2015, how many of the digital screens were not 3D capable than screens that were?
How many digital cinema screens did not have stereoscopic setups?
Which countries together had the largest amount of d-screens: Europe, Canada and United States or Asia?
How many more digital screens worldwide in 2010 than in 2009?
Which year would 8.6 percent UK screens be converted to digital?
How many more screens have been converted in 3D capable in United States than Canada?
Did the Texans play their first game of the 2006 at home or on the road?
Who caught the longest touchdown thrown in the game?
Was this game at home or away for the Philadelphia Eagles?
Who scored more points at halftime?
How many sacks did the Eagles defense have?
How many passes did David Carr complete?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass for the Eagles?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Donovan McNabb or David Carr?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb make?
How many yards are the top two touchdown passes combined?
How many more touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb make over David Carr
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 30 yards were made?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 20 yards?
How many yards shorter was Donovan McNabb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total yards did Donovan McNabb throw for touchdowns?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest touchdown pass and the shortest?
How many more yards was David Akers field goal over Kris Brown's?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of touchdowns did McNabb have in the first half?
How many total yards of touchdowns did McNabb have for the game?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the game?
Which team had the longest scoring play of the first quarter?
What was the last scoring play of the game?
How many scoring plays of 42 yards occurred in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Collins throw?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which Parish has more members, the St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish or the Intercession Orthodox Parish?
How many years ago was the Intercession Orthodox Parish formed?
How many years ago was the St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish established?
How many is the difference between the total number of Russian Orthodox christians in Finland and the number of members in St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish?
How many years was it from when the St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish was established until the Intercession Orthodox Parish was formed?
What denomination is St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish?
What was established in 1927?
Which church doesn't follow the Julian calendar?
How many Orthodox Christians in Finland do not belong to the St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish?
How many years passed between the establishment of the St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish in Helsinki and the establishment of the Intercession Orthodox Parish?
Which parish was established first, St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish in Helsinki or the Intercession Orthodox Parish also in Helsinki?
What nationality is causing St. Nicholas Orthodox Parish to grow?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the longest completed field goal?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Gano make?
How many failed two point conversions did the teams combine for?
How many games had the Redskins played after the game?
Whose first quarter touchdown pass was shorter, Staffords or McNabbs?
How many first quarter yards did Gano have?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Stafford have?
How many 2 point conversions were unsuccessful?
How many touchdown passes were between 5 and 10 yards?
Whose second quarter touchdown pass was shorter?
How many touchdowns between 5 and 10 yards were there?
Which players scored on plays of 5 yards or less?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Graham Gano make?
How many yards longer was Graham Gano's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Graham Gano's longest field goal than Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the game?
How many more total field goal yards did Graham Gano make than Jason Hanson?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Matthew Stafford throw?
How many yards longer was Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass than Donovan McNabb's longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many field goals did Graham Gano make?
How many yards longer was Stafford's longest pass than his shortest pass?
Who caught Stafford's 7-yard TD pass?
Who caught Stafford's 2-yard TD pass?
What all touchdowns did Matthew Stafford make?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford’s first touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson compared to his second touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford’s first touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson compared to his third touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Brandon Pettigrew compared to his second touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Brandon Pettigrew compared to his third touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford’s second touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson compared to his third touchdown pass to Calvin Johnson?
How many yards difference was Graham Gano’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the fourth quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which teams scored the most in the third quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jon Kitna or Josh McCown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jon Kitna's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards in all did Jason Hanson kick in field goals during the game?
How many field goals did Jason hanson kick that were longer than 45-yards?
How many yards in field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
How many yards were the two longest touchdown passes in the game?
How many yards were the two shortest touchdown passes in the game?
How many successful toucdhwn passes did Jon Kitna make?
What two players successfully threw at least two touchdown passes in the game?
What team scored first int he game?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
How many years did the Mongols move south and occupy Tagaung and Hanlin?
How many years past after the first invasion by the Mongols til the end of the Pagan Empire?
How many years passed between the first and second times that the Mongols demanded tribute?
How many years went by between the first invasion and the king submitting to the Mongols?
How many years did it take for the Mongol forces to move  south and occupy down to Tagaung and Hanlin?
How many years before the king fled to Lower Burma was the first time the Mongols demanded tribute?
How many years passed between the first time the Mongols demanded tribute and their first invasion?
How many times did the Mongols demand tribute before invading?
How many years passed between the first invasion by the Mongols and the king's submission to the Mongols?
How many years did the forces move south and occupy Tagaung and Hanlin?
How many years apart did the Mongols demanded tribute?
Who did the Broncos play week 1?
How many points opened the scoreboard?
How many games had the Bengals won in Green Bay before this game?
Which team lost?
How many games has Cincinnati won in Green Bay?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the fourth quarter?
What yard line did the Bengals score from twice?
How many touchdowns did the Packer score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals of more than 40 yards were kicked?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined were the top two longest field goals?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many total yards did Carson Palmer throw for touchdowns passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Carson Palmer or Aaron Rodgers?
Which touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
How many touchdown passes longer than 5 yards did Carson Palmer throw?
How many touchdown passes between 1 and 25 yards were made?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's third touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many more touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make compared to Aaron Rodgers?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Mason Crosby kick?
How many more passing touchdowns were scored than rushing?
Who scored the longest rushing TD?
Which Cincinnati players scored touchdowns off passes?
Which players made field goals longer than 30-yards?
Which players ran in touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby score in the fourth quarter?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Carson Palmer or Aaron Rodgers?
How many total touchdowns were scored?
How many more passing touchdowns were scored than rushing?
How many years did the Black Plague last?
How many years after the Nicaeans reconquered Constantinople from the Latins did the Black Plague hit?
How many years of the black plague did it take to kill almost half of the inhabitants of Constantinople?
How many different nations did the empire have to fight off?
How many notable Byzantine successor states resulted from the Forth Crusade?
How many years did the unstable Latin state in and around Constantinople last?
Who attacked Constantinople after the Nicaeans victory there first, the Latins or the Bulgarians?
How many years did the Black Plague affect Constantinople?
How many years did it take for the Black Plague to kill half of the people of Constantinople?
Who captured Constantinople?
What was the only people to ever capture Constantinople?
How many years did the Black Plague affect the city of Constantinople?
In eleven centuries, how many times was Constantinople captured?
How many crusades did it take to capture Constantinople?
How many notable Byzantine successor states were there?
After the Nicaeans reconquered Constantinople, how many groups kept attacking Constantinople?
How many years did the Black Plague last?
How many years after the Black Plague was Constantinople depopulated to the point where it was a series of walled villages?
How many years after Constantinople was a series of walled villages did the empire become exhausted?
Which event happened first, the Bolsheviks conquering Karabakh or the creation of the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region?
How many months passed from when the Army conquered Karabakh in May 1920 to when Joseph Stalin ruled that the mountainous part of Karabakh would be part of Azerbaijan?
How many years passed from when Joseph Stalin ruled that the mountainous part of Karabakh would be part of Azerbaijan to when the Karabakh Autonomous Region was created within Azerbaijan
How many months into the year was the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region created?
How many years was the "solution"?
How many countries were apart of the "solution"?
What happened first, Joseph stalin ruled the mountainous part of Karabakh or the imperial arbiters turned were Bolsheviks?
How many years after the "solution" started was Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region?
How many percentage points of the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region represented non-Armenians?
How many percent of the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region were not Armenian?
Which team had the most points at the half?
Which kicker kicked a 40 yard field goal?
Who lost this game?
Who did the Broncos play?
Who scored first?
Which team had less points in the fourth quarter?
What was the shortest TD pass
Who scored first
How many successful field goals did Nugent kick?
Who was the player who had the shortest run that led to scoring by either team?
How many successful field goals did Prater kick?
What was the last play to score from either team?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards shorter was Mike Nugent's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Mike Nugent or Matt Prater?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many total field goal yards did Mike Nugent kick?
Which players scored at least two field goals over 30 yards?
Which player threw the third longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference are between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals longer than 34 yards did Mike Nugent kick?
Which field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many total yards did Kyle Orton throw for touchdowns?
Which players kicked field goals of longer than 25 but less than 45 yards?
How many field goals were kicked from longer than 25 but less than 45 yards?
How long were each of Mike Nugent's field goals?
How many yards longer was Barth's second field goal over his first one?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many more running plays than passing plays did the Broncos have?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most points, Dolphins or Patriots?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
how many yards did gostkowski miss?
how many yards did the patriots have?
how many yards did brady pass to edelman?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most in the first half?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns were made by Running the ball in?
How many yards difference was there between Joey Galloway's two passes in the second quarter?
How many yards did both of Joey Galloway's passes in the second quarter add up to?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest TD pass?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did New Orleans score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Jeff Garcia throw in the second quarter?
How many total yards did Jeff Garcia throw for touchdowns?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Jeff Garcia's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many points did the Texans lead by at the final?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
Who did the Patriots defeat last week?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns, Manning or Brady?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many passes did Edelman receive?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total interceptions were thrown?
How many yards did the leading passer throw for?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
PSA provides what?
PSA facilitates research initiatives what?
where 21st Congress was held?
Which event happened first, the 21st Congress or the 11th Inter-Congress?
How many days will the next Congress taking place at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center in 2011 be held?
How many years were there between the 21st Congress and the 11th Inter-Congress?
What happened first: the 21st Congress or the 11th Inter-Congress?
What happened second: the 21st Congress or the 11th Inter-Congress?
How many years between the 21st Congress and the 11th Inter-Congress?
How many days will the next congress being held at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center last?
What is the official journal of the PSA focused on?
When is the 2011 Congress?
How many days will the next Congress at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center last?
How many days is the next Congress being held at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center set to last?
Which meeting was held first, The 21st Congress or the 11th Inter-Congress?
What year will the next Congress take place after the one scheduled in 2011?
How many days did the Congress at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Center last?
How many more wins did the Cardinals have at the end of the game compared to losses?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which team was the away team?
Which team scored three touchdowns in a row?
How many field goals did Brown get?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals make?
Who scored a touchdown in the first quarter?
What team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many road games had the Cardinals won during the season coming in to the game with the Rams?
How many touchdown passes did Kurt Warner throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score in the second quarter?
How many quarters of the game did Warner play?
How many field goals did the Rams score?
How many quarters were played before Gibson had to leave the game?
How many points did they win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns win the game by?
How many yards long was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many "perfect" games did Roethlisberger get in his career?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many years  did the Smolensk War last?
Who did Wladyslaw give the throne to?
What happened first Mikhail Shein surrendered or Treaty of Polyanovka?
Which happened first Truce of Deulino, or Władysław refusing to relinquich the throne?
How many years after the Truce of Deulino expired did Mikhail Shein surrender to Władysław IV?
How many different war were there?
Which wars took place?
What month did Russia accept the treaty?
What did Sigismund fail at?
How many things did Sigismund fail at?
What did Sigismund not fail at?
Who had the most people?
What ended the first war?
What happened first, the Truce of Deulino or the Treaty of Polyanovka?
Which war happened first?
How many years did the Truce last?
Who did relinquish his claim to the Russian throne?
What happened first, the Truce of Deulino or the Smolensk War?
How many years after the signing of the Truce of Deulino did Mikhail Shein surrender to Władysław IV?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many years after the repeal of the Corn Laws was the first free trade agreement signed?
What US President adopted free trade principles?
What treaty led to the opening of Chinese ports to other countries?
Which was signed first, the Treaty of Nanking, or the Cobden-Chevalier Treaty?
What happened first, the Treaty of Nanking, or the Corn Laws?
Which treaty came first, the Treaty of Nanking or the Cobden-Chevalier Treaty?
Which happened first, the repeal of the Corn Laws or the Treaty of Nanking?
Which happened first, the repeal of the Corn Laws or China opening five ports to world trade?
How many countries signed the Cobden-Chevalier Treaty?
How many years after China's opening of 5 treaty ports did the British repeal the Corn Laws?
How many years after China's decision to open 5 treaty ports to world trade did Britain and France sign a free trade agreement?
What was the impetus for a series of free trade agreements in Europe?
Which team did the Jets lose to in week 6?
How many quarters did Edwards play?
How many points did the Panthers get on the board with?
Which team won this game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
Which player scored a safety?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How long was the longest field goal?
Whose stadium did this game take place in?
Who was winning in the second quarter?
Josh Morgan received a pass from who?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more touchdowns did Cassel throw than Smith?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the difference between the first and second fiald goals?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many more touchdown passes did Cassel throw than Smith?
How many more touchdown passes than runs were there in the game?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were there in the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards were each of the field goals in the game?
What happened first: the first attack at Old Point or the Battle of Quebec?
What happened second: the first attack at Old Point or the Battle of Quebec?
How many people  did the soldiers attack in Father Rale War, killing 26 warriors and wounding 14?
How many times did the British troops attack the Old Point village?
What happened second,  Father Sebastion appointed missionary or he escaped into the woods?
What did they name the town first, Norridgewock Falls or Bernardstown?
How many people were killed and wounded in the village's attack?
What happened second: land would be surveyed or it was then officially incorporated?
How many different things did the factories produced?
How many years passed between the first attack on the village at Old Point and the second?
How many more warriors died than were wounded at the village on August 23, 1724?
How many more survivors left the village than were wounded?
Which happened first, the British attack on the village in 1705 or the attack on the village that killed 26?
What was the last score of the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tony Romo have?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys score?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many three game losing streams has Jason Garrett experienced?
How many interceptions did Brandon Weeden throw?
How many games has the Patriot lost this season?
Which team allowed five sacks?
Which team was held the Cowboys to two field goals all game?
Who knocked Drew Stanton out of the game?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many points did the Cardinals get on the board with?
How many wins did the Broncos have over the Cardinals before this game?
Which team lost this game?
Which player scored the most points?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Where are the Cardinals from?
How many field goals did Catanzaro kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Catanzaro kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Catanzaro kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Brandon McManus kick in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw in total?
What all field goals did Chandler Catanzaro make?
How many total yards did Chandler Catanzaro kick for field goals?
What all field goals did Brandon McManus make?
How many total yards did Brandon McManus kick for field goals?
What all touchdowns did Peyton Manning make?
How many more yards for touchdown passes did Demaryius Thomas catch than Julius Thomas?
How many more yards for touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw during the second half than the first half?
Which two players caught 2 touchdowns for the Broncos?
How many total yards were the touchdowns by Andre Ellington?
Which kicker only made field goals that were for 40 yards or more?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning have before the third quarter?
Which QB had the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many more total yards did Drew Stanton throw for than Peyton Manning after the second quarter?
Which running back had the most touchdowns?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Who caught both Cardinal touchdown passes?
What is the Bills record after the loss?
How long was James touchdown run?
Which player threw more touchdown passes?
In what quarter did both teams score two touchdowns?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Which team scored the most in the first two quarters?
How many touchdowns did Cardinals make before halftime?
How many field goals did Cardinals make before halftime?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the fourth quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass in the first quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal Rackers kicked?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards did Antonio Brown gain on his first two touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was Antonio Brown's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards longer was David Akers' first field goal relative to Shaun Suisham's first field goal?
How many yards were gained on Shaun Suisham's first field goal when combined with David Akers' first field goal?
How many yards longer was Calvin Johnson's longest touchdown when compared to the longest field goal?
How many field goals measuring longer than 30 yards were converted?
Which kicker made the longest field goal of the game?
Which quarterback had the longest passing touchdown of the game?
Which player scored a passing touchdown measuring longer than 75-yards long?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
How many points did both teams combine for at the end of the game?
How many years worth of data about the depletion of the population in County Wexford did professor Louis Cullen examine?
How many of the 50,000 people counted in the death toll were military and loyalist civilians combined?
How many years did professor Louis Cullen examine the depletion of the population in the County Wexford?
WHo had more deaths on the island, military or loyalist civilians?
Who lost more lives, military, or loyalist citizens?
Which indicated more British soliers killed, the list compiled for a fund to aid families, or the list compiled by Louis Cullen for County Wexford?
Who claimed that the United Irishmen had been fighting for "Faith and Fatherland"?
How many more people died in the lowest contemporary estimates than the estimate by Thomas Bartlett?
How many succesful field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many yards was the longest succesful field goal?
Which kicker kicked the most field goals?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were kicked?
How many field goals shorter than 40 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which quarterback threw a longer touchdown pass in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Which team scored first?
Which teams first touchdown pass was longer?
Which team kicked the longer field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which Panther players scored touchdown runs?
How many total yards did the Panthers have on touchdown runs?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How short was the shortest touchdown run?
Who scored on the longest touchdown play?
How many succesful field goals were made in this game?
how many yards did joe flacco complete?
how many yards did jason wright close with?
How many points did the Ravens score on their first drive?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Ravens lead by at half time?
How many points did the Ravens score in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored less times during the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first half/
During which quarter was the longest touchdown pass thrown?
Which team kicked more field goals?
Which team did the Raiders beat in week 8?
Which team scored first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
How many total combined yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total combined yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many more total field goal yards did Matt Stover make than Phil Dawson?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than Matt Stover's longest field goal?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Joe Flacco make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Derek Anderson make?
Which two players threw touchdown passes of exactly 28 yards?
How many yards longer was Joe Flacco's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which kicker made the most field goals?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards in field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
What was the second scoring play of the game?
What gave the Cardinals the lead in the first quarter?
How many of Rackers' 4 field goal attempts were successful?
How many yards longer was Nedney's longest field goal than Rackers' longest field goal?
Which player had more than one TD run?
Which team had a ten game losing streak?
Which team was in the lead with a 22 yard fireld goal?
Did Rams or Seahawks improve?
Who made a field goal after Josh Brown?
What was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Rams score in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game than the second longest field goal of the game?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Brown's longest field goal than Mare's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Bradford complete?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Whose touchdown catch was more yards: Gibson or Darby?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Josh Brown kick?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards difference is between the longest field goal and the longest touchdown pass?
Which players made at least one field goal?
Which field goals did Josh Brown make?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Olindo Mare?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players caught touchdown passes of at least 15 yards?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many 15+ yard TD passes did Bradford throw?
How many yards longer was Sam Bradford's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Olindo Mare?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did Steelers score in the second quarter?
How many points did Redskins score in the third quarter?
Which team didn't score any point in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham boot?
How many points did Redskins score in the second half?
How many 48-yard field goals were kicked?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals did the Steelers make in the first half?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
Which team kicked fewer field goals?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Holt and the yards of the TD pass to Bruce?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Holt and the yards of the TD pass to McMichael?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Holt and the yards of the field goal by Anderson?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Holt and the yards of the TD pass to Jenkins?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Holt and the yards of the TD run by Jackson?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the longest TD of the game?
How many TD passes did Frerotte throw?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
How many TD passes did Redman throw in the second half?
how many yards did frerotte complete?
how many yards did frerotte complete to isaac bruce?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Gus Frerotte throw in the first quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Gus Frerotte's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference exists between Gus Frerotte's longest and shortest touchdown pass?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Gus Frerotte?
How many touchdowns were between 5 and 15 yards?
Which players scored on touchdowns of less than 6 yards?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared with the second longest?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards, Frerotte or Redman?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown run compared with the longest touchdown pass?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Iroquois attacking the Neutral Nation, or them having completely driven the tribe from traditional territory?
How many years were between the Iroquois attacking the Neutral Nation, and having completely driven the trade from tradiitonal territory?
What event happened first, the Iroquois having almost completely destryoed the Erie confederacy, or The Iroquois attacking the Neutral Nation?
How many years did it take for the Iroquois to drive the Neutral Nation from traditional territory?
How many years passed from the Iroquois arrack on the Neutral Nation to their attack on the Erie?
Who was the Iroquois most successful in attacking?
How many years did it take for the Iroquois to destroy the Erie?
How many years after the Iroquois attacked the Neutral Nation did they completely drive the tribe from their traditional territory?
How many years after the Iroquois attack the Neutral Nation did they attack Erie?
Which tribe had more members, Iroquois or the Erie?
How many years did it take for the Iroquois to drive the Neutral Nation from their traditional territory?
How many years passed between the Iroquois attacking the Erie and the near destruction of the Erie confederacy?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest fg?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team was leading at half time?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team led the game at halftime?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which team is 0-10 after the game?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles score?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
In quich quarter did the Eagles score their first touchdown?
How many fine stone churches are included in the city of Taunton?
Which happened first, the building of the Joseph Willis House or the building of the Superior Courthouse?
How many years did it take to build the historic commercial blocks?
What was the year that the earliest commercial building was built in Taunton?
What is the most common building type of the homes in the city?
What is the address of the Central Fire Station?
How many churches are mentioned as being significant in the city?
How many streets does Taunton have historic commercial blocks built along?
How many years passed as the Downtown Taunton historical commercial districts were built?
Which building is older, the Superior Courthouse or the Joesph Willis House?
How many years old was the Superior Courthouse when it was added to the National Register of Historic Places?
The architecture in Taunton is from what range of time periods?
What structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978?
How many years was the historical buildings built 1840-1920?
What year did the PowerBook model come out that was upgradable to a PowerPC processor?
What processor did the original PowerBook use?
How many new PowerBooks were there in 1992?
How many models of the new PowerBook had video output?
How many of the PowerBooks had a color screen by 1993?
How many Powerbooks replaced the original Powerbooks?
How many powerbooks used the Integrated Drive Electronics-based logic-board architecture?
How many of the three 100-series did not have video output?
Who played NYU in their first game played at Yankee Stadium on Thanksgiving?
How many of the seven games NUY played at Yankee Stadium did they win?
How many of the seven games NYU played at Yankee Stadium did they lose?
Who played in the last game on Thanksgiving at Yankee Stadium?
Which team did NYU beat the most at Yankee Stadium on Thanksgiving?
How many more points did Syracuse score than Notre Dame?
How many more points did Notre Dame score over Syracuse in 1961?
How many times did NYU play Carnegie Tech at Yankee Stadium on Thanksgiving?
How many games did NYU not play on Thanksgiving?
How many points did Oregon State beat NYU by during the first game?
How many times did NYU lose to Fordham after defeated them in 1936?
Which did NYU defeat less times, CarnegieTech or Fordham?
Before being defeated by Syracuse, when did Notre Dame beat them by 2 points?
How many points did Oregon Sate beat NYU by during the Thanksgiving Day game?
How many years in a row did NYU beat Carnegie Tech?
Which teams were beat two years in a row?
How many years after NYU was first defeated by Fordham did it finally defeat them?
How many points was Notre Drame defeated by in 1963?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team won the game, Seahawks or Jets?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points did the Seahawks have at halftime?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many more yards was Olino Mare's second field goal over his first?
How many field goals did Mare kick in the second half?
How many more scores were made the second half than the first?
How many total field goal yards were made after the first half?
How many total field goal yards were kicked in the game?
Which player scored the most points in field goals?
Which players in the game were field goal kickers?
How many yards longer was Mare's longest field goal kick than his shortest?
At the end of this game, how many games had the Seahawks lost throughout the season?
How many total yards of field goals did Olindo Mare make in the second half?
When did Spain regain Naples?
How many years after the Anglo-French Treaty did the Anglo-Spanish War begin?
How many years after failing to capture Naples and Sicily did Spain finally succeed in capturing them?
How many years did it take for Spain to regain Menorca, after losing it in 1716?
How many regions did Spain recapture after their finances were strengthened and they recovered?
What event happened second, the Anglo-French Treaty or the Angelo-Spanish War?
How many years after France accepted the Protestant succession was support ended for the Stuarts by the terms of the Anglo-French treaty?
Which happened first, the Anglo-French Treaty or the Anglo-Spanish War?
How many years after British Naval power prevented the capture of Naples and Sicily was Menorca regained?
What was a significant milestone in the development of the nation state?
What was a significant milestone in the concept of collective security?
Which country was the largest naval power after the war?
Which country ceded their Italian possessions to Austria?
What was the first team to score in the game?
Who caught a pass on a flea flicker play?
What set up Mike Nugent's successful 38-yard field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Jeff Reed or Mike Nugent ?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored first in the game, Matte Forte or Ronde Barber?
How many touchdowns did Matt Forte score?
How many safetys was Forte tackled for?
How many points did Ronde Barber score?
how many yards did Forte score?
HOw many yards did Williams get for the TD?
how many yards did Barber run?
How long was the first touchdown of the game?
Who is the Raiders field goal kicker?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored more points in the first half, Raiders or Chargers?
How many points did the Chargers get on their first possession?
Which player threw the first TD pass to Crabtree?
What were the distances of Melvin Gordon's touchdowns?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Chargers score?
How many passing touchdowns did the Chargers throw in the 4th quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Oakland lead by at halftime?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 20 yards?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second?
How many catches did jennings have?
How many catches did Randall Cobb have?
How many catches did Jimmy Graham have?
How many touchdowns did Kuhn have?
How many catches did Meachem have?
How many touchdowns did Starks have?
What was formed as a reaction to 9/11?
What is the largest Cabinet department?
Approximately how many years has the Department of Homeland Security existed?
Which is the Department of Homeland Security most like?
How many departments does The United States Department of Homeland Security watch over?
Who is the currently the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security?
In which year was the GDP for Afghan higher, 1981 or 1978?
Which employed a larger labor force, agriculture or industry?
What accounted least for the GDP, agriculture, industry or service sector?
Between 1978 and 1981, how many billion Afghan afghanis did the GDP drop?
How many afghanis did the GNP per capita decrease between 1978 and 1981?
How many percent of the GDP in 1981 did not come from agriculture?
How many percent of the labor force did not work in agriculture in 1982?
In 1982, how many percent of the GDP was not made up from agriculture or industry?
In 1982, how many percent of the labor force was not in industry?
How many percent of the GDP in 1981 did the service industry not account for?
What caused the GNP to fall under Karmal?
How many billion dollars did the GNP fall between 1978 and 1981?
How many thousands of dollars did the GNP per capita decrease between 1978 and 1981?
How many percentages higher was the population that worked in agriculture in 1981 versus 1982?
Did more people work in agriculture in 1981 or 1982?
What sector accounted for more of the labour force, service or industry?
What sector accounted for more of the GDP, agriculture or service?
How many billion did the Afghan GDP drop from 1978 to 1981?
Which year was the GNP per capita higher, 1978 or 1981?
How many millions did the aid package increase between 2006 and 2009?
How many more millions of dollars did the U.S. pledge to support Yemen in 2009 than in 2006?
How many millions of dollars total does the U.S. pledge to Yemen in current support costs?
Between the U.S. and Yemen, who has more military resources and support?
How many millions of dollars was the difference of the Yemeni military aid package compared with 2009 and 2006?
How many in millions is the difference in development money and the 2009 money?
How many in millions is the difference in the development money and the 2006 money?
How many millions of dollars, approximately, did the U.S. increase their military aid package from 2006 to 2009.
How many millions of dollars did the US military aid package increase in Yemen from 2006 to 2009?
How many million dollars in total did the US give Yemen in 2009?
How many more millions did the U.S increased their military aid package in 2009 compared to 2006?
How many at a minimum millions of dollars more did Yemen receive from the U.S. in 2009 than 2006?
How many minimum in millions more was military aid package to Yemen increased by on 2006 through 2009?
How does 151 civilian dead?
After which year Łódź was not a peaceful city?
For how many years it was labeled as "the most extreme, terrorist group in the history of Poland'?
How much civilians wounded according to official report?
What is the difference in how many official and unofficial civilian deaths?
What years did strikes in Lodz continue?
How many people killed Kunitzer?
Were there more wounded or dead among civilians according to official reports?
What happened first, the assassination of Juliusz Karol Kunitzer, or the strikes in Łódź?
How many years was Rewolucyjni Mściciele active in Łódź?
How many year time span was Łódź the site of a radical, anarchist and socialist gorup Rewolucyjni Mściciele labeled as "the most extreme, terrorist group in the history of Poland"?
How many years after two PPS activists would assassinate Juliusz Karol Kunitzer would the strikes end because of a large Russian military presence?
How many people were dead and wounded total, officially?
How many persons were assassinated in 1905?
How many years did the unrest in Poland last?
For how many years was Lodz the site for a terrorist group?
According to official reports, were more people killed or wounded?
For how many years were there strikes in Lodz?
How many years was the time span where Łódź was the site of a radical, anarchist and socialist group Rewolucyjni Mściciele?
How many years after the strikes ended in Łódź, did it become the site for a radical, anarchist and socialist group Rewolucyjni Mściciele?
How many territories were merged into the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland?
The Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland was formed over how many years?
How many years went by during which the Irish and English Catholics could not buy valuable interests in land?
What returned land to owners in 1662?
Which occurred first,  the Stuart Restoration or the Act of Settlement?
How many years after the Stuart Restoration was  the Papists Act?
How many years did the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland last?
What happened first, the Stuart Restoration or the Act of Settlement?
How many years after the Stuart Restoration did the Act of Settlement take place?
How many years after the Act of Settlement did the Papists Act happen?
What happened first, the Act of Settlement or the Papists Act?
How many years did the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland take?
After getting some of their land returned in 1662, how many years was it before Irish Catholics could legally buy valuable interests in land again?
How many rushing yards did Johnson have?
How many points did the Chiefs score?
How many more points did the Chief's offence score in this game compared to their first three games combined?
How many more touchdowns did Larry Johnson score when compared to Tony Gonzalez?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
What was the score at halftime?
How many touchdowns did Morris run?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many times did the Bengals punt in the second quarter?
How many interceptions were there in the second quarter?
How many field goals Graham kick in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was Big Ben's pass to Weslye Saunders?
What was able to save the win for the Steelers'?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did Succop kick?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who kicked two field goals in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals did Ryan Succop make?
From which yard line did Succop and Suisham kick a field goal?
How many more yards was Ryan Succop first field goal over Shaun Suisham?
Who kicked the second most field goals?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
From what yard line did both teams kick a field goal?
What are all the field goals made over 35 yards?
What players had field goals over 40 yards in the first half?
How many total did Peter gather in 22,000 infantry, 9,000 dragoons and 70,000 Cossacks?
How many years did they spend mapping out the Caspian Sea?
How many years time span did several Russian Sailors map the Caspian Sea?
How many men total men did Peter gather between infantry, dragoons, Cossacks, Taters and Kalmyks?
Which were there more of, infantry, dragoons or Cossacks, Tatars and Kalmyks?
Which group gathered by Peter was the lowest in numbers participating in the army?
How many groups in Peter's army had a total of more than 20000 members?
About how many fighters did Peter have in his army?
How many years ago was Peter's manifesto issued?
Did Peter gather more infantry or dragoons?
How many more infantry did Peter gather than dragoons?
How many more Cossacks, Tatars, and Kalmyks were gathered than infantry?
At the end of the game how many more wins did the  49ers have compared to losses?
How many interceptions did Patrick Willis have?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
Which team scored the only points of the first half?
How many touchdowns did Shaun Hill throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which quarterback had the most touchdowns?
Who caught the first touchdown for the Cardinals?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Which team had more TD passes?
What was the shortest TD run
What was the second shortest TD run
how many yards did jones run?
how many yards did succop get?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Thomas Jones' second TD run than his first?
Which player kicked a field goal longer than 25 yards?
How many points did the Patriots score all game?
How many field goals did Folk make?
Which team lost this game?
How many quarters did Gronkowski play?
Who scored more points to win the game?
How many is the difference between the amount in rounds of small arms ammunition found by the first patrol and the other patrols?
How many days did a raiding force from Sollum and Italian cars from Bardia, a party from the Camel Corps and an Italian yacht, Misurat attack a party of about forty for?
How many days did the Italian army post two battalions at Bardia to co-operate?
How many total rounds were uncovered?
Who remained in Sollum?
Which units raided the ammunition dump at Moraisa?
How many more rounds of ammunition were discovered in addition to the round destroyed on the raid at Moraisa?
Who was involved in the attack at Wadi Sanal?
When did the change in the belief begin?
During the early 1920s, who sat at the head of government?
Which year did the KMT no longer have control of all five branches of government?
How many people served a twelve year sentence?
Who was Liu Xianobo an activist of?
How many years passed between Liu Xiaobo receiving the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize and the crackdown against peaceful Chinese jasmine protests?
How many years passed between Sun Yat-sen creating China's first republic and the crackdown against Chinese jasmine protests?
How many years after he was credited as founding China's first republic did Sun Yat-sen die?
Until what year did the KMT control all five branches of the China's First Republic government?
Who spent 12 years in prison and also died in prison, Qin Yongmin or Liu Xiaobo?
How many republics have been founded in China?
How many reception yards did Robinson have?
How many yards did Herremans run?
How many yards was the first play?
How many points did Reggie Brown score?
How many catches did Koren Robinson have?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many touchdowns did Brown have?
How many yards difference were there between the longest reception and the shortest?
How many passing yards did Donovan McNabb to receivers not named Brent Celek?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
How many touchdowns were there in total?
How many points did Philadelphia win the game by?
How many internees did not die in camps?
How many years did these events span?
How many doctors were at the camps of Soluch and Sisi Ahmed el Magrun?
About how many people survived the camps?
How many internees didn't die in the camps?
What happened first: 12,000 Cyrenaicans were executed or the concentration camps closed?
What happened second: 12,000 Cyrenaicans were executed or the concentration camps closed?
How many people lived in Cyrenaica in 1931 before the Bedouins were removed?
How many internees survived through the closing of the camps in September, 1933?
How many internees in all lived in Soluch and Sisi Ahmed el Magrun camps?
What proportion of the population was forced to migrate?
How many square kilometers was the camps areas?
How many doctors did the camps of Soluch and Sisi Ahmed el Magrun have?
How many people were still alive by September 1933?
How many internees were held in the camps of Soluch and Sisis Ahmed el Magrun combined?
How many internees were still alive when the camps closed in September 1933?
How many yards further was Robbie Gould's longest field goal compared to Ryan Longwell's?
How many field goals over 40 yards were completed?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals were converted between both kickers combined?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the last touchdown?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
Who had the longest yard touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which quarter did both teams score two touchdowns?
How long was the longest touchdown play?
Which player threw a touchdown in the third quarter?
How many points did the Jags score after halftime?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns scored were shorter than 10 yards long?
How many total yards were scored on touchdowns measuring longer than 30 yards long?
How many total yards were scored on touchdowns measuring less than 15 yards long?
How many more total yards were scored on touchdowns longer than 30 yards when compared to touchdown yardage of those shorter than 15 yards?
How many yards long was the average passing touchdown when all are taken into account?
How many yards long was the average rushing touchdown when all are taken into account?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How long were each of the touchdowns in the second half?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first half than the second half?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were scored?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Blaine Gabbert in the second quarter?
In which quarter did quarterbacks from each team both have two touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Were there more touchdowns scored in the first half or second half?
In which quarter was the longest touchdown scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the second quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
how many yards did Balls penalty punt go?
How many touchdowns of 80 yards or more did the Bears score?
How many extra points and field goals did the Colts miss?
How many scoring possessions were there in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns were there?
Who had an 8 yard touchdown run?
How many points did the Titans lose by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Jaguars score?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes under 5 yards were completed?
How many points was the differential between the winning and losing team?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
How many points did both teams score in the third quarter combined?
When did Lee served?
When did law criticized?
How many years did it take for the Speaker Ban Law to be reviewed by the North Carolina General Assembly?
How many years did it take to officially get the Speaker Ban Law struck down?
In what year did Chapel Hill fully integrate its schools?
How many total years did Howard Lee serve as Mayor?
In which year did the schools around Chapel Hill become fully integrated?
How many years did Lee serve for?
Whose army ambushed the Ottoman army?
What people of Rumelia, Diyarbakır and Van were among thousands who lost their lives?
How many soldiers waited to ambush the Ottomans?
How many Iranians fought against the Ottomans?
what was the plan of the ottoman
What was the trap?
Who evacuated Tabriz?
What was demanded of the Shah?
How many demands were made to the Shah?
Who had more men, the Ottoman or Khan?
How many more Ottoman army men were there than Khan's?
Where were the 40000 men hiding?
How many loads of silk were demanded in the treaty of Nasuh?
who did the cowboys lose to?
how was the first quarter?
who won the game?
which city was the cowboys from?
How long was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Suisham make?
How many more Test wickets did Brian Statham have relative to Fred Trueman?
How many Test wickets did Brian Statham and Fred Trueman have combined?
Who won the prior game, between the Packers and the Cowboys?
How many yards longer was Suisham's first field goal kick than his second?
Which team scored the only touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have before Dallas had their first score?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham have that were for 40 yards or more?
Which team had the most field goals?
Which team missed three field goals?
How many points did Tampa lose by?
How many interceptions were in the game?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many more missed field goals did Kyle Brindza have than successful ones?
How many total field goals did Kyle Brindza attempt?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points did Tampa Bay lose by?
How many years after Tērvete castle was conquered was Heiligenberg castle built?
How many hillforts were conquered by the Order Cuno of Haciginstein?
How many years did the conquest of Semigallian counties last?
What year was the Battle of Garoza?
When was the next to last campaign against the Semigallians?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns occurred in the 2nd half?
Which player scored the first TD?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
Who occupied a number of towns in Gansu along with Milayin?
Which happened first,  the surrender by Meng Qiaofang to the Qing or the deaths of Milayin and Ding Guodong?
How many Muslim leaders fought agains the Qing?
How many years did Milayin and Ding Guodong fight before being killed?
How many years did the Muslim revolts started by Milayin last?
How many people did the Monguors fight against?
What happened first, they joined the Qing side or they had surrendered to the Qing?
How many years passed since they had surrendered to the Qing to whenLi's forces joined Qing?
what Muslims revolted against Qing?
What did the Muslims want
How many years after their deaths were the rebels crushed?
what happened after the Muslim leaders were captured?
How many rebel Muslims allied to Li Zicheng and the shun Dynasty?
How many years were Milayin and Ding Guodong fighting prior to being killed?
which happened first Irish free state or parliament Of great Britain?
What were the three acts?
How many years have passed between the government of Ireland act and the creation of the new supreme court of the United Kingdom?
How many years have passed between the Irish independence and the life Peerage Act?
How many years after the Irish Free State became independent did parliament get renamed to the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
How many years after the Life Peerages Act did the House of Lords Act remove the automatic right of hereditary peers to sit in the Upper House?
How many years after the abolition of the judicial functions of the House of Lords was the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom created?
How many years after funds were allocated to build the first German battlecruiser  did building commence?
How many knots faster could the battlecruiser travel than the light cruisers?
How many years did it take to produce four light cruisers?
How many years passed when four ships were produced at 4400 tons and 8 million marks?
How many millions did the 3,300 ton ship cost?
Which running back threw a touchdown pass in the second quarter?
Who is the Vikings Head Coach?
Which team does Joe Gibbs coach for?
How long were Todd Collins's two longest passes?
How long were each of Tavaris Jackson's touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Tavaris Jackson gain on his rushing touchdowns?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Washington win by?
How many points did the Packers score in the first half?
How many points did the Vikings get in this game?
How many losses did the Vikings have at the start of this game?
How many games did the Packers beat the Vikings this season?
How many points did Packers score in the second half?
How many field goals were scored after the half time?
How many touchdowns did Packers socre in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the entire game?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's second longest field goal of the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Ruvell Martin score?
How many points did the Packers score in the second half?
How many points were scored in the game total?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points did the Vikings score?
Who got the 30-yard field goal?
Who returned a fumble 23 yards for touchdown?
How many yard got the kicker Jason Elam?
How many point was the worst home Denver's lost?
Which date was the Kansas City Chiefs lost?
How many yard was San Diego ended?
In which quarter Denver continued to get pounded?
In which quarter Denver trailed as Chargers QB Philip Rivers?
Who was the kicker who continued the Chargers?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which team scored last?
How many more field goals did Kaeding make than Elam?
Which player scored the third longest touchdown?
How many years did these events span?
What happened first, an uprising in Teutonic-held Samogitia or truce between Samogitia and Poland?
How many months did it pass from the uprising in Samogita till the truce was signed?
How many months was the truce set for?
How many months after the May 1409 uprising did von Jungingen declare war on Poland?
How many months after war broke out was a truce signed?
How many months was the truce supposed to last?
Who bribed local governments in order to obtain favor?
How many months did it take before war was declared once the uprising in Samogitia started?
Which event happened first, the Knights captured Bobrowniki or the Samogitians attacked Memel?
How many months was the first truce set for?
How many years into the 1400's did the uprising in Teutonic-held Samogitia start?
What did Lithuania support?
What did the Knights threaten
Which country supported Lithuania?
How many months into the year did the ing declare war?
Which countries were invaded first?
How many days did the siege last?
What did the Samogitians  do
How many months into the war was the truce signed?
How many months was the truce set to expire?
How many months was the truce?
How many countries did the Knights hope to defeat separately?
How many continuous losing seasons have the Redskins had since their last Super Bowl appearance?
How many wins did the Raiders have after this game?
How many loses did the Raiders have after this game?
How many points did the Broncos win by?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
What was the longest touchdown?
how many yards did knowshon moreno run for first touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by after the first half?
How many yards did Bradford throw for a touchdown?
How many yards was Kassy's field goal?
How many cities have international airports?
How many of the main 74 airports cannot accommodate jet aircrafts?
How many of the 74 main airports cannot accommodate jet aircraft?
How many of Columbia's airports do not have paved runways?
How many cities have international airports?
How many airports in Colombia do not have paved runways?
How many airports do not have heliports?
How many airports in Colombia are not considered main airports?
Of the main airports in Colombia, how many cannot accomodate jet aircraft?
How many main airports in Colombia are shorter than 3,047 meters in length?
How many cities in Colombia have international airports?
How many airports in Latin America have larger passenger numbers than El Dorado International Airport?
How many of the airports cannot acommodate jet aircraft?
How many airports are more than 3,047 meters in length?
How many airports are 2,438–3,047 meters long?
How many airports shorter than 3,047 meters are there in Colombia?
How many airports shorter than 2,438 meters are there in Colombia?
How many airports shorter than 1.524 meters are there in Colombia?
How many airports longer than 1,523 meters are there in Colombia?
How many airports longer than 3,047 meters are there in Colombia?
How many airports longer than 2,437 meters are there in Colombia?
How many Colombian cities have international airports?
How many of Colombia's airports are shorter than 3,047 meters?
What was occuring with airports after the governement sold them?
Besides airports, what other air transportation does Colombia offer?
How many out of the 984 airports don't have paved runways?
How many airports with paved runways are longer than 2438 meters or longer?
How many of the 74 main airports cannot accommodate jet aircraft?
How many of the main airports could not accommodate jet aircraft?
How many airports have runways that are less than 3047 meters in length?
How many cities have international airports?
Which Bronco had two receiving touchdowns?
How many field goals did Elam kick?
How many touchdowns did Cutler throw?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Who made a 21-yard TD pass?
Who managed to get their sixth-straight loss?
Who had their longest losing streak?
Which quarterback threw a longer touchdown pass in the first half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's touchdown pass in the first half compared to Brodie Croyle's touchdown pass?
Which Broncos' receiver had the most passing touchdowns?
In which two quarters did Jason Elam kick a field goal?
How many more touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw in the third quarter compared to the first?
How many field goals under 37-yards did Jason Elam kick?
How many touchdown passes over 10-yards did Jay Cutler throw?
How many touchdown passes under 10-yards did Jay Cutler throw?
How many different Broncos' players scored a passing touchdown?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Brandon Marshall's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes longer than 2 yards did Jay Cutler throw?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass, Jay Cutler or Brodie Croyle?
How many yards did Cutler complete?
How many yards did Cutler pass to Marshall?
How many yards did Elam get?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's longest field goal of the first half compared to his shortest of the first half?
Did Mike Nugent kick more field goals in the second or third quarter?
How many yards longer was Brad Johnson's touchdown pass compared to Cedric Houston's touchdown run?
How many different Vikings quarterbacks threw a touchdown pass?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass in the first half?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
Which quarterback threw the shortest touchdown pass in the entire game?
How many touchdown passes went for 30 or more yards?
How many field goals did Nugent kick from longer than 40 yards?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
Which players completed TD passes from under 31 yards?
How many of Mike Nugent's field goals were from over 40 yards?
Within a span of how many months does almost half of the annual rainfall occur in Charleston?
What year holds the record for the coldest temperature in Charleston?
How much rainfall does Charleston have
When was the largest snowfall?
When was the lowest temperature?
What time of the season does half of the annual rainfall occur in Charleston?
How many years was there between the most recent and previous snowfall?
Hurricane Hugo happened how many days before the largest single-day fall on record in Charleston?
What happened first, Hurricane Hugo or the 104 °F record setting day?
How many years after the 104 °F record setting day was Hurricane Hugo?
On what year did the season that had the most snowfall start?
How many degrees the highest recorded temperature and lowest recorded?
How many degrees does the dew point range between in July and August?
During what season did Hurricane Hugo hit?
How many records were set between 2010 and 2018?
How many records have been set in the month of June?
Which record was set second, the highest temperature on record or the lowest?
How many more degrees is the highest temperature recorded at the airport than the one recorded on June 2, 1985?
How many years apart are the records for highest temperature?
When did the airport experience record low temperature?
How many years had passed between the last snowfall event and the one in 2018?
How many inches of snow fell at the airport on December 23, 1989?
How many inches of snow was the seasonal record?
How many degrees are there between the highest, and the lowest temperature recorded at the Airport?
Which language had less speakers, Spanish or Italian?
Which group made up more of the population, Germans or Polish?
How many more percent of people spoke English than Italian in 2000?
How many more percent of people spoke Spanish than Italian as their first language in 2000?
Were there more Italian or German residents in 2000?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Irish or Germans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Irish or Germans?
Which group from the census is larger: Irish or Polish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Irish or Polish?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Polish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Polish?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: White or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or Native American?
Which group from the census is larger: Italian or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Italian or Irish?
Were there more families or households in the county?
How many more households than families were in the county in 2000?
Which race was the most populous?
Which race had the fewest residents in the county?
Which ethnic background had the largest population?
What was the most common language spoken in the county?
Which nationality was the third highest population?
From where did Aleksandr Vasilievich Nazarenko receive his doctorates?
Who gave Nazarenko's work an award upon publication?
How many doctorates did Aleksandr Vasilievich Nazarenko gain from the university?
How many subjects did Aleksandr get a degree in?
How many disciplines does Aleksandr advocate for?
How many years after the IWW was founded was the textile workers strike?
How many members were put in jail?
How many professions made up the early members of the union?
How many years after the strike of textile workers did the Agricultural Workers Organization of the IWW claim a hundred thousand itinerant farm workers?
How many years after the "Wobblies" was founded did the IWW organize a strike of more than twenty thousand textile workers?
What Raider quarterback was hurt?
How many field goals did the Ravens have?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many points were scored total?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many more passing yards did the Ravens have relative to rushing yards?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points was the point differential between the winning and losing team?
Which player had the shortest touchdown run of the game?
How many points was Baltimore winning by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Were more points scored in the first half or second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jackson throw to Rice?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns did Peterson score
Who scored the most receiving touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Sidney Rice score?
Which player scored last in the game?
Which player had two touchdown runs in the game?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson score?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards total were the TD runs in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many points did Florence score in the first quarter?
How many touch downs did Peterson get in the first quarter?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
How many touchdown yards did Peterson have?
How many yards was Peterson's second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many points did both team make  in the first quarter?
In the second quarter how many combined yardage did Gostkowski kick in field goals right before halftime?
Who scored third quarter?
Who scored the winning touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
How many points did the Chargers score in the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Hernandez receive?
Who scored the first points of the second half?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by both teams?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass thrown?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's second field goal over his first one?
How long were each of Tom Brady's touchdown passes?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
Which players scored 10-yard touchdowns?
Which players had two touchdown receptions?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the first quarter?
How many first half field goals did Gostkowski make?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Gostkowski's second field goal compared to his first?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did each quarterback throw in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Schaub have in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many field goals did Kris Brown have in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which player scored the most points?
Which player scored the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made from 25 yards or less?
How many players threw touchdown passes?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many 24 yard field goals were made?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many games had the browns won on the road out of 15 last?
How many points for the former after the Brissett 5 yard touchdown?
How many points for the latter after the Brissett 5 yard touchdown?
How many points for the former after the 19 touchdown from Duke?
How many points for the latter after the 19 touchdown from Duke?
How many wins do the Browns have after the loss?
How many losses do the browns have after the defeat?
How many losses in a row do the Browns now have?
How many touchdowns did the Colts make in the game?
How many touchdowns did the Browns make in the game?
How many field goals did the Colts make in the game?
How many touchdowns did Brissett run for?
How many touchdowns did Brissett throw?
How many touchdowns did Frank Gore run in?
How many touchdowns was Kizer responsible for?
Kizer threw how many touchdowns during the game?
Which quarterback rushed for more touchdowns, Jacoby Brissett or DeShone Kizer?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were scored?
How many yards were each of the second half touchdowns?
How many rushing touchdowns were there before halftime?
Which player had the longest run for a touchdown before halftime?
How many more touchdowns did Jacoby Brissett run for than DeShone Kizer?
How many more points did the Browns score than the Colts after the third quarter?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Colts win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
how many yards did goul get?
how many yards did gould get the second time?
how many yards did quinn get?
how many intercepts did quinn get?
How many field goals longer than 30-yards did Robbie Gould convert?
How many total yards did Robbie Gould kick across his two longest field goals?
How many passes did Derek Anderson throw incomplete?
How many touchdowns shorter than 10-yards did Matt Forte score on
How many more losses than wins did the Browns have after this game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many losses did the Browns have after the game?
Born in 1593, how many years old was Brebeuf when he contracted tuberculosis in 1620?
How many years, 1619-1621 was Brebeuf a teacher at the college of Rouen.
How many different groups would  Brebeuf teach native American languages?
How many yeas when Brebeuf joined the Society of Jesus 1617 and nearly expelled 1620?
When did Brébeuf end his two years under the direction of Lancelot Marin?
What is tuberculosis?
How many years did he spend under direction of Lancelot Marin
How many people did he teach Native American Languages to?
How many years was Brébeuf a teacher at Rouen?
How many years after Brébeuf's birth was he ordained as a priest?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Brebeuf being born, or Brebeuf joining the society of Jesus?
What event happened first, Brebeuf being born, or Brebeuf being ordained as a priest?
What event happened first, Brebeuf joining the society of Jesus, or Brebeuf being ordained as a priest?
What event happened later, Brebeuf being ordained as a priest or Brebeuf jioning the society of Jesus?
How many years was Brebeuf a teacher for?
What event happened first, Brebeuf contracting tuberculosis, or Brebeuf being ordained as a priest?
When did Brébeuf end his scholarship under Lancelot Marin?
Where was Brébeuf when he contracted tuberculosis?
How many years old was Brébeuf when he was ordained as a priest?
How many years was Brébeuf a teacher at the college of Rouen?
How many years old was Brébeuf when he contacted tuberculosis?
How many years old was Brébeuf when he was ordained as a priest at Pontoise?
Which happened first to Brébeuf, he was ordained as a priest at Pontoise or he contracted tuberculosis?
How many years after Brébeuf joined the Society of Jesus was he ordained as a priest at Pontoise?
How many point ahead were the Giants at halftime?
Who punted
Which all players fumbled the football?
What all field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many yards difference exists between Lawrence Tynes's longest and shortest field goal?
How many more yards total did Lawrence Tynes kick for field goals than Kai Forbath?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many wins did Washington have after the game?
How many points did Tampa Bay lead by after the first quarter?
Which team scored last, Dallas or Tampa Bay?
How many field goals measured between 30-yards and 40-yards in length?
How many field goals measured between 40-yards and 50-yards in length?
How many yards did all field goals combine for?
How many yards in difference were there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which kickers kicked at least two field goals?
How many yards longer was Nick Folks second field goal than his first?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant make from the 36 yard line?
Who scored a longer field goal, Matt Bryant or Nick Folk?
What were the two longest field goals?
Which team lost to the Rams in week 7?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which player scored the last points for the Cowboys?
Which player scored the first points of the game for Dallas?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent kick?
How many points did the Browns win by?
Which players caught interceptions?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many field goal attempts were missed in the game?
Which players missed field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many total yards of field goals did Mike Nugent have?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player missed the second longest field goal?
How many years did the expedition to the Balearic Islands take?
Who by were inspired the Crusaders?
Who supported the expedition between the Republic of Pisa and Ramon Berenguer III?
When did the Muslims regain control of the Balearic Islands?
Did the Norwegians join the Crusade to the Balearic Islands?
How many years break did the expedition take
When was Sigurd's attack during?
Which occurred first, the treaty between the Republic of Pisa and Ramon Berenguer III, or the expedition to the Balearic Islands?
How many years did the expedition to the Balearic Islands last?
How many years after the conquest of the Balearics was the Pisan Liber maiolichinus completed?
What cities were the supporting lords and contingents from?
How many Italian areas did the contingents come from?
How many areas from Italy supported the expedition?
How many Crimean campaigns were there?
How many treaties did Russia sign at Karlowitz with Turkey in 1699?
How many years did the campaigns last?
Which event happened first, Treaty of Karlowitz or Treaty of Constantinople?
Which campaign came after, Crimean campaign or Azov campaigns?
Which treaty was signed first, the Treaty of Karlowitz or the Treaty of Constantinople?
How many years after the signage of the Treaty of Karlowitz was the Treaty of Constantinople signed?
Which was signed first, Treaty of Constantinople or Treaty of Karlowitz?
Who signed the Treaty of Karlowitz?
Russia joined the European Holy League how many years before the Treaty of Constantinople?
How many Crimean campaigns were there between 1687 and 1689?
How many years after Russia joined the European Holy League was the Treaty of Karlowitz?
What treaty was first, the Treaty of Karlowitz or the Treaty of Constantinople?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did Green bay score in the 3rd quarter?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards were made?
How many passes did Aaron Rodgers complete?
How many total TD passes were thrown?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who caught the longer touchdown pass Green or Kroft?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were scored the first quarter?
How many points did the Browns gain in the 4th quarter?
How many times did Dalton pass to Kroft?
How many of Dalton's passes were from more than 3 yards?
Who caused the score to be 24-0?
Why did the USA end its occupation of Nicaragua?
What event from 1912 to 1933 was motivated by the US desire to prevent other nations from building a Nicaraguan Canal?
How many years did the American occupation of Nicaragua last?
What event in Nicaragua was triggered by economic decline and the costs of war?
How many years  did the US occupy Nicaragua?
US military forcefully intervened in various Latin American countries for how many years?
The Bryan-Chamorro Treaty was how many years before a US withdrawal was ordered?
The forum occupation of Nicaragua was how many years before the Bryan-Chamorro Treaty?
What event happened first, the Bryan-Chamorro Treaty or The US withdrawal?
In what year was both the US occupation of Nicaragua and the Bryan-Chamorro Treaty?
How many years did the US occupy Nicaragua?
Nicaragua assumed a quasi-protectorate status how many years after the start of the US occupation?
How many years did the United States occupation of Nicaragua last?
How many years did the US military forcefully intervened in various Latin American countries?
What happened first: Bryan-Chamorro Treaty or U.S. troops were withdrawn?
What happened second: Bryan-Chamorro Treaty or U.S. troops were withdrawn?
Which happened last, the formal occupation or the Bryan-Chamorro Treaty?
How many years longer were the Banana Wars than the occupation of Nicaragua?
How many years did the United States occupy Nicaragua?
Over how many years did the United States forcefully intervene in various Latin American countries?
What year did Nicaragua become formally protected by the United States?
How many years was the United States occupation of Nicaragua during the Banana Wars?
How many years after the United States began occupation of Nicaragua was the Bryan-Chamorro Treaty put in place?
Whose troops fought back against the U.S. troops?
Which was a shorter time span, the United States occupation of Nicaragua or the US military forcefully intervening in various Latin American countries?
How many years difference was the amount of the the United States occupied Nicaragua compared to the time the US military forcefully intervened in various Latin American countries?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams in total in the second half?
How many points did the Falcons score in the second half?
How many points did the Packers score in the second half?
How many points were the Packers trailing by at the half?
How many total points were scored during the game?
Which team lost this game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
Which team lost the game?
How many total points were score by then end of the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
When was the last time the Steelers did not make the playoffs?
Who lost to the Broncos?
How many more games had the Steelers lost than won?
How many years passed between the Duquesne-Guitton sailing to Madras and the Dutch launching an expedition against their French commercial rivals?
Where were Spain and England allies?
How many years passed between the Battle of Lagos and de Pointis' expedition of 1697?
How many years had passed between the Madras attack and the Dutch expedition of 1693?
How many years did it take to realize the campaigns did not deal a decisive blow?
Who overwhelmed Francois Martin?
Who had conflict of interests when it comes to merchants?
Did the interception of the Spanish fleet succeed?
How many countries took up the struggle when the European war reached Asia?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
Of the 7 touchdowns scored how many were due to running plays?
How many more passing touchdowns were there compared to running touchdowns?
How many yards did Crayton catch for touchdowns?
How many more yards was  Fasano's touchdown catch compared to Owens?
Which team did the jets play in week 12?
How many points did Crosby earn to get the Packers on the board?
How many loses did both teams have coming into this game?
How many points did the Cowboys score in the first quarter?
How many points did Green Bay at the start of the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Romo throw in the second quarter?
How many points did the Packers score in the second quarter?
Which team lost this game?
Which team beat the Jets in week 12?
How many total wins for the season did both teams come into this game with?
How many losses did the Packers have to start the game?
How many yards was Folk's shortest first quarter field goal?
Which team failed to score in the third quarter?
Which player scored the first fourth quarter points?
How many field goals were scored during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Crosby's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Which player kicked more total field goals?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player caught 2 touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20 yards were scored?
Which team has had 6 comeback victories?
What is the Lions record after the victory?
How many passes did Johnson receive?
How many touchdowns did Johnson have?
How many catches did Titus Young have?
How many touchdowns did Murphy have?
How many catches did Heyward-Bey have?
How many passes did Burlseon catch?
How many touchdowns did Curry score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored total in the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many more field goals did Shaun Suisham kick in the second half than in the first half??
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many more TD passes were thrown in the second half than in the first half?
How many more points did steelers score in the first half than in the second half?
How many points did Eagles score in the second half?
How many more points did Eagles score in the second half than Steelers?
How many times did Cuxirimay Ocllo also known as Dona Angelina get married?
How many years after Dona Angelina became Pizarro's mistress did Pizarro get assassinated?
Who was Dona Angelina's second husband?
How did the father of Juan and Francisco die?
Who was Cuxirimay Ocllo's husband?
Who was Pizarro's mistress?
How many years after Dona Angelina became Pizarro's mistress was he assassinated?
How many years after Juan de Betanzos wrote part two covering the conquest to 1557 was the complete manuscript found an dpublished?
Dona Angelina was whose other name?
Whose father was assassinated?
Who was Cuxirimay Ocllo with first, Atahualpa or Pizarro?
How many sons did Cuxirimay Ocllo have?
How many years after Cuxirimay Ocllo became Pizarro's mistress was Pizarro assassinated?
Who did Cuxirimay Ocllo marry first, Atahualpa or Juan de Betanzos?
How many years after Juan de Betanzos married Dona Angelina were his works found and published?
how many yards did kizer run?
how many yards did forbath kick?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked?
Who was Charles VI's father?
How many years after the death of Charles V did the Harelle and Maillotin revolts take place?
What year were many of the royal taxes abolished by Charles V?
How many years did the Portuguese interregnum last?
Which happened first, the Harelle and Maillotin revolts or the Portuguese interregnum?
How many years did Charles VI have a grip on government affairs while the Portuguese interegnum was happening?
HOw many years did Charles VI have a grip on government affairs while The Harelle and Maillotin revolts happened?
Who was King of France after Charles V?
How many years after the death of Charles V did Charles VI's uncles maintain a grip on government affairs?
How many years did the Portuguese interregnum last?
How many issues was France facing that caused high taxation to put a heavy burden on the French peasantry and urban communities?
What year was Charles VI born?
How many years after the deaths of Charles V and du Guesclin, did the Harelle and Maillotin revolts take place?
How many years was the Portuguese interregnum?
How many years after the death of Charles V was Charles VI and his uncles able to maintain in effective grip on government affairs?
How many yards was the games final touchdown?
Who caught the titans fourth quarter TD?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw for?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Roethlisberger or Matt Hasselbeck?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Ben Roethlisberger or Matt Hasselbeck?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
Which player caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which players scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
What 1/365 of the year, 1/12 of the year, and 1/10 of a decade did Louis arrive in Charleroi?
What 1/365 of the year did Louis arrive in Charleroi?
What 1/12 of the year did Louis arrive in Charleroi?
What 1/10 of a decade did Louis arrive in Charleroi?
What 1/365 of the year did Turenne set 50000 men off?
Turenne and how many total combined infantry and calvary took down Nijmegen?
How many more men did Turrene first set off in May with then he had when he took over Nijmegen?
Which city was taken earlier, Rheinberg or Nijmegen?
Which happened earlier, Louis' arrival in Charleroi or the lynching of Johan and Cornelis de Witt?
Did Turenne have more infrantry or cavalry?
How many days passed between Louis arriving in Charleroi and Turenne's men setting off?
How many forts did Louis occupy after he decided not to lay siege to Maastricht?
When was William acclaimed stadtholder?
Did the inundations along the Dutch water line start first or were the de Witt's lynched first?
How many politicians were lynched by an angry Orangist mob?
How many days after Louis arrived in Charleroi did Turenne's 50,000 men set off?
How many forts were occupied by Louis?
How many other places were taken along the Rhine after Valkenburg?
How many more infantry than cavalry did Turenne have at Nijmegen?
How many more naval victories were there after the Battle of Solebay?
How many forts surrounded Maastricht?
Which occured first, William acclaimed stadtholder or the lynching of Johan and Cornelis de Witt?
How many days after Louis arrived in Charleroi did 50,000 Turenne men set of?
Which town did Turenne take first, Rheinberg or Nijmegen?
What was Derek Anderson stats for the game?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
How many other times had two quarterbacks thrown at least five touchdown passes in the same game?
How many interceptions did Carson Palmer have in fourth quarter?
How many games in NFL history had a higher score?
Which players threw for 5 or more touchdowns?
Which players had more than 200 yards?
Which players had between 100 and 200 yards during the game?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the third longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the fourth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the fifth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the sixth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the seventh longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the eighth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the nineth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the tenth longest TD pass of the game?
Which player completed the eleventh longest TD pass of the game?
How many total yards of TD passes did Derek Anderson make?
How many total yards of TD passes did Carson Palmer make?
How many days did the Russian army travel before being joined by the Left bank Cossacks?
Where was the Russian army trying to go when they left on the east bank of Dnieper?
What position did Ivan Samoilovich hold?
In all total how many 180,000 men, 20,000 wagons and 100,000 horses went down the east bank of the Dnieper?
How many months did the Russian army soldiers travel before they decide to turn?
How many men, wagons, and horses set out down the east bank of the Dnieper?
How many in all were in the Russian army and Left Bank Cossacks that were headed to Perekop in May 1687?
How many months after the Russian army set out did they decide to turn back?
How many days after the Russian army left Okhtyrka did the force turn back?
How many days after a Russian army of about 132,000 soldiers led by knyaz Vasily Golitsyn left Okhtyrka did they decide to turn back?
How many more horses were there than wagons that set out down the east bank of the Dnieper?
How many total men, wagons and horses set out down the east bank of the Dnieper?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which Lions player had two touchdown receptions?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Gano kick than Hanson?
How many yards difference was there between the Lions' first TD and the Redskins' first TD?
How many yards is the total of all Gano's field goals?
Were more yards of field goals or touchdowns scored in the first half?
How many yards long was the average field goal in the first half?
How many yards of field goals and touchdowns combined were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored between 10 and 20 yards, inclusively?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards long were Calvin Johnson's touchdowns on average?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
How many months did the Nivelle Offensive last?
How many number of casualties totaled on both sides?
what made the British Battle of Arras more successful?
Who'd tactic evolved?
How many countries' tactics evolved?
How many countries' tactics evolved over time?
Which occurred first, the Nivelle Offensive or a British attack at Passchendaele?
How many months did the Nivelle Offensive occur in?
What happened first, the attack of Passchendaele or the Battle of Arras?
How many months did the Nivelle Offensive last?
What happened first: protracted action at Verdun or the costly Nivelle Offensive?
What happened second: protracted action at Verdun or the costly Nivelle Offensive?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Bills have?
How long was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many total field goal yards did Dave Rayner kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was Dave Rayners second field goal over his first one?
Which player scored the first points of the second half?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many yards less was Rayner's shortest field goal compared to his longest?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
Which players scored touchdowns between 15 and 20 yards?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in total in the first half?
Which kicker scored fewer field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the second half?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the second half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many passing touchdowns did both quarterbacks have?
How many rushing touchdowns did each team have?
How many combined yards were Shaun Suisham's field goals?
Who kicked the two longest field goals of the game?
How many yards difference exists between Billy Cundiff's longest and second longest field goals?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than the second?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many more yards was the longest field goal than the shortest one?
How many yards were each of Suisham's field goals?
Which players scored touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
How many months into 1920 did the Defence Minister Noske ordered the disbandment of two of the most powerful Freikorps
How many days after the Defence Minister Noske ordered the disbandment of two of the most powerful Freikorps did the Marinebrigade Ehrhardt stage a parade?
How many Freikorps were disband?
How many people did the government's authority try to mediate with?
Who was not invited to the parade on 1 March?
Who started the putsch?
How many months had the men been stationed at the Truppenübungsplatz Döberitz when the Defence Minister Noske ordered the disbandment of two of the most powerful Freikorps?
Where was the elite force located first, Munich, or Truppenübungsplatz Döberitz?
Who commanded the Marinebrigade first, Lüttwitz or the  Navy?
What year was Wolfgang Kapp born?
Who started the putsch?
Which Freikorp was stationed at the Truppenübungsplatz Döberitz?
How many years after the civil war was Marinebrigade Ehrhardt ordered to disband?
Who formed the foremost smuggling bloc by 1542?
How many years did Shangyu last as the biggest entrepot?
How many years passed between the Ming navy clamping down on smuggling activities and the downfall of Shuangyu?
Who did Jinzi Lao lead to Shuangyu?
How many merchants led the Portugese to Shuangyu?
Did the Xu brothers' syndicate operate first in the Malay Peninsula or Shuangyu?
How many years did it take for the Xu syndicate to become the foremost smuggling bloc after they started using the island in 1539?
After the Ming navy began trying to stop smuggling in 1543, how many years passed before the Xu syndicate downfall?
How many points did the Raiders score in the second quarter?
Did the Raider score fewer points in the first or second quarter?
Which team scored fewer touchdowns in the first and second quarters?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points did the Raiders lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more points ahead were the Raiders at halftime than the first quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Raiders winning by at halftime?
What was the first scoring play of the second half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were the Raiders ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many percent of Slovaks in 2011 did not identify as Roman Catholic?
Did more Slovaks identify themselves as Protestant or as Roman Catholics in 2011?
Before World War II, about how many percent of the population of Slovakia was not Jewish?
About how many percent of the current population in Slovakia is not Jewish?
Which religious group has more followers as of 2011 in Slovakia, Jews or those following Orthodox Christianity?
Did the greatest number of people identify as SLovak Greek Catholic Church or Roman Catholics?
Did fewer people identify as Roman Catholics or Protestants?
How many more percent of people considered themselves Atheists compared to Protestants?
In 2004, how many percent church members did not regularly attend services?
How many less Jews were there in Slovakia compared to the 90000 living there pre-WWII?
How many more percentage points of the Slovak population identified as the most common religion than the least common religion?
How many more percentage points of Roman Catholics are there than Protestants?
What was the most popular religion in Slovakia?
How many percent of Slovakia identified themselves as member of a religion in 2011?
How many more percentage of Protestants than Slovak Greek Catholic Church in Slovakia?
What all beliefs had a higher percentage Orthodox Christianity than in Slovakia?
How many Jews lived in Slovakia before the Holocaust than after?
How many more percentage of Roman Catholics than Protestants in Slovakia?
How many more percentage of Jews lived in Slovakia before the Holocaust than after the Holocaust?
How many percentage of Protestants and Slovak Greek Catholic Church combined??
Which religion had the largest percentage, Jews or Orthodox Christianity?
How many times did players fumble?
Who scored the Raven's first two touchdowns?
Who played against the Redskins before the Ravens?
How many touchdown passes did Joe Flacco get during the first half?
How many points ahead were the Ravens at the end of the first half?
How many more games had the Redskins won than lost after this game?
How many passes did Boldin catch?
How many catches did Pitta have?
How many field goals did Forbath have?
How many passes did Garcon catch?
How many fumbles did Morris have?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team scored first in overtime?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many 36-yard field goals were made?
Who won the game?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals did Prater make?
How many kicks were returned for a TD?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in total?
How many field goals were scored in total?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes of less than 10 yards were thrown?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' longest field goal than Matt Prater's longest?
How many 36-yard field goals were made in the game?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which players made at least two field goals?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 55 yards?
How many yards longer was Kyle Orton's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many field goals were made between 30 and 60 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Prater kick?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference is there between Matt Praters longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Rob Bironas?
How many field goals longer than 35 yards did Rob Bironas kick?
How many more men did the French troops 33,000 have over Charles de Lannoy 16,000 men?
How many more troops did France have than Charles de Lannoy?
Which person had more troops, Francis or Charles de Lannoy?
How many more French troops were there compared to what Charles de Lannoy had?
Which happened last, Francis crossed the Alps or Francis advanced on Pavia?
Where did the troops of Bourbon and d'Avalos go first, Provence or Milan?
Who had more troops, Charled de Lannoy or the French?
How many more troops did the French have than Charles de Lannoy?
Where did Francis go first, Milan or Pavia?
How many more French troops were there than men Charles de Lannoy had concentrated to resist them?
Which happened first, Francis himself crossed the Alps or Charles de Lannoy withdrew to Lodi?
Which team scored more points, the 49ers or the Saints?
How did the 49ers lose the lead?
how many yards did Brees fumble?
How many points did the Titans get on their first score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team failed on a two point conversion?
Who scored more field goals, Kris Brown or Rob Bironas?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many wins did the Chargers have in the last four game?
How many games had the Chargers won going into this game?
How many losses did the Bengals have coming into this game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many touchdowns did the Chargers offense score?
In what year did Sovieski undertake his first expedition to Moldavia?
How many years after his first expedition did Sovieski undertake his second expedition to Moldavia?
How many years did it take for Russia to join the Holy League?
Who lost the Battle of Podhajce?
How many years after the second Battle of Mohács, did the Battle of Zenta take place?
What happened first, the second Battle of Mohács or the Battle of Zenta?
How many years after the Battle of Podhajce, did the League win the war?
How many years after the second Battle of Mohács did the Treaty of Karlowitz get signed?
Which empire had it's capital in Vienna?
Who joined the new Holy League first, Russia or Poland?
How many years passed between the Battle of Mohacs and the Battle of Zenta?
How many years passed between the Polish battles at Moldavia and Podhajce?
What battle started first: Battle of Vienna or second Battle of Mohács?
What battle started last: Battle of Vienna or second Battle of Mohács?
What battle started first: Battle of Zenta or Battle of Podhajce?
What battle started second: Battle of Zenta or Battle of Podhajce?
What battle started first: Battle of Zenta or Battle of Vienna?
How many years after Poland joined the Holy League did Russia join?
Which event happened first, the Battle of Mohács, or the Battle of Zenta?
How many years from the Battle of Mohács did the Battle of Zenta take place?
Which event happend first, the Treaty of Karlowitz, or the unsuccessful offensive in Moldavia?
Which battle occured last the battle of Mohacs or the Battle of Zenta?
Who joined the new Holy League first, Russia or Poland?
After the battles of 1683, how many years did Sobieski take before he attacked Moldavia?
How many years passed between Sobieski's two attack on Moldavia?
After the battles of 1683, how many years did the war with the Ottoman Empire last?
Who joined first, the Venetian Republic and Poland or the Tsardom of Russia?
Which battle did the Ottomans lose first, the Holy Roman Empire, the Battle of Mohacs, or the Battle of Zenta?
How many defeats did the Ottomans suffer?
Which joined the Holy League first, the Venetian Republic or the Tsardom of Russia?
Which battle took place first, the second Battle of Mohács or the Battle of Zenta?
How many losses did the Bengals start this game with?
How many points did the Texans get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bengals have at half time?
How many points did both teams have at half time?
How many points did the Texans have at the half?
How many yards shorter was Graham's second field goal than his first one?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals did Shayne Graham make?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many passing touchdown yards did Matt Schaub throw in the game?
How many yards longer was Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdowns were less than 15 yards?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many more yards was Graham's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many yards did Kevin Walter have on touchdown passes?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
What are the two longest touchdown passes?
Who did the falcons play last week?
Who did the bears play last week?
Who scored first?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Gus Frerotte throw?
How many touchdown passes did Kyle Orton throw?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals did Bears kicker Robbie Gould make?
How many TD runs did Adrian Peterson have in the first quarter?
How many field goals did robbie Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many yards was Gould's longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings make in the first half?
In which quarter did both teams sscore a field goal?
Which team scored the most touchdowns in the first quarter?
What was Kyle Orton's longest TD pass?
how many yards did frerotte complete?
how many yards did Orton complete?
how many yards did Peterson get?
how many yards did orton pass to booker?
Which was longer Tucker's field goal or Wallace's touchdown pass?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many yards was Tucker's longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers get in the fourth quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many yards in all did Justin Tucker kick in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in all?
How many more games did the Steelers win than lose?
how many yards did wallace get?
how many yards did tucker get?
how many yards did tucker get in the second?
how many yards did brown pass?
how many yards did roethlisberger run?
How many Saxon and Rhenish troops, on average, were on each ship?
What most likely killed Emperor Henry?
Where did the combined forces sail to?
What happened to Emperor Henry before September 28?
How many years passed between 1994 and 1197?
What happened first Henry setting sail for the Holy Land or falling ill?
How many men of the military were not German knights?
Who suggested there was the most amount of knights?
How many years was Bretislaus III, Duke of Bohemia apart of the crusades until his death?
How many months after Henry fell ill did he die?
How many less knights did the contemporary chronicler record than Arnold von Lübeck had chronicled?
Whose account included less knights, contemporary chronicler or Claudia Naumann?
How many years after the Duke of Bohemia agreed to join the Crusade at the Diet in Worms did he die?
Did Henry proceede to the Kingdom of Sicily in the Crustade before or after Bretislaus III died?
In what year did Saxon and Rhenish troops sail from northern Germany to Messina under the command of Count Palatine Henry V and Archbishop Hartwig of Bremen?
In what year did Emperor Henry fall ill and die, before he could set sail for the Holy Land?
How many of the 60,000 troops were not German knights?
How many of the military host were not German knights?
Who died first, Emperor Henry or Bretislaus III?
How many months after the Duke of Bohemia agreed to join the Crusade at the Diet in Worms did he die?
How many months after Emperor Henry fell ill did he die?
How many months after the Duke of Bohemia died did Emperor Henry die?
How many dollars in billions did Israel's polished diamond exports fall in 2011?
How many percentage points out of 100 (what percent) of Israels exports are NOT exports of cut diamonds?
Who is not a part of the three major centers for diamond cutting, India, Israel, or the United States?
Which three countries are the major centers for cutting diamonds?
Which year saw a higher amount in net polished diamond exports, 2012 or 2011?
Which is the larger market for export of polished diamonds, United States or Hong Kong?
Which comes last in the market of exports for polished diamonds, Hong Kong or Belgium?
How many points did the Titans win by?
Which player scored the game winning touchdown?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points in total were scored?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many wins did the Titans come into the game at?
How many total first half points were scored by both teams?
How many points did the Titans win the game by?
How many more games had the Titans lost than won?
How many points were the Titans behind before Vince Young led the Titans on an 18 play drive?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Janikowski hit?
How many yards was the games longest field goal?
How many receivers caught a TD for Oakland?
How many yards was the longest field goal before halftime?
How many yards was the first TD of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Romo throw?
How many Cowboys touchdowns were scored by Tight Ends?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys score in the first half?
How many fumbles did the Eagles have in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD run in the first quarter?
How many yards was Tony Romo's longest TD pass inthe second quarter?
What was Tony Romo's longest TD pass in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Marion Barber score?
How many touchdowns did Terrell Owens score int he thifd quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the fourth quarter?
What was the longest TD pass of the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which players scored a running touchdown in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Tony Romo make?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Tony Romo make than Donovan McNabb?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's longest touchdown pass than Donovan McNabb's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total yards did LaDainian Tomlinson have on rushing touchdowns?
How many players threw touchdown passes?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 5 yards?
How many yards more was the longest touchdown run compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the last points of the first half?
Which player scored on two touchdown runs?
How many yards longer was LaDainian Tomlinson's second touchdown over his first?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
How many total yards did Mark Sanchez throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Were there more touchdowns in the first half or the second half?
How many yards longer was Tomlinson's longest touchdown compared with his shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the second longest?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns?
How many total yards did LaDainian Tomlinson have on touchdown runs?
How many players threw touchdown passes?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 5 yards?
Which players did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw touchdown passes to?
how many points did the packers score in the final 15?
how many yards did lee pass?
how many yards did favre thrwo?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
When did the WSLF lose control over a substantial region of the Ogaden?
How many years after the formation of the Somali Salvation Democratic Front did the second armed clash occur?
Which happened first, the Ogaden war or the second armed clash between Somalian and United States forces?
When did Somalia and the US stop being allies?
How many years sdid it take to defeat the rebels?
Which lost more - the SNA soldiers, or the Comali Air Force?
Which happened first, the formation of the Somali Salvation Democratic Front, or the defeat of the rebels?
How many years passed between the withdrawal of the SNA and the insurgent reduction?
How many years passed since the rebels helped the guerrilla and the agreement to withdraw militaries from the border?
How many years did the US adopted Somalia as an ally?
Which group did the ONLF come from?
How many years did it take to defeat the WSLF insurgents?
What did the SNA lose more of, soldiers, or armored units?
Which area was defunct by the late 1980s?
Which Treaty came first, Treaty of Amiens or Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
How many years apart are the Treaty of Amiens and the Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
How many years did Napoleon recieve the throne as King of netherlands and ruled it directly from France?
What treaty was signed first: Treaty of Amiens or Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
What treaty was signed last: Treaty of Amiens or Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
How many colonies weren't returned to the Netherlands from the  Anglo-Dutch Treaty?
How many years after Louis was removed from power was the country ruled directly from France?
How many years passed after the Treaty of Amiens was signed before fighting broke out again?
How many years before the British captured the island of Jave was the Treaty of Amiens signed?
Who was Louis Bonaparte's brother?
How many years was Louis Bonaparte the King of the Netherlands?
How many years did the French control the Batavian Republic before being liberated?
How many years passed between the Treaty of Amiens and the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 being signed?
How many captured British colonies were not returned in 1814?
After the treaty in 1814, what colonies were not returned to the Netherlands?
How many years after the Dutch Republic was renamed the Batavian Republic was it dissolved by Napoleon?
Who caught a one yard touchdown?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Wilkins score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns did Edwards score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many losses did the Rams come into this game with?
How many points got the Rams on the board?
How many points did the Browns trail the Rams at the second quarter start?
How many points did the Browns have at half time?
How many points did the Rams have at half time?
How many points did Wilkins score in the first half?
How many total points were score in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who was the only player to score in the fourth quarter?
Which kicker made more field goals?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Derek Anderson  throw in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards longer was Derek Anderson 's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total yards were Jeff Wilkins's two longest field goals?
How long were each of Phil Dawson's field goals?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who kicked field goals of at least 40 yards?
Which kicker kicked a longer field goal in the second half?
How many wins did Cleveland have after the game?
Who lost three times?
How many wins did Eli have
How many losses do the Giants have?
Which of the Mannings had fewer starts at quarterback, Peyton or Eli?
How many more consecutive starts did Brett Farve have after this game when compared to Eli Manning?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many touchdowwns did the Lions score in the game?
How many touchdowns did Vernon Davis score?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
How many touchdowns did Vernon Davis have?
How many touchdowns did Detroit score?
Which team scored more times during the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Hanson's second field goal than his first?
In the third quarter who kicked the longest field goal?
In which quarter did Davis catch his longest touchdown, the first or final?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
What all touchdowns did Alex Smith make?
What all touchdown passes did Vernon Davis catch?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which kicker kicked more field goals in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals were there in the first half?
Which kicker had field goals of at least 40 yards?
How many turnovers did the Jags have?
Which player had the last interception of the game?
How many points did the Browns get in the first quarter?
Who completed a 5 yard pass?
Who threw the 11-yard pass?
In which quarter did the Browns score more points, the second or the third?
In which quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many passing touchdowns were thrown in the first half?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Jaguars win by?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass?
How many points were scored by the Lions in the 1st quarter?
Who scored the most point in the game?
How many touchdowns did Kitna throw?
How many yards are between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many scores did the Lions get in the first period?
How many injuries happened in this game?
How many TD passes did Kitna complete?
How many different people did Kitna pass to?
How many field goals did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many defensive touchdowns did the lions have?
How many yards was Jon Kitna's longest touchdown pass?
Which quarterback scored the most touchdowns?
which time?
How many yards did Hanson's 3 field goals add up to?
How many yards difference is there between the longest TD pass and the shortest?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more TD passes did Jon Kitna complete than Patrick Ramsey?
How many yards in field goals did Jason Hanson make?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw more passing touchdowns, Kitna or Ramsey?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 30 were scored?
How many total yards in field goals did Hanson make in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson have in the first half?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jon Kitna or Patrick Ramsey?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Jon Kitna's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many is the difference in the number of ethnic Georgians who became vulnerable and tne number of European Union Monitoring Mission monitors that operate in Georgia?
How many is the difference in the number of ethnic Georgians who became vulnerable and the number of European Union Monitoring Mission monitors that operate in Brussels?
How many total European Union Monitoring Mission monitors operated in Georgia and Brussels?
Which country are there more European Union Monitoring Mission monitors, Georgia or Brussels?
How many less European Union Monitoring Mission monitors are there in Brussels than in Georgia?
How many regions are not allowed to have EUMM monitors?
How many times has Russia blocked off an organization to have monitors in certain regions?
Which countries did not have monitors operating?
How many more more European Union Monitoring Mission monitors operate in Georgia than in Brussels?
How many areas does Russia prohibit EUMM monitors in?
How many field goals did Succop kick?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
Which players completed TD pases?
What is the Chiefs record?
Which quarterback threw 2 touchdown passes?
How many yards difference is there between Succop's longest and shortest field goals?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
Who completed the shortest TD pass?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown for the 49ers?
Who was killed first, Bishop Spiss or Kinjikitile?
How many days passed between the Matumbi tribesmens march on Samanga and the attack on missionaried by the Ngindo?
Which occurred first, the destruction of the cotton crop or the arrest of Kinjikitile?
How many days passed between the attack on the missionaries and the attack on Ifakara?
Which was attacked first, the small party of missionaries or Ifakara?
How many days passed between the march on Samanga and the attack on the party of missionaries?
Where did tribesmen attack last, Samanga or Ikafara?
Who had more people fighting in Mahenge?
Which tribe tried to attack but were met with gunfire from two machine guns?
What did the two tribes disagree on concerning their attack on the German cantonment?
Was the German cantonment defended by more native soldiers or tribesmen?
Was the German cantonment defended by more soldiers or guns?
How many native soldiers were there for every machine gun defending the German cantonment?
When did Pope Clement admit the truth about the expedition?
How many years did these events take?
Were there more galleys, knights, or foot soldiers accompanying Foulques de Vilalret?
How many losses did the Patriots have after this game?
Which team allowed the least points?
Which team threw a pick 6?
How many months spanned between when Richard captured Messina and when Philip, Tancred, and Richard signed the treaty?
How many months passed between when Richard and Philip arrived in Sicily to when they as well as Tancred signed the treaty?
What happened first, Richard and Philip arrived in Sicily or the death of King William II?
What was the date that all this ended?
Who was King William II's widow?
What year was Queen Joan freed?
King Tancred of Sicily seized power from who?
Who died first, William II or Tancred?
Who was king first, William II or Tancred?
When Joan was released, did she keep her inheritance?
How many months after Joan's release did the people of Messina revolt?
How many months after the capture of Messina was the treaty with Tancred signed?
Who was born first: King William II or Tancred?
Who was born second: King William II or Tancred?
What happened first: death of King William II or the people of Messina revolted?
What happened second: death of King William II or the people of Messina revolted?
How many people signed the treaty on March 4, 1191?
What happened first: death of King William II or Richard, Philip, and Tancred signed treaty?
What happened second: death of King William II or Richard, Philip, and Tancred signed treaty?
Who was the brother of Queen Joan?
Who was the legal heir to the throne of Sicily married to?
Who was Queen Joan's brother?
How many days after freeing his sister did Richard attack Messina and capture it?
Where was Queen Joan's brother in 1190?
How many days after his sister was released did Richard attack Messina?
How many months after arriving in Sicily was the Treaty signed with Tancred?
How many people signed the treaty on March 4, 1191?
How many touchdowns did Randy Moss have?
How many combined points did the teams score?
How many times was Rivers intercepted?
Who scored the Chargers first touchdown?
How many games had the Patriots lost in the season?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Chargers  score in the second half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many days did the invasion of Iga take place?
how many men attacked Iga?
How many directions were Iga attacked?
Who triggered the second invasion of Iga?
The second invasion was launch by?
Nobunaga controlled most of what part of Japan prior to the invasion of Iga?
The difference between the invading forces and the Iga defenders was how many men?
The largest force of the invaders of Iga was led by?
The smallest force of the invaders of Iga was led by?
How many days after the launch of the second invasion did Iga surrender?
How many different forces were involved on the attacking end of the second invasion?
From which direction did two of the different forces attack?
How many more men did Gamō Ujisato and Wakisaka Yasuharu have under them than Tsutsui Junkei?
How many more men did Asano Nagamasa have under him than Hori Hidemasa?
How many days after Nobunaga launched his invasion of Iga did forces at Kashiwara Castle surrender, bringing the Iga resistance to an end?
When did residents of Iga visit Azuchi and offer to serve as guides for an invasion?
Who controlled the territories that bordered Iga?
How many men did Oda's largest contingent of men outnumber his smallest contingent by?
Who had a larger army, the Oda attackers or Ida defenders?
When did Nobukatsu gain control of Iga?
What cities were attacked in Iga?
What city had the most men entering Iga through it?
How many more men entered through Tsuge than through Tamataki?
How many more of Nobunaga's soldiers were there than Iga's?
Which city had the least number of soldiers enter Iga through it?
Where was the game played?
Who caught two touchdowns?
Which team lost?
What team does Matt Turk play for?
how many points difference was there in the final score?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many points did the Jets have at halftime?
Which player scored on a two point conversion?
How many field goals did Gostkowski make?
How many touchdowns did Washington have?
How many receptions did Washington have?
How many touchdowns did Watson score?
How many touchdowns did Jones score?
Which team did the Jets play week 10?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the PAtriots get on the board with?
Who had the longest touchdown?
How many yards were each of the first half field goals?
How many total yards were all the second half field goals combined?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were kicked?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many yards were each of Gostkowski's field goals?
How many yards were Bret Favre first half touchdowns?
How many more yards was Gostkowski's first field goal over his second?
How many yards was Leon Washington's first half touchdowns?
Which players threw touchdown passes?
Which Patriots had receiving touchdowns?
How many touchdowns Did the Bears score?
How many more losses than wins did the Seahawks have after the game?
How many wins did the Bears have coming into this game?
After Tyler Locketts touchdown, what was the score of the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Bears score?
How many losses did the Seahawks come into this game with?
What is the name of the Green Bay stadium?
Who scored 2 touchdowns for Green Bay?
How many interceptions did the Lions defense record?
Which quarter did both teams kick a field goal?
Which Packer scored two touchdowns?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many of Favre's passes were incomplete?
How many years was the period where the office of Navy Minister changed hands nine times?
How many years was between when the Ottomans called in a British naval mission to when the Hamidiye and Mecidiye were in poor condition?
How many years did the Young Turk Revolution last?
How many ships and cruisers made up the Ottoman's battlefleet?
What happened first: Greco-Turkish War or changed hands nine times?
What happened second: Greco-Turkish War or changed hands nine times?
How many years passed when the office of Navy Minister changed hands nine times?
What happened first: Greco-Turkish War or Young Turk Revolution?
What happened second: Greco-Turkish War or Young Turk Revolution?
How many years did the Young Turk Revolution last?
How many years after the Greco-Turkish war of 1897 did the Ottomans call in a British naval mission to update training?
Which ships were the core of the Ottoman battlefleet?
What ships were chronically neglected?
Across how many years did the office of Navy Minister change hands 9 times?
How many Formula One races took place before the Monaco Grand Prix in 1994?
How many racers finished ahead of Gerhard Berger in the Grand Prix?
How many laps was the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix?
What exact point in time was the Monaco Grand Prix held?
What exact month in time was the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix held?
What exact year in time was the Monaco Grand Prix held?
What exact day of the month in time was the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix held?
How many races occurred between the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenbergerand the 1994 Monaco Grand Prix?
How many racers died during the 1994 Formula One Season?
When was the San Marino Grand Prix held?
Where was the Grand Prix held
What kind of race is this?
What month was this race held
How many races had their been since the deaths of  Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger ?
How many people died at the San Marino Grand Prix two weeks previously?
Who died at the San Marino Grand Prix two weeks previously?
Who were the first, second and third place winners?
How many different cars were driven by the 3 winners?
What different cars were driven by the 3 winners?
What were the cars driven by the top three finishers in the race?
Which drivers were the top three finishers in the race?
How many races were run previous to this one in 1994?
How many turnovers did the Bears have in the first half?
How long was the third quarter field goal by Gould?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the second longest?
How many yards did the longest two field goals combine for?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Robbie Gould or Shayne Graham?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Shayne Graham or Robbie Gould?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Gould make than Graham?
How many total wins did both teams have combined after the game?
How many more field goals than touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
If it were successful, how many yards would the second longest field goal of the game have been?
How many field goals did Gould make successfully?
Which players kicked successful field goals?
Who made more yards in field goals, Graham or Gould?
How many yards was Graham's longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was Gould's longest field goal of the game?
How many yards difference was there between Gould's longest field goal kick and Graham's?
How many field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
How many total yards did Gould have?
How many years were between the time Hyder Ali of Mysore captured Calicut and the time Tippu lost to the Zamorin, Travancore and the English?
Which of the two took the Utsava vigraha to Ambalappuzha Sri Krishna Temple, Shrinivasa Rao or Kakkad Othikkan?
Did Hyder Ali demolish the Hindu temple at Guruvayur?
Which happened first, Hyder Ali capturing Calicut, or Guruvayur?
What happend when Hyder Ali granted a devadaya in 1776?
In 1766 which city was captured second?
What was hidden underground?
Tippu lost to how many in 1792?
What year was the idol hid?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, Hyder Ali of Mysore capturing Calicut, or Tippu Sultan invading the Zamorin of Calicut's provice?
Who is the Packers place kicker?
How many field goals were made?
Who was 7-0
Who got an award
Which quarterback has the second best passing yardage, Brett Favre or Dan Marino?
How many times has coach McCarthy been voted Motorola NFL Coach of the Week this season?
Who would hold the season low points for the Packers?
What happened first: Germans surrendered unconditionally or Italians quit the war?
What happened second: Germans surrendered unconditionally or Italians quit the war?
When did World War II end?
Which quit the war second, Italians, Bulgarians, or Hungarians
Which battle ended the War?
How many days did the Yugoslav Partisans face resistance from Croatian forces?
How many days after Berlin fell to the Red Army did Germany surrender?
Which quit the war second, Italians, Bulgarians or Hungarians?
How many days after Berlin fall to the Red Army did the Germans surrender unconditionally?
How many years after the Italians had quit the war did the war officially end?
How many years after the Bulgarians quit the war did the war officiall end?
How many days afer the Germans surrendered and the war officiall ended was Maribor and Ljubljana were captured by the Partisans?
How many days before the Germans surrendered unconditionally was Zagreb evacuated?
How many days after the official end of the war was General Alexander Löhr, Commander-in-Chief of Army Group E forced to sign the total surrender of the forces under his command?
For how many days did the Yugoslav Partisans continue to face resistance from Croatian, and other anti-Partisan forces throughout the rest of Croatia and Slovenia after the war was officially over?
How many days after the Germans surrender did the last battle of the war, the Battle of Poljana begin?
What happened first, the fall of Berlin to the Red Army, or the unconditional surrender of Germany?
How many days did it take Germany to surrender after Berlin fell?
What date did Berlin fall to the Red Army?
What countries had quit the war before it officially ended?
What day did the Battle of Poljana begin?
How many days after the war officially ended did the last battle of the was end?
What countrymen quit the war first?
What country were the Partisans from?
How many days did the Yugoslav Partisans continue to face resistance from Croatian forces?
What was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did Washington's 1-yard touchdown in the third quarter result into ?
How did the Cardinals lose the game?
how many yards did Portis get?
how many yards did the cardinals win by?
how many yards was warners touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the first points, Clinton Portis or Anquan Boldin?
How many touchdown passes over 2 yards did Kurt Warner throw?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
What all touchdowns did Kurt Warner make?
How many yards difference was there between Clinton Portis’s touchdown run and  London Fletcher’s touchdown?
How many yards difference was there between Kurt Warner’s first touchdown pass to Anquan Boldin and Tim Rattay's touchdown pass to Leonard Pope?
How many yards difference was there between Kurt Warner’s second touchdown pass to Anquan Boldin and Tim Rattay's touchdown pass to Leonard Pope?
How many yards longer was the Cardinals game-winning field goal than  Warner's second touchdown pass to Anquan Boldin?
In which quarter was the only field goal scored?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 5 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns from two yards out?
Which players scored touchdowns from one yard out?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Greg Jennings catch?
How many TD passes did Rodgers throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the most touchdown passes?
Did Greg Jennings catch fewer touchdown passes in the first half or the second half?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's field goal compared to Ryan Longwell's?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the second field goal Josh Scobee missed?
Which yard line did both teams score a touchdown from?
Which player had the most receptions?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many more field goals did Josh Scobee miss rather than make in the first half?
How long were Brady's touchdown passes in the first half?
Who caught Brady's longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown catches did Gronkowski have?
How many total yards of field goals did Scobee miss?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player completed the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player completed the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Brady throw?
how many yards did gronkowski get?
how many yards did did the steelers race?
Which players scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee miss out of hit total attempts?
How many total yards did Gronkowski have combined on his touchdown receptions?
How many field goals did Bironas kick?
Who had the shortest TD run?
Which team sacked the quarterback 7 times?
How many field goals did Bironas have?
Which team scored first?
How many times did the Titans score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Boronas kick?
How many field goals did the Panthers have?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team lost to the Colts in week 8?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which quarterback got sacked the least?
Which team scored points in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was the second field goal than the first field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
What quarter did the Lions not score?
Who had two catching touchdowns for the Patriots?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at halftime?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
Which team was the Division Leader?
Which team won this game?
How far was Praters field goal in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick all game?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many points did the Lions score all game?
Who scored the only points of the third quarter?
How many yards was the shortest TD run?
Which team had the shortest TD run?
Which team allowed the most points at halftime?
How many wins did this game give the Patriots for the season?
How many turnovers did the Seahawks have in the first half?
How many yards per rush did Shaun Alexander average for the whole game?
How many more yards did Deion Branch gain on his longest touchdown when compared to Shaun Alexander's tot yards for the game?
Which player had more total yards, Deion Branch or Shaun Alexander?
How many yards did Deion Branch and Shaun Alexander combine for in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 1 yard touchdown runs were there?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals score in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were scored in the game?
How many yards was the play for the opening touchdown?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Nugent make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game total?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many 1-yard touchdowns runs were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many total villages and houses were burned?
How many total people were killed or were refugees fleeing to Bulgaria?
How many more houses were destroyed according to Georgi Khadziev compared to Barbara Jelavich?
How many more houses does Georgi Khadziev estimate were destroyed than the estimate provided by Barbara Jelavich?
How many more homes were destroyed during the uprising, according to Georgi Khadziev than in the estimate by historian Barbara Jelavich?
How many refugees were produced according to Georgi Khadziev?
What was outlawed as a condition of diplomacy with Russia?
What quarterback ran the ball in for a touchdown?
How many yards was the longest running touchdown?
Which team missed an extra point?
How many points did Miami score in the fourth quarter?
Which team trailed for the first time all season?
How many times did the Rams and the 49ers play each other this season?
How many field goals did Rams kicker Josh Brown score?
After what quarter did the 49ers retake the lead?
How many field goals over 40 yards were scored?
What was the longest touchdown scored of the game?
How many yards difference were there between the longest and shortest touchdown?
How many more people were there than households?
Which race made up most of the population?
How many more black or African Americans were there than Asians?
Which two racial groups make up 0.7% of the population?
Which ancestry group made up most of the population?
Which ancestry made up the least of the population?
Which ancestry group makes up more of the population, English or Italian people?
How many more Germans are there than Irish?
How many percents of the racial makeup of the county was not white?
How many percents of the racial makeup of the county was either Asian or Pacific Islander?
How many more percents of the racial makeup in the country was African American compared to American Indian?
How many percents of people in this county are English people or Italians?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't black?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group in percent is larger for the county according to the census: Germans or Irish?
Which group in percent is smaller for the county according to the census: Germans or Irish?
Which group in percent is larger for the county according to the census: English or Italians?
Which group in percent is smaller for the county according to the census: English or Italians?
Which group in percent is larger for the county according to the census: Germans or Americans?
Which group in percent is smaller for the county according to the census: Germans or Americans?
Were the more families or households residing in the county?
Were there more whites of African Americans in the county?
Were there more African Americans or Asians?
Were there more Asians or Pacific Islanders?
Were there more African Americans or Pacific Islanders>
Were there more Whites or Asians?
Were there more whites or American Indians?
Who had the higher population, Asians or whites?
Who was more populous, African American, or other races?
Where there more people from other races, or two or more races?
Where there fewer Germans or Irish?
Was more of the  population English or Italian?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Americans?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Americans?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
What race made up the highest percentage of the population?
How many races made up 0.7% of the population?
In terms of ancestry, which group made up the lowest percentage of the population?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
How many in percent from the census weren't Hispanic or Latino?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is larger: Germans or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: Germans or Irish?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific islanders?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were from a single race?
How many percent of people were not Hispanics or Latinos?
How many percent of people were not Germans?
How many percent of people were not Irish?
How many percent of people were not English?
How many percent of people were not Italian?
How many percent of people were not classified as Americans?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not from other races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent of people were not Germans?
How many percent of people were not Irish?
How many percent of people were not English?
How many percent of people were not Italian?
How many percent of people were not Americans?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not Italian?
How many percent were not American?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and Asian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and Pacific islander combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to African American and American Indian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to Asian and Pacific islander combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to Asian and American Indian combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were white compared to American Indian and Pacific islander combined?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either White, African American, or Asian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either White, African American, or Pacific islander?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either White, African American, or American Indian?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were either White, Asian, or Pacific islander?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were of either Irish, English, or German ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were of either German, Irish, or Italian ancestry?
How many yards was the longest field goal or touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal or touchdown pass?
How many yards did all of Jay Cutler's TD passes add up to?
How many yards did Robbie Gould's field goals add up to?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest TD passes?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdowns?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick?
How many yards was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
How many yards was Robbie Gould's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many passing touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many 19-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Longwell kick?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw in the fourth quarter?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Brett Favre?
Which players threw touchdown passes longer than 17 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Who scored the only TD pass over 50 yards?
Who made a TD pass for the 19 yards twice?
What were the 2 longest field goals?
Which field goals did Gould make?
Who caught the first 19-yard TD pass from Jay Cutler?
Who caught the second 19-yard TD pass from Jay Cutler?
What quarter was Jay Cutler's first 19-yard pass in?
Which team scored first?
How many points was the Falcons leading in the fourth quarter?
How many points were the Falcons leading by in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest missed field goal in the game?
How many points did  the Eagles lose by?
Which player averaged more yards per carry, DeMarco Murray or Darren Sproles?
How many yards did DeMarco Murray average per carry over the course of the game?
How many yards per catch did Darren Sproles average over the course of the game?
Did Darren Sproles average more yards on passes or more yards per carry?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
What is the Viking's record after winning this game?
What was Minnesota's record last season?
How many field goals did Longwell have?
How many touchdowns did Peterson have?
How many field goals did Graham have?
How many touchdowns did Ochocinco have?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points went unanswered in the second quarter?
How many points did Arizona have at half time?
How many field goals did the Vikings get in the first half?
How many points did Peterson score in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Ryan Lonwell kick?
How many touchdowns did Chad Ochcinco score?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score in the first half?
How many field goals did the VIkings score before halftime?
How many touchdowns did the Bengals score inthe first half?
How many touchdowns did the VIkings score in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Peterson score?
Did the Vikings suffer a win or a loss in week 13?
How many points total were scored by both teams in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which player kicked the last field goal of the game?
Which team scored the least points in the first half?
Which player scored first in the second half?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell kick from more than 40 yards?
How many yards difference exists between Ryan Longwell's longest and shortest field goal?  Answer : 3 (number) H
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 10 yards?
How many total yards did Adrian Peterson carry the ball on his two touchdown runs?
How many total games did the Pacers win in 1993, including playoffs?
How many total games did the Pacers lose in 1993, including playoffs?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were kicked in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards long on average were Ryan Longwell's first 3 field goals?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
Which players threw touchdown passes in the first half?
How many yards long on average were the touchdowns scored in the first half?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns?
How many yards long on average were Adrian Peterson's touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Adrian Peterson's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards long were the two shortest field goals?
How many yards long were the two longest field goals?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many touchdowns were kicked during the game?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson make in the game?
How many games did the Lions win of their last six games?
How many points did the Lions get on the board with?
How many points were the chiefs trailing by at the half?
How many wins did the Lions have at the start of this game?
Which team lost this game?
How many points in total were scored?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Lions score?
What was the longest field goal of the day?
How many points were the Saints ahead by at the end of first quarter?
How many points did the Saints get in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Saints get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Rams get in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Rams get in the first quarter?
How many points did the Rams field goal in the first quarter result into?
In which quarter did neither teams score?
How many total yards did Nedney have?
Which kicker had more total yards?
How many field goals were between 30 and 40 yards?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards did Nedney have?
How many more yards did Nedney have than Wilkins?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were scored?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney score over 30 yards?
How many field goals did Jeff Wilkins score over 40 yards?
How many NFL franchises reached 500 wins before the Rams?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick?
How many field goals did Nedney kick?
Who scored more field goals, Nedney or Wilkins?
Which two players kicked field goals in the game?
How many field goals did the Packers have in the first half?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Vikings have?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
If population rises as estimated, by 2050, how many countries will be more populated than Nigeria?
By how many people is the birth rate projected to decrease between 2010 and 2050?
By how many percent is the growth rate estimated to decrease between 2010 and 2050?
By how many people ist he death rate projected to increase between 2010 and 2050?
How many more will birth rate decrease from 20.7 to 13.7 in Africa?
How many more of an increase in death rate from 8.5 in 2010 to 9.8 in 2050?
How many years will life expectancy increase form 2010 to 2050?
How many millions of people is the population of Nigeria expected to grow by in 2100 compared to 2050?
How many years is the life expectancy in Nigeria expected to increase by in 2050 compared to 2010?
How many more people, in terms of percentage of the population of Nigeria, are expected to live in urban areas in 2050 compared to 2010?
By how many millions is the population of Nigeria supposed to grow between 2050 and 2100?
By how many percentage points is the growth rate expected to decrease between 2010 and 2050?
By how many percentage points is the birth rate projected to decrease from 2010 to 2050?
By how many percentage points is the death rate projected to increase from 2010 to 2050?
By how many percentage points is the population in urban areas projected to increase between 2010 and 2050?
How many percentage points higher is the birth rate in 2010 than the death rate in 2010?
Who has made  the least income of 2015 ACS, males or females?
Who had the lowest income percentage below the poverty line, families or population?
How many more dollars was median income for family than household in the 2015 5-year ACS?
How many more dollars was median income for male full time workers than female in the 2015 5-year ACS?
How many in percent weren't below the poverty line for families in the 2015 5-year ACS?
How many in percent weren't below the poverty line for the population in the 2015 5-year ACS?
How many in percent weren't below the poverty line for under the age of 18 in the 2015 5-year ACS?
How many in percent weren't below the poverty line for 65 or over in the 2015 5-year ACS?
Which median income was higher, for a household or for a family?
How many more dollars was the median income for a family than the median income for a household?
Which gender had a lower median income, males or females?
Which was more below the poverty line, families or population?
How many more dollars was the median income of a male than a female?
Which makes more a year, a household or family?
Which makes more a year, Male or female?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a household?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a male?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than a female?
How many more dollars a year does a family bring in a year than per capita?
How many more dollars a year does a male bring in a year than a female
How many more dollars a year does a male than per capita?
How many families are not below the poverty line?
How many people of the population are not below the poverty line?
How many people under the age 18 are not below the poverty line?
How many of those aged 65 or over are not below the poverty line?
Who had the smallest median income of full time workers, males $46,372 or females $39,690?
Which age group had the least people below the poverty line, under age 18 or 65 or over?
Which was the largest median income in the 2015 ACS, $61,809 family or $51,968 household?
How many dollars was the difference between the median income for a family and for a household?
How many percentage points more poor people are under 18 than the average?
How many dollars less is the per capita income than the median income for males?
Who had a higher median income, females or males?
Which median income was lower, household or family?
Which had a higher median income, males or females?
Which group had more people below the poverty line, families or population?
Which age group was more in poverty, those under the age 18 or aged 65 or over?
How many more dollars was the male median income than the female median income?
Was the median income higher for households or families?
How many more dollars was the males median income versus the female?
Were there more people living in poverty uner the age of 18 or ages 65 and over?
How many percent of the population was not living belows the poverty line?
Which was larger the median household income or the median family income?
Which group had a higher median income, males or females?
How many more dollars did males make as a median income compared to females?
How many percent of the families lived above the poverty line?
Was a higher percentage of those under 18 or 65 and over living in poverty?
How many more people live in family size household compared to an average sized household?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent are not same-sex partnerships?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
How many household groups made up more than 30% of the population?
How many more households were married couples and household with children under 18 than someone living alone over 64 and male householders with no husband present combined in percent?
How many more households were non-families than someone living alone over 64 and male householders with no husband present combined in percent?
How many more households had children under the age of 18 than male householders with no wife present and someone living alone over the age of 64, in percent?
How many more households had a female householder with no husband present than someone living alone over the age of 64 and male householders with no wife present combined in percent?
How many more non-families were there than household with a male householder with no wife present and a female householder with no husband present?
How many more households were non-families than someone living alone over 64 and male householders with no wife present combined in percent?
How many more households had male and female householders with no spouse present combined than houses with a person over 64 living alone?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not married couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent are not male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent are not same-sex couples households?
Which groups in average are under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't married couples living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: married couples living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
How many games had the Steelers lost before playing the Browns?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
Who lost the game?
How many points did the Steelers win the game by?
Who scored more points, Ravens or Steelers
Which team scored the first points of the game, Steelers or Ravens?
Who sent an expedition force to place his nominee in 1814?
How many years was it between the first and second expedition forces being sent?
Which event happened first, four failed expeditions or Bodawpaya's death?
Which event happened first, Bodawpaya's death or the siege to the Burmese garrison?
Who did British support?
What happened when Burmese reinforcements approached?
How many years after Manipur's independence from Burma did Bodawpaya place Marjit Singh on the Manipuri throne?
How many years did Marjit Singh remain loyal to Bodawpaya for placing him on the Manipuri throne?
Who ruled Junkceylon?
How many years since Manipur had gained independence from Burma did Bodawpaya send an expedition to force his nominee on the throne?
How many years after Bodawpaya placed his nominee on the Manipuri thrown did he die?
Who has Bodawpaya's successor?
How many months was it between Bodawpaya's death and Bagyidaw's expedition force being sent?
How many years passed in between Bodawpaya's death and the First Anglo-Burmese War?
How many months was it between the raja escaping to Cachar after Bagyidaw's invasion force and the raja's forces laying siege to the Burmese garrison at Imphal?
How many different names were the supporters of the treaty known by?
How many days after Liam Lynch was killed did Frank Aiken take over?
How inches large was the British Howitzer?
How many mm was the caliber of the largest field gun employed by the German Army?
How many mm was the largest caliber of howitzer employed by Germany?
How many mm was a typical British gun?
Which country had the largest mm guns, Germany, Austrian, British or French?
How many more mm was the largest German howitzer compared to the largest French & British guns?
How many mm smaller were the smallest French & British guns compared to the smallest German howitzers?
How many mm larger were the largest fielded Austrian guns than the largest German howitzers?
How many mm larger were the smallest Austrian guns than the smallest German howitzers?
What gun was difficult to transport and put together?
How many mm larger were the smaller guns used by the German Army than those used by the Allies?
How many mm larger were the larger German howitzers than the smaller ones?
How many mm larger was the largest German fun than the smallest?
Which guns were larger, howitzers or Austrian guns?
Which team scored first in the game?
How many points were the Browns ahead going into the half?
Which team won the game?
What team did the Bears lose to last game?
Which team scored first?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points got the Redskins on the board?
How many points did Detroit score in the third quarter?
How many games had the Lions lost before this game?
What happened first, Bush designates Bahrain as a major non-NATO ally or U.S. signed Defense Cooperation Agreement?
How many military support equipment Bahrain recieve?
How many machines did Bahrain receive after the Gulf War?
How many more tanks than aircraft did Bahrain receive after the Gulf War?
How many more tanks than Cobra helicopters did Bahrain receive after the Gulf War?
How many more tanks than aircraft were sold to Bahrain after the Gulf War?
How many more tanks than helicopters were sold to Bahrain after the Gulf War?
How many tanks, aircraft and helicopters total did the US sell to Bahrain?
Did the US sell more aircraft or helicopters to Bahrain?
How many years passed after the Defense Cooperation Agreement in 1991 before Bahrain was designated as a major ally of the US?
How many years after Bahrain and the United States signed a Defense Cooperation Agreement did George Bush designate Bahrain as a major non-NATO ally of the United States?
Did Bahrain receive more tanks from the United States after the Gulf War or Cobra helicopters?
Did Bahrain receive more tanks or aircraft from the United States?
Did Bahrain receive more tanks or helicopters from the United States?
Was Bahrain designated as a major non-NATO ally before or after receiving $100 million in foreign military funding?
How many total tanks, aircraft and helicopters did the US give Bahrain after the Gulf War?
How many years after the Defense Cooperation Agreement was signed did Bush name Bahrain as a major non-NATO ally?
Which military equipment did Bahrain get less than 20 of each?
How many more tanks were received by Bahrain than Cobra helicopters?
Who had the largest median income in the city, family $61,656 or household $51,581?
Which median age for males was the smallest in the city population, age 34 or 18?
Which age had the highest percentage below the poverty line, under age 18 or over 65?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for males working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the Median income for females working full-time?
How many more dollars was the median household income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the  Per capita income for the city?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group in population size is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
How many percent of the population is not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of families is not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of people under the age of 18 are not living below the poverty line?
How many percent of people 65 and over are not living below the poverty line?
How many more dollars was the median family income than the median household income?
Which age group populated the city more, under the age of 18 or 25 to 44?
How many age groups populated the city each by more than 30%?
How many age groups populated the city each by less than 10%?
Which were there more males for, for every 100 females or for ever 100 females age 18 and over?
How many more dollars is the median income for a family than the median income for a household in the city?
Which gender had a lower median income, males or females?
Which age group was more below the poverty line, those under age 18 or those age 65 or over?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the largest age group compared to the two smallest age groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second largest age group compared to the two smallest age groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were 24 and younger compared to between 25 to 44?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were 45 and older compared to between 18 to 24?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were between 18 to 44 compared to 45 and older?
How many more destroyers did Ozawa have than aircraft carriers?
How many aircraft carriers did Halsey have?
How many more aircraft did the US fleet have than Ozawa's?
How many more carriers did halsey have than Ozawa?
How many days did these events span?
How many ships comprised Ozawa's "Northern Force"?
How many hours passed from when Ozawa's force was located and  Halsey detached TF 34?
How many airships did the United States Navy (USN) hope to use the V-1710 in?
Which airship was lost later, the Akron or the Macon?
How many years after the Akron was lost was the Macon lost?
How many months after the USAAC purchased its first V-1710 was the Akron lost?
How many years after acquiring the V-1710 was the engine next flown in the Consolidated XA-11A testbed?
How many months after being flown in the testbed did the V-1710-C6 successfully completed the USAAC 150 hour Type certificate?
How many types of aircraft was the engine used in?
Which was lost first, the Macon or the Akron?
How many years after the Akron was lost was the Macon lost?
How many degrees was it outside?
Who had more yards on the game Garret Wolfe or Adrian Peterson?
How many more yards did Peterson have for the game than Wolfe?
How many incomplete passes did Orton have?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many points did the Bears score against the Packers in total during the season?
How many total points did the Packers score against the Bears during the season?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many more yards did Peterson have than Wolfe?
How many incomplete passes did Kyle Orton throw?
How many yards was Matt ryans first Nfl career pass?
Who was victorious at the Battle of Kinsale?
When did the Nine Years' War in Ireland had begin?
The Spanish accepted terms of surrender and returned home while?
The new king of England, James I, was the Protestant son and successor to?
whose execution had been a proximate cause of the war?
How many years between the first armada and the last?
What happened first, final armada was sent or King Philip II died?
How many  Ulster lords rose up against English forces?
Which country helped Hugh O'Neill and Red Hugh O'Donnell  against the English?
Who did the English help?
How many years after the first armada did King Phiip II die?
How did Philip III feel about the war
How many armadas were there all together?
How many times did the Spanish experience weather disasters as they tried to attack Ireland?
In which year was a Spanish armada inhibited due adverse weather, 1596 or 1597?
Which nation experienced success in the town or Kinsale, Spanish or English?
Which decided to not surrender and continue fighting, Spanish or Irish?
What year did the Nine Years' War end?
How many years after the start of the Nine Years' War did Philip II die?
The mutiny of a senior commander caused the loss of how many troops of the southern army?
How many armies were there
Who had a mutiny
How many month after a Siamese supported rebellion broke out at Lampang did  the rebels take Chiang Mai?
Which occurred last, the armies withdrew or two Burmese armies of were to invade Lan Na and Siam?
Which happened first, the rebels took Chiang Mai or  Singu took no action when Vientiane and Luang Prabang stopped paying tribute?
What happened first: Siamese supported rebellion broke out or the rebels took Chiang Mai?
What happened second: Siamese supported rebellion broke out or the rebels took Chiang Mai?
How many years passed since a Siamese supported rebellion broke out and the rebels took Chiang Mai?
How many total soldiers made up the two Burmese armies?
How many years passed between the rebellion at Lampang in Lan Na and when Vientiane and Luang Prabang stopped paying tribute?
How many years passed between the rebellion at Lampang in Lan Na and the death of Hsinbyushin?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which team scored more points during the third quarter?
How many points did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Eagles score after the 1st quarter?
Who finished the game as quarterback for the Eagles?
How many players left the game with concussions?
How many punts were there in the first half?
Who got the Chargers on the board?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick in the second quarter?
Which team allowed the least points?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many points did the Falcons lose by?
How many players scored for the Panthers?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many times did the Panthers score in the game?
Which team won the game between the Panthers and the Falcons?
How many points did the Panthers lose by?
How many players did the Panthers lose to injury during the game?
Which Panthers players were injured during the game?
How many ex-prisoners and prison guards participated in the uprising?
How many rebels in total participated in the Thai Nguyen uprising?
Which happened first, the Thái Nguyên uprising or the Nghe-Tinh Revolt?
How many rebels mutinied at the Thai Nguyen Penitentiary?
Which happened first, the Nghe-Tinh Revolt or the Thái Nguyên uprising?
Which happened first, the mutiny of prison guards at the Thai Nguyen Penitentiary, or the Pacification of Tonkin?
In the prison mutiny, were more civilians or prison guards involved?
How many more ex-prisoners than prison guards were involved in the mutiny?
Which side hadmore deaths, colonial or anti-colonial?
How many years did the Nghe-Tinh Revolt occur during?
About how many civilians, ex-prisoners and prison guards made up the rebels?
How many more colonials were killed than anti-colonials?
How many civilians, expreisoners and prison guards were involved in the revolt?
Which group had more people, civilians, ex-prisoners or prison guards?
How many more civilians were there than ex-prisoners?
How many more ex-prisoners were there than prison guards?
Which group suffered more casualties, colonial side or anti-colonial side?
How many more people were killed on the colonial side than on the anti-colonial side?
How many years did the Nghe-Tinh Revolt last?
Which side had success during the revolt, rebels or French government?
How many people committed suicide in January 1918 to avoid capture?
Who mutinied at theThai Nguyen Penitentiary?
Which happened later, Pegues being promoted to CBS News Justice and Homeland Security Correspondent or the publishing of Black and Blue: Inside the Divide between the Police and Black America?
What station did Pegues work at prior to joining WABC-TV?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, Pegues being named a CBS news Correspondent, or him reporting on Hurricane Rita?
What event happened first, Jeff covering both the Democratic and Republican National Convention, or him reporting on Hurricane Rita?
What event happened first, Pegues being named a correspondent for CBS News, or Jeff covering both the Democratic National Convention and Republican National Convention?
What event happened first, Pegues being promoted to CBS News Justice, or him reporting on Hurricane Rita?
What event happened first, Pegues reporting on Hurricane Rita, or him being named a Correspondent for CBS News?
In what month was Peques names CBS News' Transportation Correspondent?
How many years was Pegues at CBS News before being promoted to the Justice and Homeland Security Correspondent?
Where did Pegues work first CBS News or WABC-TV?
At which stations did Pegues earn Emmy nominations?
How many resolutions did Cyprus recognize the Armenian genocide with?
How many years after Cyprus recognized the Armenian genocide did the Armenian language become officially recognized?
How many total resolutions were there?
How many different countries are a small number of Armenians in Cyprus coming from?
How many years between Cyprus recognizing Armenian genocide and Armenian being recognized as a minority language in Cyprus?
How many Armenian Genocide resolutions were there?
How many resolutions were issued by Cypress to recognise the Armenian Genocide
What was the first resolution issued by Cypress to recognise the Armenian Genocide?
How many days went by between the declaration of war on Saint Louis and the French army arriving in Taillebourg?
How many wars did Henry wage in total?
How many years was it before the Capetians responded with violence?
After conquering Lusignan, how many days did Henry stay there?
Who were invited to Easter?
Who is Count Alphonse of Poiters's mother
How many years leading up to 1242 had they carried out with the royal affairs?
Which country did Louis IX take with force?
How many people departed Portsmouth for Royan and joined the rebelling French nobles?
which year did they join the French nobles?
Who was born first: Blanche of Castile or Count Alphonse of Poiters?
Who was born last: Blanche of Castile or Count Alphonse of Poiters?
How many months after Count Alphonse of Poiters called together the Poitevin nobles, did Louis assemble a force at Chinon?
How many touchdown passes did Matthew Stafford of the Detroit Lions throw?
How many touchdowns were completed by Joique Bell?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards on average were field goals kicked in the first half?
How many yards long on average were touchdowns scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Joique Bell's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Which players threw 2 or more touchdown passes?
How many yards, to one decimal place, on average were Josh McCown's touchdown passes?
How many yards on average were Matthew Stafford's touchdown passes?
Who caught touchdown passes from Matthew Stafford?
From what yard line did both quarterbacks throw a touchdown pass?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many yards longer was Patrick Murray's longest field goal than Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many more yards of field goals did Matt Prater make than Patrick Murray?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Matt Stafford make?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half than the shortest?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored by both Josh McCown and Joique Bell?
How many homes games has New England played so far this season?
What did Brady fail at during the Panther's game?
What came with the game loss?
How many wins do the Patriots have for the season?
Who was the visiting team?
Who scored more points, Panthers or Patriots?
How many points did the Patriots lose by?
How many times did the Chargers sack the Raiders?
How many sacks did Shawne Merriman have?
How many passes did Philip Rivers throw incomplete?
How many times Has Oakland been shutout in their own stadium?
In how many games against the Raiders Marty Schottenheimer was the head coach?
How many points did the Raiders score?
How many sacks did the Chargers have?
How many incomplete passes did Rivers have?
How many more times has Schottenheimer beat the Raiders instead of losing to them?
How many career victories does Chuck Knox have?
how many points did the raiders win in 1961?
how many yards did the chargers carry?
how many yards did rivers attempt?
how many years had merriman played?
how many points did the raiders lead by for the record?
how many career victories had schottenheimer had?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Which team was the visiting team?
How many yards was the longest TD of the game?
How many field goals did Gostkowski attempt in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play of the first half?
How many points were the Saints leading by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many of Brees passes were incomplete?
Which quarterback threw a touchdown in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
Which team scored the last touchdown in the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Who kicked the first field goal of the second half?
How many more touchdowns did the 49ers score than the Lions?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Which player had the first touchdown run?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many more losses than wins did the Lions have after this game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most second quarter points?
How many quarters did the Lions go scoreless?
IN which quarter did the Lions get their first points?
How many losses on the season did Detroit start the game with?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' field goal than Jason Hanson's field goal?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were made?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many total field goal yards were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' field goal than Jason Hanson's field goal?
How many total combined yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
Which players kicked a field goal of at least 30 yards?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw?
Which player scored the first points of the game, Malcom Floyd or Jacob Hester?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
Which player kicked the last field goal, Nate Kaeding or Jacob Hester?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding have in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's second field goal over his first?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passing yards did Rivers have during the first quarter?
Which players caught touchdowns passes of 10 yards or longer?
How many yards difference was there between Kaeding's longest and shortest field goals?
How many more touchdown passes did Rivers have compared with Cassel?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 10 yards?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 15 yards were made?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Nate Kaeding kick?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Matt Cassel or Philip Rivers?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw longer than Matt Cassel's longest?
How many yards difference is there between Philip Rivers' longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
In which quarter was the shortest field goal kicked?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the last field goal at?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who made a 46-yard field goal?
Which team did the Titans play week 5?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points ahead were the Steelers at the half?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the first half?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the second half?
Which team lost the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Scobee or Shaun Suisham?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Scobee make?
Which QB threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Josh Scobee make?
How many yards longer was Josh Scobee's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more total field goal yards did Josh Scobee make than Shaun Suisham?
Which team scored fewer times during the second quarter?
How many yards did Portis run for touchdowns in the second quarter?
How many points were the Redskins leading by at the half?
How many points did the Redskins lose the game by?
How many yards longer was Gano's first field goal over his second one?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored first in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many field goals between 30 and 45 yards were made?
How many total yards did Matt Schaub throw for touchdowns?
How many yards did Clinton Portis have on rushing touchdowns?
From what distance were there two rushing touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Chad Ochocinco receive?
How many passes did Charles Woodson intercept?
How many 5-yard touchdown passes did Carson Palmer throw?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown than the second?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were scored in the game?
Which player had the only return touchdown?
Which kicker missed a field goal of over 50 yards?
Which team punted first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored first in the second half?
How many years was Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo, son of the Zulu king Cetshwayo exiled at St Helena?
Which year was the latest that Diphtheria broke out?
How many more outbreak of measles resulted in cases than deaths?
Which group had the most people with outbreak of measles, cases or deaths?
Which illness resulted in the largest amount of deaths, Measles or Diphtheria?
Which year had the most children die from whooping cough, 1893 or 1903?
How many more people lived in Jamestown in 1901 than in 1891?
How many cases of measles in 1886 did not result in death?
How many more people were there in 1901 than there were in 1891?
How many more people lived on the island in 1901 than in 1891?
How many years was Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo exiled?
What year was there an outbreak of Diphtheria and whooping cough?
How many years passed between when the two peace treaties were signed?
How many years did the Anglo-Spanish war last?
How many years did the Anglo-Spanish War last
How many treaties were there
How many years did the Anglo-Spanish War last for?
How many years after the signing of the first peace treaty, was the second peace treaty signed?
For how many years did the Anglo-Spanish War last for?
How many years after the war began did the English invade ethe Spanish territory in the Caribbean?
How many years was it between the first peace tready and the second peace treaty signed at Madrid?
How many years after the Anglo-Spanish War started was it before it merged into the Franco-Spanish War?
How many years did the Anglo-Spanish War last?
How many years after the beginning of the war did the English invade Spanish territory in the Caribbean?
How many years did the Anglo-Spanish war overlap with the larger Franco-Spanish War?
How many years aapart were the two peace treaties signed in Madrid?
What two nationalities were a part of the Anglo-Spanish War?
Which happened first, the English invading Spanish Caribbean territory or actions in the Spanish Netherlands?
How many years apart were the two peace treaties that ended the war?
How many years after the merging of the Anglo-Spanish war with the Franco-Spanish war did the war officially end?
How many years was the second peace treaty signed after the first?
How many years after the Anglo-Spanish War began did England form an alliance with France?
How many years after the Anglo-Spanish War began was the first peace treaty ending the war signed?
How many years did the he Anglo-Spanish War last?
How many miles apart were Sollum and Mersa Matruh?
What endangered Sollum?
When did the army start the rebellion?
Who was closer to Alexandria, Sollum or Mersa Matruh?
What was the furthest from Alexandria?
What was the closest to Alexandria?
What was the last place the British sent troops to?
Which was closer to Alexandria, Sollum or Mersa Matruh?
Did the reinforcement troops go to Matruh or to Dabaa?
How many days after the order to form a Western Frontier Force was the 2nd Battalion New Zealand Rifle Brigade sent to Dabaa?
How many different entities were sent to Dabaa to guard the railway?
How many miles from Alexandria was Mersa Matruh?
How many days after orders were given  to form a Western Frontier Force were the 2nd Battalion New Zealand Rifle Brigade sent to Dabaa to guard the railway?
How many miles from Alexandria was Mersa Matruh?
How many miles farther was Sollum from Alexandria than Wadi Natrun?
What date did the skirmishes stop along the Afghanistan border?
How many commanders continued to operate out of Afghanistan?
How many people were caught and executed?
What happened first, the threat agains Khiva or the Basmachi movement?
How many years after Junaid Khan threatened Khiva, was he finally exiled?
How many years after Ibrahim Bek was executed, were the last strongholds of the Basmachi destroyed?
How many years after Juaid Kham threatened Khiva was he exiled?
How many years after the Basmachi uprising had died out in most parts of Central Asia were the last strongholds of the Basmachi destroyed in Kyrgyzstan?
How many years after threatening Khiva was Junaid Khan exiled?
How many years after Junaid Khan threatened Khiva was he then exiled?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored in the first half?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which team won this game??
How many points were scored in the first half?
Who missed a field goal at the end of regulation?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Matthew Stafford throw?
How many yards longer was Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Brandon Weeden throw?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Lions  win by?
Who kicked the last field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Browns winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many losses did the Browns have after the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes by halftime?
How many total yards did Joseph Fauria have on touchdown receptions?
How many passes did C. J. Fiedorowicz receive?
How many passes did Jaelen Strong receive?
How many touchdowns did Miller score?
How much time was left when the Texans tied the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Lindell  successfully convert?
How many field goals did  Phil Dawson  successfully convert?
How many losses did the Browns have after losing to the Bills?
How many wins did the Browns have after losing to the Bills?
Who scored more points in the 1st half, Browns or Bills?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game
how many yards did nelson pass?
how many did the bills lead by?
how many did the browns lose by?
how many yards did dawson kick?
how many yards did hillis run over the season?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored this game?
How many losses did the Browns before this game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Buffalo lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Cleveland lose by?
How many years have passed since the cave was discovered to when they became part of the Sabah Museum?
What were the caves used for before it became a Museum?
What art is carved onto the coffins?
Which animals were associated with their heroes?
How many years were the caves were used as a burial place?
What isn't the Sabah Museum responsible for?
How many different animals were the coffins decorated with?
How many other sites are there?
Who made the coffins?
How many years went by between the discovery of the cave and their becoming a part of the Sabah museum?
How many coffins are in Agop Sawat, Agop Lintanga, Agop Suriba and along the Kinabatangan Valley?
How many days after the Battle of Killiecranie were 5000 men defeated by government forces at the Battle of Dunkeld
Which event happened first, the Battle of Killiecrankie or the Battle of Dunkeld
Which Battle occured first, the Battle of Killiecrankie or the Battle of Dunkeld?
How many more men did the Jacobite rebels have compared to the Cameronian Regiment?
How many days after the Battle of Killiecrankie was the Battle of Dunkeld?
Who had more men, the Jacobite rebels or the Cameronian Regiment?
How many more men were in the Jacobite party than in the Cameronian Regiment?
Which battle took place first, the Battle of Killiecrankie or the Battle of Dunkeld?
Which two battles saw a loss of leaders in 1689?
What event happened first, the Battle of Killiecrankie or John Graham of Claverhouse was made Viscount Dundee?
How many months passed between the Battle of Killiecrankie and the Battle of Dunkeld?
How many more men were in the rebel army than the Cameronian Regiment?
Which team was trailing at halftime?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal in the first quarter?
How many yards shorter was Ben Roethlisberger second touchdown pass compared to his first?
how many yards did dawson make?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete?
how many yards did Ward pass for the touchdown?
how many yards did roethlisberger pass to miller?
how many yards did dawson make?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete?
how many yards did ward pass?
how many yards did mccoy complete?
how many yards did roethlisberger pass to miller?
How many total TD pass yards did Roethlisberger throw?
How many total TD pass yards did McCoy throw?
Which player completed the second longest TD pass?
Which player completed the third longest TD pass?
Which player completed the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
How many weeks did Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon run for?
How many days after Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon premiered in cinemas in limited release did it premier in wide release?
Which film made more money during the weekend they were both released, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon or Save the Last Dance?
How many more dollars did Save the Last Dance gross when it was release than Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon?
What was wrong with Chris Long?
By how many points did the Rams lose their home opener?
Who was injured
How many points did they lose by
How many QB's were injured
How many points were scored in the game?
How many entities were trying to gain influence in China?
How many months after the Khalkha nobles said that Mongolia must declare its independence from the Qing dynasty did Outer Mongolia declare independence?
How many months after revolution broke out in China did Outer Mongolia declare independence?
How many years did the Bogd Khaan era last?
Who was the Bogd Khaan of Mongolia?
How many years did the Bogd Khaan era last?
How many years did the Bogd Khaan era last?
How many months after a group of Khalkha nobles persuaded the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu that Mongolia must declare its independence from the Qing dynasty did a revolution break out in China?
How many months after a revolution broke out in China did Outer Mongolia declare independence?
How many days after Outer Mongolia declared independence from the Qing government was Khutuktu installed as the Bogd Khaan of Mongolia?
What year was the new stadium finished?
which month was the Singapore sports hub completed?
How many Southeast Asian Games happened prior to 2015?
What were most of the venues used for prior to the 2015 Southeast Asian Games?
How many years after the completion of the Singapore Sports Hub were the 2015 Southeast Asian Games?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many touchdown passes did Ryan Fitzpatrick have in the first half?
Which Bills player had two touchdown receptions in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Joe Flacco have in the first half?
Which Ravens player caught both touchdown passes in the first half?
How many field goals did  Billy Cundiff have in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens have in the second half?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
How many total touchdown passes did Joe Flacco throw?
Which kicker scored the most field goals?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell have?
How many cities submitted after the fall of Pegu?
How many months passed between the fall of Syriam and the fall of Pegu?
What was the first city to fall according to this passage?
Which event happened first, Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma or Pegu was sacked?
How many months did it take Konbaung forces to invade Lower Burma and capture Irrawaddy delta and Dagon?
How many towns submitted after Pegu's fall?
What happened first: Hanthawaddy launched a full invasion or Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma?
What happened second: Hanthawaddy launched a full invasion or Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma?
How many months after the fall of Syriam was Pegu sacked?
Which happened later, Upper Burma was conquered or Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma?
How many months after Konbaung forces invaded Lower Burma did they capture Dagon?
How many villages submitted after the fall of Pegu?
How many areas were captured between 1755 and 1757?
How many years after Hanthawaddy conquered all of Upper Burma did he fail to launch a full invasion?
How many years passed between the conquer of Upper Burma and the invasion of Lower Burma?
Which city has more crime, Dallas or St Louis?
Which two cities have a crime rate of around 24 per 1000 people?
How many cities have a lower violent crime rate than Dallas?
Which city has a larger crime rate than Cleveland but lower than Baltimore?
How many more people per crime rate exist in Miami than in Washington, D.C.?
Who has the most crime, Baltimore or Boston?
Which has a higher crime rate Dallas or St. Louis?
Which has a higher crime rate Dallas or Baltimore?
Which has a higher crime rate Philadelphia or Miami?
Which has a higher crime rate D.C. or New York City?
Which has a lower crime rate Houston or Dallas?
How many cities have a crime rate above 15 per 1000 people?
How many cities have a crime rate below 14 per 1000 people?
Which city has the lowest crime rates according the FBI?
Which city has the highest crime rates according to the FBI?
How many more crime rate points did Baltimore have than Los Angeles?
Which city had more crime rate: Washington D.C. or Houston?
Which city had lowest violent crime rate?
Which city had the highest violent crime rate?
Which city had the second highest violent crime rate?
Which city had a higher crime rate Baltimore or Philadelphia?
Which city had a lower violent crime rate Kansas City of Houston?
How many points lower was New York City's violent crime rate, compared to Dallas?
How many points greater was Detroit's violent crime rate when compared to Los Angeles?
Which cities had a violent crime rate higher than 23?
Which cities had a violent crime rate lower than 8?
Which cities had a violent crime rate between 11 and 13?
Who was credited with a safety?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed have?
On which play in the second quarter did James Harrison force a fumble?
Which penalty called back a touchdown for Pittsburgh?
How many games have ended with the score 11-10?
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Who scored more points in the game, Chargers or Steelers?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
What was the Ravens record after this game?
Including this game, how many games had the Ravens played this season?
Which team lost the game?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
How many wins did the Ravens have after the game?
Which happened first, the capture of Edinburgh or the invasion of England by the Jacobite army?
Which happened first, the victory at Falkirk Muir or the Battle of Culloden?
What happened first, the Battle of Prestonpans or the Jacobite army entering Derby?
How many revolts occured between 1689 and 1745?
How many months did the Jacobite rising of 1745 last?
How many years past between the first and last Jacobite revolt?
How many years past between Battle of Prestonpans and Flakirk Muir?
The Forty-five Rebellion is another name for what?
Who was James Francis Edward Stuart's son?
Between 1689 and 1745 how many revolts were there?
How many months did the rebellion last?
What happened first, the Rising of Jacobite or the beginning of the revolts?
How many months did it take for the Jacobite army to reach Derby?
Which event happened first, the invasion of England, or the capturing Edinburgh?
How many years did the series of revolts last?
How many years did revolts take place?
How many years did the last series of revolts last?
How many months did the Forty-five Rebellion last?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino?
How many percent of the population did not identify as white?
Which racial group was larger as of the 2010 census, Asian or African American?
Which racial group was larger as of the 2010 census, African American or American Indian?
Which racial group was larger as of the 2010 census, Pacific Islander or Amerian Indian?
How many percent of people in the 2010 census did not identify themselves as being of German ancestry?
Which ancestral group had more people as of the 2010 census, English or Irish?
How many more people were there than households?
Which racial group made up the least of the population?
Which group populated the county more, other races or two or more races?
Which racial group had a larger presence in the country, Asian or African American?
Which ancestry populated the county more, English American or Americans?
How many racial groups each made up less than 10% of the population?
Which ancestry group populated the county the least?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: German American or English American?
Which group from the census is smaller: German American or English American?
Which group from the census is larger: German American or Irish American?
Which group from the census is smaller: German American or Irish American?
Which group from the census is larger: English American or Irish American?
Which group from the census is smaller: English American or Irish American?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't American Indian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: white or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: white or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or American Indian?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or two or more races?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
How many percent were not American?
How many more people are there than households?
How many total households and families were there in the county in 2010?
How many percentage points of the population was either Irish and German American?
How many more people were there than total households?
What were the bottom 3 racial populations in terms of percentage of whole population?
What was the most prevalent ethnicity?
What was the third most prevalent ethnicity?
Which made up more of a percentage of the population, Pacific Islander or American Indian?
What race makes up the majority of the population?
What race makes up the smallest percentage of the population?
What ancestry made up the majority of the population?
What ancestry made up the smallest percentage of the population?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more households than families in the city?
How many more percent were African American than Pacific Islander?
How many more housing units than families in the city?
Which race had the largest percentage of people, Native American or Asian?
Which race had the smallest percentage of people?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not Black?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not from Race?
How many percent of people were not from two or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanics?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 2%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
What were the 2 biggest racial groups?
What was the smallest racial group?
What was the third biggest racial group?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest racial group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest racial group compared to the fourth smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest racial group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest racial group compared to the fourth smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second biggest racial group compared to the third biggest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the three biggest racial groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the three smallest racial groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the four smallest racial groups combined?
Where there more people or households?
Where there fewer households or families?
How many more households were there compared to families?
How many fewer households were there compared to housing units?
Which race had more people in the city, White or African American?
Which race had fewer people, Native American or Asian?
How many more percent of African Americans were there compared to Whites in the city?
How many fewer percent of the people were Pacific Islander compared to Asian?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than households?
Which race made up a larger percentage of the population, White or African American?
Which race made up a larger percentage of the population, White or Native American?
Which race made up a larger percentage of the population, Asian or Pacific Islander?
Which race made up the largest percentage of the population?
Were there more households or housing units?
How many more people were there compared to families?
Were there fewer White people of African American people?
Were there more Native Americans or Asians?
Which groups had more than 25% of the population each?
How many percent of the population was not African American?
How many percent of the population did not consider themselves Hispanic or Latino?
Was the overall global mortality rate higher at 24 hours or 30 days?
How many patients involved in the prospective study survived the emergency laparotomy?
How many of the patients who died did not die between the 24 hours and 30 days following surgery?
How many touch down yards did michael bush run?
how many yards did arian foster run?
Which realm had an agreement with the Qing state?
Who were the "people of the Central Kingdom"?
Which saw less casualties, the Yangzhou massacre or the devastation of Sichuan and Jiangnan?
How many more people were killed as a result of the devastation of Sichuan and Jiangnan than the Yangzhou massacre?
How many provinces were completely altered by the Manchu conquest?
How many wins did the Falcons have after beating the Steelers?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many interceptions were there?
What city did the game occur in?
What was the Steelers record after this game?
Who won the Superbowl the previous season?
How many touchdowns did Alge Crumpler have in the game?
Which quarterback was injured in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many total points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Morten Andersen kick?
How many more field goal yards did Morten Anderson kick than Jeff Reed?
How many total yards did Michael Vick throw touchdowns for?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points did the Falcons win the game by?
How many points were the Steelers winning by at the end of the first half?
Which player caught the first td pass of the game?
How many yards was the first td of the game?
How many td passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
What were the distances of Ben Roethlisberger's td passes?
What were the distances of Alge Crumpler's td receptions?
What were the distances of Morten Andersen's successful field goals?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
What was the last scoring play of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were Atlanta trailing by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest scoring play?
How many field goals did Morten Andersen kick over 30 yards?
How many points were the Falcons ahead by after Morten Andersen's 25-yard field goal?
How many touchdown passes were under 20 yards?
How many touchdown passes were over 20 yards?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Steelers lead by at halftime?
How many receiving yards did Jeffery have?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which kicker had a field goal of at least 30 yards?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Gould kick?
How many total yards of field goals did Gould miss?
How many total yards of field goals did Walsh kick?
How many total yards of field goals did Walsh miss?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fifth longest field goal?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
How many total TD pass yards did McCown throw?
How many points did the Saints have at the end of the game?
How many points did the Panthers win by?
How many points did the Saints score in the fourth quarter?
How many seasons in team history did the Saints wear all-white uniforms?
How many years did Bishop Auckland serve?
How many are within the seat?
How many main forms of employment are there in Bishop Auckland?
How many years was Hugh Dalton MP for Bishop Auckland the second time?
How many things are listed to be within the seat?
How many "main employers are there counting coal mining?
How many years was Hugh Dalton the MP?
How many years was Hugh Dalton MP for Bishop Auckland?
How many years was Hugh Dalton the MP for Bishop Auckland?
How many areas are within the MP seat for Bishop Auckland?
How many years after the MP seat for Bishop Auckland was established did Hugh Dalton take the seat?
How many years did Hugh Dalton serve as MP after regaining the seat in 1935?
How many years did Hugh Dalton remain MP after regaining the seat in 1935?
How many years did it take Hugh Dalton to regain his seat after losing it in 1931?
When was the seat formed that contains Raby Castle?
How many games had the Browns won before this game?
How many points did Dawson score in the first half?
Which player was first to score in the game?
From what yard line was a field goal and a touchdown scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
Were there more field goals or touchdowns scored in the first half?
Which kicker scored the fewest field goals?
How many field goals shorter than 26 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the entire game?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards shorter was Phil Dawson's only field goal of the second half compared to Mike Nugent's only field goal of the second half?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown in the game?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make than Mike Nugent?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more total yards did Phil Dawson kick for field goals than Mike Nugent?
How many points each team had at the end of fourth quarter?
How many games did Panthers win before they met Colts?
How many losses do the Panthers have?
How many points did the Colts score in the first thee quarters?
How many interceptions did Andrew Luck throw?
Which team was Manning playing for?
Which team is Schaub on?
Which team got on the board first?
How many wins did the Texans come into this game with?
Which team lost this game?
How many points did Houston score in the second half?
How many points did Denver score in the first half?
How many points did Houston score in the first half?
How many points did Denver score in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score in the third quarter?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team scored a safety?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored the most points?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Titans score in the 3rd quarter?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Akers make?
Which kicker made more field goals?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the second half?
Who scored the first field goal?
How many battalions, cavalry squadrons, and artillery batteries did the Romanian army have?
How many more battalions than cavalry squadrons did the Romanian army have?
How many more battalions than artillery batteries did the Romanian army have?
Did the Romanian army have more battalions or cavalry squadrons?
How many passes did Freeman have dropped?
Who scored an 83 yard interception touchdown?
How many more rushing yards than receiving yards did Doug Martin have?
How many passing yards did Freeman have?
How many yards was the longest interception return?
How many incomplete passes did Freeman throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the first half?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many yards was Nick Folk's longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many more field goals did Folk make than Cundiff?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the third longest field goal?
Which players fumbled?
Which player made a field goal by halftime?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
when 1958, D Troop was reconstituted in the Regular Army and redesignated as Headquarters and Headquarters Troop?
when D Troop, 10th Cavalry Regiment was reactivated and assigned to the 3rd Brigade?
Was D Troop attached to the 3rd Brigade or the 4th Reconnaissance Squadron second?
After June 25, 1958, how many years until the D Troop was redesignated again?
Where was the D troop stationed at first, Fort Benning or Fort Knox?
How many years after the troop was redesignated as Troop D did it become part of the 5th Battalion, 33rd Armor Regiment of the 194th Armored Brigade?
How many years after reactivation was Troop D, 10th Cavalry inactivated again?
By how many people did the city grow since 2000?
How many percent of the population of Utah lives in Salt Lake City?
How many percent of the population of Salt Lake County lives in Salt Lake City itself?
How many percent of the area of Salt Lake County is not covered by Salt Lake City?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent is not Utah's population?
How many percent does not cover Salt Lake County?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
Which has more, households or families?
Which are there more of, people or housing units?
How many people did the population increase by from 2000?
Which were there more of, households or families?
Which contains a small portion of the equivalent population of the city, Utah, Salt Lake or new Salt Lake metropolitan?
How many more households were there than families?
How many people did population increase by from 2000?
How many more people were there than families?
How many more households were there than families?
How many more people was the population up from in 2000?
Which were there more of residing in the city, households or families?
How many more households were there in the city compared to families?
Where there more or less people in 2000?
How many fewer people were there in 2000?
Were there more households or families in the city?
Were there fewer housing units or households?
How many less households were there compared to housing units?
How many percent of the Salt Lake Countys population did not live in the city?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many field goals did the Redskins have in the game?
Who threw the winning touchdown pass?
How many points ahead were the Redskins at the end of the third quarter?
What did they do to try and delay surgery for Romo?
how many points did cousins get?
how many yards did wa return?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many was the longest touchdown run?
Who had the longest touchdown of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns of at least 70 yards did Frank Gore have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Nedney make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player had the most rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards did Frank Gore have on touchdown runs?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Frank Gore have compared to all other touchdowns?
How many more yards in field goals did Joe Nedney have compared to Olindo Mare?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Joe Nedney's field goals on average?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 37 yards?
How many field goals were kicked 37 yards or fewer?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Frank Gore have compared to the total yards in field goals kicked?
How many yards, to one decimal place, were all field goals kicked on average?
In what quarter were the fewest field goals kicked?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Joe Nedney or Olindo Mare?
How many more field goals did Joe Nedney score over Olindo Mare?
Which field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many total field goal yards did Joe Nedney make?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 35 yards did Joe Nedney kick?
Which player scored at least three field goals?
Which player scored the second most amount of field goals?
How many countries were apart of the Holly Alliance?
How many countries were apart of the Dual Alliance?
Which alliance had more members, the Holy Alliance or the Dual Alliance?
Which alliance was formed first, the Holy Alliance or the Dual Alliance?
Which alliance was formed later, the Triple Alliance or the Dual Alliance?
How many countries were in the Holy Alliance?
How many countries were in the League of the Three Emperors?
What happened first: Holy Alliance or League of the Three Emperors?
What happened second: Holy Alliance or League of the Three Emperors?
How many countries were in the Holy Alliance in 1871?
who was the last to join the Holy Alliance?
How many countries were part of the Holy alliance in 1815?
Which was first, the Holy Alliance or the Duel Alliance?
How many Alliances were there?
How many years pass before the Dual alliance became Triple Alliance?
In what year was the Triple Entente complete?
How many years after the Holy Alliance between Prussia, Russia and Austria was Germany united?
How many years after Germany was united did German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck negotiated the League of the Three Emperors between the monarchs of Austria-Hungary, Russia and Germany?
How many years after the League of the Three Emperors was formed did the Dual Alliance occur?
How many years did the Dual Alliance last before it became the Triple Alliance and include Italy?
How many years was it between Britain signing the Entente Cordiale with France did Britain and Russia sign the Anglo-Russian Convention?
How many more yards was Bush's touchdown reception compared to the cowboys touchdown by Beasly, in 4th quarter?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's second field goal over his first?
How many field goals longer than 25-yards did Robbie Gould kick?
How many touchdowns did the Bears make before halftime?
How many touchdowns id Tony Romo throw in the first quarter?
Who scored the Colts defensive touchdown?
Who replaced Jeff Garcia at quarterback?
What was the halftime score?
Which Colt had a receiving touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Joseph Addai score in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many hours was this game delayed from it's original scheduling?
How many yards were the first three scores of the game?
Which team won in their monday night game of 1989?
How many losses did the Bears have after the game was over?
How many percent of people in the 2010 census identified as a race other than white?
What racial group had more residents as of the 2010 census, Korean or Chinese?
Was the population of Nassau County higher in 2017 or 2010?
How many more people are estimated to have lived in Nassau County in 2017 compared to 2010?
What was the second largest racial group of Nassau County in 2010?
What was the third largest racial group of Nassau County in 2010?
Were there fewer Chinese or Japanese people in Nassau County in 2010?
Were there fewer Chinese or Filipino people in Nassau County in 2010?
Were there more Indian or Korean people in Nassau County in 2010?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population in Nassau County, were not White as of 2010?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population in Nassau County, were not Hispanic or Latino as of 2010?
What racial group made up the smallest percentage of people in Nassau County in 2010?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not Chinese?
How many percent of people were not Indian?
How many percent were not Korean?
How many percent were not Filipino?
How many percent were not Japanese?
How many more households than families reside in Nassau County?
How many more percentage of Asian than Chinese live in Nassau County?
How many percentage of the population are Japanese, Filipino and Korean combined?
How many more Chinese reside in Nassau County than Pacific Islander?
How many more Vietnamese than Pacific Islander live in Nassau County?
How many years was Roger Mortimer de facto rulers of England?
How many years was Mortimer imprisoned in the tower of London?
What happened first Roger Mortimer was imprisoned or attempted to break other Contrariants out of Windsor?
Which King Edward ousted Queen Isabella and Mortimer from power, King Edward II or King Edward III?
Who assumed power over England after Edward II?
When did Queen Isabella and Roger Mortimer invade England successfully?
How many wide receivers did the Browns cut?
How many players were added to the practice squad?
How many Browns players were placed on injured reserve?
How many players were added to the practice squad?
How many players need to be cut from the roster by August 27?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first field goal by Folk and the number of yards catch by Sanders?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many receptions did Emmanuel Sanders receive?
How many second quarter field goals over 30-yards did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Suisham have?
Which kicker had more total yards, Folk or Suisham?
Which quarter was the only quarter that both teams scored?
How many points did the Steleers win by?
How many total yards worth of field goals did Suisham have?
How many more yards of field goals did Suisham have than Folk?
How many yards longer was Suisham's longest field goal than Folk's shortest field goal?
How many more points ahead were the Steelers at the end of the game than they were before halftime?
How many yards was the second longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was Suisham's longest field goal in the first half compared to his shortest?
Who scored more points in the first half, Suisham or Nick Folk?
Were more points scored in the first or 2nd quarter?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal in the first half compared to his shortest?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Which players kicked 2 or more field goals?
How many yards on average were Nick Folk's field goals?
Who kicked longer field goals on average, Suisham or Nick Folk?
How many yards of field goals did Suisham kick in total?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have during the game?
Who's record did LaDainian Tomlinson break?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
How many points was San Diego up at halftime?
How many points did Denver score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have in the game?
How many touchdowns did San Diego have before halftime?
How many points of differential were there between the two teams at halftime?
How many points of differential were there between the two teams at the end of the game?
How many more wins than losses did San Diego have after this game?
How many more rushing touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson when compared to his receiving touchdowns for the total season?
Which group attempted a coup in Estonia?
How many government people were killed in the coup attempt?
What month was the failed coup attempt in Estonia staged by Communists?
What day was the failed coup attempt in Estonia staged by Communists?
What was the date for the failed coup attempt in Estonia staged by Communists?
How many communists were killed in the Estonia coup of 1924?
How many was the minimum amount of communists that were arrested in the Estonia coup of 1924?
How many more people were killed than arrested?
How many more participating communists died than government forces?
How many years passed between the Attempted coup and the failed coup attempt?
How many communists were killed in non-combatant scenarios?
How many of the Communists that participated survived?
How many years after the failed coupon did the Soviets occupy Estonia?
What year did Metropolitan France have the highest number of newborns with at least one parent originating from a risk region?
In 2000, 19 percent of all newborn babies in Metropolitan France had at least one parent originating from a risk region for what disease?
Which region had a higher percentage of newborns with a parent from risk regions in 2015, Brittany or Île-de-France?
How many percentage points did newborn babies from risk regions increase from 2005 to 2015 in Île-de-France?
How many percent of babies born in Metropolitan France in 200 did not have at least one parent originating from one of the risk regions?
How many percent increase was seen between 2000 and 2007 of at least one parent of babies born in Metropolitan France originating from one of the risk regions?
How many percent increase was seen between 2000 and 2010 of at least one parent of babies born in Metropolitan France originating from one of the risk regions?
How many percent increase was seen between 2000 and 2015 of at least one parent of babies born in Metropolitan France originating from one of the risk regions?
How many more percentage points of newborns had one parent from one of the risk regions in 2015 than in 2000?
By how many percentage points did the risk for children in Île-de-France increase from 2005 to 2015?
What disease do these statistics track?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored the longest field goal of the game?
After this game, how many times had Arizona lost this season?
How many field goals did Kasay make during the game?
How many field goals did Feely make during the game?
Did Kasay or Feely score more field goals in the game?
How many field goals over 25 yards did Kasay boot?
Except the longest field goal, how many yards was the average of all field goals?
Who kicked both the longest and the second shortest field goals?
How many yards longer was the second longest field goal over the second shortest field goal?
How many filed goals between 25 and 35 yards were scored?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards were kicked?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
Excluding their longest field goals, which player had the highest average length of field goals?
How many field goals longer than the average yards of field goals were scored?
How many field goals shorter than the average yards of field goals did Kasay kick?
How many field goals longer than the average yards of field goals did Feely boot?
How many more field goals did Feely need to equal Kasay's total number of field goals?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the longest and shortest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Jay Feely?
Which player had more field goals over 25 yards, John Kasay or Jay Feely?
How many more field goals did John Kasay make over Jay Feely?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay kick?
Which field goals did John Kasay make?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 50 yards?
How many field goals did John Kasay score in the first quarter?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals of 30 or more yards did John Kasay have?
Which players kicked field goals of over 25 yards?
What was the two shortest field goals of the game?
Who did Warner beat in the Super Bowl?
What is the Titans record?
How many yards was the game winning drive?
Who caught the game winning TD?
Who threw the winning touchdown pass?
About how many months did the Albanian refugees stay in Montenegro before they were forced to return to Kosovo Vilayet?
Which happened first, the Albanian Revolt of 1910 or the Albanian Revolt of 1911?
Which happened first, the Kingdom of Montenegro forcing their return to Kosovo Vilayet or  Albanian refugees sheltering in Montenegro?
Which happened first, the founding of the Albanian National Committee or the Albanian Revolt of 1911?
Who was the Prince, Nicholas or Danilo?
Who supported the uprising of the Malissori with arms?
How many days was the Committee held in Podgorica?
What was the first day of the Committee meeting in Podgorica?
What was the final score?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many field goals did San Diego make in the third quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass in the fourth quarter?
Which team made a field goal in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player had the most rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team had more rushing touchdowns?
Who had a 37-yard touchdown reception?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points was San Diego leading by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win the game by?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
Which team scored on the first interception?
Who scored on an interception in the first quarter?
Which player missed his first field goal attempt?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Bears win by?
What kind of offense did the Dolphins use with Pat White?
Who caught the longest touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many games did the Lakers win of their first 16 games?
How many teams finished with a worse record than the Lakers?
Which yard line did the Giants score from twice?
How many more yards was Gostkowski's second field goal over his first?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Whose third quarter field goal was longer, Tynes or Gostkowski?
How many touchdown passes were thrown during the game?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Lawrence Tynes’s field goal compared to Stephen Gostkowski’s field goal?
How many yards difference was Tom Brady’s first touchdown pass compared to Eli Manning’s first touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards difference was Eli Manning’s first touchdown pass compared to his second touchdown pass?
Who had the longest kick return touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Who broke the record for most points in the fourth quarter, Lions or Eagles?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould have in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns of over 40 yards were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Jon Kitna have?
What the third longest touchdown of the fourth quarter?
How many total yards combined did Jason Hanson and Robbie Gould have?
Which players scored touchdowns of at least 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 49 yard field goals were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Robbie Gould or Jason Hanson?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Brian Griese or Jon Kitna?
How many touchdowns over 60 yards were scored?
Were more points scored in the third quarter or the fourth?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jones-Drew and the yards of the field goal made by Bironas?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jones-Drew and the TD run by Finnegan?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD run by Jones-Drew and the yards of the TD run by Hope?
How many points total were scored?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points from touchdowns were in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals were scored?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many wins in a row did the Titans come into this game at?
Which team lost the ball in the first quarter?
Which player got the Jaguars on the board?
What was the score to start the second quarter?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
How many games had the Titans won for the season before this game?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the third quarter?
How many points short did the Jaguars come up short of a win?
Which team scored the second from last points of the game?
how many yards did Hanson complete?
how many yards did smith run?
how many yards did Hanson complete in the fourth?
In the first half, whose touchdown run was father, Barlow's or Addai
How many more passing yards did Manning have than Pennington
How many point were scored in the third quarter
Who was sacked more, Pennington or Manning?
How many more completions did Peyton Manning have than Chad Pennington?
How many more passing yards did Manning have than Pennington?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there?
Who caught Barkley's first career touchdown?
What was the first play of the second half?
How many passes did Marquess Wilson receive?
How many touchdowns did the Titans score in the second quarter?
How many more yards was Succop second field goal over his second?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
In which quarter did Barkley throw the most passes?
How many yards was Derrick Henry first quarter touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes?
How many passes did Barkley throw to Wilson?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Barkley have?
How many total yards worth of field goals did Ryan Succop have?
Which players intercepted passes?
How many total yards were covered on Matt Barkley's touchdown passes?
Which players threw two or more touchdown passes?
Which players threw passes from below 10 yards?
Who threw the only pass from above 20 yards?
How many passes did Barkley make to Wilson?
How many more passing yards did Barkley throw than Mariota?
How many total yards of passes did Barkley throw to Wilson?
How many yards difference was there between Ryan Succop's longest and shortest field goals?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Titans lead by in the first half?
Which players intercepted passed thrown by Matt Barkley?
What all touchdowns did Matt Barkley make?
How many yards difference was Matt Barkley’s second touchdown pass compared to his first?
What all touchdowns did Marcus Mariota make?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's second field goal over his first one?
Which players had interceptions?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many percentage points did the Czech unemployment rate go down between November 2015 and September 2016?
By how many percentage points did Czech unemployment drop between November  2015 and September 2016?
How many years were there between the Czech Republic's surplus reaching 61 billion CZK?
How many European countries had higher GDP growth than the Czech Republic in the year ending Summer 2017
In which year did Czech Republic experience its lowest unemployment rate?
How many years has passed since the  lowest unemployment rate was last calculated?
How many percents less was unemployment rate in 2016 then 2015?
How many years passed since 1995 that they saw a surplus in their budget?
How much has the budget grown by 2017?
How many ranks was Czech's budget growing in all of Europe?
How many CZKs were paid to the foreign owners of companies in 2016?
How many percents higher was the unemployment in the Czech Republic on 9 November 2015 compared to the unemployment in September 2016?
Which year had a higher unemployment rate, 2015 or 2009?
Which year had a lower unemployment rate, 2015 or 2016?
How many years did it take for Czech Republic to have a budget surplus 61 billion CZK after 1995?
How many years after February 2009 was the unemployment rate in the Czech Republic the lowest since 2009?
How many years since 1995 did the Dzech Republic have a budget surplus of 61 billion CZK?
Which team was leading the game going into the 3rd quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many rushing TDs did Morris have?
How many rushing TDs did QB David Garrard  score?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw?
How long were Moss's first two touchdown receptions?
Which players intercepted passes from Garrard?
Which players recovered fumbles?
Who had the second longest run of the game?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Tom Brady?
Which players caught interceptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was Randy Moss second touchdown?
Which two Patriots had receiving touchdowns?
Which two players had rushing touchdowns?
What was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many years has the Institutional Revolutionary Party been in power since they last gained it?
Which happened first, the assassination of Álvaro Obregón or the founding of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario?
How many years before 2005 did the PRI hold the presidency?
How many years after the assassination of Álvaro Obregón was the Partido Nacional Revolucionario founded?
How many years passed between when the Institutional Revolutionary Party in took power the first time and the second time?
How many housing units would the density of two square miles be according to the 2000 census?
How many people would the density of four square miles be according to the 2000 census?
How many more inhabitants per square mile were there then housing units per square mile according to the 2000 census?
How many races made up no more than 1% of the population?
How many years did these events span from?
About how many terrorists (minimum) were killed by administrations before the Obama administration?
How many years did it take for the reported number of terrorists to be killed?
how many number of terrorists killed range in five theaters of the war?
who administration is being responsible for the five theaters war?
How many terrorists killed in the five theaters of the war was the Obama Administration no responsible for, using the higher estimates?
How many years after they began counting the number of terrorists killed in five theaters of the war did the Washington Post release a report?
How many terrorist deaths was the Obama administration responsible for at maximum?
Who started the game, despite missing practices and not being cleared until when?
who ran one yard for a touchdown In which quarter?
Who is the quarterback of The Broncos?
Who is the quarterback for The Bengals?
What was the final score?
Who had to stop playing because of an injury?
What was the score at the end of the game?
In which quarters did Eric Decker score?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How many games in a row was this loss for the Bengals?
How many years had it been since the Benglas had won a game at Mile High?
How many points did the Bengals need to tie the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team had a failed 2 point conversion, Arizona or Philadelphia?
who is the Eagles quarterback?
who scored first?
who scored last?
Which team scored the least points in the first quarter?
Which team lost the game?
Who caught the first touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards did the eagles pass?
How many yards did westbrook pass?
how many yards did the cardinals pass to fitzgerald?
How many yards did Akers get?
How many yards did Westbrook gain in the fourth?
How many touchdowns did Westbrook score?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many more touchdowns did Westbrook have than Fitzgerald?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Akers kick in total?
Which team scored the least first quarter points?
Which player scored the last points in the first half?
Who kicked the longest FG?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Which players booted field goals?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team missed an extra point?
How many wins did the 49ers have after the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many total touchdowns were in the game?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many more running touchdowns were there compared to passing?
How many touchdowns longer than 2 yards were scored?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter than the other three quarters?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than the second?
How long were each of the field goals in the game?
Which players scored from one yard?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 5 yards were there?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many more yards was Nedneys' field goal than Prater's?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns were there than field goals?
How many more losses than wins did the 49ers have after the game?
How many years old was Marshall during his most famous case in 1954?
How many total cases did Marshall lose before the Supreme Court?
Who argued Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka?
How many cases did Marshall argue before the Supreme Court?
How many cases did Marshall lose before the Supreme Court?
How many years passed between the decision in Chambers v. Florida and Brown v. Board of Education?
How many years old was Marshall when the decision was made in Brown v. Board of Education?
How many Supreme Court cases did Marshall lose?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
Which player scored the first field goal, John Kasay or Josh Brown?
How many field goals over 23 yards did Jon Kasay kick?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal relative to Josh brown's longest?
How many field goals did the Ravens have in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Steve McNair throw?
How many first half points did the Chiefs have?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many wins would the Chiefs have on their winning streak if they beat the Ravens?
where did the chiefs win all their other games in December?
In what year did the Chiefs last lose their home game
How many yards was the longest TD
How many years passed since Hunt was stricken with cancer to when he had his prostate removed?
How many people is Hunts survived by?
Which teams held a moment of silence to honor Hunt in Kansas City?
How many first-half field goals did Matt Stover kick?
How many points were scored in the first Quarter?
How many points did the Texans have at half time?
How many points did the Browns have at the half?
How many total points were scored in the third quarter?
How many games did the Browns win before this game?
Who made the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Tony Romo throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes longer than 7 yards did Tony Romo throw?
Which player scored the first TD?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
Which team was leading the scoreboard in the first half?
How many games in a row was this loss for the Seahawks?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many years passed between the foreign mercenaries being hired for Ayutthaya's defense and the retaking of Tavoy?
How many more points did 49ers score over the Seahawks?
how many points did 49ers win by?
What was Frank Gore's longest score of the game?
How many times did the Seahawks and 49ers play each other in 2013?
What role did the Cairo Declaration play?
Why was Taiwan made into a seperate chinese province?
How many years did the Kingdom of Tungning exist for?
When was Taiwan first ruled by the Han Chinese?
How many years did The Chinese rule Taiwan for, prior to the Japanese invasion?
How many years elapsed between Taiwan's colonization by the Dutch, and the end of the Kingdom of Tungning?
During which years did the Chinese control Taiwan, prior to the Japanese invasion?
How many years elapsed between the island's split into two prefectures, and the Japanese invasion?
How many years elapsed between Japan's invasion, and the ROC's defeat in the Chinese civil war?
How many years did the Kingdom of Tungning last?
How many prefectures did the Quin Dynasty divide Taiwan into?
The ROC would claim sovereignty on the basis of how many items?
What two events happened in 1949?
How many years did the first Han Chinese government last?
Were there more union members in 1940 or 1945?
How many unions supported Roosevelt in 1940?
Which happened first, the mining strike for higher wages or the Taft-Hartley Act of 1947?
How many more members in millions did the unions have in 1945 compared to 1940?
How many years after the miners 12 day strike, did Congress pass anti-union legislation?
How many people, in millions, did union membership expand between 1940 and 1945?
After Lewis' strike in 1943, how many years passed before Congress passed the Taft-Hartlet Act?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
How many more yards was Nugent's longest kick compared to his shortest?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked more field goals, Mike Nugent or Olindo Mare?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 24 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored first, Randy McMichael or Jerricho Cotchery?
Were more field goals kicked in the third or fourth quarter?
Which kicker had the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's last field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals did Bullock successfully kick?
How many touchbacks were there in the first quarter?
How many TD passes did Fitzpatrick throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Watt score in the first quarter?
Which team scored fewer touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Carr have in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Bullock kick in the second quarter?
Which team kicked more field goals in the first half?
How many fumbles did Swearinger have in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did Houston score in the third quarter?
How many yards was Bullock's shortest field goal or the game?
How many field goals were blocked in the fourth quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team got the ball to start the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did was Houston up by at halftime?
How many percent of the population was over age 18?
How many percent of the population was under the page of 65?
What gender has smaller numbers, females or males?
Which age group has the most population?
Which age group has the least population?
Which age group has the higher population, 65 years of age or older, or under the age of 18?
Which age group had the second most people?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Were there more males or females?
Which age group was the most represented?
By how many percent was the age group of 45 to 64 more prominent than the 25 to 44 group?
Were there more residents under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
How many more percent of the population were under 18 than over 65?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old was the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or under the age of 18?
Which groups in percent are larger than 15%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many touchdowns did Dez Bryant score?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
In which quarter did the Broncos score 3 touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Manning have?
How many yards long was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys make in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos make in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Cowboys make in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos make in the second quarter?
How many points did the Broncos get?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick that were longer than 45 yards?
How many field goals did the Cowboys kick in the game?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Who did the Broncos beat the week before?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
What all field goals did Dan Bailey make?
How many total yards did Dan Bailey kick for field goals?
What all touchdowns did Tony Romo make?
What all players caught a touchdown pass from Romo?
How many yards difference was Romo's first touchdown pass to Dez Bryant compared to Romo's touchdown pass to Terrance Williams?
How many yards difference was Romo's first touchdown pass to Dez Bryant compared to Romo's touchdown pass to Jason Witten?
How many yards difference was Romo's first touchdown pass to Dez Bryant compared to the second?
How many interceptions did Anderson have?
Who was the Browns top rusher?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown reception of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns between 20 and 50 were scored in the game?
Which group made the smallest income in the city, family or household?
Which age group has the highest percentage of being below the poverty line, 65 or over or under age 18?
How many more percentage was below the poverty line for population than for families?
Was the median male or female income closest to the median household income?
How many percent more young persons under the age of 18 were below the poverty line compared to those 65 or over?
How many more dollars was the median income of a male than a female?
How many more dollars was the median income for a family then per capita?
What group of people made up the largest percentage of those below the poverty line?
What group had the smallest percentage below the poverty line?
How many percent of the population was at or above the poverty line?
Which year was the median income for a household higher, 2000 or 2010?
How many dollars difference was the median income in 2010 compared to 2000?
Which gender had a higher median income, males or females?
How many dollars higher was the male median income compared to the females?
How many percent of families were not below the poverty line?
Which age group had more people living below the poverty line, those under age 18 or those age 65 or over?
How many percent of those age 65 or older were not below the poverty line?
Which median income was higher, a household in the city or for a family?
How many years did Konbaung control the upper Tenasserim peninsula?
Which happened first, Konbaung's control of the upper Tenasserim peninsula or the resistance being driven out of Tenasserim?
When did the remnants of Mon resistance fall back to the upper Tenasserim peninsula?
Who was Hsinbyushin's father?
Which happened first, the capture of the first Soviet POWs or the quality and quantity of camp personnel being improved?
How many years did it take the Finnish to establish the 32 new prison camps?
32 new prison camps were created in only how many years?
How many years did it take to establish 32 new prison camps?
How many prisons were the first Soviet POWs transferred to?
From 1941 - 1944 how many total different prisons were used for the Soviet POWs?
How many cities held reserve prisons for the first Soviet POWs?
How many prisons were the first prisoners of war sent to?
How many prisons were there in 1944?
How many towns and hamlets did Ghent burn?
How many cities did William surrender?
Which city was surrendered last, Ghent or Ypres?
What happened first: expiration of the armistice or Ghent surrendered to the French?
What happened second: expiration of the armistice or Ghent surrendered to the French?
Which happened first, count Guy turning the government over to his son or the expiration of the armistice?
How many towns did Charles of Valois burn?
How many cities did William surrender at the end of April?
Who plundered the countryside around Ypres and Cassel?
Who lead the detachment that plundered the countryside around Ypres and Cassel?
When did William surrendered Damme, Aardenburg and Sluis?
How many years after giving his son the government did the french invade?
What happened first, Guy gave the government to Robert or he was led into captivity?
How many months after the French besieged Damme and Ypres did William surrender Damme, Aardenburg and Sluis?
How many days were there between the time when Ghent surrendered to the French and to the Oudenaarde?
Which event happened first, Ghent surrendering to the French or Ghent surrendering to Ypres?
How many towns total were burned down by Charles of Valois?
How many towns did William surrender?
Which was surrendered first, Ghent, Oudenaarde, or Ypres?
Which was surrendered last, Oudenaarde or Ypres?
How many days after surrendering Ghent was Ypres surrendered?
How many interceptions did Tampa Bay throw?
How many field goals did Tampa Bay attempt?
How many field goals did Tampa Bay successfully make?
How long was the field goal Matt Bryant missed?
How many points did Dallas win by?
How many plays and yards did Garcia drive?
Who was sidelined and what was the injury?
How many field goals were missed?
What was the outcome of the first three Cowboys drives?
What happened on the second half kickoff return?
In which quarter did each team score a field goal?
Which quarterback threw more touchdowns?
Before this game, how many games had the Dolphins won?
Before this game, how many games had the Patriots won?
How many touchdowns did Randy Moss score in the second quarter?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How long were Randy Moss's first two touchdowns?
Which player scored a defensive touchdown?
Which players had receiving touchdowns?
How many yards difference was Laurence Maroney’s touchdown compared to Tom Brady's first touchdown pass to Randy Moss?
How many yards difference was Tom Brady's first touchdown pass to Randy Moss touchdown compared to Tom Brady's second touchdown pass to Randy Moss?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second half?
How many touchdown receptions did Randy Moss have?
Which happened last, Nizam ordered the city to be subjected to a general bombardment or Nizam withdrew his army?
How many months after the bombarding of Chaul did Catiproca Marcá arrive in CHaul with his fleet?
Did Catiproca Marcá have fewer half-galleys or smaller craft?
Who had larger galleys, Catiproca Marcá, or the Portuguese?
How many places did the Portuguese receive reinforcements from at Chaul?
How many months did the fighting around Chaul last?
In what year did the batteries of Nizam begin bombarding the outer blockhouses of Chaul?
How many months after the batteries of the Nizam began bombaring the outer blockhouses of Chaul did Nizam request peace?
How many more smaller craft were there than half-galleys?
How many months did the fighting over the outer strongholds continue?
What did the Malabrese not avoid fighting with?
What did Nizam do first, bombard outer blockhouses of Chaul or order a general assault?
What did Nizam do last, bombard outer blockhouses of Chaul or order a second mass assault?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals with a distance over 30 yards were made?
How many field goals were successfully made in this game?
Which kicker kicked the longest field goal in this game?
What position was the player that caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did the Eagles have in the game?
How many field goals did the Colts have in the game?
How many number of yards thrown in a TD pass from the Eagles?
How many total field goals in yards was scored by both teams combined?
How many times did the Eagles score in the first quarter?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards were made?
How many field goals more than 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown runs of 1 yard were there?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many more total yards of field goals did David Akers make than Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal?
How many total running touchdown yards were made in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many total passing touchdown yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were kicked?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the difference between the shortest and longest field goal?
How many yards combined were the first TD pass from each quarterback?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second half?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many more total yards of field goals did David Akers make than Adam Vinatieri?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal?
How many total yards from running touchdowns were made in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many more passing touchdown yards were made than running touchdown yards in the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team lost to the 49ers in week 15?
Who was the QB for the Steelers?
Which team allowed the fewest point at the half?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
How many quarters did the Steelers start in the lead?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards were all of the running touchdowns combined?
What was the only scoring play of the first quarter?
Were there more field goals or touchdowns in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest rushing touchdown of the game?
Which players scored rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How long were each of Shaun Suisham's field goals?
Which team lost to the 49ers in week 15?
Which team scored the least first half points?
What player won the NFL rushing title?
How many passes did Aikman not complete during the season?
How many passes did Michael Irvin and Alvin Harper catch in all during the season?
How many passes did Aikman fail to complete?
Who had more touchdowns, Aikman or Smith?
How many more touchdowns did Aikman make than Smith?
How many more touchdowns did Aikman have than Daryl Johnston?
How many more touchdowns did Alvin Harper have than Jay Novacek?
How many NFL rushing titles did Smith earn in a row?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Smith's receptions on average?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Michael Irvin's receptions on average?
Michael Irvin
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Alvin Harper's receptions on average?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Jay Novacek's receptions on average?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Kevin William's receptions on average?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Kevin William's punt returns on average?
Which player had the highest average number of yards per reception?
How many passes did Michael Irvin, Alvin Harper, and Jay Novacek catch combined?
How many receiving yards did Michael Irvin, Alvin Harper, and Jay Novacek have combined?
How many touchdowns did Smith, Daryl Johnston, and Michael Irvin have combined?
Which players made more than 5 touchdowns in the regular season?
Which player won the NFL Most Valuable Player Award?
How many more touchdowns did Smith make in the regular season than Daryl Johnston?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many field goals did Rackers get?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score in the first quarter?
Who score the most points the Cardinals or the Vikings?
How many assists did Kariya finish with?
How many games was Kariya limited too?
How many wins did the Ducks have?
how many points did anaheim win by?
How many more assists than goals did Kariya finish the season with?
How many touchdown passes measured between 1-yard and 5-yards in length?
Which quarterback had the shorter touchdown pass scored?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass scored?
How many yards is the mean value across the three shortest toudowns scored?
How many yards is the mean value across the three longest toudowns scored?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdowns measuring between 30-yards and 40-yards long?
How many yards was the differential between the three longest touchdowns and the two shortest?
How many touchdowns measured between 35-yards and 40-yards in length?
How many yards was the differential between the longest touchdown and the longest field goal?
How many field goals measured between 25-yards and 30-yards in length?
How many yards does the range value of field goals measure ?
How many yards does the range value of touchdowns measure?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdown passes measuring less than 5-yards long?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdown passes measuring longer than 30-yards long?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass when measured against the third longest?
How many touchdowns measuring longer than 30-yards in length were scored?
How many field goals measured betweeen 20-yards and 30-yards in length?
How many yards were gained on field goals measuring longer than 20-yards in length?
How many yards long does the mean value measure when all field goals are taken into consideration?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the fourth quarter?
How many more field goals did Rackers kick than Longwell?
How many yards was the difference between the first Vikings' touchdown and the first Cardinals' touchdown?
How many more field goals were kicked in the second half than the first?
How many yards was the sum of all Rackers' field goals?
How many of Warner's TD passes were under 30 yards?
How many yards was the pass Bulger completed?
How many yards was Bulger's TD pass?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins make in the third quarter?
Who kicked a 52-yard field goal?
From what yard line did the Rams score two touchdowns?
In what quarter did both teams score 2 touchdowns?
Who scored more points, Bulger or Campbell?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
In how many quarters did the Redskins score?
In how many quarters did St. Louis score?
Which player kicked the longest field goal for the Redskins?
Which team completed the longest TD pass of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the longest field goal kick?
How many touchdown runs did Betts complete in the first half?
How many touchdown runs did Betts complete throughout the game?
Did Betts have a longer touchdown run in the first or second half of the game?
Which players scored touchdown runs in the first half?
Besides overtime, during which quarter did Jackson contribute to a score?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did the player who scored the longest touchdown pass of the game throw throughout the entire game?
How many yards did Bulger throw in touchdown passes during the first half of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run than the shortes?
How many TD runs did Betts get?
How many TD runs were over 10 yards?
How many yards apart were the only 2 field goals?
How many passes did Bulger complete to Jackson?
What all touchdowns did Stephen Jackson make?
What was the Georgian rebellion called?
What caused the August Uprising in Georgia?
What did the Soviet propaganda machine control to denounce the rebellion?
How many years after a decree was issued by the State Council of the Republic of Georgia was the Museum of Soviet Occupation opened?
Who lost
Who got sacked
Who scored on the longest touchdown play?
Which team made more field goals?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Longwell kick in total?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total yards in field goals did Longwell have?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards were accumulated on field goals measuring between 20-yards and 30-yards long?
How many yards of differential are there between the longest defensive touchdown and the shortest rushing touchdown?
How many more lossed than wins did the Vikings have on their record after this game?
How many yards were accumulated when the longest defensive touchdown and the two longest field goals are combined?
How many total yards were accumulated on all rushing touchdowns?
How many yards of differential were there between the longest rushing touchdown and the shortest?
How many yards of differential were there between the longest defensive touchdown and the longest rushing touchdown?
How many losses did Minnesota have after the game?
Which team had at least 4 interceptions?
How many points did Bengals have at halftime?
How mean consecutive defeats did the Browns have?
How many more percent were Jewish in Warsaw between the 1901 and 1909 census?
How many fewer percent of inhabitants of Warsaw identified as Protestants in 1909 than in 1901?
What was the second largest religion in 1901 in Warsaw?
What was the second smallest religion in 1901 in Warsaw?
In 1901 how many percent more people were Catholics than the smallest religious group?
How many percent did the Jewish population increase between 1901 and 1909?
How many percent did the 3 smallest religious groups make up in 1901?
In 1909 how many more Jews were there than Protestans and Mariavite Church members combined?
Approximately how many years did the churches built in 1909 survive?
Which religious groups made up 5% or more of the population in Warsaw?
Which year saw a higher amount of Jews in the population, 1901 or 1909?
Which year saw a lower amount of Protestants in the population, 1901 or 1909?
How many religious groups saw an increase in its population in 1909 from 1901?
How many more Catholics than Jews populated the city, in percentage?
How many percentage points did the Jewish population grow from 1901 to 1909?
How many more, in percentage, of  the population of Warsaw in 1901 were Jews as compared to Greek Orthodox Christians?
How many percentage points did the Protestant population shrink from 1901 to 1909?
How many more, in percentage, of  the population of Warsaw in 1901 were Jews as compared to Protestants?
How many percentages of the racial makeup is combined African America and Asian?
How many more percentages of Hispanic people live in the population compared to Native Americans?
How many more households were there in 2010 compared to families residing in the city?
How many more housing units then households were there according to the census of 2010?
How many percentage points out of 100 (what percent) of the population was NOT Asian, according to the census of 2010?
How many more whites are there than African American, in percentage?
Which racial group has more people in it, African American or Native American?
Which racial group has more people in it, Hispanic or Asian?
Which two racial groups consist of at least 10% or more of the population?
How many more people are there than households?
Which two racial groups each had 1.8% of people in the population?
Which racial group was the second largest in the city?
How many more people were there compared to households?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were White compared to Asian?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were Asian compared to African American?
How many more percentage percentage points was the racial makeup of the city made up of Whites compared to Asians?
How many more percentage percentage points was the racial makeup of the city made up of Asians compared to Native Americans?
How many more housing units were there compared to households
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many more households are there than families?
Which racial groups are at least 10%?
Which racial groups are smaller than 1.5%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or African American?
How many more households than families were there in the city?
Were there more housing units or households in the city?
What races did the 2010 census measure?
What two races made up most of the population?
How many more percent of residents were Latino than were African American?
In 2010, how many more people were there than housing units?
How many more percentage points of the city's population was white than African American?
How many different single races were counted as part of the census?
How many more households were there counted in the census than families?
How many more households than families were located in the city in 2010?
Which racial population was the lowest in the city?
Where there more Whites or African Americans among the population?
How many percent of the population was not White?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many years did the revolt last?
How many years do these events span for?
How many years did the revolt span?
How many years did it take for the Iraqi revolt against the British to be completely over?
Other than the Iraqis, what ethnic group in Iraq also rebelled?
How many more years longer did elements of the revolt drag till 1922 after it ended in 1920?
What was the goal of Kurdish Sheikh Mahmoud Barzanji and his followers?
Where were Sheikh Mahmoud Barzanji and his followers located?
What was the cause of 1920 Iraqi Revolt?
How many more years did the the Iraqui Revolt drag on until?
How many years did some elements of the revolt continue?
Who scored more points, the Bears or the 49ers?
Who opened the game, converting a 33-yard field goal?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gould kick?
How many field goals did Gould make in the second half?
How many points did Gould's field goals result into?
How long were the two longest field goals?
How long were each of Robbie Gould's field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould make?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Robbie Gould make?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards difference exists between Robbie Gould's longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick from longer than 25 yards and less than 35 yards?
What was the distance of Robbie Gould's two longest field goals?
How many points was Carolina leading by at halftime?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers score in the second half?
how many yards did bullock lead with in the first?
how many points did houston have at halftime?
How many points did Panthers win by?
Who caught the most passes?
How many turnovers did the Giants have?
Which team scored the most points?
How many yards did Moss average in receptions?
How many field goals did John Hall miss?
How many more yards did the Giants have than the Redskins?
How many field goal attempts did John hall make?
How many losses did the Redskins have after the game?
How many more total yards did the Giants have than the Redskins?
How many more points did The Packers have than the Dolphins at the end of the game?
How many field goals did Miami score?
In the first half of the game how many points did the Dolphins lead by?
How many points did the Packers lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many total points were scored?
By how many percent lower was the unemployment rate in March 2016 compared to February 2012?
How many years after the country officially exited the recession was it before the peak unemployment rate hit?
How many countries did the Irish government accept bilateral loans from?
Which year did the economy grow the most?
What year was unemployment the lowest?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many passes did Romo throw in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw than Jon Kitna?
how many yards did witten run?
how many yards over 20 did kicker buehler get?
how many yards did manning complete?
how many yards did beuhler boot?
how many yards did bryant return?
how many yards did manning complete in the third quarter?
What was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards do the longest rushing touchdown and the longest passing touchdown combine for?
How many yards do the longest rushing touchdown and the longest special teams touchdown combine for?
How many yards do the longest passing touchdown and the longest special teams touchdown combine for?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest special teams touchdown when compared against the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest special teams touchdown when compared against the longest passing touchdown?
How many incomplete passes did Tony Romo throw before leaving the game?
How many yards per passing completion did Tony Romo average before leaving the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many games had the Cowboys won in the season by Week 7?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team had the lead in the first quarter?
How many points did the Packers lead by in the first half?
Which team scored the least points?
How many interceptions did the Jets throw?
How many touchdons were scored in the game?
How many points did the Jets score?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many yards did Steve Weatherford gain on his fourth down attempt?
How many points separated the winning and losing team at the end of the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the packers have at the halftime?
how many points did the packers lead in the fourth
How many other people scaled the wall with Yogendra Shukla?
What happened first, Shukla scaling the wall, or his arrest being ordered?
How many months passed between Shukla sacling the wall and his arrest?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, the Quit India Movement, or Shukla being arrested?
Who launched the Quit India Movement?
When did Mahatma Gandhi launch the Quit India Movement?
How many prisoners did Shukla help escape from Muzaffarpur jail?
What happened first: Quit India Movement or hunger-strike in Buxar jail?
What happened second: Quit India Movement or hunger-strike in Buxar jail?
How many months after escaping jail was Shukla arrested?
Did more prisoners escape from the Hazaribagh Central Jail or the Muzaffarpur jail?
How many more prisoners escaped from the Hazaribagh Central Jail than the Muzaffarpur jail?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many games had Dallas won in Green Bay before this game?
How many total field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
Which team had the shortest touchdown run?
Who got the longest touchdown run?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first quarter?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first quarter?
How many TDs were scored in the second quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many wins did the Cowboys already have before this game?
How many field goals were kicked for longer than 30 yards?
How many Cowboys players rushed for touchdowns?
Which players had rushing touchdowns of at least two yards?
How many TD runs were over 3 yards?
How many yards of TD runs were under 10 yards?
How many total yards of field goals were under 35 yards?
How many more field goals did Crosby score than Folk?
How many total yards were gained on the first two rushing touchdowns?
How many yards long did the mean value measure across all rushing touchdowns?
How many rushing touchdowns measuring less than 5-yards in length were scored?
How many total yards were gained on the final two touchdowns?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 50-yards in length?
How many more yards were gained on rushing touchdowns when compared to passing touchdowns?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring less than 40-yards in length?
How many yards were gained on the last field goal kicked and the last touchdown scored?
How many different times did Erard renounce claims?
How many years passed from Theobald I of Lorraine dying and Theobald IV reigning?
How many years are between Theobald IV of Champagne and Gertrude of Dagsburg?
How many years old was Theobald I of Lorraine's widow when he died?
what did erard do with his claim?
what did countess regent do?
When was Theobald IV of Champagne born?
When was Gertrude of Dagsburg born?
How many years older was Theobald IV of Champagne than his wife?
How many Theobald's was Gertrude of Dagsburg married to in her lifetime?
How many regions did Erard renounce any claim of?
Who was older, Theobald IV of Champagne or Gertrude of Dagsburg?
How many years older was Theobald IV of Champagne than Lorraine's widow, Gertrude of Dagsburg?
How many months after Erad renounced any claim on Champagne did he renounce claim on Philippa?
How many fumbles were returned for a touchdown?
Who returned a fumble 47 yards for a touchdown?
How many field goals did Vinatieri have?
Who made the longest field goal of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked during the first quarter?
How many points did the Bears' lose by?
How many yards was Hartley's longest field goal?
Who has more recieving yards in one game, Jeffery or Hill?
How many games had the Saints won before this game?
Which team lost in the 2012 game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Saints win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Hartley kick in total?
How many total yards of field goals did Hartley make?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many 54-yard field goals did Kris Brown kick?
How many field goals did Kris Brown kick from beyond 50 yards?
How many yards longer was Kris Brown's longest field goal over his shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many field goals did Jay Feely have before halftime?
How many field goals were for 40 yards or more?
How many field goals were for less than 35 yards?
How many more field goals did Kris Brown make than Jay Feely?
Which quarter did each team have a rushing touchdown?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared the shortest field goal?
How many field goals between 10 and 35 yards were made?
Which players made at least three field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Kris Brown kick?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 23 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player scored the second most number of field goals?
What are the two shortest touchdown runs made?
Which field goals did Kris Brown make?
Which players scored touchdowns shorter than 23-yard yards?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Who kicked the fifth longest field goal?
Who kicked the sixth longest field goal?
Who kicked the seventh longest field goal?
Who kicked the nineth longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Kris Brown make?
How many total yards of field goals did Feely make?
How many TD runs did each team make?
Which happend first, the assult of Tsushima and Iki, or the second raid to Matsuura?
Did the second raid to Matsuura succeed?
Which occurred first the second failed raid to Matsuura or the invasion of northern Kyūshū by Jurchen pirates?
Which city was attacked first, Matsuura or Tsushima?
Who took 1000 Japanese for use as slaves?
How many more Japanese people were taken as slaves than were rescued?
How many points did the Chiefs score?
Who threw two touchdowns in the game?
Who made the only punt?
How many receptions did Gronkowski catch?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots have in the third quarter?
How many more yards was Gostkowski's first field goal over his second?
In what quarter did the Chiefs score?
Which Patriot had the most receiving yards?
How many field goals longer than 15 yards did Gostkowski have in the third quarter?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown reception?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which team had the longest first quarter touchdown?
How many points were scored by halftime?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
Which QB rushed for more touchdowns?
How many points did Cleveland win by?
Which players had touchdown runs?
How many total yards did Brian Hoyer have on touchdown passes?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many points were the Vikings trailing by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points in total did the Titans score by way of field goals?
How many points did the Tennessee Titans score in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the first points of the game, Matt Stover or Rob Bironas?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass, Kerry Collins or Matt Stover?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many points did the Titans score in the second half?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many total yards did Rob Bironas kick for field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked field goals of at least 30 yards?
How many more field goals did Bironas kick than Stover?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second?
How many yards was the difference between the first and second touchdowns in the game?
Who was Joanna's father?
Where did Charles travel to first, Castile or Barcelona?
Who died first, Ferdinand or the Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I?
When did King Charles I become Emperor Charles V?
How many years was it between when Ferdinand died and when Maximilian I died?
Which event happened first, the death of Ferdinand or the death of Maximilian I?
Who was Joanna's father?
What did Charles proclaim that he was king of?
How long was King Charles I in Aragon?
Who was Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I's grandson?
Who was recognized as the King of Castile?
What year approximately did Charles leave Aragon?
How was King Charles I related to Joanna?
When was King Charles I born?
Who is the Lions quarterback?
What was the only score in the third quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards in field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 35 were scored?
How long was the second longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns went for more than 5 but less than 50 yards?
How many yards separated the leading receiver from the second leading receiver?
How many combined yards did the Lions top two receivers have?
How many total combined yards were John Potter's field goals?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many points did the Chargers score in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Vincent Jackson have in the game?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers have in the game?
How many yards was River's second longest touchdown of the first half?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Rivers have?
How many yards fewer was Kaeding's first half field goal compared to his second half?
Which players scored a one yard touchdown?
How many 40+ yard touchdowns did Vincent Jackson score?
How many yards shorter was Philip Rivers second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored three touchdowns?
How long were each of Vincent Jackson's touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Vincent Jackson have on touchdown receptions?
How many yards longer was Vincent Jackson's first touchdown reception over his second?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Chargers?
How many turnovers did the Chiefs have?
Which player scored last in the game?
How many points did the Chiefs win by?
Who lost the game?
How many points did the Chiefs extend their lead in the fourth quarter?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundif and the yards of the TD pass caught by Jones?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundif and the yards of the passs to Driver?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundif and the yards of the TD run by Grant?
How many is the difference in the yards of the field goal made by Cundif and the yards of the field goal made by Crosby?
What was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team scored first?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
How many TDs did the Packers get in the second quarter?
How many points did the Browns score in the first half?
How many points did the Packers score?
How many TD passes did Aaron Rodgers complete?
How many yards was Aaron Rodgers' longest TD pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
how many yards did Cundiff get?
how many yards did havner pass?
how many yards did Driver run?
how many yards did Jones pass?
How many touchdown passes did Frye throw in the second half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Andrew Walter throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes longer than 3 yards did Charlie Frye throw?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Charlie Frye or Andrew Walter?
Which player scored the longest touchdown run?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which team had the least points at the end?
How many Offense players are mentioned?
How many defense players are mentioned?
How many touchdown pass yards did Vick in total?
How many field goals were made under 30 yards?
Which team did the Redskins play in week 11?
How many field goals were there in the first quarter?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
How many points got the Cowboys on the board?
How many points did Dallas score in the second quarter?
How many points was Dallas leading at halftime?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Which kicker had more total yards during the first half?
How many total yards did Folk have?
Did Romo have more passing touchdown yards in the first half or the second half?
How many more yards was Romo's longest touchdown pass compared to his second longest?
How many touchdowns were there between 5 and 20 yards?
How many field goals were there between 25 and 45 yards?
How many total yards did Shaun Hill throw for on touchdown passes?
Which team did the Redskins lose to in week 11?
Which team donned their throwback outfits?
What was Nedley's longest first quarter field goal?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
Which player caught a pass for a TD in the second quarter?
Which team was leading at the half?
Which team scored the most game points?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which player scored the last points for the Cowboys?
What day did Medvedev announced that Russian forces would begin to pull out of Georgia the following day?
European Parliament passed a resolution recognising Abkhazia as occupied Georgian territories how many years after all Russian troops in Perevi withdrew?
Russia announced that its troops in South Ossetia and Abkhazia would remain under bilateral agreements how many years before the European Parliament passed a resolution recognising Abkhazia and South Ossetia as occupied Georgian territories?
What happened first: Russian forces withdrew from Igoeti or European Parliament passed a resolution?
What happened second: Russian forces withdrew from Igoeti or European Parliament passed a resolution?
What day were the Russian forces to begin pulling out of Georgia?
What were all the posts the Russian troops withdrew from in western Georgia?
What day did Medvedev announce would be the day when Russian forces would begin to pull out of Georgia?
How many days after Medvedev announced Russian forces would begin to pull out of Georgia did the two countries exchange prisoners of war?
How many more Georgians were exchanged compared to Russian servicemen?
Did Russian troops withdraw from western Georgia first or the buffer zones adjacent to Abkhazia and South Ossetia?
How many months after all Russian troops in Perevi withdrew to South Ossetia and a Georgian Army unit moved in did the European Parliament pass a resolution recognising Abkhazia and South Ossetia as occupied Georgian territories?
How many years did the New Culture Movement last?
Did the student demonstrations occur before or after China declared war on Germany?
How many years did the New Culture Movement occupy?
How many years after China declared war on Germany did the students demonstarate against the government?
How many years did the New Culture Movement last?
How many years did the period known as the New Culture Movement last?
How many years passed after Möngke begame the Great Khan before he gave control of the Caucasus region to the Golden HOrde?
What relation was Ögedeid to Nakhu?
What was Berke's relationhip to Batu?
Whose family member did not become Khan, the Tolui family or Ogedeid?
Who was Batu's brother?
After becoming the Great Khan in 1250, how many years was it until Mongke died?
How many years after Möngke handed control over the Caucasus region to the Golden Horde did Berke become Khan of the Golden Horde?
How many years after Möngke handed control over the Caucasus region to the Golden Horde did he die?
How many years after Möngke Khan designated Ariq Böke as commander of Karakorum, did Möngke Khan die?
Who were the two candidates for Great Khan?
How many families did Möngke purge members of in the royal house?
Who was Khan of the Golden Horde in Russia after 1255?
Which family members both plotted to assassinate Mongke?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw in the game?
How many yards did Atlanta have in total in the game?
How many points did the Saints win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the last field goal of the first half?
How many more rebounds did Russel average in 1959 over 1957?
How many game 7 playoff victories was Russell apart of?
How many more rebounds did Chamberlain have in a game that Russell?
What was the shortest TD pass?
Who led in third?
How many TD runs out of 3 were from over 5 yards?
How many more TD runs were there than TD passes?
how many yards did Gore run for the score in the first?
How many yards did Rackers get?
how many yards did James run?
how many yards did Nedney get?
How many yards did Nedney kick?
How many yards did Leinart complete?
How many yards did Smith run?
how many yards did Arnaz run for the TD?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
What team was behind after the first quarter?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass?
Who kicked the second field goal of the game?
How many yards was the second field goal?
Who was in the lead after the first half of the game?
Who hit 3 field goals by the third quarter?
Who made the game winning kick?
How many yards was Gostkowski's last field goal?
Which team took the lead when Sebastian Janikowski kicked a 49-yard field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots make in the second quarter?
How many field goals did the Patriots make in the second quarter?
How many field goals did the Raiders make in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Raiders make in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Janikowski kick?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many points did the Raiders lose by?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
how many yards did Janikowski kick?
how many yards did gostowski kick in the second?
how many yards did Janikowski nail in the third?
how many yards did gostkowski kick in the fourth?
How many battles took place at Fort Defiance?
What year was Fort Defiance closed?
In 1860 how many groups, U.S. military, Mexican-Americans, Zunis, and Utes raided Navajo land?
How many years since 1860 the Navajo land was raided until 1861 a new treaty was signed at Fort Fauntleroy?
What did the Navajo do that caused all the raids?
Who raided the Navajo land?
Why did the Navajo raid the New Mexicans?
How many groups of men raided the Navajo land?
What happened first, death of 23 Navojos or treaty at Fort Fauntleroy?
How many groups attacked the the US army in the Second Battle of Fort Defiance?
How many groups raided the Navajo land?
How many different tribes attacked the US army?
What event happened first, U.S. military, Mexican-Americans, Zunis, and Utes all raided Navajo land or Manuelito, Barboncito and 1,000 Navajo attacked the US army in the Second Battle of Fort Defiance ?
How many  manpower did Spain have  over France during the 1550s?
How was the war financed?
How many soldiers did Spain have more than France?
Which happened later, Charles V had borrowed over 4 million ducats or  the crown was refusing payment from the Indies?
How many more million ducats did Charles V borrow than the Metz campaign cost?
How many years before the crown refused payment did the cash deficit reach 4.3 million ducats?
Who had more manpower, the French or the Spanish?
How many fewer million ducats did the Metz campaign cost than what Charles V borrowed?
How many years after borrowing 4 million ducats was the cash deficit for the year calculated at 4.3 million ducats?
How many more soldiers did Spain have in the 1550s than France?
How many percentage points difference was there between the minimum and maximum interest rate of the financing for France during the war?
During the 1550's, how many more soldiers were estimated for Spain than France?
In 1552, after the Metz campaign was paid for, how many million ducats that Charles V borrowed were remaining?
How many ducats did Charles V have left out of the 4 million ducats after he paid for the Metz campaign?
How many more soldiers did Spain have than France during the 1550s?
How many more millions of ducats did Charles V borrow than the shipments of treasure from the Indies?
How many more millions of ducats did Charles V borrow over what the Metz campaign cost?
Which country had more military manpower during the 1550s, Spain or France?
How many more soldiers did Spain have compared to France during the 1550s?
How many years after the Russian Revolution did the Red Army overthrow the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan?
How many years did a series of attempts to lead a peasant revolution against the Mensheviks take place?
What happened first: failure to control Georgia government or Red Army created precedent for Bolsheviks?
What happened second: failure to control Georgia government or Red Army created precedent for Bolsheviks?
What happened first, the Russian Revolution of 1917, or the relocation of Bolshevik Georgian leaders?
How many years did the attempt to lead a peasant revolution last?
What statement did Zhordania make first, that he would aid Azerbaijan, or that Georgia would defend its independence?
What happened first, the peasant revolution against the Mensheviks, or the overthrow of the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan?
How many years were the attempts to lead a peasant revolution against the Mensheviks rendered abortive?
How many things were involved that resulted in confrontation at Cajamarca?
Where were people lured?
In what town did Pizarro arrive at in November of 1532?
Which consisted of more troops, the Spanish force guided by an Inca Noble, or Atahualpa and his force?
Who is NOT the author of The book History Of The Conquest Of Peru, Pizarro or Prescott?
who threw the longest pass?
how many passes did WR Devery Henderson receive?
How many yards was Brees' longest touchdown pass of the first quarter?
How many touchdown passing yards did Brees have?
How many yards longer was Henderson's first quarter touchdown catch compared to his second half catch?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many touchdowns between 40 and 55 yards were there?
Which players each caught two touchdown passes?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught at least two touchdown passes?
Who was the Broncos quarterback?
How many field goals did Neil Racker have?
What was the highest field goal?
Who pulled them ahead with a TD pass?
What was the longest field goal kicked in the game?
Who had the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals longer than 33 yards did Neil Rackers get?
How many field goals shorter than 34 yards did Steven Hauschka kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals over 50 yards were kicked?
How many yards difference exists between Neil Rackers longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers make?
Who threw the second longest passing touchdown?
Which players scored three yard touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were there between1 and 10 yards?
How many total yards did Rackers have?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many total field goal yards did Neil Rackers make?
Which field goals did Neil Rackers make?
Which player scored more field goals, Neil Rackers or Steven Hauschka?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 2 yards?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many more field goals did Neil Rackers make over Steven Hauschka?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' second field goal compared to his first?
Which players had at least three field goals?
How many field goals over 50 yards did Neil Rackers make?
How many touchdowns were due to running the ball?
How many yards in touchdowns were thown?
How many yards longer was the longest TD pass compared to the shortest?
What player kicked the least field goals?
How many more field goals did Janikowsk kick compared to Ryan Succop?
Which team did the Bills lose to?
Which teams were playing a AFC West division rivalry match?
Which players helped take the lead in the second half?
What helped the Chiefs with an early lead?
What didn't last long?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Which kicker kicked more field goals, Ryan Succop or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many field goals longer than 24 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals shorter than 24 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes, Jason Campbell or Matt Cassel?
How many yards longer was  Matt Cassel's 2nd touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game compared to the shortest?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
Who caught a 20-yard touchdown pass?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards shorter was the Chiefs first touchdown pass compared to their second touchdown pass?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which players made at least three field goals?
How many field goals over 25 yards did Ryan Succop score?
How many field goals less than 50 yards did Sebastian Janikowski score?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Ryan Succop?
How many total field goal yards did Ryan Succop kick?
Which players threw the top two longest touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Matt Cassel's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the longest touchdown pass?
Which field goals did Sebastian Janikowski score over 20 yards long?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Ryan Succop's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Ryan Succop?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many total yards did Janikowski have?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many points total were scored?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals were scored?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Eagles lead with by halftime?
In which quarters did only team score?
How many yards longer was Hankerson's longest touchdown catch compared to his shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
Which team had more points going into the 2nd half?
How many points did the Redskins get to tying the final score?
What action led to the first points of the game?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
Which player scored the second round of points for the Redskins?
Which players scored the last points of the game?
Which player got the Eagles their second score of the game??
Which team allowed the most second quarter points?
How many yards was the shortest TD of the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored between 20 and 30 yards in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Did the Eagles score more points in the first or 2nd quarter?
Who scored the second longest touchdown of the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns between 20 and 30 yards long in the first half?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the 3rd and 4th quarters?
How many yards longer was  Leonard Hankerson's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
Were more yards of touchdowns scored in the 1st half or 2nd half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the 3rd and 4th quarters?
What all touchdowns did RG3 make?
What all touchdowns did Michael Vick make?
How many points did the Redskins score in the second half?
How did Harald die?
How many years did the war between Harald's old supporters and Sigurd last?
Which event happened first, peace between Magnus and Harald or war between Magnus and Harald?
How many years did the peace between Magnus and Harald last?
Which occurred first, open war broke out or Sigurd died?
Which occurred first, the Battle of Holmengrå or Sigurd murdered Harald?
What is the last name of the man who murdered Harald in his sleep?
When was Magnus proclaimed king?
When did Harald and Magnus rule end?
When did Harald die?
Who was named king after Harald's death?
who was tortured to death?
How many people claimed to be king after Sigurd's death?
Which attacks were done to Magnus by Harald?
How many years after Harald became king in 1135 was he murdered?
How many of Harald's sons became kings shortly after his death?
How many years did the Greater Poland uprising lasted?
How many years passed between the Second Partition of Poland and the Greater Poland uprising?
Who rebelled against the Germans?
What effect did the Polish uprising have?
What created the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
What was Poland fighting?
What region part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonweatlh?
How many years did the Wielkopolska uprising last?
How many different names did Poland region have for conflicts against the German rule?
HOw many years did the Greater Poland uprising last?
How many years did the Greater Poland uprising last?
How many other names did the Greater Poland uprising have?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Versailles or the Posnanian War?
How many years passed between the Second Partition of Poland and the Greater Poland uprising?
How many names did the Greater Poland uprising have?
How many names were there for the Posnanian War?
What were the other names of the Posnanian War?
How many years after the Second Partition of Poland was the Greater Poland uprising of 1918-1919?
Which team scored fewer points in the first and second quarters?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham score?
How many of the 5 field goals were not made by Shayne Graham?
What all field goals did Shayne Graham make?
What all field goals did Shayne Graham make over 35 yards?
How many yards difference was Shayne Graham’s first field goal compared to Jeff Wilkins’s field goal?
How many total yards did Shayne Graham kick for field goals?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham kick?
How many yards was Shayne Graham's longest field goal?
How many yards was Shayne Graham's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team scored the least amount of points in the first half?
How many points did Dallas win by?
How many touchdowns did Dez Bryant catch?
what game in 49ers team in San Francisco?
what different receivers and finishing passer rating
looming division match-up date?
How many points did Dallas win against San Francisco by?
Who had the most yards attributed to them total?
How many more yards from scrimmage did Ezekiel Elliot have than rushing yards?
How many more yards from scrimmage did Ezekiel Elliot have than Dez Bryant had receiving yards?
Which team had over 500 yards on offense?
Which team does Dallas play next?
Who does Dallas play next?
Who was the leading rusher?
How many pass touchdowns did the Cowboys have?
How many points did the Cowboys win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many combined rushing and passing yards did Ezekiel Elliott and Dak Prescott have?
How many points did Johnson's 3-yard touchdown result into?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Chargers manage to get in the last quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass than Philip River's longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns were there in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many field goals longer than 28-yards did Shayne Graham kick?
How many field goals did Shayne Graham kick in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did Bengals make before halftime?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which yard line did the Chargers score from twice?
In which quarter did both teams score the same number of touchdowns?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
How many TDs did the Bengals have before the Chargers scored?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
Which team lost the game?
How many games had the Bengals lost before this loss?
Which quarter had the most touchdowns scored?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team had the longest TD pass?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who had their first 100 yard receiving game?
Who was playing in their hometown for the first time?
How many wins did the Saints leave this game with?
How many total touchdowns were in this game?
How many TDs did Shockey get?
Which players made touchdowns from over 12 yards?
Who scored a touchdown from the farthest number of yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many quarters did Bush play?
How many full quarters did the Vikings go scoreless?
Which team scored first?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
Which team was losing at the half?
How many scores did the Vikings get?
How many scores did the Lions get?
Who scored first, Theo Riddick or Joique Bell?
How many sacks did the Lions have?
How many more points did Detroit score in the first half than in the second half?
How many yards longer was Henery's field goal over Walsh's one?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many more points did the Lions score in the first half than the second?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Lions?
Were more yards earned from field goals in the first or second half?
How many more field goal yards were kicked in the first half than in the second half?
Which players scored for the Lions in the second half?
How many quarters did the Vikings fail to score?
How many players scored for the Vikings?
How many more players scored for the Lions than scored for the Vikings?
How many quarters of the game had at least one score?
How many more wins then losses did the giants have at the end of the game?
How many points were the bears winning by at halftime?
Which was the visiting team?
Which team was losing at halftime?
Which team does Cutler play for?
How many points did the Bears score in the second half?
How many points did the Bears score in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the first half, the Bears or the Giants?
Which team scored the most points in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team was winning at halftime?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play of the game?
How many field goals did Alex Henery kick?
How many field goals of more than 45 yards were kicked?
How many total field goals were kicked by both teams?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards long was the longest field goal?
What quarter did Jason Hanson kick two field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many receptions did Nate Burleson receive?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many total yards of field goals did Alex Henery make?
How many more yards of total field goal yards did Jason Hanson have than Alex Henery?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Alex Henery's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Alex Henery's longest field goal than Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many total combined touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Michael Vick make?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards of touchdown passes were in the game than rushing touchdown yards?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Were there more field goals in the first half or the second half?
How many more field goals were there in the second half compared with the first half?
How many yards longer was Hanson's longest second half field goal versus his shortest second half field goal?
How many total yards did Hanson have?
How many total yards did Henery have?
Which kicker had more total yards?
In which quarters was there no touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns were in the fourth quarter compared with the second?
Who scored the longest touchdown play?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest touchdown pass?
How many years was Richard Grenville a Justice of the Peace for Exeter for?
How many years was Richard Grenville Marshal of Calais?
How many years were between when Richard Grenville's fatheer died and the Prayer Book Rebellion?
How many years were between were between when Richard Grenville's father died and when Richard himslef fied?
When was Kilkhampton buried?
How many years was Richard Grenville Mashal of Calais?
How many years after Richard Grenville was Mashal did he accompany the king?
How many years was Richard Grenville Justice of peace?
in what year did Richard Grenville contract the illness?
How many years did Richard Grenville live after his fathers death?
How many years did  Richard Grenville take a break being sheriff of cornwell?
How many years was Richard Grenville a sheriff?
Which position did Richard Grenville hold for longer in total, Sheriff of Cornwall or Sheriff of Devon?
How many years did Richard Grenville hold the position of Justice of the Peace for Cornwall?
In what years did Richard Grenville hold the position of Sheriff of Cornwall and Justice of the Peace for Cornwall at the same time?
Which happened later, the death of Richard's father or the Prayer Book Rebellion?
How many years after Richard's father died did RIchard himself die?
On what date was Richard Grenville buried?
How many years did the Sheriff of Cornwall serve
How many years was he Justice of the Peace for Exeter
When was Grenville buried
What year did his dad die
What had Richard Grenville?
What happend at Kilkhampton?
What happened first: Richard's father died or he became Justice of the Peace?
What happened second: Richard's father died or he became Justice of the Peace?
How many years was Richard Grenville Marshal of Calais?
What all locations did Richard Grenville serve as Justice of the Peace?
What all locations did Richard Grenville serve as Sheriff?
How many years after the death of Richard Grenville's father did he become Marshal of Calais?
How many years after the death of Richard Grenville's father did he die?
How many times was Richard Grenville the Sheriff of Cornwall?
How many years did Richard Grenville live in Calais?
How many years after his father did Richard Grenville die?
How many touchdown passes did Fitzgerald catch in the game?
How many more yards was McNabbs TD pass to Avant compared to Jackson?
Was Akers field goal long in  the first half or second half of the game?
How many touchdowns did Larry Fitzgerald score?
How many touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb throw?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb throw in the first quarter?
How many total field goal yards did David Ackers kick?
How many total yards did Donovan McNabb throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes over 1 yard did Donovan McNabb throw?
How many yards difference was Donovan McNabb's first touchdown pass compared to his last?
How many yards difference was Kurt Warner's first touchdown pass compared to second?
How many combined yards did David Akers kick for field goals?
How many total yards in touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb  throw?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the fourth quarter?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Akers make?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Brian Westbrook have?
How many rushing touchdowns did Westbrook have?
How many different Eagles caught touchdown passes?
Which player threw the second most touchdowns?
Which players had two receiving touchdowns?
How many more yards was McNab's fourth touchdown over his third?
How many first half touchdowns did Brian Westbrook score?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers have?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who scored the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers have?
Who Kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How long was the longest field goal?
How long was the longest pass?
Who had the shortest run?
In which quarter did Philip Rivers throw the most passes?
How many wins did San Diego have after winning this game?
How many losses did San Diego have after beating Tampa Bay?
Who did the Chargers beat prior to playing Tampa Bay?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goal attempts did  Nate Kaeding successfully convert?
How many field goal attempts did Matt Bryant successfully convert?
How many games did the Chargers beat the Chiefs this year?
Which team did the Chiefs lose to in week 15?
How many total touchdowns were there in the first quarter?
Which team scored the least points at half time?
How many wins did San Diego come into this game with?
How many field goals did Tampa Bay score in the first half?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored the first touchdown for the Buccaneers?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many second quarter touchdowns did the Chargers score?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's second field goal over his first one?
Which team won the game?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
After this game, how many more games had the Patriots won than lost?
Who caught the first pass?
who was the patriots kicker?
who threw the longest touchdown play?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many of the 6 field goals and field goal attempts in the game were from over 40 yards?
How many of the 6 field goal attempts in the game were successful?
How many more field goals did Kaeding hit than missed?
How many Touchdowns did RB Chris Ivory have?
Who caught the game-winning TD?
Who rushed for a Touchdown?
Who threw the game-winning TD?
How many yards longer was Chris Ivory's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was David Buehler's second field goal compared to his first?
Which kicker kicked the most field goals?
How many yards long was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
how many yards did ivory get?
how many yards did hartley get?
how many yards did ivory run?
how many yards did buehler get?
how many yards did hartley nail?
how many yards did beuhler hit?
how many yards did austin get?
how many yards did the saints score with?
how many yards did Choice run?
how many points were the saints down?
how many points did new orleans recover with?
how many yards did Brees complete?
Which place kicker had more field goals?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers have?
How many more yards was the 44 yards goal compared to the 41 yards goal?
How many less yards was the 41 yards goal compared to the 44 yards goal?
How many more yards was the 44 yards goal compared to the 27 yards goal?
How many less yards was the 27 yards goal compared to the 44 yards goal?
How many more yards was the 44 yards goal compared to the 25 yard goal?
How many less yards was the 25 yard goal compared to the 44 yards goal?
How many points did they win by
How many losses did they have to the Bengals
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were from rushing?
How many points did Mike Nugent score?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player scored more field goals, Mike Nugent or Shaun Suisham?
How many more field goals did Mike Nugent make over Shaun Suisham?
How many total field goal yards did Mike Nugent kick?
Which field goals did Mike Nugent make?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards shorter was Mike Nugent's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
How many yards are the two shortest field goals combined?
How many total points did both teams combine for?
How many more points did the winning team have compared to the losing team?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal when compared to the shortest?
Who scored more points, the Bengals or the Ravens?
Who had the longest touchdown run of the game?
Which player on defense scored a touchdown?
In which quarter did both teams score?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns measured between 35 and 45 yards long?
How many yards did both rushing touchdowns measure when combined?
How many more rushing touchdowns were scored compared to defensive touchdowns?
How many more yards were scored on rushing touchdowns as compared to defensive touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on both offensive and defensive touchdowns?
How many yards of difference was there between the longest and second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the average touchdown in length when all three touchdowns are taken into account?
How many field goals measured longer than 40 yards long?
How many yards were kicked in total across both field goals?
How many yards longer was the first field goal compared to the second field goal?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter kick?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the longest field goal of the game?
How many safetys did the Dophins get?
How many field goals did Bironas kick?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick?
How many total points were scored when each team's have when their totals are combined?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were scored?
Which kicker had less than 2 field goals?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What was the last scoring play of the game?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many field goals longer than 26 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals shorter than 26 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many yards longer was Alex Smith's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's third field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals longer than 24 yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many total yards did Alex Smith throw for touchdowns?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Joe Nedney?
Which players scored field goals longer than 24 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many months passed between the two fires started by Belle Mitchell?
How many more dollars did the damage from the 1899 fire cost than the damage from the 1898 fire?
How many major fires did Belle Mitchell accidentally start?
How many buildings did the October 14, 1898 fire destroy?
How many years after the second major fire did the third and worst fire occur?
How many major fires occurred between 1897 and 1899?
How many more dollars was the damage of the second fire than the last fire in 1899?
How many yards difference was Laurence Maroney's touchdown run compared to Brian Hoyer's touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Tom Brady’s touchdown pass to Kevin Faulk compared to his first touchdown pass to Wes Welker?
Q: How many yards difference was Tom Brady’s second touchdown pass to Wes Welker compared to his third touchdown pass to Randy Moss?
Who scored the longest touchdown run?
Who scored a touchdown run first, Laurence Maroney or Brian Hoyer?
How many points did they lose to Cincinnati by in 1989?
How many catches did Terrell Owens have?
How many points did the Cowboys score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did Lito Sheppard score?
How many wins did the Cowboys have after losing the Eagles?
How many losses did the Cowboys have after losing the Eagles?
How many passes did rogers miss?
How many points did the Bears score in the second half?
How many times did both teams punt?
At least in how many games Panthers didn't have a touchdown in their last five games?
Who scored first John Kasay or Olindo Mare?
Who had the longer field goal John Kasay or Olindo Mare?
Which team had the lead in the first quarter?
How many more yards was Kasay's first field goal to second one?
How many TD pass did Brees complete?
How many home games did Carolina win so far this year?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw?
How many yards was Drew Brees' longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
Which players caught 1-yard touchdown passes?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the shortest and longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Olindo Mare?
How many more field goals did John Kasay make over Olindo Mare?
Which field goals did John Kasay make?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay kick?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdown passes?
Which players had field goals longer than 25 yards?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Kasay kick?
How many points were the Browns winning by early in the first quarter?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
At the end of the game, how many total losses did the Browns have?
How many interceptions did McCown throw?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
how many points did the browns lead by in the first?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many wins did the Cardinals have before playing this game?
How many losses did the Bengals have after losing this game to Arizona?
Which player helped tie the game at 31 all?
Who helped to make it a close game with two touchdowns in the game?
What happened with Peko?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many points were the Bengals leading by at halftime?
How many touchdowns were made during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the second half?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score during the third quarter?
How many field goals were made during the fourth quarter?
How many games did the Broncos lose before playing the Giants?
What was the last score type of the first half?
What all teams did Max Scherzer play for in 2007 and 2008?
How many total yards did Matt Prater kick in field goals?
Which players kicked two or more field goals?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes's longest field goal over Matt Prater's longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked from over 30 yards and less than 50 yards?
How many points did the Titans get on the board with?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the first Field Goal?
How many first half field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
What was the longest touchdown play?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards difference was Suisham's final goal compared to Bironas's final field goal?
How many yards were Jamie Harper's’s touchdown run and Baron Batch's touchdown run combined?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick in the first half of the game?
How many total yards did Suisham kick for scoring field goals?
How many years was King Magnus Barefoot's campaign in Britain and Ireland?
Where did the Battle of Stamford Bridge take place?
How many countries were involved in the Battle of Stamford Bridge?
Which countries were involved in the Battle of Stamford Bridge?
How many different King Heralds were there?
What were the names of the different kings?
Who died first: Harald Hardrada or Sweyn Estrithson?
Who died last: Harald Hardrada or Sweyn Estrithson?
Who died last: Magnus Barefoot or Tostig Godwinson?
Who died first: Magnus Barefoot or Tostig Godwinson?
How many family members fought each other at the Battle of Stamford Bridge?
Which person was killed at the Battle of Stamford Bridge, King Harold Godwinson or Tostig Godwinson?
Which army won the battle at Hastins, Godwinson's army or Normans?
Which commanders died during battle against the English Army?
Which army won at Hastings, English army or Normans?
Which King held a Scandinavian campaign for one year, King Sweyn Estrithson of Denmark or King Magnus Barefoot of Norway ?
Who ran multiple Scandinavian campaigns, King Magnus Barefoot of Norway or King Sweyn Estrithson?
How many years apart was the first campaign of King Magnus Barefoot of Norway from his second campaign?
How many relatives related to King Harold Godwinson were killed in a battle against him?
How many kings were killed in 1066?
How many kings carried out major Scandinavian campaigns in Britain and Ireland even after the Viking Age was marked as completed?
How many kings from Norway continued campaigns after the end of the Viking Age?
Who carried out more campaigns, King Sweyn Estrithson of Denmark  or King Magnus Barefoot of Norway?
What month was King Harold Godwinson's army defeated by the Normans at Hastings?
What all Kings had major campaigns after The Battle of Stamford Bridge?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many touchdown runs were made from the 1 yard line
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards of TD passes did McNabb throw?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
How many points did the Cardinals have in the third Quarter?
How many towch down passes were thrown to WR Anquan Boldin?
Who did the Cardinals defeat in week 1?
How many touchdowns did the Cardinals score in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was Anquan Boldin's longest touchdown?
How many yards was Anquan Boldin's shortest touchdown?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
Who threw the third longest TD pass?
Who caught the second longest TD pass?
How many years did the first phase of the Greco-Turkish war last?
How many years did the first phase last in the Greco-Turkish war?
How many years did the second phase last in Greco-Turkish War?
Which happened first, the Armistice of Mudros, or the Greek offensive operations?
How many months did the first phase of the war last?
What was the shortest phase of the war?
Which war took place in the 1920's?
How many phases did the Greco-Turkish war have?
How many months did the second phase last?
Who held the strategic initiative in the third phase?
How many years do these events span for?
About how many months do these events span for?
What event happened first, Ferdinand's death, or John II Casimir signing an alliance?
What event happened first, Ferdinand's death, or the treaty being renewed and ammended?
What event happened later, Ferdinand's death or the treaty of Wehlau?
How many months were between the treaty of Wehlau and Bromberg?
What event happened first, the treaty of Wehlau, or the treaty of Bromberg?
What event happened later, te treaty of Wehlau or the treaty of Bromberg?
What event happened first, Ferdinand's death, or the treaty of Wehlau?
What event happened first, Ferdinand's death or the treaty of Bromberg?
On what 1/12 of a year did the some government say they were sorry?
On what 1/365 of a year did the some government say they were sorry?
On what 1/10 of a decade did the some government say they were sorry?
What year did the German government apologize and admit to massacres equal to genocide?
What year did the german goverment apologize?
Who admitted that the massacres were equivalent to genocide?
How many years after Germany's apology did they compare the massacres to genocide?
Who officially apologized for Germany?
How many years did it take after the Germans apologized for them to admit that the massacres were equivalent to genocide?
Who were the atrocities committed against?
Where did the Herero genocide occur?
What happened first: World War I or German government officially apologized?
What happened second: World War I or German government officially apologized?
How many years after occupation did the German government admit that the massacres were the equivalent to genocide?
Who did the Germans commit genocide against?
How many wins did the Patriots have to start this game?
How many wins would this game be for the Dolphins if they win?
How many points did the dolphins score in the first quarter?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Brady’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many points did the Dolphins make it the second half?
How many points did the Patriots score in the second quarter?
How many yards did Tom Brady throw for touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Patriots leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
What all touchdowns did Brady make?
How many yards difference was Brady’s first touchdown pass to Moss compared to his second touchdown pass to Moss?
How many yards difference was Brady’s first touchdown pass to Moss compared to his touchdown pass to Gaffney?
How many years after the Persian coup d'état was it established that the Pahlavi dynasty was the ruling house of the country?
Did the campaign against the Kurds happen before or after the coup by the Persian Cossack Brigade?
What year did the Persions succeed with their coup d'etat?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, the Persian coup d etat, or the campaign against Simko and the Kurds?
How many cities did Reza Khan launch military actions to eliminate separatist and dissident movements in?
How many years after the Persian coup d'etat did the the Pahlavi dynasty as of ruling house of the country become established?
How many years did it take for the Pahlavi dynasty to be in power?
When did Zia'eddin Tabatabaee become a servant?
How many yearsd id the campaign against SImko and the Kurds last?
Which empire had success in 1922?
How many three day sessions did the KPRA have in 1976?
Why were all religions banned?
How many people were on the Standing Committee of the CPK?
How many months after the Constitution of Democratic Kampuchea was created did the KPRA first meet?
How many times did the KPRA meet?
How many member made up the Standing Committee of CPK?
How many other names was the Standing Committee of CPK also known as?
How many names did  Pol Pot go by?
How many total mwmbers made up the Standing Committee of CPK?
What all names had the Prime Minister of the CPK gone by?
How many months after the the "Constitution of Democratic Kampuchea" was promulgated did the KPRA meet?
How many years did it take for the conquest of Tenerife?
What happened first, the attempt to annex Tenerife, or the conquest of Tenerife?
How many years passed between the attempt to annex Tenerife and the beginning of the conquest of Tenerife?
What happened first, the signing of the peace treaty or the building of the Anaga tower?
How many years is it traditionally considered the conquest of Tenerife to have taken?
How many years did the conquest of Tenerife last?
What happened first: the first attempt to conquer the island or the signing a peace treaty?
What happened second: the first attempt to conquer the island or the signing a peace treaty?
How many years passed between the first attempt to annex Tenerife until the actual conquest began?
How many years did the conquest of Tenerife take, after the conquest began in earnest?
How many years were of the traditional dates of conquest of Tenerife?
How many points higher is the satisfaction rating of health than business?
How many points higher is the satisfaction rating of science than arts?
Which of the four categories of  MQ University student satisfaction surveys has the highest percentage?
How many points higher is the US News ranking of MQ University is the ranking given to MQ University by US News?
Which student survey satisfaction is the highest percentage, science or arts?
Which world rankings for Macquarie University is the highest ranking, QS or US News?
How many more percent of student survey satisfaction rating are higher, arts or science?
How many more percentage does science have than health?
Which region ranks Macquarie University in the top 12 univerities?
Which groups rank Macquarie University between 250 and 300?
Which field has the second highest student satisfaction score?
Why didn't Duke of Orleans marry the Emperor's realtive?
What did the Italian War of 1542-46 do to the participants?
Which happened earlier, the Truce of Nice or the second Italian War?
Which treaty was introduced first, the Treaty of Ardres or the Treaty of Crépy?
Who was Francis' perpetual enemy?
Which area was attacked first, Nice or Boulogne-sur-Mer?
Which treaty occured first, the Treaty of Ardres or the Treaty of Crepy?
How many deaths took place in 1547?
How many countries experienced attempted invasions?
Who kicked more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Sebastian Janikowski?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards did Nedney kick?
How many yards did McNabb complete?
how many yards did akers nail?
how many yards did mcnabb complete?
how many yards did nedney get?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which rushing back scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did David Akers make?
From what distances were David Akers field goals?
How many countries made diplomatic relations?
Which event happened first, they signed a strategic partnership or they established diplomatic relations?
Which event happened first, they established diplomatic relations or  both nations celebrated 25 years of diplomatic relations?
When did they last celebrate relations anniversary?
How many years have passed since both nations signed a strategic partnership agreement
How many months after Kazakhstan became an independent nation did the French President Francois Mitterrand pay an official visit there?
How many years after Kazakhstan and France booster their relations by signing a strategic partnership did the two countries create A Franco-Kazakh Presidential Commission?
How many months passed between Kazakhstan becoming an independent nation and their establishing diplomatic relations with France?
How many years after France established diplomatic relations with Kazakhstan did they move the embassy from Almaty to Astana?
How many years after France and Kazakhstan established diplomatic relations did they create a Franco-Kazakh Presidential Commission?
How many years after France and Kazakhstan established diplomatic relations with each other did the French President François Mitterrand visit the country?
How many countries established diplomatic relations on 25 January 1992?
How many centers are in Astana?
How many years after France became the the first European nation to recognize Kazakhstan did a French President officially visit Kazakhstan?
Which city houses the French embassy as well as an Alliance Française center, Astana or Almaty?
How many centers did the Alliance Française operate in total?
How many years after Kazakhstan became an independent nation in December 1991 did France transferred its embassy to the new capital of Astana?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in this game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
How many times did the Lions play the Bears this year?
Who scored the most points?
How many points did the Lions score in the second half?
Which team was losing at halftime?
Out of the first three touchdowns scored, which player's was longer?
Out of the first two touchdowns scored, which player's was shorter?
Out of the first three touchdowns scored, what was the longest?
Out of the first two touchdowns scored, what was the longest?
Out of the first two touchdowns scored, what was the shortest?
How many yards were gained across the first two touchdowns when their values are added together?
How many yards were gained across the first three touchdowns when their values are added together?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown compared to the second touchdown?
How many yards shorter was the first touchdown compared to the third touchdown?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
Who scored during the Seahawks come back?
Who scored the 2-point conversion?
Which team scored the 2-point conversion?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who did Freeman throw a 21 yard TD pass to?
Which team did the Seahawks lose to before this game?
Who was Matt Hasselback replaced with as QB by the end of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdown receptions did Mike Williams have?
Who scored at least two touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Josh Freeman have?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards long were the two longest touchdowns?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game compared to Leon Washington's touchdown?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 20 yards?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards of field goals did Matt prater kick?
How many more field goals did Prater kick compared to Barth?
How many yards of touchdown passes did the Bears throw?
How many touchdowns did the Bears score in the first quarter?
Which team got the longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many points did the Bears get in the first quarter?
Which team scored more points during the third quarter, the Lions or the Bears?
How many points did Neal Rackers score?
Which player scored the game-winning touchdown?
How many games had the 49ers won after their first game of the season?
How many rushing touchdowns were there that were less than 10 yards long?
Which player had the shortest touchdown run?
How many points was the differential between the winning and losing team?
Which quarterback had the only touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns measured between 1 yard and 10 yards?
how many yards did gore run?
how many yards did rackers get?
how many yards did james run?
how many yards did nedney get?
how many yards did nedney kick?
how many yards did leinart complete?
How many losses did the Cardinals have after the game?
how many yards did Nedney get?
how many yards did James run?
how many yards did Leinart complete?
how many yards did Battle run?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown of the game for the 49ers?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown of the game for the Cardinals?
How many field goals did Joe Nedney make?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many td passes did Anquan Boldin catch in the first three quarters of the game?
How many rushing tds did Edgerrin James have in the game?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers make in the game?
Did the Bengals score fewer points in the first or second quarter?
How many points did the Bengals score in the second quarter?
How many more points did the Bengals score in the second quarter compared to the first quarter?
Did the Bengals score more touchdowns or field goals in the first two quarters combined?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was Tyler Eifert's first touchdown compared to his second?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Did the Bengals score fewer points in the second or third quarter?
How many points did the Bengals score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Raiders score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was Mike Nugent's longest field goal?
How many more households were there than families?
Which group had units over 10,000, people or households?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
Were there more people or housing units?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
How many people and families are in the county according to the census?
How many households and families are in the county according to the census?
How many more people than households are in the county according to the census?
How many more households than families are in the county according to the census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: households or families?
How many races each made up less than 1% of the population?
Which groups are at least 10000 in size?
Which groups are between 5000 and 7500 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which were there more of residing in the county, households or families?
How many more households were there than families residing in the county as of the census of 2000?
Which groups are at least 10000 in size?
Which groups are between 5000 and 7500 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
How many years was it between when the elector of Bradenburd captured Stettin and when Stralsund fell?
How many months was it between when the elector of Bradenburg captured Stettin and an alliance with John III of poland concluded?
How many years was it between when most of Swedish Pomerania and the Duchy of Bremen were taken and when the elector of Bradenburg was captured?
How many years was it between when most of Swedish Pomerania and the Duchy of Bremen were taken and when Stralsund fell?
How many years did these events span?
How many years did Fall of Stralsund and concluding of defensive alliance overlap?
Which battle came first?
How many nationalities took Swedish Pomerania and the Duchy of Bremen?
Who entered into an alliance with John III of Poland?
Who lost the Battle of Oland?
At how many locations did Baibars attack the Christian crusaders?
How many years after Baibars captured Antioch did Edward arrive at Acre?
How many cities did Baibars attack Christian crusaders in?
How many years did it take after the death of Qutuz for Baibars to take Antioch?
What was Prince Edward on his way to help Bohemund with?
How many years after Qutuz was assassinated did Louis IX of France die?
How many fortress cities were attacked by Baibars?
How many men did Edward bring?
How many knights did Edward bring?
Who was diverted instead to Tunis?
How many places did Baibars proceeded to attack the Christian Crusaders?
Did Edward have more men or knights that he brought to Acre?
How many points total were scored in the game?
Who scored more points, Seahawks or Giants?
How many points did Seattle win by?
Which front had more Soviet forces, the Southern Front or the Southwestern Front?
How many army groups attacked on 22 June?
How many groups broke through the Soviet 5th Army?
How many days passed from the arrival of Army Group South until the Soviet counterattack on the 1st Panzer Group?
How many Mechanized Corps participated in the Soviet counterattack on 26 June?
How many Mechanized Corps groups fought on June 26th?
What four Mechanized Corps groups fought on June 26th?
how many yards did Henery get to the lead?
how many yards did morgan pass?
how many yards did maclin score?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
how many yards did maclin get?
how many yards did Forbath get?
How many yards did Forbath come through in the second?
How many yards did Moss get?
how many yards did lweis get?
How many yards was the difference between the first and second field goals?
How many total points were scored in the game by both teams?
How long are the top two longest field goals made?
How many field goals between 35 and 45 yards were made?
Which players made field goals between 35 and 45 yards?
Which player kicked the two shortest field goals?
Which players caught interceptions?
Which players threw interceptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did Washington win the game by?
How many months did the campaign take to completion?
Did the crusaders stop or continue their campaign in June of 1198?
What was Conrad's title?
Where is Tyre located?
Amalric was crowned King of Jerusalem how many years after the German army landed at Acre?
In 1198 who crowned the King of Armenia?
who were the crusaders?
who crowned the prince to be king?
How many days after the German army landed at Acre did they enter Beirut?
Which happened last  Archbishop Conrad crowned Prince Leo or remaining crusaders concluded another armistice?
What happened first: Amalric married Queen Isabella or Conrad crowned Prince Leo?
What happened second: Amalric married Queen Isabella or Conrad crowned Prince Leo?
Which unemployment rate was higher, the U.S. unemployment rate or the U-6 unemployment rate?
Which year had more youth unemployed, 2007 or 2012?
Which year had the least unemployment rate in the European Union, 2017 or 2007?
Which had a lower unemployment rate, the U.S. unemployment rate or the U-6 unemployment rate?
Which country had a lower unemployment rate, the U.S. in 2010, or Japan in 2012?
How many youth were unemployed in 2007?
In which year was the unemployment rate higher in the EU, 2012 or 2007?
In which year was the unemployment rate the highest for the U.S., 2010 or 2018?
How many year time span was it when about 25000000 people in the worlds thirty richest countries lost their jobs?
How many percentage points difference was their between the April 2010 U.S. unemployment rate and the U-6 unemployment rate?
Was the unemployment rate higher in the U.S. or Japan in 2012?
How many percentage points did the youth unemployment rate rise from 2007 to last year?
How many percentage points did the youth unemployment rate rise in the European Union from 2007 to last year?
How many years time span did 25000000 people in the worlds thirty richest countries lose their jobs as the economic downturn pushed most countries into a recession?
Which unemployment rate was higher, the U.S. unemployment rate or the governments broader U-6 unemployment rate?
How many percentage points higher was the governments broader U-6 rate compared to the U.S. unemployment rate?
How many youth were unemployed around the world in 2007?
How many percentage points was the U.S. unemployment rate below the low normal rate in March 2018?
Which unemployment rate was higher in 2010, the U.S. unemployment rate or the governments broader U-6 unemployment rate?
How many percentage points higher was the U.S. unemployment rate in April 2010 compared to Japan's unemployment rate in 2012?
Which country had the higher youth unemployment rate, the European Union last year or the U.S. in March 2018?
How many percentage points, in April 2010, higher was the unemployment rate in the U.S. than in Japan in 2012?
How many percent did the U.S.'s unemployment rate improve from April 2010 to March 2018?
What year was was the unemployment  around world the largest: 2007 or 2012?
What years will 25,000,000 million people lose their jobs
What happened first, the capture of Kirkuk or the defense of Mosul?
Did Nader Shah go to Daghestan before or after he besieged Kars?
Which happened first - Nader Shah grew insane, or peace was made?
How many years did the revolt last after Nader Shah grew insane?
Which occured first - Nader Shah grew insane, or Nader Shah dropped his demand for Ja'fari recognition?
Which happened first, the employment of an Ottoman forse, or the attempt to dislodge Nader's allies?
How many years passed between the revolt led by Shah and the making of peace?
Who won the battle at Mosul?
Which was attacked first, Mosul or Kars?
Which happened earlier, the battle of Kars or Nader Shah's assassination?
What city was besieged by Nader Shah's army in 1743?
What happened first, the battle of Kars lead by Nader Shah, or the assassination of Nader Shah?
What city was attacked first, Mosul or Kars?
Who was in Nader Shah's army?
How many yards did Pennington complete?
How many yards did Brown get?
How many points did Wallace pass?
How many yards did Babineaux intercept?
Which team returned an interception for a touchdown?
Which team failed on a two point conversion attempt?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which DB scored a touchdown?
Who caught a 3-yard touchdown pass?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Chad Pennington throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards shorter was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What are the top two longest touchdown runs made?
What religion did Henry IV change to?
How many years long were Henry IV's campaigns of Paris?
Which happened first, Henry IV's campaigns in Paris or Henry IV being crowned at Chartres?
How many years after his campaigns in Paris was Henry IV received into the Catholic Church?
How many years did it take from when Henry was formally received into the Catholic Church until he was crowned?
How many total years did Henry IV campaign to capture Paris?
How many years after Henry was formally received into the Catholic Church, was he crowned at Chartres?
What happened first, Henry being a Protestant or Henry being Catholic?
How many year time span did the campaigns take place?
How many years after Henry was received into the Catholic Church was he crowned at Chartres?
What religion was Henry converting to?
Which happened first, Henry's crowning at Chartres or Pope Clement VIII absolving him?
How many years of campaigns did Henry IV have in attempt to capture Paris?
Where was Henry IV supposed to have been crowned, but couldn't?
Who stated that a Protestant king wouldn't succeed in Paris?
How many years after the first campaign was Henry formally received into the Catholic Church?
How many years after Henry was received into the Catholic Church was he finally received into Paris?
How many years passed between the first campaign and Henry IV being crowned at Chartres?
What month and year did the Wiesenthal Center submitted an official request?
How many prisoners were exchanged between Germans and Finnic?
Roughly how many prisoners were handed over to the Soviets?
How many of 2,200 Finnic prisoners perished in Nazi concentration camps out of the 2000 that joined the Russian Liberation Army?
At maxmimum, how many more Soviet prisoners of war were handed over than Finnic prisoners of war?
Which group had more prisoners of war, Soviet or Finnic?
How many Finnic soldiers did not join the Russian Liberation Army?
How many Finnic soldiers may have died in Nazi concentration camps?
How many more prisoners were handed over to Germany, at the lowest estimate than gave away during the prisoner swap?
Who asked for the investigation into the prisoner swap?
How many total prisoners were swapped, according to the highest estimates?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many total yards of field foals did Vinatieri kick?
how many yards did Johnson pass?
How many yards did Rackers nail?
how many yards did vinatieri get?
who scored in the first quarter?
who scored last in the game?
who is the colts quarterback?
who is the colts tight end?
who is the texans' runningback?
How many touchdowns did Peyton Manning throw?
Who caught the first TD of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
How many 50+ yard field goals were made?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Vinatieri make?
Who kicked a field goal over 49 yards?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Seahawks get on the board with?
How many games had the Patriots lost prior to this game?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Titans score first?
How many points did the Texans answer with?
How many touchdown runs over 50 yards did Chris Johnson have?
How many touchdown passes did Chris Johnson receive?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Kris Brown score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Shaub throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was Matt Schaubs longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns longer than 50 yards were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns longer than 60 yards were scored in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards long, to the nearest integer, was the average touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards longer was Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
How many yards long, to the nearest integer, were Matt Schaub's touchdown passes on average?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
Who lost the battle in July 1566, the Sewdes or the Danes?
Where did the Allied ships go first, Öland or Gotland?
Who lost more men in the storm after the battle, the Allies, or the Swedes?
Which occurred first, Horn's discovery of the Allied Danish-Lübeck fleet, or the battle of 26 July 1566?
How many more crew drowned than survived?
On what date did a storm sink fourteen of the Allied ships anchored near Visby?
On what day was the burial for Christopher Morgisen?
How many vessels in the Allied fleet were destroyed in all in the storm?
When did a storm sink fourteen of the Allied ships?
Which lost more vessels, Danish or Lübeck?
Approximately how many crew were on the 12 Danish and 3 Lubeck vessels that were smashed?
How many points were scored by either team during the first half?
How many more points did the Lions score than the Packers?
Which Lions' losing streak was longer in years, losing to the Packers or losing within their division?
Who was the home team
What was the score in the first quarter?
How many times did each team score in the game?
Who scored the only TD of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many field goals did Bryant kick during the first half?
How many points were the Packers trailing by at halftime?
Who had the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored last?
How many points did the Bucs lead by at half time?
Who bobbled the Griese pass at the 5-yard line before it was intercepted in the third quarter?
How many months was Matt Bryant son?
How many yards was the final touchdown?
How many interceptions did Griese throw in the game?
How many plays was the 58 yard touchdown  drive?
How many yards was the touchdown from Rodgers to Jennings?
What quarter did Matt Bryant score his second field goal in?
How many points were the Buccaneers ahead by at halftime?
How many yards was in the last touchdown?
How many yards was the last field goal?
Which team was the home team?
Which team does Josh Freeman play for?
Who is Tampa Bay's kicker?
Who won the game?
Who scored first
What was the shortest play
Who was the second player Josh Freeman threw a touchdown pass to?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick from greater than 40 yards?
Who had the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Josh Freeman throw?
How many field goals of over 40 yards did John Kasay make?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 yards were made?
How many total yards of rushing did the Buccaneers have on their two rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards did Josh Freeman make in his touchdown passes?
Who had the shortest rushing touchdown in the first half?
How many yards difference exists between John Kasay longest and shortest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did John Kasay make?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 30 yards were made?
Which Buccaneers had a rushing touchdown?
Which Buccaneers had receiving touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers allow in the second half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Connor Barth?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest touchdown on both sides?
How many points would Bledsoe's interception have given the Cowboys over the Giants?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
how many yards did feely kick?
how many yards did romo throw?
Was the game played in the afternoon or at night?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
Which quarterbacks played in the game?
How many yards longer was Romo's longest touchdown pass than Mannings?
How many yards sorter was Feely's shortest field goal than his longest?
How many yards was the second longest offensive touchdown?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 30 yards were made?
Which player kicked two field goals?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Tony Romo have?
Which giants had receiving touchdowns?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored a safety?
How many quarterbacks played in this game for the Cowboys?
Which religious sect were the posters in the The Affair of the Placards against?
What caused the French monarchy to become more hardline against the protesters?
Which happened first - the Affair of Placards or John Calvin's escape?
How many years was it between the Affair of the Placards and the publishing of the Institutes of the Christian Religion?
Which happened first, the Affair of the Placards or John Calvin escaping from persecution?
Which happened first,  the Affair of the Placards or the publishing of the Institutes of the Christian Religion?
Which document did John Calvin write later,  the Ecclesiastical ordinances or the Institutes of the Christian Religion?
How many years after John Calvin was forced out of Geneva did he return?
Which happened first, the Affair of the Placards or John Calvin's return to Geneva?
What city did the execution of those responsible for the Affair of the Placards take place?
How many years between Affair of Placards 1534 and John 1536 published Institutes of the Christian Religion?
How many years after accompanying Francis to Paris were the individuals burned at the stake?
Which event happened first, the Affair of the Placards or the return to Geneva by John Calvin?
How many years passed between the begging of the Affair of the Placards and the publication of the Institutes of the Christian Religion?
Did John Calvin publish the Institutes of the Christian Religion first or write the Ecclesiastical ordinances?
How many years after being forced out, did John Calvin return to Geneva by invitation?
Who kicked the initial field goal for the Jets?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw?
How many touchdown passes did Seneca Wallace throw?
How many touchdowns did Seneca Wallace throw?
How many touchdowns did Brett Favre throw?
How many more wins did the Jets have compared to losses after this game?
Which kicker had the second most amount of field goals comverted?
How many more interceptions did Brett Farve have compared to Seneca Wallace's touchdowns?
How many yards per carry did Maurice Morris have at the end of the game?
How many more yards rushing did Maurice Morris have compared to Thomas Jones?
Which players made field goals?
How many more interceptions did Brett Farve throw compared to touchdowns?
How many yards did Maurice Morris average per rush?
How many more total rushing yards did Maurice Morris have compared to Thomas Jones?
How many more passing yards did Wallace have compared to Maurice Morris's rushing yards?
How many times in a row did the Jets lose to the Seahawks?
Which plays were the only scores in the first half?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which happened first, the construction of the fortress of Koporie or Alexander's recapturing of Pskov?
What happened last, the Battle of the Ice or the recapture of Pskov?
Who did Prince Yaroslav represent?
How many years did the campaigns last for?
How many years 1240-1241 did it take the Novgorodians to take Pereyaslavl-Zalessky ?
What happened later, Novgorodians took Pereyaslavl-Zalessky or Alexander recaptured Pskov?
What season was Pskov captured?
Where was the famous battle
Which came last, the Battle of Ice or the Novgorodians taking Pereyaslavl-Zalessky?
How many years did the Novgorodians take Pereyaslavl-Zalessky?
Who missed a 54-yard field goal with 0 seconds remaining?
How many passes did Jameis Winston miss on?
How many of Winston's passes were not completed?
How many incomplete passes did Jameis Winston account for in this game?
How many points did Jameis Winston completion percentage measure during this game?
How many more losses than wins did the Bucs have after this game?
How many yards in length did the potential game tying field goal measure?
How many different regions were identified as having the most-educated people?
Are there more in secondary schools in Surrey or in Oxfordshire?
How many people are not at the most-educated level in London in percentage?
How many more people live in Kent compared to Hampshire?
Where do more people live, Hampshire or Surrey?
How many of the students at state secondary schools do not go to Kent?
Which school has more students Surrey or Hampshire?
Which school has less students West Sussez or Oxfordshire?
How many more students attend Kent compared to Buckinghamsire?
How many students combined attend Branknell Forest and Reading?
How many students attended Hampshire and Surrey?
How many students attended Hampshire and West Sussex?
How many students attended Hampshire and Oxfordshire?
How many students attended Hampshire and Buckinghamsire?
How many students attended Surrey and West Sussex?
How many students attended Surrey and Oxfordshire?
Which school has more students: Hampshire or Surrey?
Which school has fewer students: Hampshire or Surrey?
Which school has more students: Hampshire or Oxfordshire?
Which school has fewer students: Hampshire or Oxfordshire?
Which school has more students: Oxfordshire or Buckinghamsire?
Which school has more students: Oxfordshire or West Sussex?
How many more secondary schools are in Hampshire and Surrey combined than in Kent?
What happened first, Mataram absorbing other principalities or Mataram turning its expansion eastward?
Who stopped Mataram expansion westward?
When  did the last event happen?
How many years after Mataram's unsuccessful westward expedition against Banten was the Duchy  in control of Gresik and Sedayu in eastern Java?.
How many other principalities did Mataram absorb to consolidate its power?
Which direction did Mataram turned his expedition toward first, Surabaya or Banten?
How many allies did Surabaya have that was a reponse to the growing power of Mataram?
How many years after Mataram consolidated its power by absorbing other principalities did Mataram turn it's expansion eastward?
How many principalities did Mataram absorb?
How many days did it take the Svinhufvud Senate to appoint a commander-in-chief?
Which occured first the White Order to engage or the Red Order of Revolution?
What were the guards called first, the Guards, the White Guards, or the White Army of Finland?
How many days did it take the Whites to disarm the Russian garrisons in January?
How many days did the disarming of the Russian garrisons overlap of the Red Order of Revolution?
How many days after the Red Order of Revolution was issued did the mobilization of the Reds begin?
How many days passed during this event?
How many causalities occurred as a result of this event?
Which event happened first, the  Catholic counter-alliance, or the Union with the Empire?
Which happened later, the forming of the League or the Battle of the Alte Veste?
How many years after the reformed princes merging did the Catholic side respond with a counter alliance?
How many years after the reformed princes merging into a Union was a large encampment built around Nuremberg?
What two alliances' conflicts resulted in the Thirty Years' War?
Who led the troops that lost the Battle of the Alte Veste against Wallenstein's troops?
Which group won the Battle of the Alte Veste, Franconia or Swedes?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many interceptions did Romo throw?
How many wins do the Eagles have after this game?
How many points did the Eagles win the Cowboys?
Which team lost the game?
how many yards did schobel kick?
how many yards did Akers connect with?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many points were Philadelphia winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
Which team rushed for over 200 yards?
How long was the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the Falcons only touchdown?
Who started at quarterback for the Falcons?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many games had the Falcons won this season before playing in New Orleans?
Which team scored first?
How many games have the Falcons lost in a row?
How many games did the Falcons loss before this game?
How many game streak have the Falcons lost?
How many points did the Saints get on the board with?
How many points did Andersen score in the fourth quarter?
How many losses did the Falcons have coming into this game?
How many points did the Saints score on their last drive?
How many points did the Falcons score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Saints score in the first quarter?
How many points did Atlanta score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was  Morten Andersen's first field goal compared to his second?
In what quarter did Morten Andersen not score a field goal?
How many yards were accumulated on the two longest scoring plays?
How many yards separate the range value for the touchdowns scored?
How many more yards were scored on passing touchdowns compared to rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were accumulated across all touchdown plays?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in comparison to the shortest field goal?
How many yards long is the mean value for all field goals converted in this game?
How many touchdowns spanned the range of 20 yards to 40 yards long?
How many touchdowns measured less than 10 yards in length?
How many touchdowns measuring longer then 20-yards in length were scored?
How many yards were accumulated on the longest passing touchdown and the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer did the two longest touchdowns measure relative to the two shortest?
How many yards long does the mean value measure when all touchdowns are taken into account?
How many field goals kicked measure longer than 30-yards in distance?
How many yards was the differential between the longest field goal and the shortest field goal?
Which team converted a 2-point attempt?
How many yards longer was Morten Andersen's first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown play?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Morten Andersen kick?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Drew Brees or Byron Leftwich?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdown passes?
Which field goals did Morten Andersen make?
How many more touchdown passes did Drew Brees make over Byron Leftwich?
How many yards shorter was Morten Andersen's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many points total were scored?
How many points Houston added in the second half?
How many more points Houston had at the end?
Which player had the most interceptions?
How many more males are there than females?
How many fewer females are there for every 1000?
How many percent of people did not live in urban areas?
How many percent of people were not literate?
How many males are not literate?
How many females are not literate?
How many percent of the population are not Hindu?
How many percent are not muslim?
How many percent were not Jains?
How many percent were not Buddhist?
how many percent her not Sikh?
Where there more females or males living in Karnataka according to the 2011 census of India?
How many more males were there living in Karnataka in 2011 according to the census of India?
How many years was the time span where the population increased 15.60%?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Hindu?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Muslim?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Christian?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Jains?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Buddhist?
How many in percent in Karnataka from the census weren't Sikh?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is larger: Hindu or Muslim?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is smaller: Hindu or Muslim?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is larger: Christian or Jains?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is smaller: Christian or Jains?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is larger: Buddhist or Sikh?
Which group in Karnataka from the census is smaller: Buddhist or Sikh?
How many more males were there living in Karnataka compared to females?
Which gender had a higher literacy rate, males or females?
Was more of the population in Karnataka Hindu or Christian?
How many more percentage points of the people living in Karnataka were Muslim compared to Buddhist?
How many percent of males were not literate?
How many percent of females were not literate?
How many percent of the people were not literate
How many people did not live in urban areas?
How many more people total were there than males?
How many more people total were there than females?
How many percernt were not male?
How many percent were not female?
How many more percent are male than female?
How many more males are there than females?
How many less females per 1000 were there than males?
How many more percent of Hindu than Buddhist?
Which gender was the smallest population in numbers,female or male?
How many more males in Karnataka per 1000 than females?
Which gender had the highest literacy rate, females or males?
How many more percentage of males than females were literate?
Which religion was the largest population in Karnataka, Hindu or Muslim
Which religion was the smallest percentage in Karnataka, Sikh or other religions?
How many more percent was the male gender than females in Karnataka?
How many more percent of Christians than Jains?
How many more percent were Buddhist than Sikh?
Which religion had the highest percentage of population, Muslims or Christians?
How many more males were there in 2011 in Karnataka than females?
How many percent of the population was not literate?
How many percent of the population was not Hindu?
As of the 2011 census, were there more Sikhs or Buddhists?
As of teh 2011 census, were there more Christians or Muslims?
How many percent of people were not male?
How many percent of people were not female?
How many percent of people did not live in urban areas?
How many percent of people were not literate?
How many percent of males were not literate?
How many percent of females were not literate?
How many percent of people were not Hindu?
How many percent of people were not Muslim?
How many percent of people were not Christian?
How many percent of people were not Jains?
How many percent of people were not Buddhist?
How many percent of people were not Sikh?
How many more of the population of Karnataka was male than female?
How many percentage points higher was the male literacy rate than the female literacy rate?
How many percentage points of the population were Jains, Buddhists, and Sikhs?
How many percentage points of the population were Hindu, Muslim, or Christian?
How many percent are not female?
How many percent are not male?
How many percent of people do not live in urban areas?
How many percent of people are not literate?
How many percent of males are not literate?
How many percent of females are not literate?
How many percent of people were not Christian?
How many percent of people were not Muslim?
How many percent of people were not Jains?
How many percent of people were not Buddhist?
How many percent of people were not Sikh?
What two groups became the Livonian Order?
Which came first, St. George's Night Uprising or the printing of a Lutheran catechism?
How many years after the Livonian Brothers of the Sword conquered all Danish territories in Northern Estonia did the Teutonic knights returned the Duchy of Estonia to Valdemar II,?
Which event occurred last, Brothers of the Sword merged into the Teutonic Order of Prussia or the St. George's Night Uprising?
What came first, the Livonian Brothers of the Sword or the Teutonic Order of Prussia?
How many years after the Teutonic knights returned the Duchy of Estonia to Valdemar II did the lands get sold back to the order and became part of the Ordenstaat?
What happened first, the Battle of Saule or the St. George's Night Uprising?
Who did the Vikings lose to in Week 5?
How long was the game's kickoff returned for?
How many points did the Dallas Cowboys win in the Divisional Playoff against the Vikings?
How many points did the Cowboys get in the fourth quarter?
how many yards did romo complete?
how many yards did williams pass?
how many yards did romo throw?
How many td receptions under 20 yards did Roy Williams have?
Which player scored the first points of the second half?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which player scored first for the Vikings?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who caught Jake Delhomme's first career interception?
What was the Bengals record after the game?
Who threw the longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the second longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the third longest TD pass of the game?
Who caught the fourth longest TD pass of the game?
How many field goals did Graham kick in the third quarter?
How many passing touchdowns were less than 10 yards long?
How many offensive touchdowns measured between 15 and 25 yards long?
How many passes did Hogan receive?
How many catches did Brown receive?
How many passes did James White receive?
Who thre the longest pass?
How many passes did Gronkowski receive?
How many points is the former after the 3 yard touchdown from Blount?
How many points is the latter after the 3 yard touchdown from Blount?
How many points was the latter after the 14 yard touchdown from Darrius?
What was the winning score?
What was the losing score?
How many wins do the Patriots have after that win?
How many losses do the Patriots have after that win?
How many wins does Brady have after that win?
How many losses does Brady have after that win?
How many turnovers occured during the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest Patriot drive of the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many times did the Patriots score on drives 75 yards or longer?
How many points did New England win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many field goals did Boswell miss?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Boswell make?
Which player had the most touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
From what distance did two players make touchdown receptions?
How long were the two longest touchdown receptions?
What distance was the longest field goal attempt?
How many total yards of field goals did Chris Boswell make?
Who did Tom Brady throw his second touchdown pass to?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw in the first half?
How long was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team did the Patriots beat the week before this game?
How many points did both teams score on their opening drives?
Which player scored the first points for the patriots?
Which players caught interceptions?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored the wining points of the game?
Which player missed a potentially game winning field goal?
Which team won the game?
Which team got the ball first in overtime?
How many punts occured in overtime?
How many sacks in 2015 by Navorro Bowmand and Ahmad Brooks?
What team was ahead after the second quarter?
Which kicker had at least 3 field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many inhabitants in 1630 were not Armenian?
How many Armenians left Cyprus by 1630?
What island was conquered by the Ottoman's with the help of Ottoman-Armenian craftsmen?
How were the Christians in Cyprus treated by the Ottomans?
During this time what were some alternate uses for churches?
Were the Armenians or Maronites persecuted by the Ottomans?
Were there more Armenians in Cyprus during the early Ottoman Era or 1630?
How many of the inhabitants were not Armenian?
How many more inhabitants were there in Cyprus than Armenians by the end of 1630?
Which team burned timeouts early in the 4th quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
How many pass attempts did Brett Favre have?
How many people were affected by typhoid?
How many dollars did they charge for eggs?
What illness was Jack London afflicted by?
What 3 diseases were most common in Dawson?
In addition to scurvy, what three illnesses were common in Dawson?
How many of the eight horses survived the 1897 winter in Dawson?
How many dollars did a can of butter and a egg cost in 1897-98 in Dawson?
How many more dollars did a egg cost compared to the cost of a apple in Dawson in 1898?
Which cost more in Dawson in the spring of 1898, eggs or apples?
How many more dollars did eggs cost than apples?
How many points did the Eagles lead by at the end of the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score against the Eagles?
How many points did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
How many points got the steelers have to get on the board?
How many losses did the steelers have before this game?
How many games has Roethlisberger won in Philadelphia?
How long was Jordan Matthews' touchdown pass?
How long was Sturgis' field goal at the end of the first half?
Who won the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Eagles lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Caleb Sturgis or Chris Boswell?
How many more field goals did Caleb Strugis make over Chris Boswell?
Which field goals did Caleb Sturgis make?
How many yards longer was Caleb Sturgis's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored at least two field goals?
How many goals did Milan score in the 1991-92 season in addition to the number of goals Baresi helped Milan concede, all together?
How many goals were given up by Milan in the 1993-94 seaon?
What season did Milan score 74 goals?
How many goals were scored against Milan during the 1993-1994 season?
How many goals did Baresi score during the 1991-1992 season?
In total, how many Series A titles did Baresi win?
How many years passed between the start of the War of the Austrian Succession and France's entry into the war?
What happened first: France entered the war or Pepperrell was knighted?
What happened second: France entered the war or Pepperrell was knighted?
What happened first: drew Britain and Spain's attention or the Treaty of Aix-La-Chapelle?
What happened second: drew Britain and Spain's attention or the Treaty of Aix-La-Chapelle?
How many years after the War of the Austrian Succession had broken out in Europe did it take for France to enter the war?
What did the Treaty of Aix-La-Chapelle effect?
How many years after William Pepperrell's expedition against Louisbourg was it returned to the French?
How many years after William Pepperrell took the French fortress of Louisbourg in 1745 did Britain have to return Louisbourg back to the French by the Treaty of Aix-La-Chapelle?
Which happened first, William Pepperrell capturing Louisbourg or Lord Jeffrey Amherst and General Wolfe capturing Louisbourg?
How many years did France wait before joining the war?
What war followed the War of Austrian Succession?
In what country did France hold colonies that were attacked in 1745?
What is mandate ?
In 1997 what occurred?
How many subjects did Laestadius study on the islands?
What honor did Laestadius become the first to recieve?
What kind of articles did  Laestadius write?
Why was Laestadius' manuscript not published until 1997?
How many years was the expedition?
How many years did the La Recherche Expedition to Samiland last?
How many years after the expedition was Laestadius awarded the Medal of Honor of the Legion of Honor of France?
How many years did the expedition last?
When was Fragments of Lappish Mythology published?
How many years did the La Recherche Expedition to Samiland last?
What did Laestadius subject of study?
How many years did the La Recherche Expedition to Samiland last?
The Church of Sweden was causing what culture's beliefs to die off?
The French Admiralty invited Laestadius because of his knowledge of what?
How many locations was Laestadius the field guide for?
How many years after Laestadius was awarded the Medal of Honor of the Legion of Honor of France was his manuscript published?
Who wanted Laestadius to write his manuscript?
Who died first John of Ibelin or Isabella II?
How many years after the death of Isabella II did John of Ibelin die?
How many years after leaving Cyprus did Frederick wait to try to reassert his authority in Jerusalem?
Where did Frederick fgo last, Cyprus or Jerusalem?
How many years after leaving Jerusalem did Frederik send Filangieri as his marshall?
How many years after Frederick left Jerusalem did Philip of Monfort assume the leadership of the opposition?
Who claimed suzerainty over Cyprus?
Who did Frederick send as his marshal?
How many factions were there?
Who had the headquarters  in Tyre and had the allegiance of Bohemond V, Prince of Antioch and Count of Tripoli?
How many years after Isabella II died did Frederick leave Jerusalem after he produced an anti-imperialist reaction in the people?
How many years after Frederick leave Jerusalem did he send Riccardo Filangieri as his marshal?
Who was Balian's father?
How many years after Riccardo Filangieri arrived in Jerusalem did the person who opposed his authority, John of Ibelin, die?
How many years after the citizens of Acre formed a commune to unify their opposition to Filangieri was John of Ibelin elected its mayor?
How many years after John of Ibelin was elected mayor did he die?
How many years did Frederick stay in Jerusalem after his wifes death?
How many years after his wife died did Frederick stay in Jerusalem?
Where did Frederick go last, Cyprus or Jerusalem?
How many years after leaving Jerusalem did Frederick send Riccardo Filangieri as his marshal?
Who was the opposition leader first, John of Ibelin or Philip of Monfort?
Who was Balian's father?
How many groups of Knights supported Philip of Montfort?
Which city did not support Filangieri, Pisa or Genoa?
How many cities did the Ibelins control?
How many years after the citizens of Acre formed a commune did the elect John of Ibelin as their mayor?
How many years did John die after being elected mayor?
Which team had an early fumble?
How many passes were intercepted in total?
Who won the game, the Lions or the Vikings?
How many times did the Lions defense score?
How many points did the Cardinals score in the first half?
How many yards did the biggest play of the game go for?
How many passes did Kurt Warner throw?
How many passes did Kurt Warner complete?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which kicker had a field goal of at least 29 yards?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
Which kicker had the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown passes over 20 yards were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Texans win by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many field goals of over 40 yards were made?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many field goals did Graham Gano score in the first quarter?
Which players scored field goals longer than 40 yards?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
Who raided Lodoga first, Eiríkr Hákonarson or his brother Sveinn?
Why did Novgorod secede from the Kievan Rus?
What happened first: Eiríkr Hákonarson raided Ladoga or Sveinn Hákonarson did?
What happened second: Eiríkr Hákonarson raided Ladoga or Sveinn Hákonarson did?
Who raided Ladoga second, Eiríkr Hákonarson or Sveinn Hákonarson?
How many years after Eiríkr Hákonarson raided Ladoga did his brother Sveinn Hákonarson follow suit?
Which happened first, Ladoga became a jarldom in the orbit of Kievan Rus or the marriage of Yaroslav I to Ingegerd of Sweden?
Which brother raided Ladoga first, Sveinn Hákonarson or Eiríkr Hákonarson?
How many years after Eiríkr Hákonarson raided Ladoga did his brother Sveinn Hákonarson follow suit?
How many years after Ladoga was invaded by Sveinn Hákonarson did Ladoga become a jarldom in the orbit of Kievan Rus?
What is Buffalo's record?
Which event happened first, the country was named Republic of Mountainous Armenia or the country was named Republic of Armenia?
On what date did the ARF stop controlling Yerevan?
How many self-governing regions were announced as independant?
How many months after the 2nd Pan-Zangezurian congress announced the independence of the self-governing regions of Daralakyaz , Zangezur, and Mountainous Artsakh was The Republic of Mountainous Armenia renamed?
Who had more troops?
How many months passed between the ARF anti-Soviet rebellion and the renaming of the Republic of Armenia?
What was renamed
Who did the Red Army defeat
Around how many months spanned these events?
What event happened first, the ARF leading an anti-soviet rebellion, or the Congress renaming Daralakyaz, Zangezur, and Mountainous Artsakh the Republic of Armenia
Which happened earlier, the Red Army defeating the ARF or the renaming of the Republic of Mountainous Armenia?
What was the previous name of the Republic of Armenia?
How many days were the self-governing regions named the Republic of Mountainous Armenia before the name was changed?
How many games did the Cowboys win out of their final four?
How many points did the Cowboys lose to the Bears by in last years road game?
How many total wins did the Cowboys have over the last two seasons?
How many points did Chicago win the last game they at home against Dallas?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many 26 yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards was Matt Bryant's shortest field goal?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many touchdowns were scored by both teams in the game?
How many field goals under 30-yards were scored?
Which player had the only touchdown reception?
How many yards in difference was there between the longest field goal and the shortest?
How many total yards did Bryant have?
Which players scored from 26 yards?
How many more field goals were scored during the first half compared to the second half?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant score in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Bryant or Ryan Longwell?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards shorter was Ryan Longwell's second field goal compared to his first?
Who scored the last points of the game?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first points of the second half?
who won the game?
what was the last point scored?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which team had the least field goals in the first quarter?
Which team scored the least points in the fourth quarter?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Graham Gano kick?
Which player scored more field goals, Graham Gano or Dan Bailey?
How many total field goal yards did Graham Gano kick?
How many field goals between 30 and 50 were made?
Which players scored at least three field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the second quarter?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Graham Gano's second field goal compared to his first?
Which touchdown runs did Graham Gano make?
How many yards difference is there between Graham Gano's longest field goal and Dan Bailey's shortest?
Which field goals over 30 yards did Dan Bailey score?
Which team lost to the Redskins in week 2?
How many yards were the two longest field goals?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
Which player had the last score of the third quarter?
How many yards were Baileys two second quarter field goals?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 25-yards?
What were the two longest field goals made?
From what yard line did both teams kick a field goal from?
What were the two shortest field goals of the game?
How many field goals did both teams kick in the first half?
Who threw the only touchdown of the game?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't white?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't African American?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't Native American?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't Asian?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't Pacific Islander?
How many in percent in the county from the 2000 census weren't from two or more races?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: households or families?
What race made up the second largest percentage of the county?
What race made up the fourth largest percentage of the county?
Did fewer people have Irish or German ancestry?
Did more people have Irish or Italian ancestry?
Did more people speak English or Spanish as their first language?
Did more people have German or United States ancestry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, did not speak English as their first language?
How many people, in terms of percentage, did not speak Spanish as their first language?
Were there higher numbers of White or Asian people in the county?
Were there higher numbers of Pacific Islander or Asian people in the county?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, did not speak either English or Spanish as their first language?
How many more percentage points of the population do white people make up than black people?
How many more percentage points of the population is made up of African Americans than Asians?
How many more percentage points of the population do Irish people make up than English people?
How many more percentage points of the population do Germans people make up than Italian people?
How many more percentage points of the population speak English than Spanish as their first language?
Which racial groups are smaller than 1.5%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 12%?
How many in percent from the census weren't White?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
Which races made up more of the population than Pacific Islander?
How many races each made up more than 1% of the population?
Which ancestry groups each made up less than 14% of the population?
Which ancestry groups each made up the exact same amount of the population?
How many more Whites were there than African Americans, in percentage?
How many more people spoke English than Spanish, in percentage?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
Which racial groups are smaller than 1%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 12%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't United States ancestry?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or two or more races?
How many points were scored total?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
how was the first quarter?
how many points did the redskins win by?
who scored first
How many yards separated the shortest field goal and the shortest touchdown?
How many more wins than ties did the Eagles have after this game?
Which players scored in the second half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Akers kick in the second half?
How many touchdowns did Holt have?
How many receptions did holt have?
How many field goals did Wilkins have?
How many touchdowns did Smith have?
How many field goals did Kasay have?
How many touchdowns did Carter have?
How many scoring plays did St. Louis have in the first half?
How many touchdown receptions did Drew Carter have?
How many yards did Drew Carter have on touchdown receptions?
Which happened later, the Battle of Gadebusch or the Siege of Tönning?
What were the dates for when Charles XII was in Stralsund?
What position did Peter the Great hold when he signed the alliance with George I?
Where did Peter the Great and George I sign the alliance?
How many years passed from when Swedish army in Poland retreated to Swedish Pomerania to when Wismar surrendered ?
Which happened first, the retreat of the Swedish army from Poland, or the siege of Stralsund?
Which happened first, the attempted siege of Stralsund, or the Battle of Gadebusch?
How many years passed between the Battle of Gadebusch and the Charles XII returning from the Ottoman Empire?
How many years after the alliance between Britain abd Russia was signed did the coalition declare war on Sweden?
How many years after Charles XII returned to Stralsund did Stralsund fall?
When did Sralsund fall?
How many years after the siege was laid to Stralsund, did Charles XII return from the Ottoman Empire and arrived in Stralsund?
How many years did the 6000-mark war last?
How many years passed from the battle against Valdemar Birgersson to the beginning of the 6000-mark war?
How many years was the 6000-mark war?
What was Magnus Birgersson supposed to have been paid for?
How many countries fought in the 6000-mark war?
How many years did the 6000-mark war last?
How many years did the 6000-mark war last?
How many months after Reid and Saajid Badat returned to Pakistan did they return separately to the United Kingdom?
How many days passed between Reid's arrival in Paris and his attempt to board a plane to Miami?
How many days after being refused boarding on the plane to Miami was Reid able to actually board a flight from Paris to Miami?
Which happened first, Reid's trip to Belgium or Paris?
Which happened first, Reid's screening by the French National Police or his return to Paris?
Where was Reid trying to travel to by plane?
Where was Reid traveling from by plane?
Which city did Reid and Saajid Badat return to first, Pakistan or United Kingdom?
How many months after returning to Pakistan did Reid and Saajid Badat return to the United Kingdom?
When did Reid arrive to Belgium?
How many times did Reid go to the airport to board a plane from Paris to Miami?
What material were the shoe explosives made out of?
How many days was Reid's trip to Miami delayed?
How many more points did the Redskins win by against the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVI?
How many games did Richie Petitbon allow opponents to score points in during the 1991 NFL season?
How many more wins than loses did the Redskins have in the 1991-1992 NFL season?
How many teams in NFL history had fewer sacks allowed than the 1991 Redskins?
How many teams scored more total points than the Redskins in the 1991 season?
How many NFL teams gave up fewer total points in the 1991 season than the Redskins?
How many more combined points did the Redskins have than the Falcons and Lions in the 1991-92 NFL playoffs?
How many points did the Redskins win Super Bowl XXVI by?
Which team won Super Box XXVI, the Redskins or the Bills?
Which two teams played in Super Bowl XXVI?
How many more points were scored by the Redskins than the Buffalo Bills in the Super Bowl XXVI?
How many games resulted in at least a single point against the Redskins in 1991?
How many more points did the Redskins score compared to how many they allowed?
How many times did Redskins opponents not score at all during a game during the 1991 season?
How many points did the Redskins win the Super Bowl by?
How many total points did the Redskins score during the playoffs?
Which team scored the most points in the 1991 NFL season?
In how many of 1991's games did the Redskins' opponent not score a single point?
How many games did the Redskins lose in the 1991-1992 season?
How many loses in a row did this make for the Cards?
Which quarter did both teams score a field goal?
Who scored more during the first half?
How many yards was Racker's longest field goal attempt?
How many times did the Chiefs score in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Lawrence Tynes or Neil Rackers?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made in the game?
What all field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many total yards did Neil Rackers kick for field goals?
What all field goals did Neil Rackers attempt in the second half?
Who all caught touchdown passes from Damon Huard?
How many catches did Sinorice Moss have?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many TD's did Antonio Gates get?
Which team had the most third-down conversions Chargers or Seahawks?
How many touchdowns did Gates catch?
How many more points did the Chargers get over the Seahawks?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many passes did Philip Rivers complete?
How many points did Antonio Gates score?
How many years did it take to complete the first phase of restoration on the bridge?
How many years old is the bridge?
How many years was the restoration project slow for?
How many years was it between when the renewed restoration effort began, and when the first phase was complete?
How many years was it from when the restoration project began and when the first phase was completed?
How many years passed between the erection of the bridge and the restoration project?
What would have to be eliminated before the bridge could be listed as a World Heritage Site?
How many years had the bridge existed before the restoration began?
What happened for the bridge to reopen to the public?
How many years after being built was it before the bridge restoration began?
How many years after the restoration began was it completed?
Who caught the longest offensive touchdown of the game?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many points total were scored?
Which team scored first?
How many points did the Saints get to get on the board?
How many points did the Saints score in the first half?
How many points behind were the Giants at half time?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score?
how many yards did manning pass?
how many yards did carney get?
how many points did the saints improve by?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many combined yardage did Suisham have in field goals during the game?
Who lost the game?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many scoring plays were there in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who did Tokhtamysh betray after an alliance with him?
Who led the White Horde before Tokhtamysh gained power?
How many years is the longest that anarchy in the Horde could have lasted?
How many places did Toktamysh have territorial ambitions in?
How many years at most could Timur have been helping Tokhatamysh while the Golden Horde was also in a period of anarchy?
How many years did the campaign against the Russian principalities last?
During what years did Tokhtamysh rise to power in the White Horde with the Golden Horde being in anarchy?
In how many places did Tokhtamysh have ambitions?
How many decades spanned when Timur helped Tokhtamysh assume supreme power in the White Horde against Tokhtamysh's uncle Urus Khan?
How many hordes formed the Golden horde?
which people did the Golden horde attack?
How many years did the war between the Russians and Golden Horde last?
who did the Golden Horde defeat to restor Turco-Mongols power?
How many decades did the Golden Hordes anarchy last?
How many relatives was Tokhtamysh going up against?
How many groups did Timur team up with?
How many years did the campaign against the Russian principalities go on for?
How many years was it between when TEN-10's broadcast facilities have been in the inner suburb of Pyrmont and when TEN-10 opened?
How many years was it between when TEN-10 opened and when Global Television was demolished?
How many years was it between when TEN-10's broadcast facilities have been in the inner suburb of Pyrmont and the move from North Ryde?
How many years was it between when TEN-10 opened and the move from North Ryde?
How many years was it between when Global Television was demolished and the move from Norrth Ryde?
How many years have TEN-10's broadcast facilities been in the inner city suburb of Pyrmont?
Which happened first, the opening of TEN-10 or the demolition of the North Ryde complex?
How many years ago was the North Ryde complex demolished?
How many years did these events span for?
How many more full-time workers were there than part-time workers, percentage wise?
Which industry is the second largest by employment?
Which two industries made up less than 8% of employment?
Where there more full time workers or part time workers?
Where there less part time workers or unemployed individuals?
Which industry is larger, Health Care or Retail trade?
Which industry is smaller, Education or Accomodation and Food Services?
Where there less full time workers or part time workers?
Where there more unemployed individuals or part-time workers?
How many percent more full time workers were there than part time workers?
Which industry was larter, Retail Trade or Construction?
Which industry was smaller, Construction or Health Care and Social Assistance?
How many percent of workers in Sydney held jobs other than in professional services and financial and insurance services?
How many percent of people in the Greater Sydney Region do not participate in the labour force?
Which industry employs more people across Greater Sydney, retail trade or construction?
Which industry employs more people across Greater Sydney, professional services or health care and social assistance?
Which industry employs more residents across Greater Sydney, retail trade or construction?
Which industry employs more residents across Greater Sydney, Accomodation and Food Services or Education and Training?
How many percent of the particpating labor force of the Greater Sydney Region are employeed either full-time or part-time?
Which industry employs more people, Finanal and Insurance Services or Construction?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Health Care and Social Assistance?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Professional Services?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Retail Trade?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Construction?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Education and Training?
How many in percent of industries across Greater Sydney weren't Accommodation and Food Services?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is larger: Health Care and Social Assistance or Professional Services?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is smaller: Health Care and Social Assistance or Professional Services?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is larger: Professional Services or Retail Trade?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is smaller: Professional Services or Retail Trade?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is larger: Retail Trade or Construction?
Which industry across Greater Sydney is smaller: Retail Trade or Construction?
How many more full time workers are there than part-time workers of the labor force?
Which labor force had more workers, unemployed individuals or full time workers?
How many retail trade service workers are there than Financial and Insurance Services?
Which services had the most employment in Sydney, Health Care and Social Assistance or professional services?
How many more Accommodation and Food Services employees are there than Financial and Insurance Services?
How many more part-time workers are there than unemployed individuals?
Which are the largest industries by employment, Professional Services or Education or Training?
Which largest industries had the least employment, Health Care or Food Services?
How many more percent are employed at Health Care than Food Services?
Which industry is the third most prevalent in Sydney?
By how many percent is the largest industry ahead of the second place industry?
Which industries make up the most prevalent 20% of jobs?
Would there be more teachers or nurses in the Greater Sydney Region?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were employed in the Health Care and Social Assistance and Professional Services industries compared to the Retail Trade industry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were employed in the Health Care and Social Assistance, Professional Services, and Retail Trade industries?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were employed in the Construction and Education and Training industries compared to the Retail Trade industry?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were employed in the Construction and Education and Training industries compared to the Financial and Insurance Services industry?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were employed in the Construction, Education and Training, and Retail Trade industries?
Which industries employed between 8.1 and 10% of the work force?
Which industries employed between 6.5 and 8.0%, inclusively, of the work force?
How many different countries in Europe were the top markets for Chevrolet by the number of registrations?
What was the second best selling Chevrolet model in 2012?
How many Chevrolet Aveo's in addition to Chevrolet Cruze's were sold in 2012 in total?
By how many units did Russia's sales increase by from 2005 to 2012?
How many years did it take from 2005 for the sales in Western and central Europe to reach its peak of 216,160?
Which region had more units sold in 2005, Western and Central Europe or Russia?
Which countries sold over 20000 units in 2012?
How many countries did not sell over 16000 units in 2012?
How many units total were sold in Italy and Germany and Spain, in 2012?
Which car models sold over 45000 units in 2012?
How many more Chevrolet Aveo than Chevrolet Cruze were sold in 2012?
Which countries sold less than 30000 units in 2012?
Which year saw less units per year sold, 2005 or 2007?
How many more units per year were sold in Russia in 2012 than in 2005?
Which countries in Europe, in 2012, sold more than 15000 units per year but less than 25000?
How many more units per year were sold in Italy than in Spain?
Which models sold more than 40,000 units per year but less than 50,000?
Did sales increase or decrease from 2005 to 2007?
How many units per year did sales increase from 2005 to 2007?
Did Russia or Western/Central Europe show the greatest unit increase from 2005 to 2007?
Which two European countries had the most registrations?
How many more Aveos were sold than Sparks?
Who scored a 30-yard touchdown pass?
Who scored an 80 yard touchdown?
What team do the players of the week winners play for?
In which quarter did the Bears make history?
How many points total were scored in the game?
Who scored more points, Bears or Titans?
Which player had the longest touchdown rush of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Chicago score in the first quarter?
How many points were the Bears leading by after one quarter?
Which players fumbled?
How many different ways did the Bears score in the first quarter?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bears win by?
Which team scored the least points in the first quarter?
Which team recovered the most turnovers?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team scored a safety?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Which team scored a safety?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score?
Which player scored a safety?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team scored a safety?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed kick?
How many 22-yard field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was Jeff Reed's longest field goal?
How many yards was Jeff Reed's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many years passed to finally confirm the 1651 arrangements?
How many months into the year did  Brandenburg expedite 2,700 troops
What year did the holy roman empire find itself on the brink of war?
What year were there less parishes in the Catholic hands before 1624?
What year did the Holy Roman Empire find itself on the brink of war when Wolfgang Wilhelm claimed that the normative year imposed by the treaty took precedence over the Treaty of Xanten in regard to church properties
How many years after the Peace of Westphalia settle the Thirty Years' War did Brandenburg troops invade Berg?
What year did Wolfgang Wilhelm claim that the normative year imposed by the treaty took precedence over the Treaty of Xanten in regards to church properties?
In which year were there less parishes in Catholic hands, 1614 or in 1624?
How many more troops did Brandenburg mobilize across its various territories then the number of troops it initially invaded Berg with?
Which quarterback scored more points during the first quarter?
Which team scored more points?
How many points did the Vikings win by?
How many field goals were scored in the entire game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years had it been since the last Tuesday game when this game was played?
How many yards were all the touchdowns in the game combined?
How many more touchdowns did the Vikings score than the Eagles?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored on touchdowns of less than 5 yards?
In which half were more touchdowns scored, the first half or second half?
How many percentages higher was the number of Hindus in the Jammu division than the Kashmir Valley?
Was the Hindu population higher in the Kashmir Valley or in the frontier wazarats of Ladhakh and Gilgit?
Which population was higher in the Kashmir Valley, Muslim or Hindu?
How many more Muslims lived in the Kashmir Valley than Hindus?
Of the Hindus that lived in Jammu province, were fewer Brahmin or Rajputs?
In Jammu province, were more Hindus Rajputs or Khatri?
Were fewer Hindus in Jammu province Thakkars or Khatri?
Which was the caste of Hindus with the smallest population in Jammu province?
How many more Brahmin Hindus were there than Khatri Hindus?
How many more Thakkars Hindus lived in Jammu province than Khatri Hindus?
Which location were there more Hindus representing the population, the Kashmir Valley or the frontier wazarats of Ladhakh and Gilgit?
Which castes recorded in the census of Jammu province recorded a population less than 100,000?
How many more Muslims were there recorded on the Census of 1901 compared to Hindus living in the Kashmir Valley?
How many more out of every 10,000 people did Hindus represent of the population in the Kashmir Valley than in the frontier wazarats?
How many people in the population were not Muslim in 1901?
How many fewer members of the Khatri caste was there than the Brahmin caste?
How many fewer members of the Khatri caste were there than the Rajputs?
Which religion has the highest population: Muslim or Hindu?
Which religion has the lowest population Brahmin or Khatri?
How many Rajputs in the population than Khatri?
Who has a larger population than the Thakkars?
Which castes had the highest amount in the Hindu population: Brahmin or Rajputs?
Which region were there more Hindus: Kasmir Valley or Ladhakh and Gilgit?
Which region were there less Hindus: Kasmir Valley or Ladhakh and Gilgit?
How many years did the Pule Revolt last?
What nationality were secular priests?
Where did the end of the Pule Revolt happen?
Where was Hermano Pule killed?
How many months did the Pule Revolt last?
When was Hermano Pule killed?
How many cities had thousands of people join the new religious order?
Over how many months did the Religious Revolt of Hermano Pule occur?
How many months after the last battle near Mount Banahaw was Apolinario de la Cruz executed?
How many fewer inflation-adjusted dollars was the median household income in 2013 than in 2008?
How many more dollars was the median household income in Society Hill and the district with the lowest median household income in 2013?
How many more dollars was Society Hill's median household income in 2013 over the national average?
Which year was the median household income higher, 2013 or 2008?
How many dollars difference is the 2013 median household income for the residents in Society Hill compared to the lowest median household income in one of North Philadelphia's districts?
Who scored the most points?
How many passes did Jerricho Cotchery receive?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which had a lower median income, household or family?
How many more dollars was the median income for a family than the median income for a household?
In 2007, which median income was lowest, household or family?
How many more dollars was the median income for a household in 2007 than previously recorded?
Which gender had a lower median income, males or females?
How many dollars was the difference between the male and female median income?
Which had a lower amount of poverty, families or population?
By how many dollars did the median income for a household risen to by 2007?
By how many dollars did the median income for a family rise by 2007?
How many more dollars was the median income for males than for females?
How many percent of families were above the poverty line?
How many percent of the population was above the poverty line?
How many dollars more was the median household income by 2007?
Which figure grew more by 2007, median household income or median family income?
How many more dollars did a male make compared to a female?
How many more yards was Dawson's second field goal over his first one?
How many times did the Bills score in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which team went scoreless?
Which team allowed the most points in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the second quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the third quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored the least points in the first half?
Which team scored the fewest points in the second half?
How many years did the War of the Limburg Succession last?
How many years did the conflict between Adolf VIII and the Duke of Brabant last?
How many children did Waleran IV have?
How many grandchildren did Waleran IV have?
How many years span these events?
How many years spanned the series of conflicts?
What happened first the series of conflicts for the succession in the Duchy of Limburg, or The City of Cologne gaining its independence?
What happened first, the Battle of Wirringen, or The City of Cologne gaining its independence?
How many years did the smaller confrontations occur for that were not decisive?
How many years did the War of the Limburg Succession conflicts last?
How many years did the conflicts and confrontations overlap?
How many people did Duke of Brabant forge an alliance with?
How many years after the death of Waleran IV, Duke of Limburg did his daughter Ermengarde of Limburg die?
How many years after the Battle of Worringen did the City of Cologne gain its independence?
Who all claimed the Duchy of Limburg?
Besides Siegfried II of Westerburg, Henry VI,, and his brother Waleran I who else forged an alliance with Reginald I?
How many years did the War of Limburg Succession last?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which team did not score in the second half of the game?
How many more field goals were kicked in the second half than in the first half?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards were each of the touchdowns in the game?
How many yards was the scoring drive that ended in a 2-yard Jamaal Charles touchdown?
Who replaced Tom Brady?
How many points did The Chiefs win by?
Which played scored the most touchdowns?
Who scored the first TD for New England?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
How many more passes did Smith complete than Brady?
How many yards difference exists between Cairo Santos's longest and shortest field goal? ?
How long were each of Jamaal Charles's first two touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Santos' second field goal than his first?
How many yards were all Santos' field goals combined?
How many incomplete passes did Smith throw?
How many more touchdowns did Charles score than LaFell?
How many passes did Brady and Garoppolo complete combined?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the second touchdown than the first?
How many more passes did Smith throw than Brady?
Which team was leading at halftime?
Which player intercepted Prescott for a touchdown?
Who made history reaching 100 career TDs by doing it in 89 games?
How many less games did it take Tomlinson to reach 100 career TDS than Emmit Smith?
How many turnovers did Rivers have?
How many running touchdows were there in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have?
How many yards was LaDainian Tomlinson's longest touchdown?
How many times did LaDainian Tomlinson rush for a touchdown for the same amount of yards?
How many yards was Jason Elam's longest field goal?
How many touchdowns per game did LaDainian Tomlinson average over his first 89 games?
How many total in completions did Philip Rivers throw for this game?
How many more touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson score when measured against Philip Rivers?
How many yards per complete pass did Philip Rivers gain for this game?
How many years after the First Crusade was the Second Crusade?
What year was the County of Edessa founded?
In what country were both both of the European Kings armies defeated at?
How many years were there between the first and second crusades?
Which two armies were defeated by the Selijuk Turks?
How many Christian nationalities fought to capture Lisbon in 1147?
What was the first Crusader state to be founded?
The only significant Christian success of the Second Crusade was due too the combined force of how many nations?
What happened first, the fall of the County of Edessa, or the Second Crusade?
Which happened last, the defeat of the armies of Louis VII by the Seljuk Turks, or the armies crossing into Byzantine?
How many years passed between the First Crusade and the fall of the Vounty of Edessa?
How many areas did the combined forces of the Second Crusade come from?
How many touchdowns did the Eagles get?
how many touchdowns did vick throw for?
Who was the leading rusher in the game?
Who threw for a 74 yard touchdown?
Who threw for more yards in the game?
Who was the top running back in the game?
Who had three catches?
How many games had the Giants won against the Eagles before this game?
Who threw the most yards?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
Which of them had a positive upset?
Whose defense was disappointing?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson have?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Joshua Cribbs have?
Who caught a 26 yard touchdown from Brady Quinn?
What was the shortest TD pass
Who scored first
Who had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which team led at halftime?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team won?
How many yards was the last scoring play of the game?
How many different quarters did Adrian Peterson have a TD in?
Which quarters was there a field goal for 37 yards?
What players completed field goals in the game?
How many field goals were made that were longer than 25 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Phil Dawson make?
How many total yards of field goals did Ryan Longwell make?
How many in percent weren't Protestant?
How many in percent weren't Methodist?
How many in percent weren't Seventh-day Adventist?
How many in percent weren't Anglican?
How many in percent weren't Roman Catholic?
Which group in percent is bigger: Protestantism or Hinduism?
Which group in percent is smaller: Protestantism or Hinduism?
Which group in percent is larger: Methodism or Seventh-day Adventist?
Which group in percent is smaller: Methodism or Seventh-day Adventist?
Which group in percent is bigger: Roman Catholicism or Islam?
Which group in percent is smaller: Roman Catholicism or Islam?
Which religious groups had a population of 5% or more?
How many Protestantism denomination did not have more than 1% of people?
Which religious group had less people, Hinduism or other Christianity?
How many more people were part of Roman Catholicism than Islam, in percentage?
Which two religions had a 0.3% of people in them?
How many of Protestantism, in percent, weren't Methodism?
How many of Protestantism, in percent, weren't Assembly of God?
How many of Protestantism, in percent, weren't  Seventh-day Adventist?
How many more, in percent, were Protestantism than Hinduism?
How many more, in percent, were Assembly of God than Anglicanism?
How many more, in percent, were Protestantism than Islam?
How many more, in percent, were Roman Catholicism than Sikhism?
Who scored more points, the Lions or Packers?
How many points were the Packers down by at halftime?
Who kicked a field goal in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Packers win by?
Which team started the game with a 14 point lead?
How many points did Green Bay trail by at the half?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many yards did Rodgers rush for on his TD run?
How many total yards of touchdown runs were there?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were there?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals did Feely kick?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many points behind were the Chiefs before they scored?
Who is the Chiefs Kicker?
Who won this game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught two touchdown passes?
From what distances were multiple touchdowns scored?
Which players scored 3-yard touchdowns?
How many total yards did Thomas Jones have on touchdown runs?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
How many losses did the Vikings have before the game?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Longwell kick?
What happened last, a John Kasay 43-yard field goal or a 28-yard field goal from Ryan Longwell?
How many more yards was John Kasay's first field goal compared to Ryan Longwell's first field goal?
Which player's touchdown run was longer, Fred Taylor of Roscoe Parrish?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who scored the longest field goal?
Who scored on the longest touchdown play?
Who had a 24-yard rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the first half?
How many of Scobee's field goals were less than 25 yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who's touchdown run was longer, Fred Taylor's or Roscoe Parrishs?
How many in percent for the county weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent for the county weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent for the county weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent for the county weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent for the county weren't 65 years of age or older?
How many out of every 100 for each gender were more female than male?
How many that were 18 and over out of every 100 for each gender were more female than male?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many percent of the population was over the age of 18?
How many fewer males for every 100 females were there?
How many fewer males for ever 100 females that were aged 18 and over were there?
How every 100 females age 18 and over, how many fewer males were there>
For every 100 females, how many fewer males were there?
How many percent of the population was aged between 18 and 44?
How many percent of the population was aged 45 years old or older?
How many percent of the population was under the age of 65?
How many percent of the population was aged 24 years or younger?
Which age group was the largest?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were 25 years or older?
Which age group was the second largest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest age group compared to the second biggest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second smallest age group compared to the smallest?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were younger than 25?
Were more people between the ages of 18 to 44 or 45 years and older?
Which age groups made up over 25% of the population each?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many years old was the average person?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many more, in percentage, people were under the age of 18 than those that were 65 years of age or older
How many more, in percentage, people were under the age of 18 than those that were from 45 to 64?
How many more, in percentage, people were from 25 to 44 than those that were under the age of 18?
How many more, in percentage, people were from 25 to 44 than those that were from 45 to 64?
How many more, in percentage, people were from 25 to 44 than those that were were 65 years of age or older?
How many more males, at the median age, are there than age 18 and over for every 100 females?
What had a murderous flow?
What class of people joined Sture and his 400 troops to defend Stockholm?
How many troops did King Christian I have?
How many more Danish troops than German troops supported King Christian I?
How many troops did King Christian I have available?
How many people did Sture add to his initial 400 troops?
How many troops did King Christian have all together counting the 2,000 allied Germans?
How many more Danish Troops were than than Sture's?
How many months into 1471 did the Danish Ships with the 5,000 troops set out from Copenhagen harbor to land in southern Sweden
How many total Danish troops and allied Germans did King Christian have all together?
Did King Christian I have more Danish troops or more allied Germans?
How many years after Cameron travelled with Prince Charles to Madrid was Cameron hanged?
Was Cameron buried in Westminster or at the Edinburgh Castle?
Did John Cameron of Dochanassie compose "The Gleam in the North" or "A Song to Doctor Cameron?"
Who was betrayed by MacDonell of Glengarry?
Who was imprisoned in Edinburgh Castle then taken to Tower Hill in London?
Who had their remains were buried in the Savoy Chapel, Westminster?
How many years after returning to Scotland in 1749 was Cameron sent to assassinate George II?
How many years passed that Cameron traveled with Prince Charles to Madrid and returned to Scotland?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
Who's field goals were longer Josh Browns or Ryan Succops?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdown runs of 5 yards or less were there?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Brown's second field goal over his first one?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs have in the game?
How many yards of difference were there between Josh Brown's first two field goals?
How many touchdowns equaled 2 yards in length?
How many yards did all touchdown rushes combine for?
Which team just beat to the Chiefs in the week prior?
How many field goals did the Rams score in the first quarter?
Which team got on the scoreboard first?
Which player caught a pass to get the Chiefs on the board?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which players scored the first 2 yard TD?
Which player kicked the last field goal in the game?
How many field goals did Succop score later in the game?
Which player scored more total field goal yards?
How many more field goal yards did the player with the most score than the player with the second most?
How many players made at least two field goals during the game?
Which players made more than one field goal?
How many touchdowns were made on 2-yard plays?
Which players scored touchdowns on 2-yard plays?
Which player made a touchdown play that was longer than 2-yards?
Who is the quarterback for Tampa?
Which team scored more points?
How many points did Tampa win by?
How many total points were scored?
how many yards did the falcons get penalized?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Atlanta win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points were the bears leading by in the first half?
How many minutes was Know out of the game?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
Which team scored more points in the second half?
How many more points did the Bears score compared to the Seahawks in the first half?
Which player had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many FGs did Gano kick?
Which player scored first and also at the end?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards longer was Gano's first field goal more than his last?
How many yards was the overtime field goal?
How many wins did the redskins have coming into this game?
Who scored the field goal in the first quarter?
How many sacks were in the second quarter?
Who had rushing touchdowns for the Giants in the second half?
Which player scored a three yard touchdown?
How many sacks did the Giants have in the first half?
What quarter did the Bears score in?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many field goals did Cincinnati score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Steelers score in the third quarter?
How many field goals did the Steelers kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which half had the most field goals, the first or second?
How many yards longer was the second shortest touchdown than the shortest touchdown?
How many yards difference is there between the two longest touchdowns?
How many more points did the Steelers score than the Bengals in the first quarter?
How many points were the Bengals behind by haltime?
How many times did Chris Boswell kick a field goal that was for 40 yards or more?
Which quarters did the Bengals score 10 points?
Who is replacing Chad Penington at Quarterback for the Dolphins?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many wins did the Dolphins have after losing to the Chargers?
How many losses did the Dolphins have after losing to the Chargers?
How many attempted field goals were made?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding successfully convert?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter  successfully convert?
Who was named starting quarterback for the Dolphins after this game?
How many losses did the Dolphins enter the game with?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in the third quarter?
Who had the first TD run of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chargers win by?
How many wins did the Dolphins have after the game?
How many more field goals did Kaeding have than Carpenter?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown run?
How many more billions of dollars did Russia spend on arms in 2016 compared to 2015?
How many years in total did Russian exports of major weapons increase by 37 percent?
Which date had the higher percentage of sharing modern weapons in the armed forces, December 2014 or July 2015?
What year did Russia spend more on arms, 2015 or 2016?
How many billion dollars did Russian arms spending increase by from 2015 to 2016?
Did the share of modern weapons in the Armed Forces increase or decrease between 2014 and 2015?
How many more billions of dollars did Russia spend on arms in 2016 than in 2015?
What were the top three countries in terms of arms spending in 2016?
Who scored the longest field goal in the first half?
Who scored the longest field goal in the second half?
How many yards difference is there between Gostkowski's longest and shortest field goals?
Who scored the most field goals?
How many of Feely's field goals were successful?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
What all field goals did Gostkowski make in the first half?
What all field goals did Gostkowski make in the second half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's first field goal of the first half compared to his first field goal of the second half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's first field goal of the first half compared to his second field goal of the second half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's second field goal of the first half compared to his first field goal of the second half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's second field goal of the first half compared to his second field goal of the second half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's first field goal of the first half compared to his second field goal of the first half?
How many yards difference was Gostkowski's first field goal of the second half compared to his second field goal of the second half?
How many points did the Jets score in the first half?
When did Philippe de Chabot capture Turin?
Who secured the French alliance with the Ottoman Empire?
Which happened later, the Truce of Nice or the capture of Turin?
Which was captured first, Turin or Aix?
How many months was it between when Philippe de Chabot led his army into Piedmont and when he failed to seize Milan?
How many years was it from when The French and Ottomans arrieved in Genoa and when Barbarossa raided the Italian coast?
Which happened first, the capture of Turin, or the French army arriving in Piedmont?
How many months afer Turin was captured was Aix taken?
How many years after Barbarossaraided the Italian coast was the Truce of Nice enacted?
How many years were between the capture of Turin and the Truce of Nice?
How many months were between the invasion of Piedmont and the taking of Aix?
What city was invaded by an enemy first, Provence or Genoa?
How many years did the war last?
What city did Philippe de Chabot capture second?
Which month and did Philippe de Chabot capture Turin?
Which happened first, Philippe de Chabot captured Turin or Charles invaded Provence?
How many months after Philippe de Chabot captured Turin did Charles take Aix?
How many years after Charles invaded Provence and took Aix did Francis I and Charles V make peace with the Truce of Nice?
How many months passed between Philippe's march into Piedmont, and the Truce of Nice?
How many troops did Pasha lose in December 1914?
How many troops did Pasha lose in the frontal attack against mountainous Russian positions?
How many troops were lost by Pasha in the battle of Sarikamish?
How many of his forces in percent at the Battle of Sarikamish remained alive?
How many of his men were lost against the Russians in the Caucasus?
How many separate years was the Suez Canal defended from Ottoman attacks
How many major battles took place?
What are the names of the four major battles?
Who lost 86% of his force  at the Battle of Sarikamish?
How many years did the Ottomans attack the Suez Canal?
Which happened first, the Battle of Romani or the advance of a force across the Sinai Oeninsula?
How many months passed between the Battle of Magdhaba and the Battle of Rafa?
How many years was the Suez Canal defended from Ottoman attacks?
Which happened first, the Battle of Magdhaba or the Battle of Rafa?
Who did Enver Pasha fight in the Battle of Sarikamish?
Which happened first, the Battle of Magdhaba or the Battle of Rafa?
Which happened later, the Battle of Magdhaba or the Battle of Rafa?
Who engaged the Ottomans in the Battle of Magdhaba?
How many months after the Battle of Magdhaba did the Battle of Rafa take place?
Which happened first, Enver Pasha's offensive against the Russians or the Battle of Rafa?
Which came first, the Battle of Magdhaba or the Battle of Rafa?
How many Ottoman troops survived the Battle of Sarikamish?
Which forces lost a huge amount at the Battle of Sarikamish, Russians or Ottoman armed forces?
How many years was the Suez canal defended from Ottoman attacks?
How many forces were defeated by the ANZAC Mounted Division and the 52nd Infantry Division?
Which battle took place first, the Battle of Rafa or the Battle of Magdhaba?
Which two battles took place in 1916?
How many percent of Enver Pasha's force did he not lose at the Battle of Sarikamish?
How many points were the 49ers ahead by?
How many times this season had the 49ers defense a goal line stand late in a game?
How many times was Manning sacked?
How did the 49ers secure the win in the 4th quarter?
How many passes did Kaepernick miss?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers pass for?
How many games have the 49ers played this season?
Who was the 49ers leading rusher?
How many interceptions did Eli Manning throw?
How many interceptions did Eli Manning throw?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the 49ers win the game by?
How many years did the Chinese Ming Dynasty rule over Vietnam?
How many years did the fourth Chinese domination last?
How many years did the Bắc thuộc periods last?
How many years did the conquest of the region last?
How many years did the conquest and Chinese domination overlap?
How many years did the fourth Chinese domination last in Vietnam?
How many years did it take for China to conquer Vietnam?
How many years did The fourth Chinese domination last?
How many years did the Chinese dominate Vietnam?
which nations did the Ming dynasty rule?
How many years spanned during the Chinese conquest of Vietnam?
What was it called when the Chinese Ming dynasty ruled over Vietnam?
Which Dynasty took over?
What year was the establishment of the Lê dynasty?
Who did the Rams play first, Tampa Bay or Minnesota?
What was the score during the weather delay?
Which team lost, the Rams or Tampa Bay?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored more in the 2nd quarter?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many interceptions did the teams combine for?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which player scored the final TD of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
how many yards did the Redskins begin with?
how many yards did Redskins drive?
how many yards did the Lions posses?
how many yards did Taylor return?
how many yards did Thrash punt?
how many yards did Kitna gain?
How many field goals did the Lions make in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jason Campbell make in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Redskins ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins score in the second quarter?
How many years was it before Austria joined Russia?
What year did the Russo-Turkish and Austro-Turkish wars first overlap?
How many war occurred in passage..?
What is know as historiography?
In what year did the Franco-Prussian War end?
How many years after the start of the war did Austria started working with Russia?
How many years were the Russo-Turkish War and the Austro-Turkish War occurring simultaneously?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did Austria fight during the war?
How many years did the Austro-Turkish War last?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
Which two countries did the Turks fight in the Austro-Turkish War?
Who had more boats, Ali Al Khalifa or Abu Dhabi?
What happened firts, the defeat of the Bahraini army, or Bahrain's attack on Qatar?
Who had more men, Ali Al Khalifa, or Ahmed al Khalifa?
Which happened first, the attack on Qatar, or the sacking of Bida and Wakra?
What was the year and month that Ali Al Khalifa with his force of 500 men attack Qatar?
What did a British record state?
How many men in total were joined together to attack Qatar?
How many years had poassed between the deterioration of the relationship between Qatar and Bahrain, and the emergence of the hostilities?
How many men did Ali Al Khalifa have under his command?
How many more men did Ali Al Khalifa have than Ahmed al Khalifa?
How many more men does Abu Dhabi have then Ahmed al Khalifa?
How many more individuals were killed in 1868 attack than ships destroyed?
How many points were the Packers ahead by at halftime?
How many points did the Seahawks lose by?
Which team scored more touchdowns, the Seahawks or the Packers?
How many wins did Seattle have after the game?
Which player had two rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many 38-yard field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
What are the two shortest touchdown runs made?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards difference is there between T.J. Duckett's longest touchdown run and shortest?
Which player scored the third longest touchdown run?
Which field goals did Olindo Mare make?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many total touchdown running yards did T.J. Duckett make?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare kick?
How many field goals between 25 and 40 yards were scored?
How many yards difference is there between the two longest field goals?
How many yards longer was Olindo Mare's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored the second most number of touchdown runs?
Which kicker kicked the least amount of field goals?
How many wins did the Seahawks have after the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What all field goals did Olindo Mare make?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare make that were less than 40 yards?
Which army retreated westward?
Which city was occupied on March 9?
How many days between the taking of Gagra and Poti?
How many different cities were taken by Soviet forces between March 1 and March 9?
How many days after the soviet forces joined by Abkhaz peasant militias took Gargra, did they then take New Athos?
Which came first, soviet forces joined by Abkhaz peasant militias occupying Zugdidi or occupying Poti?
How many towns did the Soviet forces joined by Abkhaz peasant militias occupy in the first 15 days of March?
Which city did the Kyaraz succeeded in taking first Gagra or New Athos?
What were all the cities that Kyaraz succeeded in taking after Sukhumi?
What area did the Red Army go to second, Likhi Range or Kataisi?
Who threw the longest TD pass in the forth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown?
Who had the first touchdown reception of the game?
Which player scored the last points in the game?
How many field goals did Neal Rackers kick?
How many rushing touchdowns over 20 yards long were scored?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdown passes under 15 yards were completed?
Which team lost to the Cowboys in the previous week?
How many touchdowns were there in the first quarter?
Which team allowed more points in the first quarter?
Which team lost the game?
In which quarter were the most points scored?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
How many more yards was Gradkowski's longest TD pass over his shortest one?
How many yards longer was Schaub's longest TD pass over his shortest one?
How many more yards was Gradkowski's longest TD pass over Schaub's longest one?
How many more TD passes were in the 4th quarter than in the 2nd quarter?
Who had the longest TD run?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run over the shortest one?
How many more TD runs were scored in the 1st quarter over the 3rd quarter?
Who had the shortest TD run?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest one?
How many yards was the longest running touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards was Wilson's first quarter interception for a TD?
How many points was the final score led by?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many yards long was Folk's field goal?
How many field goals did Folk get?
Who scored the most field goals?
Who scored the only field goal besides Nick Folk?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Bremen refusing to pledge allegiance to Charles X, or Carl Gustaf Wrangel departing from Swedish Pomerania?
How many years did these events span?
How many troops were in the Swedish army in 1666 than 1665?
What happened first, Peace of Westphalia or Bremen's refusal to pledge allegiance to Charles X and XI?
How many years after Bremen refused to pledge allegiance to Charles XI of Sweden Carl Gustaf Wrangel departed from Swedish Pomerania to command the Swedish army?
How many more troops did Sweden have in Bremen in early 1666 than in the end of the year 1665?
How many countries did the Swedish chancellor of Bremen-Verden try to build an alliance with?
How many months after the Swedish riksråd decided to wage war did Carl Gustaf depart from Swedish Pomerania?
How many more troops did the Swedish army have than the Duchy of Bremen?
How many months after the Swedish riksråd decided to wage war did Carl Gustaf Wrangel depart from Swedish Pomerania to command the Swedish army?
How many more Swedish troops were there in early 1666 compared to the end of the year of 1665?
Which team did the Bills play?
Who defeated the Chiefs?
which team scored the first points
How many yards was the first field goal?
How many points were scored in the second quarter?
who scored first in the third quarter
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Feely kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Feely kick in the first quarter?
How many yards of field goals did Feely kick in the second half?
How many yards of field goals did Lindell kick in the second half?
How many yards of field goals did Feely kick in the first half?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fifth longest field goal?
Which player returned the second longest interception of the game?
how many yards did feely get?
how many yards did edwards complete?
how many yards did feely regain the lead with?
how many yards did Elam return for the interception?
how many yards did feely make in the third?
how many yards did Lindell get?
how many yards did Jones get for the TD run?
how many career interceptions did Favre have?
how many yards did favre get for the td?
how many yards did the jets get from feely for the TD in the fourth?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers score in the game?
How many total field goals were there?
How many turnovers did the 49ers have?
Which team allowed the least points?
Which team had the most field goals?
How many touchdowns did Seattle score in the game?
Who made more field goals, Niners or Seattle?
How many yards total were the two field goals scored by Olindo Mare during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots score in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
How long was Olindo Mare's longest field goal?
Who threw an illegal forward pass?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings get in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Falcons get in the first half?
How many more touchdowns did the Vikings get than the Falcons in the first half?
How many field goals in the Falcons have?
How many passes did QB Joey Harrington not complete?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many interceptions did Atlanta have in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score in the first half?
How many field goals did Ryal Lonwell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings get in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored first?
How many turnovers were returned for touchdowns?
How many of Harrington's passes were incomplete?
How many yards were gained in total on the first touchdown score and the first field goal?
How many yards of differential were there between the first touchdown scored and the first field goal?
How many yards combined did the first two field goals equal?
How many yards longer wa the first field goal scored relative to the second?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards were accumulated on the two longest scoring touchdowns of the game?
How many yards were accumulated on both defensive touchdowns?
Which player had the second longest defensive touchdown?
How many incomplete passses did Joey Harrington throw in his Falcons debut?
How many yards per completion did Joey Harrington average in this game?
How many yards were accumulated on the shortest touchdown and the shortest field goal?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How long was the longest pass Boss caught in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Boss get?
How many touchdowns did Hedgecock get?
How many touchdowns were there in the game?
How many field goals were there?
How many touchdowns did The Giants score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which player scored the most points?
How long was the longest touchdown?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brees throw for?
Which team scored more touchdowns, Saints or Steelers?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total yards did kick for field goals?
HOw many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns?
How many more men did Ming Rui have than cavalry?
How many men out of the 30,000 were killed?
How did Ming Rui die?
How many more men did the Burmese army have than cavalry?
How many of the original 30,000 men were killed?
Which happened first, Ming Rui's retreat or him being wounded in battle?
How did Ming Rui die?
What did the emperor receive from Ming Rui before his death as a token of loyalty?
What enemy's blood was on the swords of the Burmese which made it difficult for them to hold?
How many men from the Bannerman army survived the battle with the Burmese?
How many total was the entire Burmese army pursuing Ming Rui?
How many of the Bannerman army was killed?
Who were the leaders of the Burmese army?
When the Burmese army split into two, what areas did they go to to pursue the Chinese?
How many more men than cavalry did the Burmese have?
How many men in the Bannerman army died at Pyinoolwin?
How did the Bannerman army soldiers die?
How many more men were in the Burmese army than cavalry?
How many of the 30000 men did not survive?
Which army that Ming Rui was a part of, was ultimately defeated, Burmese army or Bannerman army?
Which came first, the creation of a unified Norwegian state, or the death of King Harald?
Which came first, Sveina ane Erik of Lade taking control of norway, or Olaf Haraldsson being elected King of Norway?
How many years passed between Norway coming under the control of Svein and Erik and Olaf Haraldsson becoming king?
What were the two factors in these conflicts?
Who ruled first, King Harald Fairhair or Hakon the Good?
Which came first, the battle of Nesjar or the drowning of Hakon Jarl?
Who lived died first, Hakon Jarl or Harald Fairhair?
How many allies did King Harald Fairhair have before the unification of Norway?
Why did the unification of Norway succeed?
Ho took over Norway first, Svein and Erik of Lade or Olav Haraldsson?
Who ruled Norway in 1002?
Which was first, the battle as Nesjar or  the election of Olaf Haraldsson as King of Norway?
Danish King Svein gave support to who?
How many years after being elected King of Norway did Olaf Haraldsson win the Battle at Nesjar?
How many years after Olaf had to go into exile did the last Lade, Hakon Jarl, drown?
What happened first, the drowning of Hakon Jarl or Olaf Haraldsson being elected King of Norway?
Which of Harald Fairhair's descendants was forced into exile?
How many years after being exiled did Olaf return to Norway?
How many years after being elected King of Norway was Olaf forced into exile?
How many years was Erik of Lade in control of Norway?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
Which team won the coin toss?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many field goals over 31 yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last points?
How many in percent from the survey weren't Irish American?
How many in percent from the survey weren't Italian American?
How many in percent from the survey weren't German American?
How many in percent from the survey weren't Russian American?
Which group from the survey is larger: Irish American or Italian Americans?
Which group from the survey is smaller: Irish American or Italian Americans?
Which group from the survey is larger: Irish American or German Americans?
Which group from the survey is smaller: Irish American or German Americans?
Which group from the survey is larger: Irish American or Russian Americans?
Which group from the survey is smaller: Irish American or Russian Americans?
Which group from the survey is larger: Italian Americans or Russian Americans?
Which group from the survey is smaller: Italian Americans or Russian Americans?
How many family member deaths did Laestadius experience?
Who died first, Laestadius or his younger brother Petrus?
Was Laestadius financially supported by his father or his half-brother?
How many years after the death of Laestadius mother, did his father die?
Which occurred first, he suffered from severe typhoid fever or the death of his mother?
How many years after the death of his father, did his brother Petrus die?
How many years after his mother died did his father die?
which of his brothers died first, Petrus or Carl Erik?
How many years after his fathers death did his youngest brother also die?
How many of his sons died before him?
How many illnesses is he thought to have before death counting blindness?
How many years between his mother dying and Petrus dying?
How many years between his mother dying and dad dying?
Who died 8 years after the death of the mother of Laestadius, his dad or brother Petrus?
Which person died eight years after his mother, dad or brother Petrus?
How many years passed between his mothers death and the death of his brother Petrus?
How many ailments total did Laestadius suffer from?
Which did Laestadius suffer from later, pneumonia or cholera-like illness?
Where do the Dallas Cowboys play?
How many field goals were there in the game?
What was the longest field goal made in this game?
How many points did Gould score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bears increase their lead in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many interceptions were in the game?
Were the Bears winning or losing when Romo threw a touchdown pass to Gronkowski?
Who scored last?
How many yards was Romo's touchdown pass to Gronkowski?
How many total field goal yards did Gould make?
How many total field goal yards did Buehler make?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Buehler kick in the second half?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the fourth longest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined is the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which player made more field goals over 35 yards, Robbie Gould or David Buehler?
How many field goals over 35 yards did Robbie Gould make?
Which field goals did Robbie Gould make?
How many total field goal yards did Robbie Gould make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Tony Romo?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdown passes?
How many points did the Steelers score in the first half?
How many total points did the teams score in the second half?
What was the last scoring play?
How many points did the Steelers win by
Who scored in the third quarter
Who scored the game-winning field goal?
How many points were the Steelers ahead by at the end of the game?
Which team was able to score more points in the second half?
Which team took the lead with Vick hooking up with Brent Celek on a 2-yard touchdown pass?
How many points were scored total in the game?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
How many points did the Steelers lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal over his second longest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points further ahead were the Steelers at halftime than what they won the game by?
How many points did LeSean McCoy's 15-yard touchdown pass shorten the lead of the Steelers to?
The two teams came within how many points of having the same score?
How many points was the Eagles' score after they took the lead?
How many points difference is there between the largest lead the Steelers had and the smallest lead?
How many points did Green bay win by?
which team is being followed on this passage.
who was leader of the Packers
Who won the game between the Washington and Philadelphia?
How many yards difference is there between Aaron Rodgers' passing yards and James Starks' rushing performance yards?
How many yards did the Packers win by?
How many yards was the only field goal mentioned?
How many points did Green Bay win Washington by in the highest scoring game of Monday Night Football history?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Packers or Washington?
Who failed to make a field goal?
How many scores of the game were from under 10 yards?
How many scores were from over 30 yards?
How many points were Green Bay winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Redskins lose by?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Patriots ahead of the Ravens by halftime?
Which team scored first in the game?
Who finished 11-2
How many home wins does Brady have
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many points did the Ravens score in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many points did the Patriots win the game by?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did both teams score in total?
Which team scored more points against Bengals, Bills or Browns ?
Who did the Bengals win before playing the Bills?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
Which Bengals players combined for three turnovers?
How many more points did the Falcons score over the Bills?
Which players on the Bills were injured?
Did the Bengals score more points against the Browns or the Bills?
How many more points did the Bengals score against the Browns than they did the Bills?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points were scored in all between the Bengals and the Browns?
How many yard(s) was the game's shortest touchdown pass?
What are the Succop's field goals?
How many field goals both Succop and Folk kick?
How many TD passes did Romo complete?
Who completed longer touchdown pass, Romo or Austin?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games had the Cowboys lost before this game?
Which team scored last?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many yards longer was Succop's first half field goal compared to Folk's first half field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many games did Feyenoord win in the 2016/2017 season?
How many goals did Feyenoord win by against Sparta?
How many goals did Feyenoord win by against AZ?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 5 yards?
How many more points did the Lions score than the Vikings?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Who scored first for the Vikings?
Which team lost?
How many wins did the Lions have before this game?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many yards difference was Teddy Bridgewater’s first touchdown pass compared to Matthew Stafford’s first touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Matt Prater kick for field goals in the second half?
How many yards difference was Matt Asiata’s touchdown run compared to Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Golden Tate?
How many yards difference was Teddy Bridgewater’s touchdown pass to Greg Jennings compared to Matthew Stafford’s touchdown pass to Golden Tate?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many yards longer was the TD pass for Minnesota than the TD run Minnesota scored on in the second quarter?
How many interceptions did Bridgewater throw in the first half?
How many yards in total did Matt Prater kick for field goals?
Who failed at their field goal attempt?
Who had the longer TD pass, Teddy Bridgewater or Matthew Stafford?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were from the run?
How many field goals total were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest rushing touchdown than the shortest?
How many field goals did Jay Feely kick?
How many yards was Jay Feely's longest field goal?
How many yards was Jay Feely's shortest field goal?
Which Party , the Democrats or Whigs, supported larger tarrifs?
For what purpose did the Democrats agree to tariffs?
What party did Henry Clay belong?
Who contested several elections throughout the 1830s, 1840s, and 1850s
What did the Democrats favor?
Who opposed the mercantilist "American System?
How many Democrats opposed the mercantilist "American System"?
The opposition Democratic Party contested several elections throughout how many decades?
How many men of the Democratic Party were mentioned?
How many decades did the opposition Democratic Party contest several elections throughout?
How many more out of every 100 for each gender are male than female?
How many more out of every 100 for each gender age 18 and over are male than female?
How many more in dollars is median income for family than household in the city?
How many more in dollars is median income for males than females?
How many in percent of families aren't below the poverty line?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many percent of people 65 and over are not living below the poverty line?
What are all the median incomes?
What are all the topics for per capita income?
What had the largest median income percentage; houlholdsd or families?
Were there fewer females or males?
Which is higher the median income for a household or for a family?
How many dollars less is the median household income compared to the median family income?
Which group has a lower median income, males or females?
How many dollars more to males make compared to females, in median income?
How many percent of the population is above the poverty line?
How many field goals under 30 yards were kicked?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total touchdowns did Terrell Owens score?
How many more touchdowns did Bledsoe throw than Romo?
Which wide receiver caught the most touchdown passes?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdowns in the game?
How many total touchdowns were throw by quarterbacks?
Which player had the shortest touchdown run?
Which kicker had the longest field goal converted?
Which kicker had the shortest field goal converted?
How many yards shorter was the shortest rushing touchdown compared to the shortest field goal?
How many yards shorter was the shortest rushing touchdown compared to the longest field goal?
How many field goals were between 15 and 23 yards long?
How many total yards were converted on field goals shorter than 23 yards long?
How many yards shorter was the shortest field goal compared to the longest field goal?
How many yards did the two shortest field goals combine for?
Which players threw touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdowns did Terrell Owens score in the second half?
Which players kicked field goals in the first half?
What were the two longest field goals of the game?
How many countries did Frederick the Great successfully defend against?
How many countries did Frederick the Great defeat?
How many countries did the Hadsburg defend against?
How many years was it between the revolution and anti-conscription violence?
How many years was it from the time the Russian Civil War began and time when the Red Army's campaigna had given the Basmachis many defeats?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, the Bolsheviks launching an assult on Kokand, or the Bolsheviks seizing powder in many parts of the Russian Empire?
What event happened first, the Russian Empire beginning to draft Muslims, or the general massacre of up to 25,000 people?
What happened first, the anti-conscription violence or the October Revolution?
How many months after the October Revolution was the assault of Koland begin?
What war started last: World War I or the Russian Civil War?
What war started first: World War I or the Russian Civil War?
Which happened first, the Russian Civil War or the October 17 Revolution?
How many predictions did Krugman incorrectly predict?
How many predictions did Krugman get wrong?
How many incorrect predictions did Krugman and Dowd have combined?
How many of the prognosticators did not predict more accurately than chance?
How many times was Krugman incorrect?
How many yards in field goals were kicked?
How many field goals were kicked by Joe Nedney?
How many more field goals did Carney kick compared to Nedney?
How many yards Nedey's field goal in the first half?
who kicked a 29 yd field goal?
who was the 49ers QB>
who was 49ers WR?
Which team did the 49ers play week 12?
How many points from touchdowns in the second quarter?
Which team lost to the Rams in week 12?
How many touchdowns did the Saints score in the first half?
Which team allowed the most points scored against them in this game?
How many losses did the 49ers have coming in to this game?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Bush score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Bush score running?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the two shortest field goals combined?
Which player scored more field goals, John Carney or Joe Nedney ?
How many more field goals did John Carney make over Joe Nedney?
How many total field goal yards did John Carney kick?
Which player made the second longest field goal?
Which field goals did John Carney make?
How many yards longer was John Carney's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many yards difference is there between the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards did Reggie Bush combine for on his first two touchdowns?
Which player scored the third shortest touchdown?
Which player scored the second longest touchdown?
How many total yards did Reggie Bush gain on all of his touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many more yards did Antonio Bryant gain on his longest touchdown compared to all of Reggie Bush's touchdowns combined?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the longest field goal?
How many months after a Soviet-Latvian sanitary convention was signed were the ratifications exchanged?
How many sanitary conventions did Poland sign with other countries?
Which sanitary conventions were ratified in 1925?
Which country set less sanitary conventions into effect, Poland or Germany?
How many days after a Soviet-Latvian sanitary convention was signed were ratifications exchanged?
How many days after a Soviet-Latvian sanitary convention was signed was bilateral sanitary convention was concluded between the governments of Latvia and Poland?
How many days after a bilateral sanitary convention was concluded between the governments of Latvia and Poland were ratification's between them exchanged?
How many days after a bilateral sanitary convention was concluded between the governments of Latvia and Poland was another one was signed between the governments of Poland and Romania?
How many touchdowns did Arian Foster have?
Which player scored the final touchdown?
Who had a 37 yard field goal?
Who had a 30 yard field goal?
What was the shortest pass?
How many passes did Sanches throw?
Which team managed to score last?
How many points did the jets score in the second quarter?
How many points did the jets score in the third quarter?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many passing tds were there in this game?
How many British generals lead the Malleson Mission?
Who supported the Kokand autonomy of Turkestan?
In what country's military did Maj. Gen. Dunsterville serve?
Which nation tried but failed to gain control of Tashkent, Bukhara, and Khiva?
How many months after the Red Army overthrew the Kokand autonomy or Turkestan did the first regional congress of the Russian Communist Party convene?
Did the Russian Communist Party convene in Tashkent or Bukhara?
Who were the three prominent military leaders that Great Britain send to Central Asia?
How many regions had Gen. Malleson fail to gain control of?
In which month of 1918 did Maj. Gen. Dunsterville arrive in Central Asia?
Which happened first, the Red Army overthrew Turkestan or the White Army's British support?
Who were the 3 prominent military leaders sent to the area?
Who made two TD's?
Who made the most plays?
How many total points did the Bears lead by?
How many passes did Foles miss?
Who did Vick replace?
How many games did the Vikings win before this game?
Which team had the least points at final?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
Which player scored a touchdown off an interception
How many total field goals were there in the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Tampa Bay lead by at halftime?
How many field goals did the Bears have before the 4th quarter?
How easy did the Vikings have it?
By how many points did the 49ers beat the Raiders?
How many points did the 49ers score in their two playoff games combined?
How many points did the 49ers give up in their two playoff games combined?
Which teams played in the last game at Kezar Stadium?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Drew Brees throw?
How many points were scored in the 4th quarter?
Which player caught 2 second quarter touchdowns?
How long was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Drew Brees throw?
Which player scored the final points, Heath Evans or John Carney?
How many yards shorter was Drew Brees first touchdown pass than his second?
How many field goals over 40 yards were completed in the game?
How many touchdowns passes of over 30 yards were completed?
How many yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards did Jason Hanson kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was Kevin Smith's touchdown run compared to Matthew Stafford's touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Drew Brees's first touch down pass compared to second and third combined?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdowns in the second half?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for between the second and third quarters?
In which quarter did Drew Brees throw for the most touchdown passes for yardage?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the sixth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the sixth longest TD pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many points did the Buccaneers get?
Who got injured in the first play?
How many points did the Bucaneers win by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who had the last interception in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
how many yards did did graham score?
how many yards did jackson recover?
how many yards did did tampa bay manage?
how many yards did the redskins drive?
Which team scored the most points in the third quarter?
Who long was John Carney's field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest passing touchdown?
What team was responsible for the 41-yard touchdown pass?
Who won the game between the Saints and the Steelers?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first pass from Carson Palmer, Terrance Copper or Chad Johnson?
Which team did Kilmer return an interception for?
How many yards was Palmer's shortest touchdown pass to Johnson?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw the longer touchdown in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Brees first quarter touchdown compared to Palmers first quarter touchdown?
How many touchdown passes longer than 40 yards were there?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Who scored the only defensive touchdown of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest over the entire game?
Were there more yards in touchdowns or field goals in the first half?
Were there more touchdowns or field goals in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many yards in touchdown passes did Carson Palmer throw?
Who threw more yards in touchdown passes, Carson Palmer or Drew Brees?
Which players scored the two longest touchdowns?
In what quarter were the most touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was Chad Johnson's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Chad Johnson's second longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
When did Manning get all of his touchdowns in the game?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many yards longer was Hasselbeck's touchdown pass compared to Warner's?
How many games had the Ravens lost?
How many more games have the Ravens lost than won this season?
How many games had the Bills lost in a row after this game?
How many yards in all did Rian Lindell kick in field goals?
Who made the longest touchdown run in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run of the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
Which player scored first for the Bills?
Which player had the first receiving touchdown?
How many more Specialized hospitals and centers are there than diagnostic and treatment centers?
How many more soum hospitals are there than specialized hospitals and centers?
How many more nurses are there than pharmacists?
How many health workers in 2002 were not doctors?
How many fewer beds are there per 10000 inhabitants?
How many more mid-level personnel are there than Nurses?
How many more specialized hospitals and centers are there than regional diagnostic and treatment centers?
How many more private hospitals are there than family group practices?
How many of the 33,273 health workers are not doctors?
How many more hospital beds are there than physicians per 10,000 inhabitants?
How many more nurses were there than doctors?
How many more mid-level personnel was there than pharmacists?
How many districts and aimag general hospitals does the health sector comprise of?
How many districts and soum hospitals does the health sector comprise of?
How many districts and feldsher posts does the health sector comprise of?
How many aimag general hospitals and soum hospitals does the health sector comprise of?
How many aimag general hospitals and feldsher posts does the health sector comprise of?
How many aimag general hospitals and family group practices does the health sector comprise of?
What group from the health sector is larger: district or aimag general hospitals?
What group from the health sector is smaller: district or aimag general hospitals?
What group from the health sector is larger: soum hospitals or feldsher posts?
What group from the health sector is smaller: soum hospitals or feldsher posts?
What group from the health sector is larger: family group practices or private hospitals?
What group from the health sector is smaller: family group practices or private hospitals?
How many more private hospitals were part of the health sector compared to rug supply companies/pharmacies?
How many district and aimag general hospitals were comprised in the health sector?
How many soum hospitals and private hospitals were comprised in the health sector?
How many more specialized hospitals and centers were there compared to regional diagnostic and treatment centers?
How many of the 33,273 health workers were not doctors?
How many more nurses were there compared to doctors in 2002?
How many pharmacists and med-level personnel were there combined in 2002?
How many more hospital beds are there compared to physicians per 10,000 inhabitants?
What profession had more health workers, doctors or nurses?
What was the second largest group in the health sector?
What was the smallest group in the health sector?
How many district, aimag general hospitals and soum hospitals were there combined?
How many more private hospitals were there compared to soum hospitals?
How many family group practices, private hospitals and drug supply companies were there?
How many of the health workers were not doctors or nurses?
How many doctors, pharmacists and nurses were there?
Where there less doctors,pharmacists and nurses combined or mid-level personnel?
How many total hospitals of all kinds were there in the health sector?
How many health workers other than doctors are there?
What are the different classifications of hospitals?
Which group of heath workers is the third largest?
Which type of facility has the second fewest locations?
How many more specialized hospitals and centers is the health sector comprised of than regional diagnostic and treatment centers?
How many more specialized hospitals and centers is the health sector comprised of than district hospitals?
How many more aimag general hospitals is the health sector comprised of than specialized hospitals and centers ?
How many more soum hospitals is the health sector comprised of than aimag general hospitals?
How many more soum hospitals is the health sector comprised of than feldsher posts?
How many more private hospitals is the health sector comprised of than family group practices?
who won the game
How many points did the Chargers lose by?
How many loses was this for the Chargers in total?
What kind of architectural styles does it have?
How many years passed when the ruins were tied for the Seven Wonders and the naval fleet autos were moved?
How many cultures do the building show influences from?
Which culture at Chersonesus was responsible for a temple?
How many years after Chersonesus tied for fifth in the Seven Wonders of Ukraine poll did Ukrainian Defence Minister Yuriy Yekhanurov called on Russia's Black Sea naval fleet to move its automobile depot from the site to another place?
How many touchdowns did Drew Brees score in the second quarter?
Which Quarterback scored the most touchdowns in the game?
How many different WR's and TE's did Drew Brees throw to for touchdowns?
Which player caught the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Matt Hasselbeck throw for?
How many touchdowns did the Saints make in the first half?
How many field goals did Brown kick?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks make?
How many points did the Saints' touchdowns result into?
How many games had the Saints won coming into this game?
How many points did the Saints get off the blocked punt in the first quarter?
Which team scored points in the first quarter?
How many points did Seattle have at halftime?
How many points did the Seahawks score in the fourth quarter?
In which quarters did only one team score?
How many total passing touchdown yards did Hasselbeck have?
Which quarterback had more total touchdown passing yards?
How many touchdowns were 5 yards or less?
How many different wide receivers caught touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Drew Brees in the first half?
Which player caught a fourth quarter touchdown pass?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Bears win by against the Chargers?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Who made the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored more points, Bears or Chargers?
Which player scored the Bears first TD?
Which player scored the fist points of the game?
Which team did Cutler play for?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards is the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Novak kick than Gould?
How many incomplete passes did Cutler throw?
How many touchdown receptions did Vincent Jackson catch?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Nick Novak or Robbie Gould?
How many points did Chicago win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many incomplete passes did Cutler throw?
What all field goals did Nick Novak make?
How many years did the rule of Owen MacCarthy Reagh take?
When did Owen became tánaiste?
How many years long was Owen MacCarthy Reagh prince?
How many sons in total did Donal MacCarthy Reagh have?
How many years was Owen MacCarthy Reagh the 12th Prince of Carbery?
Who was Owen MacCarthy Reagh's grandfather?
Which did Owen become first, tánaiste, or Prince?
How many years was Owen MacCarthy the 12th Prince of Carebary?
Who was Prince of Carbery first, Donogh MacCarthy Reagh or Haoine MacCarthy Reagh?
Who was Owen MacCarthy Reagh to Donal MacCarthy Reagh?
How many years was Owen MacCarthy Reagh the 12th Prince of Carbery?
Who was Florence MacCarthy's father?
Who was Donogh MacCarthy Reagh's daughter?
Who was the Prince of Carbery before Donogh MacCarthy Reagh?
Who was the Prince of Carbery after Owen MacCarthy Reagh?
Who was the Prince of Carbery after Donal MacCarthy Reagh?
How many years did the 11th Prince of Carbery hold the position?
Who was Lady Eleanor's husband?
How many points were scored in the 3rd quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many games had the Raiders lost in a row after losing this game?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the second longest field goal in the first half?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored in the first half?
From what yard line did both kickers kick a field goal in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
Which players scored 10 yard touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards longer was Chester Taylor's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards were Chester Taylor's touchdowns on average?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
Who scored the most field goals over 40 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski score?
How many total field goals did Sebastian Janikowski get from more than 40 yards?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski score than Longwell?
How many more total yards of TD runs did Chester Taylor get than Daunte Culpepper?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
From what yard line did both teams score a touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
From what yard line did Sebastian Janikowski kick two field goals in the first half?
Who kicked the most field goals in the first half?
How many yards longer was Chester Taylor's second touchdown compared to his first?
Who scored first, Chester Taylor or John Madsen?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's second field goal compared to his first?
How many of Jerry Rice's catches in the 1985 season were not in the game against the Los Angeles Rams?
How many points did the Giants beat the 49ers by in the playoffs?
How many more points did the New York Giants win by against the 49ers?
What team drafted Jerry Rice?
How many years was Thomas R. Bruce a postmaster?
How many years was the time span where there were nine deaths from the whooping cough?
How many years after the last death from whooping cough were there 2200 cases of measles?
How many years after the first car was imported into the island was Cable & Wireless plc absorbed the Eastern Telegraph Company?
Which became a dependency of St Helena first, Tristan da Cunha or Ascension Island?
How many years after Ascension Island was made a dependency of St Helena was Tristan da Cunha made a dependency?
How many more yards was the longest TD pass compared to the shortest TD pass?
how many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game compared to Mason Crosby's field goal?
How many yards total were ran in for touchdowns?
How many more yards were passed in for touchdowns compared to ran in?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many points were scored off of field goals?
Which team scored first?
How many 1 yard touchdown runs were there in this game?
How many yards did Hakeem Nicks and Mario Manningham combine for on their first two touchdowns?
How many yards did John Kuhn combine for on his first two touchdowns?
How many touchdown passing yards did Rodger's have?
Who threw the shortest touchdown of the game?
Who had more touchdown passing yards, Rodgers or Manning?
Who had the second longest field goal?
Which players had 1 yard touchdown runs?
How many Packers, other than the quarterback, scored touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes were there of more than 80 yards?
How long were the three longest touchdown passes?
How long were John Kuhn's touchdown runs?
How many yards difference exists between the longest field goal and the shortest?
How many yards longer was Jordy Nelson's first touchdown when compared to James Jones' first touchdown?
Which players scored the two shortest touchdowns in the game?
How many yards do the two shortest touchdowns equal when combined?
Which players kicked field goals over 30-yards?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many wins did both teams have coming into this game?
Which team got on the board first?
How many times did both teams end up punting combined?
Which team got the first TD?
How many yards rushing did Reggie Bush have?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
how many yards did yards did fields get?
how many yards did fasano recept?
how many yards did bush rush?
Who was the home team?
Which team was 0-1?
How many total punting yards were there during the game?
Which team didn't score during the second quarter?
How many yards was Bush's second longest touchdown run?
How many yards was Janikowski's second longest field goal?
How many touchdown yards did the Dolphins have on running plays?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown of the game?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
How many total yards did Reggie Bush have on touchdown runs?
How many yards difference exists between Sebastian Janikowski's longest and shortest field goal? ?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown play over the shortest touchdown play?
How many wins did the Eagles have after this game?
How many loses did the Eagles have after this game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many years span these events?
What happened first, the creation of the International Security Assistance Force, or the ISAF replacing the U.S. troops in the province.
How many countries had forces in Afganistan, replacing the US troops?
How many countries were initially involved in Afganistan?
What was the nationality of the majority of soldiers in the 16th Air Assult Brigade?
What was the second most prominent nationality in the 16th Air Assault Brigade?
How many more British soldiers were in the 16th Air Assault Brigade than Canadian soldiers?
How many more Canadian troops were in the 16th Air Assault Brigade than soldiers from the Netherlands?
Of the initial force, how many were British, Canadian or Australian?
How many more soldiers did the largest country have compared with the Netherlands?
What general did the 37th and the 84th regiments belong to?
How many regiments did General Espagne control?
How many games have the Dolphins won this season?
Which team score the most points?
How many straight wins did this game give the Dolphins?
Who caught the first touchdown?
Which team allowed the most 1st quarter points?
Which team won this game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Olindo Mare kick?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was Harrington's first touchdown throw compared to Kitna's first TD throw?
How many total touchdown passing yards were there in the first half?
How many total yards did Mare have?
How many more touchdowns did Harrington have compared to Kitna?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Olindo Mare make?
How many more total field goal yards did Olindo Mare make than Jason Hanson?
How many yards longer was Olindo Mare's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than Olindo Mare's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Harrington make?
How many more touchdown passing yards did Harrington make than Jon Kitna?
How many yards longer was Harrington's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Harrington's longest touchdown pass than Jon Kitna's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first two quarters compared to the shortest?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first two quarters?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards of field goals were kicked over the entire game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown over the entire game?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 10 yards?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 40 yards?
How many field goals were kicked shorter than 40 yards?
Which quarterback threw for the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the first touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback threw for the second touchdown of the game?
What was the first touchdown of the game?
Which player caught the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total yards did Marty Booker gain when all of his touchdowns are measured?
How many yards did Ronnie Brown gain when his rushing and receiving yards are totaled?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdowns?
How many total passing touchdowns were scored?
How many field goals longer than 50 yards were made?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards were made?
How many field goals between 25 yards and 50 yards long were made?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
How many field goals were there longer than 30 yards?
How many interceptions did Weeden  throw in the game?
How many yards did Shaun Suisham for field goals?
Which team scored the most for the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Cundiff kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Cundiff kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many 4 yard touch down passes did Joe Flacco make?
How many yards did Mark Clayton complete?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Which position scored the first points of the game?
Which wide reciever threw a touchdown in the third quuarter?
How long was the longest reception of the game?
From what distance did both teams make a field goal?
How many field goals did Matt Stover kick in the first half?
Who threw a 32 yard touchdown pass and caught a 70 yard touchdown pass?
Which team did the Steelers beat in week 12?
How many field goals did Stover score in the first half?
How many ties for the season do the Bengals have?
How many losses did the Bengals have coming into this game?
Which player had the first TD of the second half?
How many 21 yard field goals were made?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the third quarter?
Which players made field goals of less than 30 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Stover make?
From what distance did two players kick field goals?
Which players kicked 21-yard field goals?
Which Ravens players threw touchdown passes?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals of exactly 21 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Stover kick than Graham?
How many total yards were all Flacco's TD passes?
How many yards was the third longest touchdown?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than the second?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
How many times did Dolphins win over Cardinals in their last five games, including the current one?
Who scored more points, Dolphins or Cardinals?
Which nation had the most amount of deaths in the 1915 Singapore Mutiny?
Did more British civilians or officers and soliders die in the 1915 Singapore Mutiny?
Which nationality had the least amount of deaths during the mutiny?
How many nicknames did the Singapore Mutiny have?
How many people died in the Singapore Mutiny?
Who led the mutiny?
Which two nations lost five civilians?
How many more British civilians died than Chinese civilians?
How many deaths did the Germans suffer?
How many more officers did the British lose than the Malay?
How many more British civilians than soldiers died in the Singapore Mutiny?
Who lost more soldiers in the the Singapore Mutiny, the British or Malay?
Who had more deaths, British civilians, or Chinese civilians?
Which country had the largest amount of deaths, British or Malay?
What other names is the Mutiny of the 5th Light Infantry known by?
who lead in the firs quarter?
who was titans quarterback?
who did brown kick for?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards in touchdowns were there in the first half?
How many touchdowns in the first half were under 5 yards?
How many touchdowns in the first half were over 5 yards?
From what yard line did both kickers kick a field goal?
How many yards longer was Cortland Finnegan's touchdown compared to all the other touchdowns in the game combined?
How many yards longer was Cortland Finnegan's touchdown compared to all the field goals in the first half combined?
How many yards longer were all of the field goals in the entire game combined compared to Cortland Finnegan's touchdown?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns scored?
How many games have the Rams won in a row?
Who had an interception for the Rams?
How many fumbles did the Rams defense recover?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many turnovers did the texans have that were strip sacks?
How many turnovers did the texans have that were interceptions?
How many teams do the Rams have a home game win against?
How many straight wins did the Rams come into this game with?
Which team gave away the ball the most time?
How many wins for the season did the Rams come into the game at?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Rams win by?
By how many points did the Rams succeed over the Texans with?
How many turnovers were not strip sack recoveries?
Which team put points up first?
Who else other than Peyton Manning completed TD pass?
How many TD passes did Manning complete?
What was Manning's longest TD pass?
Which team beat the Jaguars previously?
Which team was winning in the third quarter?
Which time scored the last points of the game?
Who did the Cardinals beat before week 3?
How many touchdown passes did Manning have in the 2nd quarter?
Who had more touchdown passes, Manning or Warner?
How many touchdown passing yards did Manning throw in the second quarter?
Which player received the longest of Manning's touchdown passes in the second quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Colts int he second quarter?
How many yards longer was Warner's touchdown pass than Manning's in the fourth quarter?
Which team beat the Jaguars in week 2?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
How many TD's did Manning pass for in the second quarter?
Which player had the longest TD catch of the second quarter?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
How many yards was Mannings last TD of the game?
Which player caught the first TD of the third quarter?
How many total field goals were scored all game?
Which player kicked the most second half field goals?
How many points did the Colts score in the second quarter?
How many yards was the first TD pass of the game?
How many years did the Galicia-Volhynia wars lasted?
How did Poland acquired its territory?
How many years did the Galicia-Volhynia Wars last?
How many wars are said to have been fought in the span of 52 years?
How many people advanced claims over the principality?
How many years were there wars
Who was he poisoned by
How many total years did the Galicia-Volhynia Wars last for?
How many total countries was Galicia-Volhynia divided between?
How many years were the Galicia-Volhynia Wars?
When did Galicia-Volhynia cease to exist?
How many years after 1 billion dollars was reported missing was it refereed to as "a deficit in the account"?
How many months after SAC reported the 1 billion was missing from Oil Stabilization Fund did Director Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli refer to the report as "a deficit in the account"?
How many months after the SAC reported 1 billion missing from the Oil Stabilization Fund did the Supreme Audit Court director say that the missing money was only a deficit in the account?
What did Ahmadinejad call the missing money?
How many years after DHS sent Congress a plan in 2007 did it want to begin moving into St. Elizabeths?
How many years will actually pass for the DHS to move into St. Elizabeths after DHS sent Congress a plan in 2007?
How many months into 2009 did National Capital Planning Commission approve?
How many years will before the site will open in 2021?
What happened first, DHS would begin moving to St. Elizabeths or the National Capital Planning Commission approved the Department of Homeland Security's plans to move into the campus of St. Elizabeths Hospital
How many years after the Department submitted a $4.1 billion plan to consolidate headquarters would be the earliest to begin moving?
How many years after the 2009 approval will it be until the site will be open?
How many years after the Department submitted a plan to Congress to consolidate its 60-plus Washington-area offices into a single headquarters complex did the earliest DHS begin moving to St. Elizabeths?
How many years after the National Capital Planning Commission approved the Department of Homeland Security's plan to move into the campus of St. Elizabeth's Hospital did the General Services Administration say when the site would open?
How many years after the General Services Administration announced the site would open is it set to open?
How many fewer buildings are there than acres at the Nebraska Avenue Complex?
How many years after the Department submitting its $4.1 billion plan did it begin moving into St. Elizabeth's?
How many acres and buildings does the DHS headquarters in Washington, D.C.'s Nebraska Avenue Complex contain in total?
How many dollars in billions will the consolidation of the DHS Washington-area offices into a single headquarters complex at the St. Elizabeths Hospital campus in Anacostia?
How many dollars will the consolidation of the DHS Washington-area offices into a single headquarters complex at the St. Elizabeths Hospital campus cost in billions?
How many years after the Department submitted a plan to Congress to consolidate its 60-plus Washington-area offices did the DHS begin moving to St. Elizabeths?
How many years after the National Capital Planning Commission approved the DHS plans to moved into the campus of St. Elizabeths is the site set to open?
How many years after the Department submitted a plan to Congress to consolidate its Washington-area offices did the National Capital Planning Commission approve the DHS plans to move?
How many first half touchdowns had Peyton Manning thrown?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did Vinatieri score in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many points did Vinatieri's field goal result into?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many field-goals measuring 50-yards or longer were converted?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal relative to the shortest?
Who had the shorter touchdown pass of the first half?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's first half field goal compared to Vinatieri's first half field goal?
How many yards was Vinatieri's second longest field goal?
Who caught one yard touchdown passes?
How many field goals were there between 30 and 40 yards?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Adam Vinatieri make?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Adam Vinatieri make than Nate Kaeding?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Adam Vinatieri's longest field goal than Nate Kaeding's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many 1-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make total?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Peyton Manning make total?
How many more yards of total touchdown passes did Philip Rivers make than Peyton Manning?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Where was Griese picked off three times?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Griese throw?
Which team scored the final points of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
Which team scored first?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many games had the Lions lost at the end of this game for the season?
Which team was behind in the 3rd quarter?
Who did the Lions beat before they beat the Bears?
How many field goals did Lions kicker make?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many victories did the Lions have when the game was complete?
How many points did Detroit score in the third quarter?
How many field goals did the player with the most field goals kick?
Which players scored in the second quarter?
In which quarters did Jason Hanson not score?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson have in the first half?
Were there more field goals kicked in the first half or second half?
How many wins did the Lions have after the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were there in the third quarter?
Which team was the road team for this Week 14 match-up between the Titans and Texans?
What was the Tennessee Titans record following the game?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas make in the game?
How many touchdown runs did Dayne have?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
What was the final score?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
What week did this game take place in?
How many touchdowns did Chad Johnson have?
Which player caught the first touchdown pass?
How many touchdown receptions did Chad Johnson have?
Which player caught the most touchdown passes?
Did Chad Johnson score fewer touchdowns in the first half or the second half?
How many yards was Chad Johnson's shortest touchdown catch?
How many yards longer was Chad Johnson's longest touchdown catch compared to his shortest?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Rob Bironas' first field goal compared to his second?
Which player with the last name Johnson scored more touchdowns, Chad Johnson or Rudi Johnson?
How many touchdowns shorter than 6 yards were scored by all players combined?
In what quarter did Chad Johnson not score a touchdown?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many total yards did Carson Palmer throw for touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes over 2 yards did Carson Palmer throw?
How many yards are the top two longest touchdown passes combined?
How many total field goal yards did Rob Bironas  kick?
Which touchdown passes did Carson Palmer  make?
How many yards shorter was Carson Palmer's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards differences are there between the longest and shortest touchdown passes?
Which player had the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards did White run?
How many yards did Garcia complete?
Which team scored the only points of the first half?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did garcia complete?
How many yards did White get?
How many yards did Bryant nail?
How many incomplete passes did Vince Young throw?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals were made during the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
In which quarter didTampa Bay not score?
In which quarters did both teams score?
Which team beat the Falcons in week 5?
Which team failed to score in the first two quarter?
How many games did the Titans loss before this game for the season?
How many points behind were the Titans at the half?
How many incomplete passes did Vince Young suffer for the game?
Which team was leading the scoreboard at the start of the fourth?
How many points Tampa Bay win the game by?
Which player scored the last points for Tennessee?
How many quarters did Vince Young play in?
Which player caught the longest TD of the game?
What happened first, the killing of Iranian officers in Hamidiyeh, or the casualties sustained by Iranian security?
Which happened last, the Ahwazi National Resistance blowing up pipelines, or the Sunni group blowing up the Petrochemical Complex?
How many attacks did Suquor al-Ahvaz carry out in July?
What happened first: 3 Iranian officers were killed or a young girl was killed?
What happened second: 3 Iranian officers were killed or a young girl was killed?
How many years do these events span?
How many months do these events span?
What event happened first, a young girl being killed, or 3 Iranian officers being killed by unidentified gunmen?
What event happened later, 3 Iranian officers being killed, or a young girl being killed?
How many months passed between the deaths of the Iranian officers in Hamidiyeh and the deaths of Iranian security people?
What happened first, the explosion at Bou-Ali-Sina Petrochemical Complex or the explosions in the Johar as-Sabaa' district?
How many days passed between the blowing up of pipelines in the Johar as-Sabaa' district?
How many months passed between the explosion at the Bou-Ali-Sina Petrochemical Complex and the executions of those charged with terror attack?
How many more people were under the age of 18 than 18 to 24, in percentage?
Which age group populated the county more than those 65 years of age or older but less than those 25 to 44?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many less percentage under the age of 18 to 24 than 25 to 44?
How many more females than males?
How many more females than males for age over 18?
Which groups in percent are larger than 17%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 17%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 17%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
What did the Bengals cut?
How many yards was Jay Cutlers pass in the first quarter??
How many TD passes did Cutler throw?
Which team scored more points during the second quarter?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team had the most points at the end of the first half?
Who scored the last touchdown?
how many yards did cutler tie the game with?
how many yards did Palmer give for the lead?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards difference was Shayne Graham's field goal compared to Jason Elam's field goal?
How many yards difference was Jay Cutler's second touch down pass compared to Carson Palmer’s first touch down pass?
How many yards difference was Mike Bell's touch down run compared to Carson Palmer’s second touch down pass?
How many touchdowns over 35 yards were made in the first half?
How long were Cutler's TD passes in the second quarter?
Which quarterback had the longest TD pass of the first half?
Which player kicked a field goal longer than 45 yards?
How many yards longer was Graham's field foal kick than Elam's?
How many plays shorter than 10 yards happened in the first half of the game?
Which players scored in plays less than 10 yards long in the first half of the game?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw in the first half of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw in the first half of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown run of the game?
How many fewer yards was Mike Bell's touchdown run than Rudi Johnson's?
Which players had touchdown runs that were less than 10 yards long?
Which players threw more than one touchdown pass?
Which player threw more yards in touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Carson Palmer?
How many yards did Carson Palmer throw in touchdown passes?
How many more yards in touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw than Carson Palmer?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game than the longest touchdown pass?
How many quarters did the Broncos go scoreless?
How many total losses did the Bengals have before playing the Broncos?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Gould make in the first quarter?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first quarter?
Which kicker made more field goals?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which QB had more first half touchdown passes?
How many total TD passes were thrown?
How many yards did Garret Hartley kick a field goal from?
How many second half touchdowns did Drew Brees have?
Who kicked a field goal over 30 yards?
How many more yards was Garrett Hartley's first field goal over his second?
How many yards did Drew Brees touchdowns total?
Which team scored first?
Which kicker had the shortest field goal?
How many yards was Brees' shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made over 30 yards?
How many field goals were made under 25 yards?
Chris Ivory and Cedric Benson both had a touchdown run for how many yards?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown runs?
How many touchdown passes were there under 10 yards?
Which player scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass, Drew Brees or Carson Palmer?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
How many total field goal yards did Clint Stitser kick?
How many touchdowns did Cedric Benson score?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the last touchdown?
How many total field goal yards were in the game?
How many total field goal yards did Garrett Hartley have?
How many total field goal yards did Clint Stitser have?
How many more total field goal yards did Clint Stitser have than Garrett Hartley?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Clint Stitser's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's longest field goal than Clint Stitser's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Garrett Hartley's shortest field goal than Clint Stitser's shortest field goal?
How many total running touchdown yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest in the game?
How many touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many points did Texans add after halftime?
How many points did Detroit score in overtime?
How many points did Detroit add after halftime?
Which Jaguar caught the most touchdown receptions?
Which player had the longest touchdown score?
Which player caught the winning touchdown reception?
Which player missed the game winning field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored last?
How many points did the Texans win by?
Which player had two rushing touchdowns?
In what quarters did Tampa score touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Alex Smith throw?
What was the first scoring play for the Buccaneers?
How did buccaneers score in the fourth quater?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Buccaneers have in the first half?
How many total yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored the second longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards long was the second longest touchdown of the first half?
How many total yards of passing touchdowns were scored in the first half?
From what yard lines were passing touchdowns scored in the first half?
Which players scored 2 touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Kenton Keith's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Kenton Keith have?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Dallas Clark have compared to Kenton Keith?
How many fewer yards in touchdowns did Alex Smith have compared to Dallas Clark?
From what distance did two players catch touchdown receptions?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How long was the winning field goal?
What was the longest passing play?
How many points did the Steelers get on the board with?
How many points did the Packers score in the first half?
How many points was the first score and PAT of the second half?
Which team lost?
How many touchdowns over 50 yards did Hundley throw?
From what yard line did the Steelers score twice?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers have before halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
Which players caught touchdown passes of 50 yards or more?
Which team scored first?
Which team scored the least first half TDs?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Robbie Gould kick?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
Which kicker made more field goals, Gould or Elam?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown catch?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which battle happened last, the one at Fort Ticonderoga or the one at Fort Frontenac?
How many months passed between the British defeat at Fort Ticonderoga and their win at Fort Frontenac?
How many months after the defeat at Fort Ticonderoga did the Bristish attack Fort Frontenac?
Who had more men at the battle of Fort Frontenac?
Which happened first, the British demoralizing battle defeat of Fort Ticonderoga or their attack on Fort Frontenac?
How many years after the British attacked Fort Frontenac did France withdraw from the North American mainland and the remains of Fort Frontenac relinquished to the British?
How many months after their defeat at Fort Ticonderoga  did the British attack Fort Frontenac?
Which group had more men,  John Bradstreet's group or Pierre-Jacques Payen de Noyan et de Chavoy's group?
What fort did Pierre-Jacques Payen de Noyan et de Chavoy command?
How many men did Bradstreet's forces outnumber Fort Frontenac's by?
What fort's attack boosted morale after the British defeat at Fort Ticonderoga?
What country suffered defeat at Fort Frontenac?
How many yards in difference were there between the longest touchdown and the shortest?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards in total were scored on all touchdown passes?
How many toucfhdown passes were over 40-yards in length?
Which player had multiple touchdown receptions?
How many touchdowns in total were scored by both teams?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Mike Nugent or Matt Bryant?
How many touchdown passes did Carson Palmer throw in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did The Falcons score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored touchdowns on plays longer than 50 yards?
How many total yards off of touchdowns did Carson Palmer have?
How many total yards off of touchdowns did Matt Ryan have?
Which players had at least two touchdown passes?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns of less than 10 yards were scored?
What was the second longest field goal?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 40 yards?
Which player scored more field goals, Mike Nugent or Matt Bryant?
How many TD passes were from over 40 yards?
How many TD passes were from less than 20 yards but more than 9?
How many field goals were from more than 15 yards but less than 30?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent score from over 21 yards?
Who scored the first field goal of the game?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who caught a pass for a 2-point conversion?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
Who has played in the most games in a row?
Who has the most consecutive starts among active quarterbacks?
Which two players have already started more than 200 consecutive games?
How many points did the Cleveland Browns score in the first three quarters?
How many yards difference was Hauschka’s final goal compared to Cundiff’s field goal?
How many total yards did Steven Hauschka kick for field goals?
How many total yards did Willis McGahee run for touchdowns?
How many more yards was Willis McGahee's second touchdown run over his first?
Which team lost in week 2?
How many quarters did Quinn play in?
How many incomplete passes did Anderson have all game?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
how many yards did Kuhn run?
How many yards did Brees complete?
How many yards did Rodgers complete?
How many yards was the first TD run of the game?
How many touchdowns did Kuhn score?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many yards was Brees longest TD pass?
How many 2-point conversions were attempted?
How many field goals did Hartley kick?
Which team scored the least field goals?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest touchdowns?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the first half than in the second?
How many more touchdowns were scored than field goals?
How many more touchdowns did the Saints score in the second half than the Packers?
How long were each of Pierre Thomas' touchdowns?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick in the third quarter?
What was the longest touchdown?
In which quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many field goals Shaun Suisham kick in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins score before halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Suisham kick than Mare?
Which team took the early lead, Eagles or Lions?
How many points did the Eagles lead by during halftime?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest touchdown runs?
What was the most time taken off the clock?
How many points difference between the Eagles and the Lions was there at halftime?
How many interceptions did Shaun Hill have?
How many interceptions did Ellis Hobbs catch?
How many touchdowns did the Lions sore in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the second quarter?
How many screen passes were thrown?
How many yards was LeSean McCoy's longest TD run?
What was Jahvid Best's longest drive?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many ayrds was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Eagles leading by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many drives over 80 yards were there?
How many touchdowns did LeSean McCoy score?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the Eagles longest touchdown run over the longest touchdown pass?
In what quarter did the Bears score touchdowns?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which team won the game?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many total points did Robbie Gould score?
What did the US stop selling to Japan in 1940?
What did Japan attack in the Battle of Shanggao?
How many different metals did the United States embargo against Japan?
How many years passed between the United States renouncing its treaty with japan and the aviation gasoline ban?
Which happened first, the aviation gasoline ban or the first attack on Changsha?
When was the Battle of Shanggao?
When did Japan attempt to take the city of Changsha?
Which happened first, Japan's invasion of Indochina or the US steel embargo against Japan?
Which did the US refuse to trade to Japan first, aviation gasoline or iron?
Which event happened first, the United states emabrgoed iron and steel against Japan or an aviation gasoline ban against the Japanese was made?
How many years after the United States renounced its trade treaty with Japan did Japan launch it's first attack against China?
In what year did the Battle of Shanggao occur?
Which army was not repulsed during Battle of Shanggao, Japanese or Chinese 19th army?
How many times did Japan attempt to take the city of Changsha?
How many field goals did Aikers kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Aikers kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
Were there more touchdowns scored in the first half or second half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many 47-yard field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many more total yards of touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb have than Jason Campbell?
How many total touchdown passing yards Jason Campbell make?
From what same yard line did both kickers kick a field goal in the first half?
How many touchdowns longer than 50 yards were scored in the first half?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the first half?
Who scored the most touchdowns in the first half?
Which kickers scored a field goal longer than 45 yards in the first half?
Who scored the shortest touchdown of the entire game?
How many yards were DeSean Jackson's touchdowns on average?
Who scored earlier, DeSean Jackson or Fred Davis?
From what yard lines were the two shortest touchdowns of the entire game scored?
Who sored the longest touchdown of the first half?
How many years did the Great Famine last?
For how many years was Ireland part of the UK of Britain?
After the Great Famine, Ireland's population was approximately how many people?
How many people left Ireland between 1845 and 1849?
What happened to the population of Ireland between 1849 and 1960?
How many people died or left Ireland during the Great Famine?
During what years was there a constant population decline in Ireland?
How many years did the Irish Great Famine last?
How many years was the island of Ireland part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
How many years did the great famine last?
How many irish either died or emrigrated to the united States?
What happened first, the start of the Act of Union or the Great Famine?
How many years was Ireland part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain for?
How many years did the Great Famine last for?
How many million Irish died of starvation and/or disease?
Did more Irish die of disease or starvation, or did more emigrate?
How many years did the Great Famine last?
How many years was Ireland part of the United Kingdom?
How many years was Ireland part of the United Kingdom?
How many years did the great famine last?
How many millions of people did the population fall by?
How many millions of people did not emigrate to the US?
How many years passed from 1849 did the population continue to drop?
How many years was the island of Ireland part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
How many years did the Great Famine last?
How many years after the the start of the Act of Union did the Great Famine hit?
Which did more people do during the Great Famine, Irish died of starvation/disease or emigrated?
How many more millions of Irish emigrated during the great famine compared to those that died of starvation and/or disease?
How many years did the Great Famine last?
How many years did it take for Ireland's population to fall by 30%?
How many years did the Act of Union last?
For how many years was Ireland part of the UK of Great Britain and Ireland?
How many million people either left Ireland or died of starvation during the Great Famine?
Starting with the emigration from the Great Famine, how many years did the Irish population decrease?
How many touchdowns did Grimble score?
How many touchdowns did Bernard score?
How many touchdowns did Williams score?
How many touchdowns did James score?
How many field goals did Nugent have?
How many total points did the both teams score in the first quarter?
How many touch downs were scored in the first half of the game?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first half by both teams?
How long was Mike Nugent's third field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
Who caught the second touchdown pass?
How many points did the Bengals lose by?
Who had a 25-yard touchdown reception?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
How many field goals were kicked before halftime?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked before halftime?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Ben Roethlisberger have?
How many more yards of touchdowns did Roethlisberger have over Dalton?
How many field goals did Mike Nugent kick between 20 and 30 yards?
How many total interceptions were thrown?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did Washington win by?
Who had the most receiving yards for Washington?
Who was the Giants leading receiver?
How many interceptions were thrown?
How many passing yards were there in the game?
How many points in total were scored in the game?
How many points did the Redskins win by?
What was the score at the beginning of the third quarter?
How many yard total did Eli Manning receive in the game?
How many points did Giants lose by?
How many points in total were scored?
Which quarterback threw for at least 200 yards?
Which team held a points lead all game?
Which team allowed the least points at half time?
Which player led the for the Giants in receiving?
How many people, households, and families resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many more people than households resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many more people than families resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many more households than families resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many people and households resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many people and families resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many households and families resided in the county from the census of 2000?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more households are there than families?
How many percent spoke the  English than Spanish as their first language?
How many more housing units are there than families
How many percent of the population was German  than Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which group from the census is larger: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: German or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or English?
Which group from the census is larger: German or Italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Italian?
Which group from the census is larger: United States or Italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: United States or Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or Irish?
Which group from the census is larger: German or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: German or English?
Which group from the census is larger: Irish or English?
Which group from the census is smaller: Irish or English?
Where there more German people living in the county in 2000 or English people?
How many fewer households were there than people in the census of 2000?
How many fewer families were there than households?
How many more housing units were there in the census of 2000 versus the number of families?
How many more percentage points of the population were German people than Irish people?
How many more percentage points of the population did English people make up than those from the United States?
How many more percent of people spoke English than Spanish in 2000?
Were there more German, Irish, or English people according to the 2000 census?
Which groups are at least 10000 through 35000 in size?
Which groups are between 6000 and 10000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many percent did not speak English?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not Irish?
How many percent were not english?
Which gender populated the city more, males or females?
What area were there more males in, the City of York or the York urban area?
How many more percent of households were married couples living together than one-person households?
How many more percent of households in York were married couples living together than cohabitation couples?
How many more percent of households in York were married couples living together than lone parents?
How many more percent of households in York were one-person households than lone parents?
How many more percent of households in York were one-person households than cohabitation couples?
How many more percent of households in York were cohabitation couples than lone parents?
What household percentage is the highest in York: married couples living together or one-person households?
What households have a larger percentage than cohabitation couples?
What household figures was below the national average: lone parents or married couples?
How many more females were there than males in the York urban area in 2001?
How many more women were there than men in the City of York?
Were there more males or females in the City of York?
Who scored first
Who made the shortest TD pass
How many field goals of 40 yards or more did Dan Carpenter make?
Who threw an interception that was returned for a touchdown?
How many different receivers did Cutler throw a touchdown to?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did  Dan Carpenter make?
How many more field goals did Carpenter make than Prater?
How many field goals of at least 45 yards were made in the game?
How many field goals between 40 and 49 yards were made?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many more field goals did Carpenter kick than Prater?
How many yards were each of Carpenter's field goals?
How many total yards were all the passing touchdowns in the game?
How many more passing touchdowns were there than rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Dan Carpenter score in the first quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Dan Carpenter or Matt Prater?
How many yards longer was Dan Carpenter's second field goal compared to his first?
How many 40+ yard field goals did Dan Carpenter make?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which quarter did neither of the teams score?
Who scored more points, the Browns or the Ravens?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Brown's score in the entire game?
How many touchdown passes did Charlie Frye throw in total?
Which team scored in the first quarter, Ravens or Browns?
How many field goals did Matt Stover score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Stover kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Matt Stover score in the fourth quarter?
How many losses did the Browns have starting this game?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter by the Ravens?
Which team scored the first TD of the first half?
How many TDs did the Browns score in the second quarter?
Which team was leading the game at the end of the third quarter?
Which team was leading the game at final?
Which player caught the shortest TD pass?
How many yards was the shortest fourth quarter field goal?
How many yards was the longest fourth quarter field goal?
How many points did the Lions score last week?
How many games did the Lions play before their bye week?
How many points did the Buccaneers score in the first half?
How many points did the Buccaneers get in the second quarter?
How many points did the Lions have at half?
Which team was losing at halftime
How many games have the Lions lost this year?
Which team lost?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many more field goals did Hanson kick over Bryant?
How many more yards was Hanson's longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many more yards was Garcia's longest TD pass over his shortest one?
How many more yards was Kevin Jones' second TD run over his first one?
In which quarter Hanson did not boot a field goal?
How many yards difference exists between Jason Hanson's longest and shortest field goal? ?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's second field goal over his first one?
Which players made field goals longer than 40 yards?
Which players scored a touchdown by halftime?
How many yards were gained on the two longest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on the two longest passing touchdowns?
How many more yards were gained on rushing touchdowns compared to passing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on rushing and passing touchdowns?
Which kicker made the shortest field goal?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 6 yards?
How many yards longer was the second touchdown compared to the first?
Which players converted field goals over 40 yards long?
Which player scored the longer field goal in the game?
How many combined passing yards did Jeff Garcia have combined on his touchdown passes?
Who scored first
Who got in trouble
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
How many points did Atlanta trail at the start of the second quarter?
How many losses did the Falcons start the game with?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown scored compared to the second touchdown scored?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown scored compared to the first field goal scored?
How many yards did the two longest passing touchdowns measure?
How many touchdowns measured 1 yard long?
How many more yards were scored on the two longest passing touchdowns compared to the two shortest rushing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were longer than 40 yards long?
How many touchdowns scored were shorter than 10 yards long?
How many field goals were shorter than 30 yards long?
How many yards were gained on all successful field goals?
How many more yards were scored on the two longest passing touchdowns when compared to all field goals made?
How many losses did the Falcons come into this game with?
How many dollars was Michael Vick fined after this game?
Which player had the shortest TD pass?
Which team got on the board first?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Which player scored the points of the first half?
Which team scored last in the second half?
How many years had past since 1508 until the French regained the territory they lost?
What year did the French lose their territory?
How many years did the war last?
How many years did the War of the League of Cambrai last?
Which event happened last, the collapse of the League of Cambrai or the Holy League driving the French from Italy?
How many years after the Holy League drove the French from Italy did the French and Venetians regain the territory they lost through victory at Marignano?
For how many years did the War of the Holy League last?
Which Italian State participated in the War of the Holy League?
What Western Europe countries joined the war 1508 to 1516?
How many field goals did Prater have?
In what quarter did the Browns have two field goals?
How many points did Denver receive in the last quarter?
Which team was ahead at the end of the first quarter, Cleveland or Broncos?
How many touchdown runs did the Broncos have in the fourth quarter?
Which team scored the game's first touchdown?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson have in the first quarter?
How many touchdown runs did the Broncos have in the fourth quarter?
How many yards did the browns kick in the first?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos score?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many total points did the Cleveland lead with in the first quarter?
How many is the difference in the number of Romanian officer casualties and soldier casualties?
How many is the difference in the number of Romanian officer casualties and soldiers killed?
How many is the difference in the Number of Romanian officer casualties and officers killed?
How many is the difference in the number of Romanian soldier casualties and soldiers killed?
How many is the difference in the number of Romanian soldier casualties and the number of officers killed?
How many is the difference in the number of Romanian officer casualties and the number of soldiers killed?
How many Romanian officers were killed in the conflict?
How many days did it take the Romanians to capture 1235 Hungarian officers and their soldiers?
What command occur?
How many troops and forces are arrived?
How many total Romanians, in total, were killed during the incursion into Hungary?
How many Romanians in total were reported as missing in action after the incursion into Hungary?
How many non-machine guns were seized by Romainian forces?
Did the Romanians seize more airplanes or rifles?
How many total Hungarian officers and soldiers did the Romanian army capture?
What happened first: 4th Brigade entered Budapest or parade was held?
What happened second: 4th Brigade entered Budapest or parade was held?
How many people were missing in action?
How many were wounded?
What was the final score?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many percent of people as of the 2010 did not consider themselves white?
As of the 2010 census, did more people consider themselves Asian or Native American?
As of the 2010 census, did more people consider themselves black or Asian?
how many percent of the population in 2010 did not consider thsemselves Hispanic or Latino of any race?
How many percent of the population speaks something other than English as the sole language at home?
Are there more residents who speak only Chinese at home or Spanish at home?
How many Chinese languages are included on the census and grouped as one language?
Per 1,000 households in the county, how many are not in same-sex relationships?
How many in percent from the census weren't white?
How many in percent from the census weren't African American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Native American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Asian?
How many in percent from the census weren't Pacific islander?
How many in percent from the census weren't from two or more races?
Which group from the census is larger: White or African American?
Which group from the census is smaller: White or African American?
Which group from the census is larger: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is smaller: Asian or Native American?
Which group from the census is larger: Pacific islander or two or more races?
Which group from the census is smaller: Pacific islander or two or more races?
What race made up the largest portion of the population?
What language is used the least?
What percentage of people speak English?
How many percent of people did not identify themselves as white?
What was the largest race in the 2010 census, Pacific Islander or Native American?
Are there more Chinese speakers or English speakers as of the 2010 census?
What was the largest race in the 2010 census, Pacific Islander or Asian?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent did not speak English at home?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many percent did not speak Chinese?
How many percent are not same-sex partnerships?
How many decades was the number of Jews killed considered to be around 100000?
According to Shaul Stampfer how many percentage of the total Jewish population was killed?
Which historian gives the lowest estimate for loss of Jewish lives?
Which historian indicates that the Jewish lives lost is a minimum of 100000 and could be as high as 500000?
Which event happened first, the publishing of Twenty-Three Centuries of Antisemitism, or the 2003 study by Israeli demographer Shaul Stampfer?
Which was published first, Jews, God, and History or The Anguish of the Jews: Twenty-Three Centuries of Antisemitism?
How many years was Jews, God, and History published before The Anguish of the Jews: Twenty-Three Centuries of Antisemitism?
Which was published later, Jews, God, and History or the Jewish History Atlas?
Which was published first, Jews, God, and History or a study by Israeli demographer Shaul Stampfer?
Which scholar gave the second lowest estimate for the number of Jews killed during the uprising?
How many is the maximum number of Jews that were said by Shaul Stampfer to have been killed in the uprising?
How many is the minimum number of Jewish deaths according to Jarowlaw Pelenski?
How many is the largest estimate of Jews that were killed?
How many of the pieces published estimated at least 100,000 Jews were killed?
Which authors publicized pieces detailing estimates of Jews killed before 1970?
How many points did the Browns score?
Which quarterback threw for three touchdowns?
How many points did Cleveland score in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Bentals score in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many more passing touchdowns were there than running touchdowns?
How many points did Adam Vinatieri score?
How many games have the Colts won?
How many touchdowns did the Browns score in the first half?
How many field goals did the Colts kick?
How many points did the Browns win by?
Who scored the first points for the Browns?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half by both teams?
How many touchdowns did Colt McCoy throw in the first two quarters?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri score?
Which team won the game, Colts or Browns?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Browns winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many wins did the Browns have after the game?
How many more Indians were there than scouts were corralled?
How many days were in between the two attacks?
Who were scouts attacked by
Who rescued Forsyth
Who engaged "hostiles" in an attempt to prevent Indian raids into Texas?
Who built Fort Sill?
How many more Native American Indians were there than white scouts on the sand island?
Which happened first late in the game - the Best touchdown, or the Johnson touchdown?
Which player scored half way through the first quarter?
A two point conversion was attempted after a touchdown by which player?
How many touchdowns did LeSean McCoy score?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown runs did McCoy score?
How many total yards were all of Jahvid Best's touchdowns combined?
How many more touchdowns did Best have than Johnson?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the second half?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many TD's over 45 yards did LeSean McCoy score?
Which player scored for the Lions to put them on the board?
Which team scored first in the second quarter?
Which player had the second shortest TD run?
Which team allowed the most second quarter points?
Which players had touchdown catches over 40 yards in the first half?
Which players for the Eagles had the two longest touchdown runs in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did LeSean McCoy score in the second quarter?
How many yards were each of LeSean McCoy's touchdown runs in the second quarter?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the first half compared to the second longest of the first half?
How many touchdowns under 15 yards were scored in the first half?
Which player scored multiple touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the second shortest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Which team scored fewer touchdowns in the first half?
Which players scored 3 touchdowns?
Who had more yards in touchdown scoring plays, LeSean McCoy or Jahvid Best?
How many yards did Jahvid Best have in touchdown scoring plays?
How many yards longer was LeSean McCoy's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jahvid Best's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many points did the Patriots get on the scoreboard with?
How many points did the Patriots get on their first possession?
Which team lost this game?
Which team got the first field goal, Patriots or Bills?
How many points did the Bill lose by?
How many touch down passes did Rob Gronkowski receive?
How many yards difference was Graham’s fist field goal compared to his last field goal?
Which players intercepted passes thrown by Fitzpatrick?
How many touchdown passes did Brady throw to Gronkowski?
Both teams kicked a field goal of how many yards?
How many yards longer was Graham's first field goal kick than his second?
How many total yards of field goals did Graham make?
Who made two 8-yard touchdown receptions?
From what distance did the Patriots make two touchdown passes?
How long were each of Brady's touchdowns?
Which players intercepted passes thrown by Fitzpatrick?
What all field goals did Graham make?
What all touchdown passes did Rob Gronkowski receive?
How many million is the population of Western Asia expected to increase between 2008 and 2030?
How many predominant languages are spoken in Western Asia?
How many more millions of people are thought to live in Western Asia by year 2030 than in 2008?
How many countries are thought to be the most populated?
What are thought to be the second most populated counties in Western Asia?
How many nationalities are most predominant in Western Asia?
What language do most people speak?
How many smaller communities are there?
How many native minorities are there?
Why are there so many Arabs in that area
How many more millions is the estimate of 2030 than the estimate in 2008?
Who has more people in it, Iraq or Iran?
Who has fewer people, Saudi Arabia or Turkey?
How many more persons will be populating Western Asia by 2030 than in 2008?
How many more people populate Turkey and Iran than Iraq and Saudi Arabia?
Which is less populated, Iraq and Saudi Arabia or Turkey and Iran?
How many main languages exists in Western Asia?
How many native minorities exist in Western Asia?
By how many more millions is the population expected to grow in Western Asia between 2008 and 2030?
How many more percentage points is the growth rate of Western Asia compared to the world average?
In Western Asia, which country has a larger population, Saudi Arabia or Iran?
In Western Asia, which country has a larger population, Iraq or Iran?
What language has a larger population of speakers, Turkish or Kurdish?
How many percent of the worlds population does not live in Western Asia?
By how many millions is the population of Western Asia estimated to grow between 2008 and 2030?
How many percent larger is the annual growth rate in Western Asia than the rest of the world?
How many percent of the worlds population does not live in Western Asia?
At the beginning of the 20th century, how many percent of the worlds population did not live in Western Asia?
Which country has a higher population, Iran or Saudia Arabia?
Which country has a higher population, Iraq or Iran?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings have in the first quarter?
Who returned a block field goal for a touchdown?
Which was more yards, Berrian's touchdown pass or his punt return during the first quarter?
How many yards did Berrian get during the first quarter?
How many players caught touchdowns for the Vikings?
How many touchdowns were scored by Bernard Berrian?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Tarvaris Jackson or Kurt Warner?
How many more TD passes did Jackson throw than Warner?
Which team beat the Lions in week 14?
Which team did not score in the first quarter?
How many wins did the Vikings have after week 14?
How many field goals did Gano kick?
How many passes did Miles Austin score?
How many catches did Williams catch?
How many holding calls did Barron accumulate?
How many touchdowns did Romo throw?
Who made the winning play?
What was the last play
Which player cause the game winning touchdown to be called back?
How many yards longer was Graham Gano's second field goal compared to his first?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards shorter was Graham Gano's first field goal than his last?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first points for the Cowboys?
Which team won the game?
How many total yardage did Collins complete in touchdown passes?
Who did the Titans play in their previous game?
Which team did the packers play in week 9?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which quarter had the longest yard score?
Which team allowed the most points in the first half?
Which team won the game?
How many games had the Titans won coming into this game?
Which quarterback completed the shortest touchdown pass?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the top two longest touchdown passes combined?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Kerry Collins  or Rex Grossman?
How many more touchdown passes did Kerry Collins make over Rex Grossman?
How many total yards did Kerry Collins  throw for touchdown passes?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 4 yards?
Which touchdown passes did Kerry Collins make?
How many yards longer was Kerry Collins 's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 30 yards were made?
How many touchdown passes longer than 5 yards did Kerry Collins throw?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the shortest touchdown pass?
Which player had the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown catch compared to the shortest catch?
In which half did the Titans score more of their touchdowns?
Which quarterback had at least two touchdown passes?
How many wins did the Titans have after the game?
In which quarter did both teams score?
How many years did Lacy rule between the Russo-Swedish War breaking out and his death?
How many cities were captured in the last year of the war?
What happened first, Lacy's victory at Lappeenranta or the capture of Porvoo?
How many years after the Russo-Swedish War started did Lacy due?
How many years before Lacy Sr. died did his son enlist in the Austrian service?
How many territories did Lacy administer?
Who is Franz Moritz von Lacy's father?
How many years after Franz Moritz von Lacy joined the service did his father die?
How many years did the Russo-Swedish War last?
Who was the father of Franz Moritz von Lacy?
Which happened last, the Russo-Swedish War or Lacy dying?
How many areas did Lacy capture by August?
How many areas did Lacy administer during the Russo-Swedish War?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which team scored a safety?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored a safety?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made in the third quarter?
The river drops 164 feet over how many miles?
How many cities does the Lower Fox River flow past towards Lake Michigan?
Which city does the river flow by last, Portage or Montello?
Which river is shorter, the Upper Fox or the Lower Fox?
Where does the Fox river go first, flowing North to South, Montello or Lake Butte des Morts?
How long is the Lower Fox?
How many years did it take for the number of peasant households to increase by 50%?
the number of industrial workers in Russia dropped how many people in 1917?
How many more peasant households were there in 1920 compared to 1918?
How many years was there a decline of 58.7 industrial workers in Russia?
What was the largest decline in Russia?
How much did the number of industrial workers decrease 1917 to 1922?
Who was the oppressors that the parents were asking about?
Between 1918 and 1921-22, how many fewer industrial workers were there?
Between 1917 and 1919, how many fewer people were in the agricultural proletariat?
Between 1918 and 1920, how many more millions of peasant households were there?
In which year did Burma experience its second Mongol invasion?
How many years before the second Mongol invasion of Burma did the three brothers overthrow Kyawswa?
When did Zhengmian become King of Pagan?
How many years passed between Kyawswa becoming king of Pagan and him being overthrown?
How many years passed between Kyawswa becoming king of Pagan and being officially recognized by the Yuan emperor as King of Pagan?
How many years after Kyawswa emerged as king did he submit to the Mongols?
How many years after Kyawswa emerged as king was it until his three brothers overthrew him?
What year did the second Mongol invasion of Burma occur?
How many years after Kyawswa was overthrown did the Mongols abolish the province of Zhengmian?
In what year didi the second Mongol invasion of Burma occur?
How many months after Kyawswa submitted to the Mongtols was he recognized by the Yuan emperor Temür Khan as King of Pagan?
How many years after the Mongols ended the fictional central Burma province of Mianzhong did Kyawswa submit to the Mongols?
How many months after Kyawswa submitted to the Mongols did emperor Temür Khan recognize them as King of Pagan?
How many months after Kyawswa submitted to the Mongols did the three brothers overthrow Kyawswa?
How many years after Kyawswa emerged as king of Pagan did the Mongols abolished the province of Zhengmian?
What was the winning scored?
What was the losing total of points?
How many total points were scored?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How many points did the Giants have at final?
How many points did the Giants get on the board with?
How many points did the Jaguars score in the first half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
How many second half field goals did Scobie kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who had the longest reception of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many incomplete passes did Garrard throw?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How long was the longest reception?
Who scored the second touchdown?
who scored first?
how many points did the eagles score?
who scored last?
John of Aragon and Castile was born how many years after Isabella and Ferdinand give their first exculpation to the Marquis of Cadiz?
How many years did these events span for?
How many months passed between Isabella's troops capturing the castle of Toro and Isabella arriving in Seville?
What event happened first, Isabella arriving in Seville or Isabella and Ferdinand giving their first exculpation to the Marquis of Cadiz?
Which event happened first, Isabella's troops laying siege to the fortress at Utrera or Isabella arriving in Seville?
How many months after Isabella's troops conquered the fortress at Utrera was the first son of John of Aragon and Castile born in Seville?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the second half?
How many quarterbacks played for the Bears?
How many catches did Nicks have?
How many second half touchdowns did the Giants have?
How many different quarterbacks did the Bears use?
How many consecutive games have the Cardinals lost?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many years passed between the establishment of diplomatic relations and the opening of the first embassy?
How many years passed between the opening of the Greek embassy in Kazakhstan and the opening of the Kazakhstan embassy in Athens?
How many years had passed between the opening of a Greek embassy in Almaty and the opening of a Kazakh embassy in Athens?
What happened first: established diplomatic relations or opened an embassy in Almaty?
What happened second: established diplomatic relations or opened an embassy in Almaty?
How many years between the establishment of diplomatic relations and the opening of an embassy in Almaty?
How many years after Greece and Kazakhstan established diplomatic relations did Greece open an embassy in Almaty?
How many years after the Greeks opened an embassy in Almaty did Kazakhstan open an embassy in Athens?
How many years after Greece and Kazakhstan establish diplomatic relations did Kazakhstan open an embassy in Athens?
How many years passed between Greece opening their embassy in Almaty and Kazakhstan opening theirs in Athens?
How many years passed between the beginning of diplomatic relations between Greece and Kazakhstan and the first opening an embassy  in the other's country?
What country did Kazakhstan place an embassy in 2005?
How many years passed between Greece and Kazakhstan establishing diplomatic relations and Greece opening their embassy?
How many years passed between Greece and Kazakhstan establishing diplomatic relations and Kazakhstan opening an embassy in Athens?
How many years passed between Greece opening an embassy in Almaty and Kazakhstan opening an embassy in Athens?
How many years after Kazakhstan had an honorary consulate in Athens was the embassy opened?
How many ships were sunk in the strike?
How many ships were only crippled during the strike?
What date was the first strike wave ordered by Mitscher?
What ships had been sunk by the end of the attack on 26 October?
How many of the sunken ships were light carriers?
Which Northern Force ships were sunk by the U.S. air strikes?
Which Northern Force ships were heavily damaged, but not sunk, by the U.S. air strikes?
How many Northern Force light carriers were damaged or destroyed by the U.S. air strikes?
Which Northern Force light carriers were damaged or destroyed by the U.S. air strikes?
How many U.S. ships were damaged on 25 October?
Who commanded the TF 38 first, Halsey or Mitscher?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team led at halftime?
How many points did the Bears score in the second half?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which player had an interception?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the Bears score in the 2nd half?
Who threw an interception to Tracy Porter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Texans score in the game?
How many points did the Bears lose by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did Houston win by?
How many points did Houston trail by at halftime?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
What was the original name of the VHS Teletype Society?
Who participated in the first two-way amateur radioteletype Q code of record?
Who participated in the first American transcontinental two-way RTTY QSO?
How many times was Part 12 of the Regulations amended?
Which two cities in New York were the participants of the first two-way amateur radio teletype Q code of record from?
Under what condition were operators expected to repeat their call signs in ten minute intervals?
How many years after the first Part 12 of the Regulations was amended was it amended once again?
How many interceptions did Donte Whitner get?
What team had the most touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes did Trent Edwards complete?
Who won against the Bills before this game?
What team hosted this game?
In which quarter were no points scored?
When did the Buccaneers score the first time?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals of over 40 yards were made?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
Which player scored the first touchdown for Tampa Bay?
Which player had the longest touchdown play?
How many of Leftwich's 3 touchdown passes were over 7 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the fifth longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Leftwich complete in total?
How many touchdown passes did Edwards complete in total?
How many months was it between when the ships set said for Jamestown and when Somers died?
How many is the difference between the number of the age of Summers at his death and the number of surviving castaways on board?
How many is the difference in the number of surviving castaways on board and the number of settlers who survived?
How many is the difference between the number of the age of Summers at his death and the number of settlers who survived?
How many months after the arrival of the relief feet, did Somer die?
How many people died after setting sail for Jamestown?
What may have inspired The Tempest?
Where did Somers go to collect more food?
How many small ships did Somers and Sir Thomas Gates build?
What year did Somers and his company land on Bermuda?
How many settlers died after arriving in Jamestown?
How many months after the ships set sail for Jamestown was a relief fleet sent, commanded by Lord Delaware?
What year was Somers born in?
What part of Somers body was left in Bermuda?
Which team scored the most, Eagles or Falcons?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Kevin Kolb throw for touchdowns?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Kolb?
How many yards was the second-longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest TD pass of the entire game?
Who threw the second longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the third longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the fourth longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the fifth longest TD pass of the game?
How many TD passes did Kolb make in the first half?
How many TD passes did Ryan make in the first half?
How many TD passes did Kolb make in the second half?
How many TD passes did Ryan make in the second half?
How many TD passes did Kolb make in total?
How many TD passes did Ryan make in total?
How many yards longer was Aikers' field goal than Bryant's?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the three shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards are the three shortest touchdown passes combined?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Kevin Kolb or Matt Ryan?
Which touchdown passes did Kevin Kolb make?
How many total yards did Kevin Kolb throw for touchdown passes?
How many more touchdown passes did Kevin Kolb make over Matt Ryan?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than5 yards?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards shorter was Kevin Kolb's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards more was Maclin's longest touchdown catch compared to his shortest?
Who had fewer total touchdown yards Gonzalez or Maclin?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were there greater than 30 yards?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns did Jackson score in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught a 1-yard touchdown reception?
How long was the touchdown drive for the Lions in the fourth quarter?
How many quarters did the Lions go without scoring a touchdown?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught the second touchdown?
Who threw the first touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Which team scored fewer points for the game?
What was the shortest play
How many points did the winning team win by
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points was Chicago winning by at the end of the first quarter?
Which player had at least two touchdowns?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Robbie Gould?
How many more field goals did Matt Prater make over Robbie Gould?
Which field goals did Matt Prater make?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many yards shorter was Matt Prater's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Prater kick?
Which player scored the shortest field goal?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Matt Prater score?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many field goal kicks were 40 yards or longer?
How many field goal kicks did Prater make over 30 yards long?
How many total yards in field goals did Matt Prater kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
Which player scored two touchdown runs that were the same amount of yards?
How many total yards did Joique Bell make in touchdown runs?
How many yards did Alshon Jeffery gain on his first two touchdown catches?
How many more yards were gained on the first Matt Prater field goal relative to the first two touchdowns?
What was the first touchdown scored by the Lions?
What was the first touchdown scored by the Bears?
How many yards do the Lions first field goal and their first touchdown add up to?
How many yards do the Lions' first two touchdowns combine for?
How many yards do the Bears' first two touchdowns combine for?
How many more yards do the Lions' first two touchdowns combine for relative to the Bears' first two touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on the first field goal from each team when combined?
What was the second field goal scored by the Lions'?
What was the first field goal scored by the Bears?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were there?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
How many yards longer was Johnson's first touchdown catch compared with his second?
How many total touchdown yards did Jeffery have?
Which player had more touchdown yards, Jeffery or Johnson?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards, Cutler or Stafford?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were there?
How many yards shorter was  Prater's second field goal compared with his first?
In which quarter were no field goals scored?
Which was the only quarter that both teams scored?
Which player had more touchdown yards, Jeffery or Johnson?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored the two longest touchdowns?
How many field goals 40 yards or longer were made?
How many yards fewer was Prater's last field goal compared to his first?
How many total touchdown yards did Jeffery and Johnson have combined?
How many so-called knights were there?
How many Arab troops were there?
How many men altogether was Saladin thought to have in 1181?
Which nation had more troops, the Turkish or the Arab?
Who had the largest number of people?
Who had the smallest number of people?
How many more ghulams were there then of qaraghulams
Were there more turkish or arab troops?
How many soldiers and residents in total defended the capital of Livonia?
Which happened first, the Swedes captured the fortress of Dunamunde, or the Swedes besieged Riga?
How many years was the truce signed in 1623 prolonged for?
How many months after Radziwiłł recaptured Mitau did it take him to seize its castle?
How many years was the Swedish-Lithuanian truce extended in 1623?
How many infantry and cavalry did Gustav Adolf have?
How many more infantry did Gustav Adolf have compared to cavalry?
How many combined soldiers and armed residents was the capital of Livonia defended by?
How many years was the prolongation of the truce from 1623 to 1625?
How many more 3,150 calvary than 1500 soldiers?
Which force was Gustuv Adolf largest group, 14,700 infantry or 3150 calvary?
How many more 14,700 infantry did Gustav Adolf have than 3,150 cavalry?
How many men did Livonia have combined with 300 soldiers and 3,700 armed residents?
How many total infantry, cavalry and cannons did Gustav Adolf have?
How many days after a Swedish army landed near Pärnu did the Swedes besiege Riga?
Which did the Swedes capture first, Riga or the fortress of Dunamunde?
How many days after the Swedes besieged besiege Riga did it capitulate?
How many years after both sides signed a truce was it prolonged?
How many months after the Swedes captured the fortress of Dunamunde did they capture Valmiera?
How many years after the droughts were there more than 100 peasant uprisings?
How much have the output of mines drop compared to pre world war 1?
How many droughts were there in Russia?
Which event took place first, the Bolsheviks winning the Russian Civil War or the droughts of 1920 and 1921?
How many wars contributed to the Bolshevik economy starting to collapse?
How many consecutive years was there a drought in Russia?
What happened first, the first Russian Drought or the Russian famine?
How many wars caused the Bolshevik economy to suffer?
Which fell to a lower point of production, cotton or iron?
How many years of droughts did Russia experience?
How many more percent of production of  cotton fell than iron of the pre-level war?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many more yards was John Kasay's second field goal over his first?
How many more yards was Matt Ryan's first touchdown pass over his second?
How many more yards was Matt Ryan's first touchdown pass over his third?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdowns?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was Matt Ryan's longest touchdown pass over Jake Delhomme's only touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the first field goal?
What quarter was the only field goal under 40 yards made in?
What position does Michael Turner play?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay kick?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Matt Ryan or Jake Delhomme?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards shorter was Matt Ryan's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many points was the former before the third quarter?
How many points was the latter before the third quarter?
Who did the Bears lose to the previous week?
Which team scored first?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were missed in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many goals did each kicker make?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first passing touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Gould make in the game?
Who made more field goals, Gould or Brown?
How many touchdowns between 15 and 40 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many incomplete passes did Grossman throw?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were made in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more were made in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Jets score in the third quarter?
How many points did the Jets give up in the third quarter?
In which quarter did Cincinnati score three touchdowns?
How many points were the Jets winning by at the half?
At the end of the game how many points did the Jets loose by?
How many points did Cincinnati score in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Jets score in the fourth quarter?
how many yards did Pennington pass?
how many yards did Joseph run?
How many more points did Cincinnati score than the Jets?
By how many points were the Jets ahead at the end of the first half?
Who scored more points, Jets or Cincinnati?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 4th quarter?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Jets lose the game by?
Which player intercepted a pass?
How many turnovers did Chad Pennington have in the fourth quarter?
How many more interceptions did Cutler throw coming into this game versus touchdowns?
Who came in for Cutler?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Green Bay win by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players scored on touchdown passes of 40 yards or longer?
How many more points were scored in the first half than the second?
How many more yards was Aaron Rodger second touchdown over his first?
How many touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers throw before halftime?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers have before halftime?
How many touchdowns between 30 and 60 were scored between halftime?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown before halftime?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
What happened first, the 10th Calvary 1944 deactivation or  its 1958 reactivation?
How many wars did the 10th Calvary Regiment serve in?
How many conflicts did portion of regiment serve in?
What wars did the 10th Cavalry servie in?
How many years was the 10th Cavalry deactivated before its reactivation in 1958?
How many wars did the 10th Calvary serve in a combat for?
How many years did the 10th Calvary stay deactivated for after 1944?
How many wards did the 10th Cavalry serve in?
How many years did the 10th Cavalry remain deactivated?
How many squadrons from the 10th Cavalry are still in active service?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Manning throw?
Who caught the games longest TD pass?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos get on the board with?
How many points did the Texans get on their first score?
How many field goals were there in the first quarter?
Which team kicked a longer field goal in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos have at halftime?
How many points did the Texans have at the half?
What all touchdown passes did Manning make?
Who all caught touchdown passes from Manning?
How many yards difference was Mannings touchdown pass to Demaryius Thomas compared to Julius Thomas?
Which team kicked the longer field goal during the first quarter?
In which quarters did each team score field goals?
How many total yards did Prater have?
Which kicker had more yards, Prater or Bullock?
How many touchdown passes did Manning have?
How many yards was Manning's second shortest touchdown pass?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Manning have?
Which receiver had at least two touchdown receptions?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first quarter compared to the shortest?
How many yards were gained on touchdowns that were shorter than 15 yards?
What was the second longest touchdown?
What was the longest touchdown?
What was the longest touchdown when only touchdowns shorter than 25 yards are counted?
How many yards were gained on the two longest touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the second longest?
What was the second longest field goal?
What was the second shortest field goal?
How many yards were gained off of the two longest field goals?
How many yards short was the second longest field goal compared to the longest?
What are field goals did Randy Bullock make?
How many touchdowns did Nelson have?
How many touchdowns did Adams have?
How many touchdowns did Lacy have?
How many field goals did Walsh have?
How many yards was Rodger's longest pass?
How many touchdown passes did Rodger's throw in the first half?
How many interceptions did the Packers get?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many points total did the Vikings score?
In what quarter did the Vikings score first?
Which quarterback threw more touchdown passes?
Who scored games first touchdown?
Which player both caught and ran for a touchdown?
How many points were the Texans ahead by at the half?
who scored first?
who scored last?
how many points did the texans beat the titans by?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
Who scored more points in the first half, Texans or Titans?
Who scored more points in the game, Texans or Titans?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more field goals did Bullock kick than Brinkley?
In which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How long were each of Bullock's field goals?
How long were each of Foster's touchdowns?
What happened first, Cumberland resigning from the Army, or Charles dying in Rome?
How many years after Charles father died did Charles die?
How many years after visiting London, did Charles meet with French Chief Minister de Choiseul?
What happened first: Cumberland resigned from the Army or died of a stroke?
What happened second: Cumberland resigned from the Army or died of a stroke?
How many years passed between Cumberland's resignation and his death?
How many years went by between his secret visit to London and his meeting with French Chief Minister de Choiseul?
How was James related to Pope Clement XIII?
Who tried to get Pope Clement XIII to recognize Charles III?
How many years after resigning fromthe Army did Cumberland die?
What happened first, the Rebellion of the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
How many years after Henry Stuart entered the Catholic Church was the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle signed?
How many years after Charles made a secret visit to London did he meet with French Chief Minister de Choiseul?
Which happened first, Charles secret visit to London or his meeting with French Chief Minister de Choiseul?
How many years was it after Cumberland's resgination from the Army before he died?
How many years was it between the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle and Cumberland's resignation from the Army?
Who was Charles' father?
How many years after the Stuart's were barred from France did Charles meet with French Chief Minister de Choiseul?
Who was Henry's father?
How many years did Cumberland survive for after he had resigned from the army?
After his father James died and Pope Clement XIII refused to recognise him as Charles III, where had Charles never visited ever again?
Which team had previously played the Bears?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team led at halftime?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
Which quarter were there two field goals kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt?
How many passing touchdowns registered at 20-yards or less?
How many yards were accumulated across all passing touchdowns?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest touchdown pass?
Which position had the longer touchdown reception?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals measured between 15-yards and 25-yards in length?
How many yards were accumulated on field goals measuring shorter than 25-yards in length?
How many field goals kicked measured longer than 25-yards in length?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the shortest and longest field goals?
How many more field goals did Tynes make than Akers?
How many yards total were the first Eagles touchdown and the first Giants touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many total yards were kicked in the first half?
Which quarters had at least two field goals successfully kicked?
Were more total yards kicked by field goal in the second quarter or the third quarter?
How many more points were earned by field goal kicks in the third quarter than in the second quarter?
Which player scored the most field goal kicks in the game?
How many more field goal kicks did Lawence Tynes make than David Akers did?
Who had more total successful yards, Lawrence Tynes or David Akers?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Who scored the longer field goal, Lawrence Tynes or David Akers?
Who scored both of the shortest two field goals?
Who had the longer TD pass, McNabb or Manning?
Who was the only player that attempted a field goal and didn't make it?
Which two players were responsible for the only score of the first quarter?
How many more points did Tampa Bay have at halftime?
How many points did the giants have at the end of the game?
Which team led at halftime?
Which team allowed the least points at halftime?
Which team allowed the most points at the final?
How many points did Giants trail by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
What happened first, the New Englanders launching an aggressive campaign, or 200 rangers being let to Norridgewock?
How many people were killed in the opening moments of battle?
What position did Johnson Harmon hold?
How many Abenakis did not flee and instead stayed to fight?
Who made up more troops, rangers or Abenakis?
How many more rangers were there than Abenakis?
How many more Abenakis fled rather than fought?
Of the Abenakis who fought, did more live or die?
How many more Abenakis chose to flee rather than fight?
Who had more casualties, the Colonists or the Abenakis?
Who had less casualties, the Colonists or the Abenakis?
How many villages did those who escaped move to?
How many rivers did the New Englanders launch a campaign up?
How many more rangers were there than Abenakis?
How many more rangers were there compared to Abenakis?
How many Abenakis fled instead of choosing to fight?
How many more women and children were killed compared to the Colonists' casualties?
How many more rangers were there than Abenaki's on August 22, 1724 when Moulton and Harmon went to kill Father Rale and destroy the settlement?
How many died in all on the Colonists side?
Who lost against the Vikings before Week 13?
Who does Chester Taylor play for?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings have?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Adrian Peterson score?
How many yards longer was Adrian Peterson's longest touchdown run than his shortest run?
Were more yards earned by field goal kicks or touchdown passes?
In which quarter did Peterson travel the most yards in a touchdown run?
How many more yards did Peterson run in the first half than he did in the second half?
Who won the previous game, the Giants or the Vikings?
How many yards were the TD runs combined for both teams in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was the longest TD pass than the shortest in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns for the Vikings in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was Peterson's first TD run than his second?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many years was it between when the siege of Meaux began and when the town fell?
How many years was it between when the siege of Meaux began and when Henry died?
How many years was it between when teh siege of Meaux began and when Charles VI of France died?
Where did Henry and his family regroup after the siege?
How many years did the siege of the Dauphin-held town of Meaux last?
What happened first: the siege of the Dauphin-held town of Meaux or Charles VI dieing?
What happened second: the siege of the Dauphin-held town of Meaux or Charles VI dieing?
How many days did the town hold before falling under the siege?
How many children did Henry V have?
How many months after the siege ended did Henry V die?
Where did Henry V go first, Paris, or Senlis?
Which places did Henry V stay just prior to his death?
How many years after his attack on Meaux did Henry V die?
Who died first, Henry V or Charles VI?
Who controlled France after Henry V died?
Who succeeded Henry V as king?
Who did the English fight at the Battle of Verneuil?
Which two battles did archers play a central role in for the English?
Who died first, Henry or Charles VI?
How many people were granted responsibility for English France after Henry V's passing?
Who lost the Battle of Berneuil, France or the English?
How many sacks did the Packers have?
Which team won the game?
How many sacks did Green Bay have?
Which player had the most sacks?
How many years did it take from the beginning of the Sarmatians' migration until their greatest reported extent?
Which event happened first, the Sarmatians' westward migration, or the domination of the Scythians?
How many centuries did the Sarmatians' flourish?
Which happened first the westward migration or the Sarmatians dominating the Scythians?
Which group revered the god of nature?
How many centuries did the Sarmatians flourish?
How many centuries approximately did the Sarmatians flourish?
Who did the Scythians venerate?
How many centuries did the Sarmatians flourish?
How many centuries after the Sarmatians started their westward migration did they come to dominate the closely related Scythians?
How many months after Louis declared war did Frederick do the same?
How many people declared war?
How many demands were there?
Approximatley how many months of war passed before the dutch sent a peace offer?
In which year did the Dutch have their most impressive ships?
What event happened first,the Dutch created a strong anti-English alliance or the Dutch had rebuilt their fleet with much heavier ships?
How many years between Dutch had built their ships and thiry possess more cannons?
Which person was a French nobleman messenger, Henri Buat or De Witt?
Which happened first, Charles promised to pay £200,000 in "indemnities" or Von Galen made peace with with the Republic at Cleves?
Who did the Dutch threaten to ally with in 1666, the English or the French?
Which country leaders declared war?
How many ships possessed more cannons than any Dutch ship in early 1665?
How many points did the Chicago Bears lose by?
Who scored more points, Green Bay Packers or Detroit Lions?
How many points did the Giants lose by?
How many carveries' headquarters were relocated?
Which carveries headquarters were relocated?
How many years did Fort Concho house many different Cavalry companies?
How many reasons did Regimental want to be in Texas?
What did the Regimental want to do with the Indians?
How many more miles of new roads were made than telegraph lines?
How many cavalries were transferred to Fort Concho on 17 April 1875?
How many different Cavalries and Infantries did Fort Concho house between 1873 through 1885?
How many at a minimum more miles of new roads than telegraph lines did the 10th scout?
How many at a minimum more miles of uncharted terrain than telegraph lines did the 10th scout?
How many at a minimum more miles of uncharted terrain than new roads did the 10th scout?
How many percents of the population is 18 years or older?
How many percents of the population is 18 to 44?
Which gender had more population in the county, females or males?
Where there more males or females in the county?
Were there more people under the age of 18 or aged 18 to 24?
How many percent more of people were aged from 25 to 44 than were aged 45 to 64?
Which age group had the smallest percentage of people?
What age group had the lowest percentage of the counties population?
What age group was the second largest percentage of the counties population?
How many more males per 100 females were there then males per 100 females age 18 and over?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 45 to 64?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which groups in percent are larger than 21%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Did the county have more males or females?
The Browns took how many yards on the opening kickoff?
Early in the fourth quarter, the Patriots marched how many yards in 11 plays?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Patriots lose the game by?
Which team threw the longest touchdown pass in the game?
Who ran the last play of the game for touchdown pass?
Which team lost the game?
What was the first score of the game?
How many yards was the game's longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the game?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more did Kris Brown make?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw for 45 yards or more?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
Who caught the second longest touchdown reception?
Which players had rushing touchdowns of longer than 1 yard?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards did Philip Rivers throw for touchdowns?
What all touchdowns did Vince Young make?
What all touchdowns did Philip Rivers make?
Which players made field goals longer than 30-yards?
Which players made touchdown runs longer than 5-yards?
which player scored the first receiving touchdown?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were kicked in the second half?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many total field goals were scored in the game?
How many total combined yards were Mason Crosby's three second quarter field goals?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's longest  second quarter field goal?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's shortest  second quarter field goal?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's longest second quarter field goal over his second longest?
How many more percent of people claimed Irish ancestry than English ancestry?
Which ancestry had more decendents in the census of 2000, the Germans or Italians?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which group from the census is larger: irish or german?
Which group from the census is smaller: irish or german?
Which group from the census is larger: irish or english?
Which group from the census is smaller: irish or english?
Which group from the census is larger: irish or italian?
Which group from the census is smaller: irish or italian?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which ancestry groups each made up over 10% of the population?
How many races each made up no more than 10% of the population?
How many ancestry groups each made up more than 10% of the population but no more than 15%?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 13%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: German or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: German or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
How many percent less was the second most prevalent race than the most prevalent?
How many percent of the population identified as either Irish or German?
Were there more German and Irish or Italians and Americans?
How many percent more of the population were German or Irish than American or Italian?
Where there more households or housing units?
How many more households were there compared to families?
Were there a larger percentage of Irish people or English people?
Was there a smaller percentage of Italian people or German people?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which groups are at least 26000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 12%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: german or english?
Which ancestral group is smaller: german or english?
Which ancestral group is larger: german or American?
Which ancestral group is smaller: german or American?
Which ancestral group is larger: german or italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: german or italian?
How many more people were there than number of households?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 12.5%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: german or english?
Which ancestral group is smaller: german or english?
Which ancestral group is larger: german or italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: german or italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: english or italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: english or italian?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked in the game?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Who made the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns did Chris Johnson run for?
Who threw a 5 yard touchdown pass?
How many incompletions did Matt Ryan throw to start the game?
Who is the quarterback for the Bucs?
How many points got the Bucs on the board?
what was the longest TD?
what was the longest field goal?
who kicked the longest field goal?
who did the longest TD run?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which group had more men the Sikhs or the Egyptians from Sollum?
How many days after their November 10 arrival did the RFC began operations?
Which event happend first, Sidi Barrani repulsed an attack, or Siks withdrawing the garrison from Sollum?
Which event happend first, Sidi Barrani retreating to Matruh, or Sidi Barrani repulsed an attack?
Did the Egyptian coastguard at Senussi have fewer members or camels?
How many more camels were there compared to members of the Egyptian coastguard at Senussi?
How many days after the Western Frontier Force had arrived, did operations begin?
What happened first, he garrison repulsed an attack or arriving at Matruh?
What all places did the Western Frontier Force get some of their equipment from?
How many more camels than members did the Egyptian coastguard have?
How many days after the Western Frontier Force arrived, did operations begin?
How many points did the Cowboys win over the Buccaneers?
Which player threw 306 yards?
How many field goals did Vanderjagt miss?
How many field goals did Vanderjagt make?
Who was the last Dallas quarterback to throw for five touchdowns?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many field goals did Vanderjagt attempt on the season?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys throw for?
How many field goals had Mike Vanderjagt missed this season?
How many yards of touchdowns were ran in?
How many more yards of touchdowns were thrown as opposed to ran in?
How many first-half touchdowns were there?
How many field goals were there?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many field goals were kicked over 30 yards?
How many field goals were kicked under 26 yards?
How many field goals were scored in the 4th quarter?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player scored the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards total is the two longest field goals combined?
How many total field goal yards did Nick Folk kick?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 50 yards?
Which field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many yards shorter was Nick Folk's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players made touchdown passes over 10 yards?
How many field goals between 25 and 50 yards were made?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did John Kasay kick?
How many yards difference is there between the top two longest field goals?
Which players made at least two field goals?
What two players kicked field goals in the fourth quarter?
How many yards were the fourth quarter field goals?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Kasay kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Kasay kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Kasay kick in the second half?
Who scored the Patriots touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw?
Which player scored the last points?
How many interceptions did Troy Polamalu have?
How many field goals were missed in the game?
How many yards did Reed get to gain the lead?
How many yards did Gostkowskie get to extend a 10 point lead?
How many points did the Steelers win?
How many interceptions did Matt Cassel throw?
How many total interceptions were there in the game?
How many field goals were kicked from under 25 yards?
How many field goals were attempted from over 35 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Reed succeed at?
How many more penalties did the Steelers have than the Patriots?
How many penalties did Ike Taylor get?
How many months after being elected as an MP was Marios Garoyian appointed the party's President?
What happened last, the election of Demetris Christofias as President, or Garoyian becoming Speaker of the House of Representatives?
How many years did Marios Garoyian serve as Speaker of the House of Representatives?
How many months after becoming MP did Marios Garoyian then become party's President?
How many different positions did Marios Gayorian hold in his lifetime?
Which years was Marios Garoyian elected MP?
What happened first the dismantling of the monastery or the death of a Panchen Lama?
About how many years after the original monastery being dismantled was parts of new one opened as a tourist attraction?
How many minimum total monks and Tantric colleges were there in Tashi Lhumpo's hayday?
How many countries during the 1960's did senior lamas and monastics help re-establish new monasteries in?
How many years after a new campus of Tashi Lhunpo Monastery was built by Tibetan exiles did it open to the public as an important tourist attraction in Tibet today?
How many years after the Tashi Lhunpo monastery was dismantled was a new campus of Tashi Lhunpo Monastery built?
How many field goals did the Cardinals have during the first half?
Which team scored last?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Bears score in the second half?
Which quarterback had more turnovers, Grossman or Leinart?
How many points did Sebastian Janikowski miss?
What team scored first?
How many points had both teams made  at half time?
How many field goals did Janikowski attempt?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski miss?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards were the longest and shortest touchdowns combined?
How many more field goals did Janikowski kick than Feely?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the second longest?
Which players scored 2-yard touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Derek Anderson's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
How many yards of successful field goals did  Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yards were Sebastian Janikowski's field goals on average?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Jay Feely?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make than Jay Feely?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than Jay Feely's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Derek Anderson make?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Bruce Gradkowski have than Derek Anderson?
How many yards longer was Derek Anderson's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
how many yards did howling run to the endzone?
how many yards did gradkowski complete?
how many yards did janikowski make?
How many wins did the Steelers have going into the game?
How many field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many total yards were the field goals made by Jeff Reed?
How many yards difference exists between Jeff Reed's longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals of less than 30 yards were kicked?
How many more yards was Willie Parker's touchdown over Matt Spaeth's?
What players kicked field goals?
What all field goals did Jeff Reed make?
How many yards difference was Jeff Reed’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Jeff Reed’s first field goal compared to his third?
How many yards difference was Jeff Reed’s second field goal compared to his third?
Which team got the first touchdown of the game?
How many TD passes did Cutler throw in the 4th quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team  scored during the first quarter?
Whose touchdown was shorter in the first quarter, Stokley's or Henry's?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Rams ahead by?
How many touchdowns did Winston pass
Who threw for the most passing yards?
How many games had the Cowboys won before this game?
How many games did the Cowboys lose before this one?
How many points did they lose the game boy?
How many wins in a row did the Cowboys have coming into this game?
How many times did the Cowboys turn the ball over?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did  the Giants win by?
In what period did the Cowboys score their only points in the game?
Which team recovered the most turnovers of the game?
How many fumbles were in the game?
Which team held the lead at the end of the 3rd quarter?
How many field goals did the Patriots make in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos score in overtime?
How many points did the Bronco's score in the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker made more field goals?
Which QB had more touchdown passes?
How many more touchdown passes did Brady have than Manning?
Who caught the longest TD pass?
How many touchdowns did Flacco score in the second quarter?
Who made the longest field goal?
Which team scored the second field goal?
How many points did the Browns score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes in the first half?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Justin Tucker make?
Which team won the game?
How many losses did the Lions have after the game?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which team scored more during the second quarter?
How many touchdowns for 1 yard did Rhodes have?
Which team kicked more field goals?
Which players had 1 yard touchdowns?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Hanson's longest field goal compared with his shortest?
How many yards was the second longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the game?
Which player scored first for Detroit?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which team scored more points in the second quarter?
who is the chargers quarterback?
who lead the game in the first quarter?
who is the Chiefs' quarterback?
How many points did the charges score in the fourth quarter?
Which quarterback had the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did tight ends catch?
Which player had the longest score of the game?
Which running back had the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns of at least 50 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many touchdowns did Gus Frerotte throw in the game?
What was the longest touchdown play?
How many total yards did Gus Frerotte throw for touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
how many yards did Tynes nail?
how many yards did kitna pass?
how many yards did did manning pass to jacobs?
how many yards did hanson get?
how many yards did Tynes kick?
How many yards was the longest first half touchdown pass?
How many passing attempts did Brees have?
Which player had three interceptions in this game?
How many total rushing yards did Bush have on his two rushing touchdowns?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
Who scored first?
By how many points did the bears win?
Who caught Luck's first touchdown?
Which team scored first?
How many points ahead were the Bears ahead a halftime?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who had the first rushing touchdown?
From what distance did Michael Bush have two touchdown runs?
How many total 4points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many yards was Robbie Gould's shortest field goal?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs did Michael Bush have in the first half?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's first field goal kick than his second?
Which player had the longest touchdown run of the second half?
Who made the winning play?
Who put them in the lead?
How many field goals did Jay Feely score in the game?
How many yards was the longest drive in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game that was under 40 yards?
How many field goals in total were missed in the game?
Who threw for the most yards, Manning or Brunell?
Who caught the longest completion in the game?
How many more field goals did the Giants score than Washington?
How many plays did the longest drive in the game have?
How many passes did Plaxico Burress catch?
How many more field goals did Feely make than Hall?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between Feely's missed field goal and Hall's missed field goal?
How many yards were each of the missed field goals in the game?
How many more field goals did Feely kick than Hall?
How many more yards was Feely's longest field goal than Hall's longest one?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Feely kick?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game against the Bengals?
How many points did the Bengals have at halftime?
How many touchdown passes did Schaub throw against the Bengals?
How many more touchdowns than field goals were scored in this game?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play of the game?
how many yards did graham get?
how many yards did schaub complete?
how many yards did graham nail in a field goal?
how many yards did slaton run?
how many yards did jones return?
how many yards did jones return punt?
how many yards did graham get?
how many yards did schaub complete?
how many yards did graham nail to close out the half?
how many yards did schaub complete first?
how many yards did schaub pass to walter?
how many yards did slaton get?
Who is the smallest export partner?
Are imports or exports higher in dollar amounts?
How many more billions of dollars in exports are there compared to imports?
How many more billions of dollars are there in Foreign Direct Investment than Czech Investment Abroad?
How many more percentage points does Germany have than Poland?
How many more billions of dollars are there in Reserves than in Czech Investment Abroad?
How many in percent of export partners weren't Germany?
How many in percent of export partners weren't Slovakia?
How many in percent of export partners weren't Poland?
How many in percent of export partners weren't UK?
How many in percent of export partners weren't France?
How many in percent of export partners weren't Italy?
Which group in percent of export partners is larger: Germany or Slovakia?
Which group in percent of export partners is smaller: Germany or Slovakia?
Which group in percent of export partners is larger: Poland or UK?
Which group in percent of export partners is larger: France or Italy?
Which group in percent of export partners is smaller: France or Italy?
How many in percent for import partners weren't Germany?
How many in percent for import partners weren't Poland?
How many in percent for import partners weren't China?
How many in percent for import partners weren't Slovakia?
How many in percent for import partners weren't Netherlands?
How many in percent for import partners weren't Italy?
What important partner is larger: Germany or Poland?
What important partner is smaller: Germany or Poland?
What important partner is larger: Poland or China?
What important partner is smaller: Poland or China?
What important partner is smaller: China or Slovakia?
What important partner is smaller: China or Netherlands?
Which country has the largest exports, Italy or Austria?
How many more billions in investments than reserves?
How many more percentage of exports does  Germany have than Poland?
How many more billions in export than import?
How many more percentage does Germany have in exports than imports?
How many more imports does Slovakia have than Netherlands?
how many yards did miller pass for the lead?
how many yards did Le'Veon Bell run?
how was the first quarter?
who scored last?
how many points was the difference in the teams scores?
what was the last play of the game?
Which QB threw the longest touchdown pass of the second quarter?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown of the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many rushing touchdowns of at least 20 yards were scored?
How many points did Steelers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Bengals trail with by halftime?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were the Bengals winning by at the end of the first half?
How many points did the Steelers win the game by?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many turnovers did Josh Freeman commit?
Which team won the game?
Which player caught one touchdown pass?
How many times did Freeman turn over the ball?
How many touchdowns did the Saints score?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many more touchdowns were thrown by Brees than by Freeman?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many days was the 1910 Penang Conference?
How many days was the battle planned for April 13, 1911 delayed?
How did the revolutionaries think the battle would go?
What happened first: Penang conference or a catastrophic defeat?
What happened second: conference to draw up plans or a catastrophic defeat?
What happened first: gathered at the Penang conference or a catastrophic defeat?
What happened second: gathered at the Penang conference or a catastrophic defeat?
How many days were Sun Yat-sen's battle plans delayed by?
How many provinces did the Qing viceroy rule?
Who was successful at the start of the April 27th uprising?
Where was the largest population of Chinese?
When did the revolutionaries know they would lose the battle?
How many points did the Steelers get in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers get in the first half?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 50-yards long?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
Which kicker scored the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards long was the mean value across all field goals scored?
How many field goals scored measured longer than 40-yards in distance?
How many one yard tds did Rashard Mendenhall score?
How many yards long was the second longest field goal?
How many yards long was the third longest field goal?
How many yards long was the shortest field goal?
How many yards long was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards long were Shaun Suisham's field goals on average?
How many yards of field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Rian Lindell's field goals on average?
How many field goals were kicked shorter than 40 yards?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many more field goals greater than 40 yards did Shaun Suisham make than Rian Lindell?
What all field goals greater than 40 yards did Shaun Suisham make?
What all field goals less than 40 yards did Rian Lindell make?
How many yards difference was Shaun Suisham’s final goal compared to Rian Lindell’s final field goal?
How many people on 2008  established an annual commemoration to honor the war veterans?
What day honors the war veterans?
What day each year honors the veterans?
How many years before were the Lingayen Gulf landings?
What did the anniversary celebrate?
How many years passed from 1968 that President Fidel Ramos appealed to Bush to pass two legislative bills?
How many bills did President Fidel Ramos want to pass?
What are the names of the pending bills?
What did Senator Daniel Inouye sponsor?
Which bill came last?
How many years apart were the Filipino Veterans' Equity act and the Filipino Veterans' Equity of 2005?
List the professional titles (abbreviated) of the two people who established an annual commemoration to honor war veterans on January 9?
How many years was the Filipino Veterans' Equity Act of 2006 pending for?
What year were the Lingayen Gulf landings?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game total?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Cassel throw?
How many yards was Matt Cassel's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Matt Cassel's shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Matt Cassel's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Hasselbeck throw?
How many yards was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many offensive rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which players received touchdown passes in the game?
How many touchdown passes in the game were over 10 yards?
How many touchdown passes in the game were under 10 yards?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored first for the Seahawks?
Which player had the first touchdown run of the game?
What all touchdowns did Matt Cassel make?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s first touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe compared to his touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s second touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe compared to his touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s third touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe compared to his touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki?
What all touchdowns did Matt Hasselbeck make?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s first touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe than Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Chris Baker?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s second touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe than Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Ben Obomanu?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s third touchdown pass to Dwayne Bowe than Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Chris Baker?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s touchdown pass to Tony Moeaki than Matt Hasselbeck’s touchdown pass to Chris Baker?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
How many total points was scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many points did the Dolphins score for the game?
How many touchdowns did the Jaguars score?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How long were each of Garrard's touchdowns?
How many more yards was the first field goal than the last?
How many more losses than wins did the Dolphins have after this game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the most touchdown passes in the first half?
Who threw the third longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Which player threw the last touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which quarter did both teams kick a field goal in?
How many yards longer was Elam's field goal than Gostkowski's in the first quarter?
Which player kicked a field goal over 30 yard in the first half?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal of the first quarter?
Which player's had touchdown runs in the second quarter?
How long were each of Stephen Gostkowski's field goals in the second half?
How many yards shorter was Turner's touchdown run than Taylor's in the second quarter?
What was the last score of the first half?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal in the first quarter?
Which team was losing at the end of the first half?
In the second quarter, which players scored touchdowns?
Who had the shortest touchdown run in the second quarter?
How many yards was Stephen Gostkowski's longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the fourth quarter?
How many filed goals did the Patriots score in the third quarter?
At the end of the game, how many games had the Falcons lost for the season?
Which team scored first?
How many touchdowns did Tampa Bay get?
Which team won this game?
How many points did Tampa Bay score in the third quarter?
How many turnovers did Tampa make in the second quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Jacksonville win by?
How many points did the Cardinals score?
How many points did the Browns trail by the end?
How many points did the Browns score in total?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Cleveland lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did The Cardinals win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Cardinals win by?
Who is the Rams head coach?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw?
How many yards was the first TD pass?
How many yards was the TD that tied the game?
How many yards was the goal the ended in halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many more yards was Nate Washington's 1st quarter touchdown compared to Steven Jackson's 1st quarter touchdown?
How many players scored 12-yard touchdowns?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger's first touchdown pass compared to his third?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass compared to his third?
What all touchdowns did Marc Bulger make?
How many yards difference was Marc Bulger's touchdown pass to Steven Jackson compared to touchdown pass to Isaac Bruce?
How many yards difference was Marc Bulger's touchdown pass to Isaac Bruce compared to touchdown pass to Drew Bennett?
How many yards difference was Marc Bulger's touchdown pass to Isaac Bruce compared to touchdown pass to Drew Bennett?
What all field goals did Jeff Reed make?
How many yards difference was Jeff Reed’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many presidents held office between 1911 and 1915?
Why was Hispaniola considered so important?
what percent of Hispaniola did the germans own?
how many presidents did haiti have?
what was the doctrine called the U.S. had on the Caribbean region?
Over how many years did Haiti have six presidents?
For how many decades was Germany building up a miltary and intelligence network in Hispaniola?
How many years was Haiti politically unstable?
How many Sundays did the Redskins play in a row?
How many plays did it take after Fitzpatrick threw the ball to make a touchdown?
How many games did the Redskins lose for the season?
How many interceptions did Cousins throw in the games they won?
Who all intercepted passes from Kirk Cousins?
What all field goals did Dustin Hopkins make?
How many total yards did Dustin Hopkins kick for field goals?
Which all players, caught interceptions thrown by Kirk Cousins?
How many yards difference was there between Ryan Fitzpatrick's rushing touchdown and his touchdown pass to Eric Decker?
Which players intercepted passes from Kirk Cousins?
How many field goals longer that 50 yards were made?
How many points did the Jets score in the third quarter?
How many fumbles did Bashaud Breeland force?
How many points did the Jets score in the second half?
How many turnovers did Bashaud Breeland cause?
Which players intercepted Kirk Cousins passes?
Which players had interceptions?
Which player had an interception and a forced fumble?
From what USS ships did American servicemen attack Veracruz?
Who defended Veracruz from the US?
Where was the American Consulate located?
How many minutes after the start did landing operations begin?
Who were the bluejackets?
What time of day did the battle happen?
How many U.S. Marines and armed Navy sailors total participate in the seizure of the Veracruz waterfront?
Which ships are named in the passage?
How many U.S. Marines from the 2nd Advanced Base Regiment and Navy sailors from the battleship USS Florida began landing operations by 11:30?
How many more Marines compared to Navy sailors began landing operations?
Which occurred first, retreat of the Mexican forces led by General Gustavo Maassor or the Veracruz Naval Academy to took up the defense of the port?
Who threw the first touchdown pass?
Which quarter did Matt Prater kick a 34 yard field goal?
Who threw an interception to Rafael Bush?
In which quarter did the Lions score more points?
How many touchdowns did both teams score before halftime?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who was the Seahawks leading receiver?
How many points in total were scored in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were there in the first half?
Which team scored the most points at half?
Which team allowed the most points?
Which team did the panthers lose to in week 7?
How many wins did the Bills have coming into today?
How many more field goals did Brown kick than Lindell?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the second half?
Which player had the shortest field goal of the game?
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
Which team held the lead at the end of the third quarter?
Which team played the Panthers in week 7?
How many field goals did Kris Brown score in the second quarter?
How many field goals did the BIlls score in the first half?
Which player had the most interceptions this game?
Which player scored the first TD for the Texans?
Which player scored the first TD of the game?
Which team led in points at the end of the third quarter?
Who is the Jaguars quarterback?
How many touchdowns did Mike Tolbert run for?
What was the shortest play
Who scored first?
How many yards did Josh Scobee kick at all in field goals during the game?
What was the longest touchdown pass in the game?
What was the shortest touchdown run of the game?
How many percentage points out of 100 (what percent) of subscribers do NOT have a broadband ADSL connection?
How many total percentage points (what percent) all together had the number of Moroccan internet subscribers increased by from 2005 to 2007 combined?
In which year was the national penetration for internet subscription higher, 2004 or 2007?
Who scored the most points, Colts or Jacksonville?
How many total field goals did Jason Myers miss?
Who ended up 2-2 for wins/losses
Who won the game
How many times did Hasselbeck turn the ball over?
Who scored more points to win the game?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many field goals did Jason Myers miss?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many games did Myers help win for Jacksonville?
How many points did the Chargers score in the first quarter?
How many games did the Chargers play before their bye week?
Which team won this game?
Which team allowed the least points at the final?
Which quarter was the longest field goal kicked?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who made the touchdown on the longest scoring play?
How many total yards were ran for touchdowns off of punt returns?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did Eddie Royal have in kick returns?
Which players had touchdowns of 70 or more yards?
How many weeks into the season was the Chargers bye week?
Which team scored the first TD of the game?
Which player caught the first TD for the Chargers?
How many yards was San Diego's first TD for?
Which team had the most points at the end of the third quarter?
How many losses did the Chargers have before this game?
Which team had the final score of the game?
Which player scored the last points of the half?
How many punts did Royal run in for a score?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaedings longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many losses did the Chargers have after the game was over?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many 21-yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards did both teams kick a field goal from?
How many field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many total yards did Gostkowski have?
How many more field goals did Gostkowski make compared with Feely?
Who had the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many total field goals were in the game?
How many field goals did Stephen Gostkowski kick?
How many yards was Stephen Gostkowski's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Stephen Gostkowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 21-yard field goals were in the game?
How did the Texans lose to Dallas?
What was the score after the first quarter?
What yardline did the Texans punt in the first quarter?
How many points did the Texans have in the first quarter?
How many points did Colts put up in the first quarter?
How had the ball at the beginning of the game?
Who was losing by the end of the 1st quarter?
How many games have the Texans lost against the Colts in a row?
How many points did the Texans lose by?
How many points were the Texans trailing by after the first quarter?
Which team received the opening kickoff?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Texans lose by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Colts lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many wins do the Cowboys have?
How many touchdowns did Odell Beckham Jr. score?
How many touchdowns did Murray score?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Which player had the most catches of the game?
Where is Jay Z from?
Where did Jay Z speak to Jerry Jones?
How many games did the Cowboys beat the Giants this season?
How many touchdowns did Odell Beckham have?
How many times did the Giants beat the Cowboys between 2012 and 2014?
How many wins did the Cowboys and Eagles have combined after this game?
how many times did the cowboys beat the giants?
how many points did dallas win by?
how many yards did murray get?
how many yards did murray rush and fail?
how many yards did beckham jr catch?
how many catches did Beckham finish with?
How many more touchdowns did Beckham have than Murray?
What was the name of the letters written by Thompson that was published in 200?
What was the second volume of The Fear and Loathing Letters published?
What was the last volume of The Fear and Loathing Letters to be published?
How did Thompson communicate
How many years does the first volume, The Proud Highway cover?
Which volume of The Fear and Loathing Letters covered the shortet time span?
How many years does The Mutineer: Rants, Ravings, and Missives from the Mountaintop cover?
How many years total were covered during the three volume collection?
How many years did the letters from the first volume span?
Which volume was published first, The Proud Highway or Loathing in America?
Which volume had the longest span of letters?
Which volume had more than a 10 year span of letters but less than 15?
Over a span of how many years was Fear and Loathing Letters published?
What are the titles of the first two books in the collection?
How many years did the first book cover?
Which book covered the least amount of years?
How many more years does the third volume cover, compared to the first volume?
How many years of letters does the book Loathing in America was published in 2000 contain?
How many years does the Proud Highway contain letters from 1955 to 1967?
Which book contains the earliest letters, Fear and Loathing in America or The Proud Highway?
Which book contains a special introduction to Johhny Depp,The Mutineer: Rants, Ravings, and Missives from the Mountaintop or Fear and Loathing in America?
How many yards was Losman's pass to Reed?
How many touchdowns did Losman complete?
Who scored a touchdown on a pass in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Losman have?
Who caught the first touchdown pass?
In which quarter did Losman not have a touchdown?
How many different receivers caught touchdown passes?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did J. P. Losman throw?
How many points did the Dolphins score in the game?
How many more yards did Losman have passing than Harrington?
How many points were the Bills trailing by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which quarterback threw at least two touchdown passes?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bills winning by at halftime?
Were there more touchdowns scored in the first half or second half?
How many TD passes did Losman throw?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many points were scored in the first half in total?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game, Josh McCown or Aaron Rodgers?
Which player scored first, Matt Forte or Eddie Lacy?
Who had a 32 yard touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest run?
How many Miami games won after playing the Bills?
What was the score the first quarter?
Which team would not be able play in the Super Bowl XLI on their own field?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many different Bills players caught touchdowns?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdown pass yardage did J.P. Losman complete in the whole game?
Which team scored in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown passes of more than 20 yards did Losman throw?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was J.P. Losman's first touchdown pass over his second one?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which players caught touchdown passes of longer than 25 yards?
How many total yards did J.P. Losman throw for touchdowns?
Which players did J.P. Losman throw touchdown passes to?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which quarter did the Lions not make any scores during?
How many more points did the Lions score than the Bears?
In what quarter did both teams score points?
How many touchdowns did the Bears score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Prater have before half-time?
How many field goals were for more than 40 yards?
How many different players caught a touchdown pass?
Which team had a blocked field goal?
how many yards did the broncos lose?
how many yards did the broncos combine?
how many yards did mcmanus block?
How many more yards did the Broncos rush defense give up this game compared to the previous four?
How many yards did the Broncos' rush defense give up this game combined with the previous four games?
How many more rushing yards did the Broncos' defense give up compared to the amount they rushed for?
How many yards below their season average did the Broncos rush for in this game?
How many yards was the Broncos' season rush average including this game and the previous four?
How many yards per game did the Broncos' rush defense give up including this game and the previous four?
Which player scored a defensive touchdown against the Broncos?
Which team caught two interceptions?
Who caught Cleveland's second touchdown reception?
How many touchdown's did Mike Evans score?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding have?
Who had a rushing touchdown?
how many runs did LaDaninian Tomlinson have?
How many points did San Diego make?
How many more yards of running touchdowns were there than passing touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Nate Kaeding make?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than Jason Elam's longest field goal?
In which quarter did only one team score?
How many total yards did Kaeding have?
Whcih players scored from 23 yards?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown play?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner have?
How many points did the Broncos score?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the broncos score in the 2nd half?
Who ran for the shortest touchdown of the first half?
Which team scored more pounts during the third quarter?
Who had the longer return for a touchdown, Jairus Byrd or Spencer Johnson?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Which team had the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored a touchdown first, Tim Tebow or Leodis McKelvin?
How many yards longer was Leodis McKelvin's touchdown compared to C. J. Spiller's?
How many yards was Dave Rayner's shortest field goal?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who scored a touchdown later, Daniel Fells or Tim Tebow?
How many total yards of defensive touchdowns did the Bills have?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards did Dave Rayner have?
How many total yards of field goals did Dave Rayner have in the second half?
How many touchdowns measured 5-yards or less?
How many touchdowns measured 20-yards or longer in length?
How many yards longer was Leodis McKelvin's first touchdown relative to Tim Tebow's first touchdown?
How many yards did the Bills first field goal and their first touchdown account for?
By how many points was Tampa Bay ahead at halftime?
How many field goals were attempted and missed in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
Why were Pullman Palace Car Company workers discontented?
What did the court injunction that was based on the Sherman Anti-Trust Act bar union leaders from doing?
Who had more people: workers or troops?
Who had less people: workers or troops?
What happened first: Pullman Palace Car company cut wages or strike was broken up?
What happened second: Pullman Palace Car company cut wages or strike was broken up?
How many strikers were killed or wounded?
How many workers and on how many railroads did they quit on in June of 1894?
How many more workers than how many railroads did they quit on in June of 1894?
Which occurred first, the major economic depression of the early 1890s, or the strike of the American Railway Union?
Were fewer strikers killed or wounded?
How many more strikers were wounded than killed?
How many years did it take for Samuel Shute to be replaced as governor after being appointed?
Who did Samuel Shute not agree with?
How many years after being appointed as governor of Massachusetts did Samuel Shute return to England?
How many years after Samuel Shute returned to England was the Explanatory Charter issued?
How many years after the issuance of the Explanatory Charter did William Burnet replace Shute as governor?
How many years did William Burnet serve as governor?
Who was governor first, Samuel Shute or William Burnet?
How many provinces was Samuel Shute royal governor of?
What war began first: Nine Years' War or Dummer's War?
What war began second: Nine Years' War or Dummer's War?
What war started first: Dummer's War or Nine Years' War?
What war started second: Dummer's War or Nine Years' War?
What war started first: Dummer's War or War of the Spanish Succession?
What war started second: Dummer's War or War of the Spanish Succession?
Who was governor first: William Dummer or William Burnet?
How many years did Operation Enduring Freedom last?
How many years did the attack last?
How many years did the operation Enduring Freedom last?
Which province did the battalion assume responsibility for?
Where was the battalion primarily stationed?
How many provinces was the 1-24 Infantry responsible for?
For how many years was the 1st Batallion deployed in Afghanistan?
What was Wilkens longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Warner have?
How many field goals did Wilkins make?
How many yards was the first field goal?
Which team scored the least at the end of the game?
Which player scored last in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Rams?
How many people could have been either killed or taken as slaveson March 22 1739?
Which group of Indians were killed and not taken as slaves?
How many different types of people were slaughtered by the Afsharid troops?
How many hours did it take to slaughter 20,000-30,000 women and children?
How many ways were the bodies deposed of?
How many hours is estimated that on hours in one  22 March 1739, approximately 20,000 to 30,000 Indian men, women and children were slaughtered
How many difference in the estimate is said that Indian men, women and children were slaughtered?
Besides the men and women, who else was killed?
What became of the dead men women and children?
How many different ways did they dispose of the dead bodies?
Who were buried or cremated without any proper record being made
Which did the representative of the Dutch East India Company in Delhi claim were made slaves?
How many days did the slaughtering or taken into slavery of men, women and children overlap?
How many days from nomination to confirmation for Chertoff?
How many years did it take from when DHS adopted new rules to when they stopped?
How many months from issuing the new rules until they were blocked by a judge?
How many people did not vote for Chertoff was confirmed?
How many groups  issued rules relating to employee pay and discipline for a new personnel system named MaxHR?
How many things were made almost impossible, for unions to negotiate over?
How many reasons did Collyer give for blocking the plan?
Who ruled against the DHS?
How many Senators voted against confirming Michael Chertoff?
How many days after President Bush nominated Michael Chertoff to succeed Ridge as federal judge was he confirmed?
How many years after the DHS and the Office of Personnel Management issued rules relating to employee pay and discipline for a new personnel system named MaxHR did DSH state in a court filing that they would no longer pursue the new rules
How many people in the U.S. Senate voted against the confirmation of federal judge Michael Chertoff to succeed Ridge.
How many months after the DHS issued a new personnel system named MaxHR did District Judge Rosemary M. Collyer block the plan?
How many years after the DHS issued a new personnel system named MaxHR did they retire the name "MaxHR"?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many more wins than losses did the Chargers have after this game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Chargers ahead by at the end of the first half?
Which quarter did Nate Kaeding score a 52-yard field goal?
How many days did the Battle of Torches last?
Which happened first, the Battle of Torches, or internal chaos in the Safavid state?
What factors led to the ottomans declaring war?
What happens from 1577-1578?
What happend in 1590?
How many years after the Battle of Torches did the Ottomans attain victory?
How many generals were mentioned to have been assassinated?
Did Shah Tahmasp I die after or before the Ottoman-Safavid War?
How many years after the Ottoman-Safavid War began was the Battle of Torches?
How many years after the Battle of Torches did the Ottoman declare victory in the war?
How many years in all did the Ottoman-Safavid War last for?
Which happened first, the death of Shah Tahmasp I, or the Ottoman declaration of war?
How many years did the The Ottoman-Safavid War last?
How many days did the Battle of Torches last?
Who died at the Battle of Torches?
How many years after the Battle of Torches did the Ottomans head towards the eventual victory?
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many more wins did the 1991 Tigers have than the 1990 Tigers?
How many home runs did Cecil Fielder have in total in the 1990 and 1991 seasons?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Lawrence Tynes or Nick Folk?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Lawrence Tynes second field goal compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes of at least 20 yards were completed?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Tynes have in the 1st half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Tynes kick than Folk?
How long were each of the Cowboys' rushing touchdowns?
How many more touchdown runs were there than touchdown passes?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than in the second?
How many more wins did the Tigers have in 1991 than in 1989?
How many more home runs did Fielder hit in 1990 than in 1991?
How long was the Touchdown pass that gave the rams the first lead in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
After a 25-yard touchdown pass by the Rams, who scored the next points of the game?
How many wins did Atlanta have before this game started?
Who caught a 12-yard touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
How long was the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the first half?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and shortest touchdown?
When was the punt return touchdown scored?
Which Colt had a touchdown catch?
How many field goals did Vinatieri have?
How many passes did Anthony Gonzalez catch?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many losing seasons did the Eagles have under Andy Reid?
How many losses did the Eagles have after this game?
How many games had Nick Foles won?
How many losses do the Eagles have?
Who was the Eagles quarterback?
How many games had Nick Foles won as quarterback?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the last touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest field goal kicked by John Kasay?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal than his shortest?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes did Philip Rivers throw in the game?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick from less than 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the Chargers second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the game-winning pass?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored more field goals, John Kasay or Nate Kaeding?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
Who is the Jets head coach?
Who caught two touchdown passes?
Which coach has a more run based play calling style?
Who scored more points, Bears or Cardinals?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
What was Derek Anderson's completion percentage?
What was Derek Anderson's completion percentage?
Which happened first, the Battle of Rullion Green or the Battle of Drumclog?
How many years after the Battle of Rullion Green was the Battle of Drumclog?
What happened first: Battle of Rullion Green or Battle of Bothwell Bridge?
What happened second: Battle of Rullion Green or Battle of Bothwell Bridge?
What happened first, Battle of Rullion or Covenanter army defeated the royalist army?
Which came second Battle of Bothwell Bridge or Battle of Rullion?
Who won the Battle of Rullion?
How many years did these events span for?
What even happened first, the Covenanter army defeating the royalist army, or the Covenanters being defeated at the Battle of Rullion?
Which covenanters are the smallest group, in chains or were released?
How many coventanters were in chains than are released?
How many more people were aged 45 to 64 than there were people aged 65 and up?
How many percent of the population was over the age of 18?
How many percent of the poulation was under the age of 65?
How many fewer males are there for every 100 females?
How many fewer males are there for every 100 females age 18 and over?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which two have the same age percent?
Which groups in percent are larger than 15%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or under the age of 18?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or under the age of 18?
Which groups in percent are larger than 18%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 18 to 24?
Which groups in percent are larger than 16%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or under the age of 18?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which age groups each made up more than 15% of the population?
How many age groups each made up more than 25% of the population?
How many more people were under 18 than those 65 and older?
How many more people were there 25 to 44 than 45 to 64?
Were there more females or males in the population?
How many more females were there compared to every 98.5 males?
Which two age groups each made up more than 25% of the population?
Which age group made up the largest percentage of the population?
Which age group made up the smallest percentage of the population?
How many total people were in the population?
How many more people were there in the aged 25 to 44 group compared to the aged 45 to 64 group?
How many people were in the aged 25 to 44 and aged 45 to 64 groups combined?
Which groups in percent are larger than 16%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 25 to 44?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 25 to 44?
How many years after the seige did warfare resume?
What happened first, the taking of Ayutthaya or the withdrawal of Burmese forces?
How many months did it take for Alaungpaya and his 40,000-strong armies to reach Ayutthaya after they invaded the Tenasserim coast?
In what month did the Burmese king die?
What happened first: Burma was reunified or Burmese armies took Ayutthaya?
What happened second: Burma was reunified or Burmese armies took Ayutthaya?
How many years passed between all of Burma was reunified and the Burmese armies taking Ayutthaya?
How many months after Alaungpaya and his armies invaded the Tenasserim coast did they finally reach Ayutthaya?
On what date after the siege of Ayutthaya did the Burmese kind fall ill and withdraw?
In what year did Alaungpaya die?
How many years after the war ended after the death of the Burmese king did the war resume?
When did the second seige of Ayutthaya begin?
How many more bolts of silk did they pay the Liao than ounces of silver?
How many years passed between the Liao's defeat of the Song and Aguda naming himself emperor?
What was Tong Guan?
What did Tong Guan want to take back?
How many years after becoming chieftain did Wanyung Aguda lead a revolt against the Liao?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, Agunda naming himself emperor, or the unsuccessful conquer?
How many more bolts of silk than ounces of silver did its northern neighbor receive?
Which happened first, a military defeat to the Liao or the chieftain Wanyan Aguda united the disparate Jurchen tribes
Which product did the Song pay less of, bolts of silk or ounces of silver?
Which did they pay more of, bolts of silk or ounces of silver?
How many areas did the Khitans rule over?
What areas were under Khitans rule parts of?
How many more bolts of silk did the Song pay than ounces of silver?
Who was the emperor of the Jin dynasty?
What were the names of the two Emperors in the passage?
How many emperors are listed in the passage?
The Belgorod Line of forts had a noticeable effect for how many years?
How many total years had there been raids in Poland?
When was one of the first raids recorded in Poland during the Time of Troubles?
How many years span these events?
How many raids did Poland have?
How many years between the first and last raid on Poland?
How many years since the first and last raid passed that we heard about in Poland?
Which player helped make two touchdowns in the first half?
How many players rushed for a touchdown in the second half?
Which team scored the most points?
How many rushing tds did the Cowboys have?
How many wins did the Cowboys have after beating the Titans?
Which team does Young play on?
Which team won the game?
how many yards did james return?
how many points did dallas lead by?
how many yards did vanderjagt miss?
how many yards did vanderjagt kick?
how many yards did owens pass?
how many yards did titans fumble?
How many passes did Jones Jr. have?
How many field goals did Crosby make?
How many field goals did Prater make?
How many touchdowns did Abdullah have?
How many touchdowns did Williams score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were shorter than 5 yards long?
How many yards did the three shortest touchdowns measure for when combined?
How many yards did the two longest touchdowns combine for?
How many yards longer were the two longest touchdowns in length when compared to the three shortest?
How many more rushing touchdowns were there compared to passing touchdowns?
How many more yards were gained on passing touchdowns compared to rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained when all touchdown lengths are combined?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 10 yards in length?
How many yards long was the average length across all touchdown plays?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Were there fewer field goals in the first half or the second half?
In which quarters were only one touchdown scored?
Which kicker had more total yards, Crosby or Prater?
How many touchdowns were between 1 and 10 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns from one yard?
Which player scored on touchdowns longer than 10 yards?
How many yards longer was Prater's longest field goal compared with his second longest?
How many percent of couples that married in the 1980s that are still together were under 26 years of age?
How many percent of couples that married in the 1980s that graduated high school , under the age of 26 that are not still together?
How many percent of couples that married in the 1980s that did not graduate college , age 35-39 are still together in 2009?
How many percent of couples that married in the 1980s that did graduate college , age 35-39 are still together in 2009?
how many years did the study last that started in 2004?
Which political group has high divorce rates?
Who has a higher chance of divorce, someone with a college degree or without a college degree?
Who has the best chance of staying married, someone with a college degree or with a high school diploma?
Which has a less chance of divorce, someone that's a high school graduate or someone who did not graduate high school?
Who had the highest percent of staying married by 2009 that married in the 80s?
How many percent more graduates over 26 were still married after 20 years than those under 26?
How many percent more college graduates under 26 were still married after twenty years than high school graduates of the same age?
How many percent more adults aged 35-39 without a college degree divorced than those the same age with a college degree?
Which conditions were most likely to lead to a successful marriage?
How many more percentage points of college graduates over 26 were still married 20 years later than those who were under 26?
How many days after Mar received his commission from James did the two forces joined in battle?
How many more men did the Jacobites have compared to to Argyll's?
How many days after recieving his commission did Mar do battle at Sheriffmuir?
At the end of the battle how many more men did the Jacobits have compared to Argyll?
How long was the Favre Jennings touchdown pass?
Who threw the winning touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Crosby make?
How many touchdown passes did Griese throw?
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many field goals were kicked in total?
What year did Razin reappear as the leader of a robber community?
In which years did the Russian wars between Poland and Sweden overlap?
Was the Russian war against Poland or Sweden longer?
Which groups joined together in the south?
How long was Razin off the map?
How many years did the war between Russia and Poland last?
How many years span these events?
How many years were between the start of the long war with poland, and with Sweeden?
What event was later, the long war with Poland or Sweden?
What war was longer, the long war with Poland, or Sweeden?
What event happened first, Razin defeating Yakov Bezobrazov, or the start of the long war with Poland?
What even happened first, the long war with Sweden, or Razin defeating Yakov Bezobrazov?
How many years did Russia wage war on Poland?
Where did Razin go after he visited the Don Cossacks?
Where is the Solovetsky Monastery?
What happened first, Razin's appearance as the leader of a robber community or his diplomatic mission?
What happened first Razin's diplomatic mission or his pilgrimage?
What caused taxes in Russia to increase?
What happened first Razin's appearance as the leader of a robber community or Russia raising taxes?
What happened first, Razin destroying the great naval convoy or sailing to the Volga?
What did Razin do when was sailing to the Volga?
How many years have passed between 1661 and 1668 when Razin defeated Bezobrazov?
How long did Razin's expedition last?
Which war that Russia fought was longer, the one with Poland or the one with Sweden?
How many years before he defeated the voivode Yakov Bezobrazov was he first noted by history?
How many years did the war with Poland last?
How many more years did the war with Poland last compared to the war with Sweden?
How many years did the Polish and Swedish wars overlap?
What increases were peasants hoping to escape by joing Razin?
In what year did Razin's expedition into Daghestan and Persia end?
How many years passed between his first mention in history and his defeat of the voivode Yakov Bezobrazov?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Who had a 30 yard touchdown run?
How many touchdown passes did Derek Anderson have in the first half?
How many field goals did the Steelers have in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
How many yards was the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes in total?
How many yards long was Reed's longest field goal?
How many field goals did the Steelers kick in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens kick in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many scoring plays were there in the first half?
How many total points were scored int he first half?
How many points did Cleveland lead by at halftime?
How many successful field goals were kicked in total?
How many field goals of over 30 yards were kicked?
How many touchdowns were longer than 5 yards long?
How many yards total did the first three touchdowns combine for?
How many touchdowns were longer than 15 yards long?
How many yards did the last three touchdowns combine for?
How many touchdowns were longer than 90 yards long?
Which player had the longer touchdown reception, Braylon Edwards or Hines Ward?
How many yards did Braylon Edwards and Hines Ward combine for on their touchdowns?
How many yards do all passing touchdowns add up to?
How many touchdowns was Ben Roethlisberger a part of?
How many yards did all field goals combine for?
How many yards did special teams touchdowns add up to?
How many yards was the second longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards long was the average field goal in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Were more yards of field goals or yards of touchdowns scored in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards long was the second longest touchdown of the entire game?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
Which players scored 2-yard touchdowns?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Who caught Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass?
Who caught Ben Roethlisberger's shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did Eddie Royal catch?
How many points did San Dieao lead by at halftime?
How many rushing yards did the Chargers have in the game?
Who was the Chargers top receiver?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Rivers have?
How many points did The Chargers win by?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many yards was the longest TD pass?
How many points did the Chargers win against the Jaguars by?
Which Charger player caught the moat scoring passes?
How many wins did the the Chargers have going into this game?
How many passes did Rivers miss?
Which player had the most catches?
How many points did the falcons score in the second half?
What did McCoy say they will get better at?
How many yards did Royal have on touchdown receptions?
How many interceptions did Blake Bortles throw in the second half?
How many hours were acquired between July 2007 and April 2008?
How many hours were acquired between April 2008 and May 2010?
How many hours were accumulated between May 2010 and 2011?
How many hours were logged between 2011 and 2014?
Which was Shadow Platform smallest flight hours, 200,000 or 100,000?
How many months did it take the Shadow platform to go from 200000 flight hours to 300000?
How many fewer months did it take to go from 200000 to 300000 than it did to go from 100000 to 200000 hours?
How many years did it take the Shadow to go from 300000 hours to 500000 hours?
How many more flight hours did the Shadow have in June 2014 as compared to July 2007?
In what year did the Shadow platform achieve 100000 hours?
How many months did it take Shadow to go from 750000 flight hours to 900000 hours?
What year had the most flight hours?
Which year had more flight hours, 2007, or 2011?
Which year had the least amount of flight hours?
How many field goals did Dawson kick?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Which team scored more field goals?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored less points?
How many games had the Panthers won before they played this game?
How many interceptions were there in the game?
How many touchdowns did Marshall score?
How many field goals were kicked in the fourth quarter?
How many yards longer was Dawson's field goal than Kasay's in the second quarter?
Which team allowed the least first quarter points?
How many straight wins did Carolina come into this game with?
How many yards was Dawson's longest field goal?
How many wins do the Steelers now have?
How many losses do the Steelers now possess?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots have a halftime?
Who did the Steelers beat in Week 7?
How many touchdowns did Roethlisberger throw for?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals did Suisham kick?
How many touchdowns did Brady throw?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the first half?
How many field goals did the Steelers have for the game?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick from less than 30 yards?
Which event happend first, Huáscar was killed alledgedly by drowning or Atahualpa was garroted?
Which happened first, Atahualpa was saluted as a hero or  Atahualpa was captured in the ensuing Battle of Cajamarca
What happened second,Huáscar was captured or Battle of Cajamarca?
What happened first: Huáscar's retreat was cut off or Atahualpa was himself garroted?
What happened second: Huáscar's retreat was cut off or Atahualpa was himself garroted?
How many years passed since Huáscar's retreat was cut off and Atahualpa was garroted?
Which event happened first, Atahualpa ordering Huáscar being killed or Atahualpa being killed?
How many more troops did Atahualpa have when he controlled the full strength of the Empire compared to his force camping outside Cajamarca?
In what year was Huascar executed?
Who was killed first: Huascar or Atahualpa?
Who did Atahualpa order to death to please Pizarro?
Who was Huascar chased by?
Which city did Atahualpa capture and was eventually executed in?
How many times Banderas waged war against the Mexican authorities?
Which tribes aligned with Yaqui in both of their wars against the Mexican authorities?
How many other tribes joined force with Yaqui in their first war against the Mexican authorities?
How many years Banderas' second war last?
How many years passed between Banderas' defeat in Hermosillo and his execution?
Which event happened first, the office of captain-general being abolished or the execution of Banderas and Gutierrez?
How many years did the renewed war against the Mexican authorities last before Banderas was executed?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, Banderas renewing the war against the Mexican authorities, or Gutierrez being executed?
What event happened later, Banderas being executed, or the office of captain-general being abolished?
What event happened first, Banderas forces being defeated by Mexicans, or Banderas renewing the war against Mexican authorities?
What event happened first, Banderas being executed, or Occidente passing a law making the Yaqui its citizens?
What event happened later, Occidente passing a law making the Yaqui its citizens, or Banderas renewing the war against Mexican authorities?
Who scored first?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many TD passes did Jay Cutler throw in the first quarter?
In which quarter did both teams score a field goal?
How long was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Matt Prater kick?
Who kicked th longest field goal, Prater or Kasay?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the third quarter?
Who threw the longest TD pass of the game?
Which player had the longest TD run of the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
Who scored the most field goals?
How many yards difference was there between the shortest and longest touchdown passes?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards separated the longest and second longest field goals of the first half?
Which players threw touchdown passes in the first half?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How long were each of the second half field goals?
How many total field goals were kicked from more than 40 yards?
What happened first: 27 August declared 'deliverance of the city' or Kett's name was kept alive?
What happened second: 27 August declared 'deliverance of the city' or Kett's name was kept alive?
How many years after the rebellion was Alexander Neville's book written?
How many years after it was written, was Neville's book translated into English?
Approximately how many centuries passed before Kett was thought of in a more sympathetic way?
How many years after Neville's 1575 Latin history of the rebellion was it translated into English by Norfolk clergyman Richard Woods?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Who was the quarterback for the losing team?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards difference was there between Roethlisberger’s touchdown run than Roethlisberger’s first touchdown pass to Ward?
How many yards difference was there between Rudi Johnson’s touchdown run and Roethlisberger’s touchdown run?
How many yards difference was there between Roethlisberger’s first touchdown pass to Ward and Roethlisberger’s second touchdown pass to Ward
How many yards difference was there between Rudi Johnson’s touchdown run and Ben Roethlisberger’s first touchdown pass to Hines Ward?
How many yards difference was there between Rudi Johnson’s touchdown run and Ben Roethlisberger’s second touchdown pass to Hines Ward?
How many yards difference was there between Rudi Johnson’s touchdown run and Roethlisberger’s touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd quarter?
Who threw more touchdown passes in the game, Roethlisberger or Palmer?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Rayner score on?
Brett Favre threw how many incomplete passes?
How many interceptions did Tarvaris Jackson get in the game?
How many years prior did Brett Favre's father pass away on the date of the game?
How many times had the Packers played at Lambeau Field in five days?
How many passes did Brett Favre not complete?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was Dave Rayner's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards did Rayner kick and make for field goals in the first half?
what happen at 2nd half?
what happen a 3rd auarter?
Which team beat the Texans in week 5?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
How many quarters did the Seahawks go scoreless in?
Which team scored the shortest Touchdown pass?
Which team scored the most points?
HOw many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
Which team had the stingiest defense?
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest field goal?
Who scored more points the Titans or Packers?
Which quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick?
Which team scored first?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas make?
How many yards was Mason Crosby's longest field goal?
How many field goals did Rob Bironas kick from less than 30 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
How many more yards was Rodgers touchdown pass compared to Johnsons touchdown run?
How many field goals kicked were over 20 yards?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the game?
How many yards of field goals did Bironas kick during the game?
How many more yards was Bironas longest field goal compared to Crosbys?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How long were each of Mason Crosby's field goals?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many yards longer was Mason Crosby's second field goal over his first one?
How many field goals were kicked from between 30 and 40 yards?
From what distance did both teams make field goals?
Which players kicked 25-yard field goals?
Why didn't the Packers have a week 8 opponent?
Which player scored the last points for the Packers?
How many yards was the Packers longest field goal?
Which team won in overtime?
How many scores in the second quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Which team scored first in the second half?
Which team scored the most points?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How many points were scored by halftime?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Pittsburgh win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
Which team scored first in the second quarter?
Who ran in the longest TD of the game?
When did Mecklenburg army under Albert II succeeded in storming the town?
What happened after the Mecklenburg army succeeded in storming the town?
Which defeat occur in Mecklenburg?
In which year they were fighting and devastating defeat occurs?
How many years after the payment of the pledge was due did Wedego gain control of Grimmen?
Which happened later, Albert's army storming Grimmen or an agreement of ceasefire?
What event happened at Loitz?
What was the first event that happened?
How many years, Wedego Bugenhagen, gained control of Grimmen until Mecklenburg army under Albert II succeeded in storming the town?
In which year the Pomeranian Marshal and Wedego Bugenhagen gained the control of Grimmen?
who are they gained the control of grimmen?
In which count has no male offspring?
How many years after the payment of the pledge was due did the Pomeranian Marshal, Wedego Bugenhagen, gain control of Grimmen?
How many months after the Mecklenburg army under Albert II succeeded in storming the town was a cease fire agree upon?
How many years after mediation by the towns of Stralsund and Greifswald agreed to a ceasefire was there renewed fighting with Mecklenburg?
How many years after Wedego Bugenhagen gain control of Grimmen did the Mecklenburg army under Albert II storm the town?
How many months after the Mecklenburg army under Albert II stormed Grimmen was a ceasefire agreed?
How many years after the ceasefire was agreed was there renewed fighting with Mecklenburg?
How many more soldiers did The Balkan Leauge have than the Ottoman soldiers?
How many days was it from the time that many new commanders were appointed to when the Ottoman government declared war?
How many days did the Balkan response come after ordering mobilization?
Which group had more soldiers in the Balkans when the war was declared, the Ottomans or the Balkan League?
Who had the most soldiers, Balkans 912,000 soldiers or Ottoman 580,000 soldiers?
How many had optimistic pictures of Ottoman readiness for war?
Which event happened first,  ultimatum from the Balkan League or many new commanders appointed?
How many more men were in the Balkan League than the Ottoman army?
What was the main reason for the Ottoman's deaf?
How many months into the year was war declared?
How many few Ottoman solders were there than Balkan League soldiers?
why did the Ottomans try to stall?
What led to the Ottoman defeat in the fall of 1912?
How many days passed between the Ottoman government ordering mobilization and them declaring war?
When war was declared, who had more soldiers, the Ottomans or the Balkan League?
How many more soldiers did the Balkan League have than the Ottomans had when war was declared?
How many days had many of the commanders been in their positions prior to the declaration of war?
Which was the Navy Minister, Nazim Pasha or Mahmund Muhtar Pasha ?
How many more soldiers were there in the Balkan League than Ottomans?
How many days after the Ottoman mobilization was ordered did the Ottomans declare war?
How many more Balkan soldiers were there than Ottoman soldiers?
How many troops were the Ottomans outnumbered by when they declared war?
How many days had new commanders of Ottoman units been on the job when war was declared?
Which leaders wanted to take the offensive when war started?
How many points did the Vikings score in the 2nd half?
How many touchdowns in total were scored in the game?
How many points were failed in an attempt by Arizona?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many yards longest was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the entire game?
Which team scored the most touchdowns of the game?
How many touchdowns measure less than 5 yards long?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 10 yards long?
How many yards of difference were there between the longest and shortest touchdown scored?
How many yards separated the longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals measured between 40 yards and 50 yards long?
How many yards in total did Rackers kick for field goals in the second quarter?
Which players had 99 yard touchdown runs in the game?
How many yards did Matt Leinhart throw in TD passes in the fourth quarter?
Which players scored touchdowns in the second half?
How many yards longer was Rackers' longest field goal kick than Longwell's field goal kick?
Which kickers had field goals of at least 40 yards?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team had more field goals in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
Which players had 99 yard touchdown plays?
Which players had touchdowns over 90 yards?
Which quarterback threw at least 3 touchdowns?
Who scored the last play of the game?
Which team was not doing well in the early hours of the game?
What person was the key who helped the Lions in their early lead before halftime?
Which team lost due to a series of goals late in the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many points did the Lions score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Lions score in the first quarter?
How many TD passes did Jon Kitna complete?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick?
How many total yards did Jason Hanson kick in the second half?
Which team scored the most points in the third quarter?
How many more yards was the touchdown pass to Roy Williams.over the one to Justin Griffith?
Who caught the first touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Jason Hanson make?
How many yards was the final touchdown play?
Which team had the most first half touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the Broncos score in the second half?
How many yards difference exists between the longest and second longest field goals?
From what distance did two different players score a touchdown?
How long was the second longest receiving touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years did these events span for?
How many years separated the two pardons signed?
What happened first, start of  moderate repression, or Charles signed pardon?
How many minimum ducats fines were imposed on the guilds as punishment?
What happened first: fall of Valencia or end of heavier repression?
What happened second: fall of Valencia or end of heavier repression?
Who had the least ducat of fines, the guilds as punishment or the cities who sided with Germany?
Who was viceroy first, Mendoza or Germaine of Foix?
Which incurred more fines, guilds or cities?
How many more ducats were paid in fined for compensations for damages sustained by properties during the war than the cities paid?
How many years passed between Germaine signing a pardon for one of the six main guilds of the City of Valencia and King Charles signing a general pardon?
Who did Germaine of Foix replace?
How many more ducats were levied for damages sustained by properties than levied to cities that had sided with the Germanies?
How many more ducats of fines were levied in compensations for damages than fines to all cities that had sided with the Germanies?
How many death sentences are speculated to have not been directly approved by Germaine of Foix?
How many years did the Nine Years' War last?
Which came first - the Nine Years' War or Charles II taking the throne?
France and Spain signed the Treaty of Ryswick due to what reasons?
What did the people of Habsburg debate for decades?
How many countries did the Spanish empire have possessions in besides Spain?
How many different kings are mentioned>
How many years did the Nine Years' War span?
How many years spanned from when Charles II became the last king to when the treaty was signed?
Which happened last, the signing of the treaty of the death of King Charles II?
How many years did the Nine Years' War last?
How many years between the start of the Nine Years' War and the Treaty of Ryswick being signed?
How many years after first appearing did History Ireland begin to be published in full-colour?
How many years has History Ireland been published bi-monthly?
Which happened earlier, History Ireland going full-colour or History Ireland's editor apologizing to Liam Hogan?
How many years after going full-colour did History Ireland begin to be published bi-monthly?
How many years did these events span for?
How many years did it take from first issue of the magazine for it to be published in color?
How many years after the first issue did History Ireland start to be published bi-monthly?
How many years after History Ireland was first published did it go full-colour?
How many years after History Ireland was first published did it start being published bi-monthly?
How many years after its first publication did History Ireland go full-color?
What was the profession the person who attended Tisch School of the Arts, New York University, Dublin Programme?
How many years after the first issue of History Ireland appeared did the magazine go full-colour?
How many magazines of History Ireland are published each year since 2005?
How many wins was this game for the Giants?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score?
Which team won the game between the Giants and the Bears?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score?
How many field goals were made?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Eagles score in the 3rd quarter?
How many points did the Saints lead by to win?
How many points were scored in the last quarter?
Which quarterback had 2 touchdown passes?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many more points did the Saints score in the first half compared to the Eagles?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
Did the Saints score more touchdowns or field goals in the first half?
How many yards was Alex Henery's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Alex Henery's second field goal compared to his first?
Which team scored fewer points in the third and fourth quarters combined?
How many points did the Saints score in the the second half?
How many yards longer was  Drew Brees' second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
In which two quarters did  Alex Henery  not score a field goal?
Which are more stable, heavier isotopes or lighter isotopes?
How many more minutes of a half-life does 283Rg appear to have compared to 282Rg?
How many minutes of a half-life does the unconfirmed 286Rg and 283Rg appear to have combined?
Which isotope has a longer half-life, 282Rg or 281Rg?
Of the isotopes 278Rg, 281Rg, and 282Rg, which have half-lives shorter than 2 minutes?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many points did the Eagles lead by in the third quarter?
How many points did the Panthers gain between the third quarter and final score?
How many points did the Eagles score in the last quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers have in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles beat the Cardinals by?
Did Cam Newton or Zach Ertz travel more yards for their touchdown?
How many more yards was Nelson Angholor's touchdown than Newton's?
How many more yards was Angholor's touchdown than Wentz's?
How many points ahead were the Eagles  by the fourth quarter?
Which team lost the game
How many yards was the touchdown from Ertz in the second half?
How many yards was the longest yard touchdown?
How many more points did the Panthers win by?
How many yards of touchdowns did Zach Ertz have?
Which team had just lost to  the Eagles in the prior week?
Which player had the longest TD of the game?
How many straight victories did the Eagles come into the game at?
Which team gave up an interception in the fourth quarter?
Which players caught interceptions?
How many field goals did Cundiff attempt during the first half?
How many points did the Raven's win by?
How many field goal attempts did Billy Cundiff have in the first half?
How many points did the Browns score in the first half?
How many field goals were attempted in the first half?
How many points in total were scored?
How many more casualties approximately Russian had from chemical weapons than the British in World War I?
Who had more chemical weapons casualties, the Russians or the British?
Who had more chemical weapon casualties in World War 1, Britain or Russia?
How many more Russian chemical weapon casualties were there compared to Britsh chemical weapon casualties?
Which happened last, the Hague Declaration Concerning Asphyxiating Gases or the Hague Convention on Land Warfare?
How many combined chemical deaths did both the British and Russian have together?
What came first, the Hague Declaration Concerning Asphyxiating Gases or the Hague Convention on Land Warfare?
How many years after the Hague Declaration Concerning Asphyxiating Gases did the Hague Convention on Land Warfare come out?
How many more chemical weapons casualties did the Russians have than the British?
Which suffered more casualties from chemical weapons, the Russian Army or civilians?
Which army suffered less chemical weapons casualties, the British or the Russian Army?
Which player scored the first points?
How many touchdowns did Stevan Ridley have?
How many yards was the longest drive of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did Steven Ridley score in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Which quarterback had a first half touchdown, Brady or Brees?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
How many points did the Saints lose the game by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Patriots lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which penetration rates are higher, 69.4% mobile phones or 8.95% fixed lines?
Which year did telecom sector increase in value the most, 3.3 billion in 2006 or 4.2 billion in 2007?
How many billion dollars did the telecom industry sector increase from 2006 to 2007?
How many employess is the sector expected to gain between 2007 and 2012?
Does the Moroccan telecoms industry have more mobile phones or more fixed lines?
How many billions of dollars did the telecom sector increase in value from 2006-2007?
How many  more percent of the penetration rates are from mobile phones than fixed lines?
Which has a higher penetration rates in percentage, mobile phones or fixed lines?
Which group is the smallest for Moroccan telecoms, 41,000 employees or 125,000 the sector should employ?
By how many employees does the sector expect to increase by 2012?
How many billions of dollars did the value of the sector increase from 2006 to 2007?
Casanearshore and Rabat Technoplis are examples of what industry?
How many examples of the call centre industry are provided?
How many percent of the penetration rate is from mobile phones and fixed lines combined?
How many more percent of the GDP is expected to come from the sector in 2012 than it did in 2007?
Which year was the value of the telecoms sector higher, 2006 or 2007?
How many more Dh billion was the value of the telecoms sector in 2007 compared to 2006?
How many field goals longer than 50 yards were made?
Which kicker had the longest field goal?
How many more yards was the longest defensive touchdown than the second longest?
How many interceptions came in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were kicked in the first two quarters?
Which team allowed the most first quarter points?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which team had the fewest field goals?
Which player scored the only TD for the Broncos?
How many years had it been since Manning failed to score any points in a game?
Which team won the game?
Approximately how many years had indigenous Taino in the area where the Spanish settlement of Villa de la Vega was located?
Following the earthquake in 1692 that devastated Port Royal, how many years did Spanish Town remain the capital until it was moved to Kingston?
By whose proclamation was Kingston named the capital?
How many years was Villa de la Vega considered the capital of the colony before it was renamed Spanish Town?
Which event happened first, the earthquake that devastated Port Royal or the move of the capital to Kingston?
How many years were between the Morant Bay Rebellion and Kingston becoming the capital?
Which happened first, the Morant Bay Rebellion or when the English conquered Jamaica?
Which settlement was Lionel Smith referring to when he said "the capital was in ruins, with no commercial, manufacturing and agricultural concern in operation," Kingston or Spanish Town?
Which settlement was devastated in 1692 by an earthquake, Kingston or Port Royal?
How many years after Governor Lionel Smith saw that the capital was in ruins was the capital moved to Kingston?
Which city was the capital first, Kingston or Spanish Town?
Which city was founded first, Spanish Town or Kingston?
What other names was Spanish Town previously known as?
How many years after the Spanish settlment of Villa de la Vega was founded did the English conquer Jamaica?
How many years after the English conquered Jamaica was Port Royal devastated by an earthquake?
What are two other names for Santiago de la Vega?
How many years after Kingston was founded did the seat of Spanish Town move to Kingston?
How many years after the Morant Bay Rebellion did Sir John Peter Grant order the removal of the capital to Kingston?
How many years after Villa de la Vega was founded as the capital of the colony did Sir John Peter Grant order the removal of the capital to Kingston?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team kicked the first field goal of the game?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
Which kicker had the longest field goal before halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many times were there a field goal for 30 yards or more?
How many field goals were for less than 30 yards?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
Which quarter had the least amount of points scored?
What all field goals did Randy Bullock make?
How many total yards did Randy Bullock kick for field goals?
How many more yards did Randy Bullock kick for field goals in the first half compared to the second half?
What all field goals did Stephen Hauschka make?
How many total yards did Stephen Hauschka kick for field goals?
How many more total yards did Stephen Hauschka kick for field goals than Randy Bullock?
How many more yards did Stephen Hauschka kick for field goals in the second half than the first?
What was the result of the Bengals prior game to this one?
Which team did not score  first quarter field goal in the game?
Which player scored the first points of the second quarter?
Which player scored the only points for the Bills in the second quarter?
Which team was leading the game at the end of the third quarter?
Which team scored the first points of the fourth quarter?
How many wins did the Bengals have on record before this game?
WHich player scored the final points of the game?
How many points did the Bills need to win the game?
How many field goals were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the TD pass to Snelling?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the first field goal made by Brant?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the field goal made by Mare?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the TD pass caught by Jenkins?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the TD pass caught by White?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD run by Lynch and the second field goal made by Bryant?
How many yards did Seattle lead with at the beginning of the game
how many yards was Bryants field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
After this game was finished, how many more games at Atlanta won in the season than they had lost?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the second half?
Which player had the first touchdown catch of the game?
Which player had the first touchdown catch?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
In quich quarter did Atlanta score their first touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Brown and the TD pass to Davis?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Brown and the TD run by Jackson?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Brown and the field goal made by Kaeding?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Brown and the TD run by Tolbert?
How many is the difference in the yards of the first field goal made by Brown and the second field goal made by Brown?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many passing touchdowns Phillip Rivers have?
How many touchdown passes did Bradford complete?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Nate Kaeding?
How many more field goals did Josh Brown score over Nate Kaeding?
Which field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown make?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 50 yards?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals over 35 yards did Josh Brown score?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Josh Brown or Nate Kaeding?
How many more field goals did Josh Brown make over Nate Kaeding?
Which field goals did Josh Brown make?
How many total field goal yards did Josh Brown make?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Josh Brown's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which kicker kicked the least amount of field goals?
How many yards was Josh Brown's longest field goal?
How many scores did the Rams get in the first quarter?
Which team failed to score any points in the first quarter?
Which player scored second in the first quarter?
Which player scored first in the second quarter?
Which player threw the first TD pass of the game?
Which team kicked the longest field goal?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
Which team lost the game?
How many people did the US population grow by between 1860 and 1900?
How many years did it take for the US population to grow from 132 million to 316 million?
How many more people lived in the US in 1810 compared to 1790?
How many more people lived in the US in 2013 compared to 1790?
Which moved slower, population growth or economic?
How many millions did the US population grow from 1790 to 1810?
Was the US population bigger in 1940 or 2013?
How many millions of people did the United States gain between 1790 and 1810?
How many years did it take to grow the US population from 4 million to 316 million?
How many millions of people did the population increase by from 1790 to 1810?
How many millions of people did the population increase by from 1810 to 1900?
How many millions of people did the population increase by from 1790 to 2013?
How many people did the US population grow between 1860 and 1900?
How many more people did the US have in 2013 than 1940?
How many less people did the US have in 1790 versus 1810?
Which grew faster population or economic?
How many years did it take to reduce carbon emissions per house by 28%?
How many years did the 28% reduction in carbon emissions take?
What natural gas site was depleted before the Corrib gas field was due to come on?
What is Ireland's best source of renewable energy?
How many years was it expected to meet the goal of reduction in carbon emissions per house in Ireland?
What is the new development in Ireland used for?
What is  Ireland's renewed  production rate?
How many in percent for the energy requirements weren't produced by renewable sources for Ireland in 2011?
How many years was the timespan that the SEAI reported an 28% reduction in carbon emissions per house?
What metres of proven reserves of gas?
How many years did it takes carbon emissions per house?
How many percents of Ireland's 2011 energy requirements were not produced by renewable sources according to the Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland?
How many field goals did Blair Walsh kick?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made that were more than 30 yards?
How many touchdown passes did Matthew Stafford throw?
Which player scored the first points?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were scored in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many losses did the Lions have before this one?
Which team allowed the most points in the fourth quarter?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd half?
How many touchdowns did the lions score in the 2nd half?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Walsh kick?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals did Hanson kick?
How many field goals were scored during the first half?
Which kicker had more total yards?
In which quarter were there no touchdowns?
Were there more field goals or touchdowns during the game?
Which location was conquered by Agung first, Wirasaba or Tuban?
How many years after conquering Wirasaba did Agung conquer Tuban?
At what location did Agung win a battle in January 1616?
Which happened last, Hanyakrakusuma rising to the throne or Agung conquered Tuban?
Who gained naval supremacy in 1619?
What happened when Agung conquered Tuban?
What was the result of Agung controlling Tuban's shipbuilding?
Why were Surabayan troops defeated?
Who initially had naval supremacy?
How many years after Hanyakrakusuma rose to the throne did Agung conquer Wirasaba?
Who did Agung conquer first, Wirasaba or Tuban?
How many years after Agung conquered Wirasaba did Agung conquer Tuban?
Which city did the army find itself in after being tricked by Tuban, Siwalan or Pajang?
Who won a battle in 1617, Pajang or Mataram?
Which army won an attack in 1614, Surabayan  or Mataram?
Which victories did Agung achieve?
How many years after Agung conquered Wirasaba did he conquer Tuban?
Which did Agung conquer first, Wirasaba or Tuban?
How many years after Hanyakrakusuma rose to the throne of Mataram did he conquer Wirasaba?
How many points did Washington score in the first quarter?
How many points did Washington have at the half?
How many points did the Panthers have at the half?
How many more points did the Redskins have at the half?
Which team lost this game?
How many wins did the Panthers have before this game?
How many points did the Panthers score in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Redskins score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Panthers score in the first half?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many yards did Campbell complete?
How many yards did the Redskins close out with?
How many yards did Kasay kick?
How many yards did Stewart run for the TD?
How many points did Delhomme pass?
Which players were responsible for the safety?
Was the longest field goal in the first half or second half?
How many yards longer was the field goal in the second half than the first half?
How many losses did the Redskins have after the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop make?
How many Field Goals did Nick Folk make?
How many field goals were there in the second quarter?
What was the previous name of the Kansas City Chiefs?
How many field goals were made in this game between the two teams?
How many touchdowns of over 35 yards were there in the second half?
What players threw multiple touchdowns in the game?
Which Chiefs had receiving touchdowns?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were kicked?
Which all players made a field goal by halftime?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What player made the shortest two field goals?
What all touchdowns did Matt Cassel make?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop kick?
How many yards was Ryan Succop's shortest field goal?
How many yards was Ryan Succop's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the first half compared to the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the shortest field goal in the first half compared to the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
How many yards longer was the second longest touchdown compared to the shortest over the entire game?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first half or in the second half?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Miles Austin have compared to Dwayne Bowe?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Miles Austin have compared to Tashard Choice?
How many more yards in field goals did Nick Folk have compared to Ryan Succop?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns over the entire game?
How many touchdowns were between 10 and 40 yards long?
In which quarter did Gostkowski score the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was Bailey's first field goal than Gostokowski's first field goal?
Who scored the longest field goal?
How many yards was Bailey's longest field goal?
How many points were the Cowboy's trailing by at the half?
At the beginning of the second half, which teams opening drive was less yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored during the game?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the War of the Spanish Succession, or the Treaty of Utrecht?
What event happened first, the death of childless Charles II or the fighting being deadlocked?
What event happened first, the death of childless Charles II, or Britian effectively withdrawing?
What was King Philip of Spain's relationship to Louis XIV?
How was Charles related to Joseph I?
How many countries had territories divided with Spain?
Who was Emperor first, Archduke Charles or his brother Joseph I?
How many yards was the last field goal?
In which quarter did neither team score?
In what quarter did both teams score a touchdown?
How many points did the Buccaneers lead by at halftime?
How many sacks did the Chiefs have in the game?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many passes did Thigpen complete?
How many sacks did the Chiefs defense have?
How many total points were scored?
Which team performed a comback to win the game?
How many touchdowns did the Chiefs score in the first half?
How many total touchdowns did Tyler Thigpen account for?
Who scored first
Who made the winning move
Which team scored first in the game?
Who caught the first TD pass?
How many 30+ yard field goals Graham kick?
How many touchdown catches did Gronkowski have?
How many touchdown receptions did Mike Wallace catch?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were thrown in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
how many yards did jones-drew get?
how many yards was mannings td run?
how many yards was keiths td run?
how many yards did manning complete to clark
How many more yards was Adam Vinatieri first field goal compared to his second?
How many more yards was Kenton Keith's touch down run compared to Peyton Manning's touch down run?
How many more yards was the touch down pass Peyton Manning threw to Dallas Clark compared to Maurice Jones-Drew's touch down run?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many field goals did Vinatieri kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri make?
How many 1-yard touchdown runs were there?
Who caught a 35-yard touchdown reception?
How many touchdown runs measured 4 yards or less in distance?
Which player scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
What happened first: rebellion in Hauran erupted or Zuqan was captured and executed?
What happened second: rebellion in Hauran erupted or Zuqan was captured and executed?
How many years after the rebellion in Hauran erupted in 1909 did Zuqan, the leader of the revolt, get executed?
Who did Sami Pasha al-Farouqi lead the Ottoman expeditionary force in battling?
Which leader ended up winning in the clashes between the Druze and Ottoman-backed local villagers?
What was the fate of Zuqan al-Atrash?
Who were the two leaders of the battles?
Which happened last, Zuqan leading a battle near al-Kafr or his capture?
Who did Zuqan battle at Damascus?
What troops did Zuqan face at al-Kafr?
Who was the leader of the Druze?
What was the halftime score?
How did Hartley miss the final field goal attempt?
Who dominated the first quarter and what was the score?
What quarter did Tampa Bay tie the game?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bucaneers win by?
How many more men served on the western front than in the middle east?
How many total casualties did the Indian soliders suffer during World War I?
Were there more men serving on the Western Front or in the Middle East?
How many Indian soldiers were either wounded or killed during World War I?
Which country did India side with?
What did India hope to win by fighting against Germany?
How many casualties were their for the Indian soldiers?
Who lead the campaign for full Indian Independence?
How many Indian soldiers lived through the war in all?
How many more men served in the Middle East than served on the Western Front?
How many more Indian soldiers were wounded than killed during World War I?
How many Indians were at least injured in WW1?
How many men in total served in the Western Front and the Middle East?
How many more men served on the Middle East than on the Western Front?
How many Indian soldiers were killed and wounded during World War I
How many points were scored total in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in overtime?
How many points were scored during the game?
How many dry-season raids took place against Pegu?
Did the Toungoo armies have more cavalry or more war elephants?
How many of Toungoo's raids, or campaigns, were there in the 1530's?
What term is used to describe the gunpowder-based weaponry that Tungoo was missing?
What geographical description of the Toungoo land is given to partially explain why the Toungoo may have gone on the offensive?
What happened first: preemptive war launched under Hanthawaddy or Binnya Law and Kyan withstood the raids?
What happened second: preemptive war launched under Hanthawaddy or Binnya Law and Kyan withstood the raids?
How many dry-season raids were there?
Who was born first: Binnya Ran or King Takayutpi of Hanthawaddy?
Who was born second: Binnya Ran or King Takayutpi of Hanthawaddy?
King Takayutpi could not get help from subordinates in how many areas?
How many years did the initial dry-season raids last?
The initial dry-season raids were done where?
What was there more of, cavalry or war elephants?
What was there more of, men or cavalry?
How many times did Toungoo launch raids?
Which year was the first year Toungoo launched a raid, 1534, 1535, 1536 or 1537?
How many times did Toungoo's raids succeed against Pegu?
Which did Toungoo have less of, cavalry or war elephants?
How many years did Toungoo's dry-season raids last?
What person's subordinates in the Irrawaddy delta and Martaban did not send any help
Where were the failed dry-season raids?
Which group had access to firearms?
How many points was the Denvers final score?
How many yards was the first score?
How many points was The Buccaneers final score?
How many years had it been since the Bronco's clinched division titles?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How many field goals did  Tampa Bay kicker Connor Barth successfully convert?
How many field goals did Matt Prater successfully convert?
How many field goals were successfully made from 31 yards?
How many touchdown passes did Peyton Manning throw?
How many yards was the shortest td scored from?
How many yards was the distance of the longest td play?
How many td passes did Mike Williams catch?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made that were over 49 yards?
What all touchdowns did Josh Freeman make?
What all touchdowns did Peyton Manning make?
What all field goals did Connor Barth make?
Which players made field goals longer than 30-yards?
How many yards difference was Peyton Manning's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Josh Freeman's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many touchdowns did Palmer score?
how many yards was grahams field goal?
how many yards did palmer get?
how many yards was gradkowskis td pass?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which army had less men?
How many more men did the Timurid army have compared with Bayezid's army?
How many Serbian Vassals participated?
How many more soldiers did the Timurid have than Bayezid?
How many army members for Timurid and Bayezid?
How many of troops were in the exaggerated claims?
Did the Timuridarmy have less cavalry or elephants?
How many contingents did the Ottoman forces include?
How had more vassals, the Serbians or the Albanians?
How many men and elephants did the Timurid army have?
How many more men did the Timurid army have than the Bayezid army?
How many more troops did a German witness claim than Ahmad ibn Arabshah's claim?
How many Albanian vassals participated?
How many men and war elephants did Timurid's army consist of?
How many more men than war elephants did Timurid's army consist of?
How many more, including war elephants and Calvary did the Timurid army have then Bayezid's army?
How many more soldiers were in the Timurid army than in the Bayezid army?
Which army had the least number of soliders, Bayezid or Timurid?
How many Christian vassals did not participate?
Which army had more vassals participating, Ottoman or Albanian?
Which player scored the games first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Luck throw for?
How many total points were scored?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts win by?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
Which player had the first receiving touchdown?
How many times did the titans score in the first half?
How many players scored two TD passes apiece?
How many points was the lead in the first quarter?
How many TD passes did Freeman throw?
How many total points were scored in the game?
What was the former year of the Civil War Centennial?
What was the latter year of the Civil War Centennial?
What was the former 1/10 of a century for the popularity of reenactments?
What was the latter 1/10 of a century for the popularity of reenactments?
When was the stand at Rorke's Drift?
How many Zulus were there for every British soldier at the Grand Military Fete at the Cheltenham Winter Gardens?
When was the Storming of the Winter Palace reenacted?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
How many years did Civil War Centennial commemorations occur?
How many more Zulus than British Soldiers were there at Rorke's Drift?
What reenactment influenced scenes in Sergei Eisenstein's film October?
How many years after the Storming of the Winter Palace was the first reenactment?
In what year was the original stand at Rorke's Drift?
How many men were the British outnumbered by at the Grand Military Fete at the Cheltenham Winter Gardens?
How many years after the Civil war did modern reenacting begin?
How many years after the 1917 Storming of the Winter Palace was there a reenactment of the event?
How many years after the Battle of Gettysburg was it reenacted at The Great Reunion?
In what year did the Battle of Gettysburg take place?
How many years did the Civil War Centennial commemorations last?
Who was the largest group to attend a Civil War reenactment?
Which was the first Civil War reenactment?
By how many men were the British sodiers outnumbered by the Zulus?
What year did Rorke's Drift occur?
What year did the Battle of Gettysburg occur?
How many years after the 1917 Storming of the Winter Palace did the first reenactment occur?
How many field goals did the Broncos have in the first half?
Who lead the Broncos is receptions?
Which Patriot had two touchdowns?
How many second half touchdowns did Brady have?
Who scored a touchdown on his first reception of the season?
Which player caught a touchdown reception at the start of the second half?
How many years after his book was published did Reed pass away?
Which was finished first the work by John Reed or by Sergei Eisenstein?
How many months later was Ten Days that Shook the World released in New York after being released in the USSR?
How many years passed after the October revolution and before Reed's book about it was published?
how many yards did willis mcgahee run?
How many field goals did Kaeding have?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback threw for the most touchdown passes?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who lost 4-7
Who scored first quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the 2nd half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Rivers or Boller?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Kaeding kick in the fourth quarter?
How many years did the Italian War of 1542-46 last?
How many days was it between when Charles V arrived in Champagne and when French outposts were overrun?
How many days was it between When Charles V arrived in Champagne and when Jalons surrendered?
How many days was it between when French outposts were overrun and when Jalons surrendered?
How many years did the Italian War last?
What happened first, the beginning of St. Dizier seige, or the arrival of Charles V?
How many years did the Italian war last?
How many months did the French outposts near the besieged town were overun and the town surrendered
How many years did the Italian War go on for?
When was Rene of Chalon shot?
How many days did it take for the town to surrender?
How many years was the Italian War?
What day did Rene of Chalon die?
How many days did the siege last after Charles V arrived on July 13?
Which attacks took overlapped in 1544?
How many years did the Italian war go on for?
When was René of Châlon, Prince of Orange shot?
Who surrendered their army on August 17, Charles V or Dauphin Henry?
How many years after the Italian War began did the Siege of St. Dizier take place?
What was the date where René of Châlon, Prince of Orange was struck by a shot from the defenders?
How many years did the Italian War last?
What day did René of Châlon, Prince of Orange die?
What was the date that an imperial commander, René of Châlon, Prince of Orange was shot by the defenders?
What day did an imperial commander, René of Châlon, Prince of Orange die with the Emperor by his bed?
How many days after Charles V arrived at the Siege with his army did the town surrender?
Which happened first, the Siege of St. Dizier began or Charles V arrived with his army in St. Dizier?
How many years did the Italian War take place?
Where did Charles V go after he left St. Dizier?
When did pope Urban V begin a crusade against Bosnia?
When did pope Benedict XII begin a crusade against Bosnia?
How many years did these events span from?
What happened first, Innocent suspended the crusade, or a crusade against Bosnia being preached again?
How many popes preached for for cursades against Bosnia?
How many years after Pope Urban V preached for a crusade against Bosnia did the Ottoman conquest of Bosnia occur?
How many years after Pope Innocent IV began urging the Hungarians to undertake another crusade did he suspend the crusade?
How many crusades were against Bosnia?
Who supported the crusade against Bosnia?
Who supported Bosnia?
Which happened first, the crusades against Bosnia, or the Ottoman conquest of Bosnia?
What was the last castle belonging to the Knights to fall?
How many cities did the Knights have strongholds in?
How many nations aided the Prussians?
How many times did Culm experience a raid by Skalmantas?
How many years passed between the arrival of the first reinforcement to the Teutonic forces and the reinforcements from the Rhineland?
Who assisted the Sambians in the Siege of Königsberg?
What happened first, the Siege of Königsberg, or the Natangians retreat?
How many strongholds were the Knights left with in Prussia?
What was the last castle to fall?
Where did Herkus Monte attack first, Königsberg or CUmberland?
Who raided Cumberland and Kuyavia?
How many ranks of defense in the league did the free agents help the 49ers move up?
How many more return yards did Sanders have compared to Merton Hanks?
How many more sacks did Stubblefield have than Bryant Young?
How many places did the 49ers jump in defense in the league?
How many places did the 49s jump in the defese again the run?
How many more tackles did Norton have than Bryant Young?
How many interceptions did Merton Hanks and Sanders have in all?
How many combined return yards did Merton Hanks and Sanders have in all?
How many more return yards did Sanders have than Merton Hanks?
How many touchdown returns over 80 yards did Sanders have in one season?
How many more interceptions did Merton Hanks have than Tim McDonald?
How many more tackles did Norton have compared to Young?
Who had more interceptions in the Pro Bowl, Merton Hanks or Sanders?
How many more return yards did Sanders have compared to Hanks in the Pro Bowl?
Which player had more touchdowns in the Pro Bowl, Tim McDonald or Sanders?
Who recorded more sacks, Dana Stubblefield or Bryant Young?
Who accomplished less tackles, Bryant Young or Norton?
How many of Merton Hanks touchdown returns were 90 years or above?
How many more yards was the 90 yard touchdown return from the lowest touchdown around 70?
How many points did the Browns score in the first half?
How many yards difference was there between the one field goal in the first quarter and the two field goals in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many points did the Browns lose by?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference is there between the longest touchdown pass and the shortest touchdown pass?
How many more yards were gained on second quarter field goals when compared against first quarter field goals?
How many total yards were gained on field goals during the first two quarters of this game?
How many yards of distance did the average length of field goals measure when only the initial two quarters are observed?
How many yards of difference were there between the shortest field goal of the first half compared to the first touchdown scored?
Which quarterback's initial touchdown was shorter?
Which player scored the shortest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many total points did both teams combine for?
Which team had more than 60 yards of offense in the first half?
Which team scored more than 3 points in the first half?
How many points did the Saints win by?
How many points were the Saints winning by at halftime?
How many Bears receivers caught touchdown passes?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
How many more is the 45 yard goal compared to the 36 yard goal?
How many less is the 36 yard goal compared to the 45 yard goal?
How many more is the 45 yard goal compared to the 23 yard goal?
How many less is the 23 yard goal compared to the 45 yard goal?
How many more is the 45 yard goal compared to the 22 yard goal?
How many less is the 22 yard goal compared to the 45 yard goal?
How many more is the 36 yard goal compared to the 23 yard goal?
How many less is the 23 yard goal compared to the 36 yard goal?
How many more is the 36 yard goal compared to the 22 yard goal?
How many less is the 22 yard goal compared to the 36 yard goal?
How many field goals did David Akers kick?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw?
how many yards did cutler complete?
how many yards did gould make?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many more total yards of field goals did David Akers make than Robbie Gould?
How many yards longer was David Akers longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than Robbie Gould's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Michael Vick Make?
How many more total yards of touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make than Michael Vick?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than Jay Cutler's shortest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did David Akers make?
How many more total yards of field goals did David Akers make than Robbie Gould?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many 36-yard field goals did David Akers make?
How many yards longer was David Akers' longest field goal than Robbie Gould's longest field goal?
How many total  yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Michael Vick make?
How many more total yards of touchdown passes did Jay Cutler make than Michael Vick?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Michael Vick's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many field goals over 35 yards were made?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many more field goals were kicked by Akers than by Gould?
How many more touchdowns did Cutler throw than Vick?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Tampa Bay lead in the fourth quarter?
Which team had the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored in regulation?
Who was unable to score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick during the game?
Which team scored first in the game?
how many yards did freeman complete?
how many yards did blount run?
how many yards did freeman throw?
how many points did tampa lead till detroit came in?
Which player scored in overtime?
Which team scored first?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
How many people and families are in the county according to the census?
How many households and families are in the county according to the census?
How many more people than households are in the county according to the census?
How many more households than families are in the county according to the census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: households or families?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many people are there per 5 square miles?
How many people are there per 20 square miles?
How many people are there per 12 square miles?
How many people were there per household, on average?
How many percent of the population were considered to be of only one race?
Which groups are at least 50000 in size?
Which groups are between 29000 and 45000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Who threw the most interceptions?
How many passes did Tom Brady throw?
How many rushing yards did the Patriots have?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fifth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fifth longest TD pass?
How many total yards of TD passes did Brady throw?
How many total yards of TD passes did Manning throw?
Which team lost the game?
How many losses did the Patriots have coming into this game?
How many wins did both teams have combined after this game?
How many points did Carolina win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many times did the Ravens score from the 1 yard line?
How long was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who caught the second longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which players had 1-yard touchdowns in the game?
How many yards were all the Ravens' touchdowns combined?
How many yards longer was Prater's field goal than Cundiff's?
How many yards was the third longest touchdown?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
Which players scored multiple touchdowns?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
How many more yards were all of Brandon Lloyd's touchdowns compared to all other touchdowns combined?
Were there more yards in touchdowns or field goals?
How many touchdowns in the game, in terms of percentage rounded to the nearest integer, were scored by either Ray Rice or Brandon Lloyd?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Brandon Lloyd have compared to Ray Rice?
How many more yards in touchdowns did Willis McGahee have compared to Ray Rice?
How many touchdowns were scored under 5 yards?
From what yard lines were the two longest touchdowns scored?
Which player had touchdowns over 35 yards?
What year did the siege start?
How many days passed between the fall of Smolensk and the explosion leading to the fall of the fortress?
How many days after Smolensk fell to the poles was a mine thrown into a canal?
How many days after a mine was thrown in the sewer did the fortress fall?
How many days after  Smolensk had finally fallen to the Poles did Nowodworski insert a mine into a sewer canal?
What date did the fortress fall from the explosion due to the mine?
Which happened last, Mikhail Borisovich was captured at Smolensk, or Bartłomiej Nowodworski inserted a mine into a sewer canal?
How many days after Smolensk fell to the Poles did Cavalier of Malta Bartlomiej Nowodworski inserta  mine into a sewer canal?
Who had blown themselves up with gunpowder in the Assumption Cathedral, the Russian Soldiers or the Polish troops?
How many days after Smolensk fell to the Poles did Cavalier of Malta Bartłomiej Nowodworski insert a mine into a sewer canal?
What day did the fortress fall?
How many years did these events span for?
Which came first, the constitution of 1919 or act on religious freedom of 1922?
How many years was Finland  a part of the Russian Empire 1809 before it gained independence 1917?
How many years do these events span from?
Which event happened first, Penguin Group Inc. forming, or US Department of Justice filing United States v Apple.
How many percents of control of the Penguin Random House merger does Pearson not control?
How many years after the Penguin Groups was formed, originally called Penguin Putnam Inc but changed its name to Penguin Group Inc?
How many touchdowns did Lee Evans have?
How many field goals did Josh Scobee kick?
How many 49-yard field goals did Scobee kick?
How many field goals did Scobee make?
In which quarter did Scobee make most field goals?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many total touchdown passes were thrown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards did Josh Scobee make?
How many TD passes did David Garrard throw in the second half?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals of over 30 yards were made in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game for the Jaguars?
How many players scored two touchdowns?
How many field goals over 45 yards were made?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many more field goals did Scobee make than Lindell?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
Who completed the longest TD pass?
Who completed the second longest TD pass?
Who completed the third longest TD pass?
Who completed the fourth longest TD pass?
Who made the longest field goal?
Who made the second longest field goal?
Who made the third longest field goal?
Who made the fourth longest field goal?
Who made the fifth longest field goal?
Who made the sixth longest field goal?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Scobee kick in the second quarter?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
Who replaced Jay Cutler?
Who did the Dolphins play before the Browns?
Who did the Raiders lose to?
How many points difference is there between Jake Delhomme's touchdown pass and Chad Henne's touchdown pass?
How many quarters did the Ravens score in?
How many yards was McKnight's first run past 100?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens defense score?
Who could not make a comeback
Who led second quarter
Whhat was the longest kickoff
Who scored on the longest play of the game?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored by the defenses?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many 38 yard field goals did Cundiff kick?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which Ravens players scored in the first half of the game?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest play of the game than the second longest play of the game?
Which player scored in the second longest play of the game?
How many 38-yard field goals were made in the game?
Which player scored more than one 38-yard field goal?
How many yards of a difference was there between the longest touchdown play and the shortest?
How many yards longer was Jameel McClain's touchdown than the shortest touchdown play of the game?
How many total yards were made by field goal in the game?
Which players scored field goals?
How many field goals over 30 yards were kicked in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the fourth quarter?
Were more points scored in the first or second half of the game?
How many total yards in the game were returned after a fumble that resulted in a touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns did Drew Brees throw?
Which team scored the longest field goal, the Saints or Falcons?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Brees or Ryan?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many actors have portrayed Fairfax?
Who portrayed Fairfax in Winstanley?
Who played Fairfax in God's Revolution?
Which was produced first, God's Revolution or To Kill A King?
Which film portrayed Fairfax's life first , To Kill a King  2003 or Simon 1953?
Which novel portrayed Fairfax life first, The Rider of the White Horse or Marston Moor?
How many times did Fairfax appear in media?
When did Fairfax first appear?
When did Fairfax appear right after 2003?
How many times did Fairfax appear in a film?
Where did Fairfax appear first, in Ken Hughes film Cromwell or played by Jerome Willis in the film Winstanley?
How many years after Fairfax was a character in Rosemary Sutcliff's Simon was he a pivotal character in To Kill a King?
Who  pass on a 20-yard?
How many yard was Mason Crosby nailed?
In which quarter was all Packers found Jermichael Finley?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the first running touchdown of the game?
Who caught the final touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Green Bay have in the first quarter?
How many points did Green Bay lead by at the half?
How many TD passes did Rodgers throw?
How many total points were scored?
How many total points were scored between both teams?
How many touchdowns did Cameron score?
How many field goals did Cundiff have?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Packers winning by at halftime?
Which kicker kicked more field goals in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns lose the game by?
How many passing touchdowns five yards or under were scored?
How many interceptions were returned for a touchdown?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
What was the longest touchdown scored?
How many touchdowns were between 40 and 50 yards?
How many touchdowns were from under 10 yards?
How many field goal attempts were made, whether they succeeded or not?
How many field goals were kicked from longer than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Did John Kasay kick more field goals in the first or second quarter?
Who threw the most touchdown passes in the first two quarters?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Kasay make than Tynes?
Which team scored a safety?
After this game, how many games had the Rams lost?
Who scored first in this game?
Which team made the last score of this game?
After this game, how many games had the Rams won this season?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Jeff Wilkins or Josh Brown ?
How many field goals of 40 yards or more did Wilkins make?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 10 yards?
How many field goals occured before half time?
How many field goals occured in the third and fourth quarters?
How many yards did Wilkins kick in field goals during the entire game?
What two players kicked field goals during the game?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Wilkins kick in total?
How many field goals did Brown kick in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of field goals did Wilkins make?
How many total yards of field goals did Brown make?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Wilkins kick compared with Brown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
When did the first event happen?
When did the second event happen?
What happened first, Robert serving in the Danish service or Swedish service?
What was Robert's rank in the Danish army?
What were the dates of the Thirty Years' War?
When did the Thirty Years' War begin?
When did the Thirty Years' War end?
Where did Robert serve last, the Danish or Swedish service?
How many Generals and Majors combined were there in the Swedish Army during the Thirty Years' War?
Which had more in the army, the Captains or the Colonels?
How many years did the war last?
Was he in the Danish service or the Swedish service first?
How many years passed from when he became an officer in Donald Mackay's regiment to when the Battle of Lutzen began?
Besides the soldiers  and captains how many of the other ranks were there?
How many fewer households were there than people in the census?
How many percentage points difference is there between the number of people who speak English at home vs Spanish at home?
How many people in population density according to the census of 2000 would there be within 3 square miles?
How many different langueges are spoken at home according to the 2000 census of this county?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent did not speak English?
How many percent did not speak Spanish language?
How many percent did not speak French language at home?
As of the 2000 census, how many people did not speak only English at home?
Which language had more speakers at home as of the 2000 census, Spanish or German?
Which language had more speakers at home as of the 2000 census, German or French?
Which language had more speakers at home as of the 2000 census, Spanish or French?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many percent did not speak German?
How many percent did not speak French at home?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak only English at home?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak Spanish?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak German?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak French at home?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the census: households or families?
Besides English, what was the next popular language spoken in homes?
How many percent more of the population spoke English than spoke Spanish, German, and French combined?
How many more percent of the residents were of the most populous single race than were of two or more races?
Which groups are at least 150000 in size?
Which groups are between 90000 and 150000 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Were there more people or households in the county?
What was the second most common language spoken at home?
What was the second least common language spoken at home?
What was the most common language spoken at home?
How many percent of people spoke Spanish, German or French at home?
How many percent more people spoke English compared with Spanish or German?
How many more percent of people spoke English as opposed to German or French at home?
How many more percent of people were in the most populous racial group compared with the second highest?
Which team made the only score of the first quarter?
Which team was ahead in the third quarter?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Chris Boswell’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Le'Veon Bell first touchdown run compared to his last?
Which team allowed the fewest points in the first half??
How many total yards did Tyrod Taylor pass for touchdowns?
How many more yards was Tyrod Taylor's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many total yards did Chris Boswell kick for field goals?
When did the Adil Shah arrive with the bulk of his forces?
On what day did Adil Shan arrive?
How many of the bombards were not of colossal size?
What day did the Adil Shah arrive?
How many bombards were not colossal size?
How many men, horse, elephants combined in Nuri Khan army?
Who arrived with the vanguard of the army from Bijapur?
Did the army have more arquebusiers or horses?
Did the army have more elephants or horses?
Did the army have more men or horses?
How many more arquebusiers did the army have compared to elephants?
How many more horses did the army have compared to elephants?
How many more animals were in the forces than men on foot?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick in the first half?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Suisham kick during the first half?
Which team score more points during the second quarter?
How many incomplete passes did Campbell throw?
How many yards did Suisham get?
How many yards did Betts run?
How many yards did Tynes get?
how many yards did Portis run?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
How many first half field goals did Pittsburgh have?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Suisham have in the first half?
How many passes did Jason Campbell complete?
Which team scored more field goals?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham make in the first half?
How many more wins compared to losses did the Giants have on the year?
How many yards shorter was Suishams shortest field goal of the first half than his longest?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first half, Suisham or Tynes?
Which team was leading at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many games of their last six games have the Buccaneers lost?
How many points did the Buccaneers need at the start of the second half to get back the lead?
How many losses did the Buccaneers come into this game at?
How many wins could the Buccaneers have had if they would have won this game?
Which team allowed the most overall points for the game?
How many losses did the Buccaneers have before the game?
What religious position did King Chakkraphat adopt?
Who ruled after Chakkraphat?
In what year did the Burmese rule get challenged?
How was Bayinnaung feeling after Maha Chakkraphat revolted?
What happened first: Chakkraphat went back to Ayutthaya or Bayinnaung appointed Maha Thammaracha?
What happened second: Chakkraphat went back to Ayutthaya or Bayinnaung appointed Maha Thammaracha?
How many days after the city fell did Bayinnaung appoint Maha Thammaracha as vassal king
What year was the Burmese rule challenged, after Bayinnaung's death?
How many days after Setthathirath's army was defeated northeast of the city did the city finally fall?
How many months after Burmese armies arrived at Phitsanulok did the combined armies march down to Ayutthaya and lay siege to the city?
How many months did Phitsanulok withstand the siege?
Where did the Burmese army go first, Phitsanulok or Ayutthaya?
How many reinforcements did the Burmese troops get at Phitsanulok?
How many months passed between the arrival of the Burmese at Phitsanulok and the siege of Ayutthaya?
Who ruled first, Maha Chakkraphat or Mahin?
Who died first, Maha Chakkraphat or Mahin?
How many years after Mahin became king was his army severely defeated?
How many months did it take for the city to fall?
Who died first, Maha Chakkraphat or Maha Thammaracha?
Which happened first, Maha Chakkraphat wnet back to Ayutthaya, or he made an alliance with Setthathirath of Lan Xang?
How many months did Phitsanulok withstand the siege?
Who ruled first,  Maha Chakkraphat, or Mahin?
How many months did Maha Chakkraphat live after his pilgrimage?
How many months after the siege began in Ayutthaya did the city fall?
When did Maha Chakkraphat die?
After the appointment of Maha Thammaracha as vassal king, when was Burmese rule next challenged?
Who wrote the novel Waverley?
Who is Cumberland the uncle of?
Who replaced the artists that portrayed the Highlands as wild?
Who wrote poetry about the Scottish Romantic movement's reaction to Union later, Alan Ramsay or Robert Burns?
Who wrote about the Unionist history first, Burns or Sir Walter Scott?
Was tobacco leaf production higher in 1997 or 1992?
How many more million tons of tobacco leaf were produced in 1997 compared to 1971?
Was China's share of the world market bigger in 1971 or 1997?
Was China's import tarrif on foreign tobacco higher in 1999 or 2004?
When was the Intendencia of Manila attached to the Captaincy General of the Philippines
How many years were in between the creation of the Captaincy General and the Real Audiencia of Manila?
How many years was the capital in Cebu?
How many years was Cebu the capital of the Captaincy?
How many years was Manila the capital of the Captaincy?
Who ordered Carbajal to abide by the Royal Ordinance of Mayors in 1782?
How many years did it take to abolish the Intendencias in Ilocos, Camarines, Iloilo and Cebu?
How many years was Cebu the capital of Captaincy?
Which was the capital of Captaincy last, Cebu or Manila?
How many years did the Intendencias in Ilocos, Camarines, Iloilo and Cebu last?
Where the General Captains first pulled from civilians or from the military?
How many years went by between the Captaincy General of the Philippines being created and the Real Audiencia of Manila being established?
How many years was the Captaincy's capital in Cebu?
How many different places did Carbajal propose to establish more Intendencias?
From what group of people were General Captains chosen from after 1822?
How many years did the Captaincy have it's capital in Manila?
The Captaincy General of the Philippines was created as a dependency of the Viceroyalty of New Spain how many years before the Real Audiencia of Manila is established?
How many years did the Captaincy have its capital in Cebu?
How many years did the Captaincy have its capital in Manila?
The Captaincy had its capital city in what city for the longest amount of time?
Who is the quarterback of the Texans?
Who is the quarterback of the Falcons?
Which team beat the Texans in the previous week?
How many wins do the falcons have?
How many points did the Falcons get to start the scoring?
How many touchdowns did the Falcons score?
How many touchdowns did the Texan score?
How many more plays did the Chiefs run than the Chargers?
How many in completions did Rivers throw?
How many more minutes did the Chiefs have the ball over the Chargers?
Who threw for more yards, Rivers or Smith?
How many touchdowns did the Charges get before halftime?
Which quarter did the Chargers kick two field goals?
How many more yards was Novack's second field goal over his first?
How many total points were scored in the game?
Which team scored first in the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Where did Shaykh Khazal and Bakhtiari Khan meet the third time?
How many days did Shaykh Khazal and Bakhtiari's Khans meet?
What did the British give him other than men?
How many alliances did they try to attract?
How many other elements did the nucleus of the alliance try to attract?
How many days passed over Shaykh Khazal and Bakhtiari Khan's first meeting?
Over how many days did Shaykh Khazal and Bakhtiari Khan's meet in Dar-i Khazinah to eastablish a cooperation?
What two play conversions did the Lions gain in the fourth quarter to attempt a tie?
What new league record was set during this game?
How many yards was the first score of the game?
How many touchdown were scored in the game?
How many points did the Giants score in second quarter?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
Who kicked the longest field goal, Shaun Suisham or Lawrence Tynes?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points did Shaun Suisham narrow the lead by?
How many 1 yard touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play of the game?
How many fake field goals were attempted?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was the second field goal than the first?
How many yards were each of Tynes' field goals?
How many more field goals did Tynes make than Suisham?
Which players had 1-yard touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Which players caught touchdown passes from Ben Roethlisberger?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many yards difference exists between Ben Roethlisberger's longest and shortest touchdown passes?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards long was the shortest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown of the entire game?
Which players scored touchdowns from the 1-yard line?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 5 yards?
Which players kicked field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass compared to his shortest?
Were more yards of touchdowns scored in the first half or the second half?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many yards was the Giants last field goal?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
How many field goals did Carpenter have?
How many catches did Hartline have?
How many catches did Josh Reed have?
How many touchdowns did Ronnie Brown score?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
What location did the AFC East duel game occur at?
What player scored the first points of the game?
Which kicker scored the longest field goal?
How many total yards were gained on converted field goals?
How many yards separated the longest field goal with the second longest field goal?
How many touchdowns measured less than 5 yards of total distance?
Which players scored the shortest touchdown runs?
How many yards separated the two shortest touchdown runs?
How many yards were gained on touchdown receptions?
Which receiver had the 2nd shortest touchdown catch?
How many yards longer was Lindell's field goal kick in the first half than Carpenter's?
Which player's scored field goals over 30 yards in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Which Bills player scored first?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
How many points behind were the Bengals at the final?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
Which player scored first for the Bengals?
How many times did Bengals fail to convert on third down?
How many incomplete passes did Dalton have all game?
How many interceptions did the 49ers get?
How many points did the Bengals fall behind in this game?
How many scores were there in the first half?
Which team does Nugent play for?
Who had the longest touchdown scoring play of the game?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player had the longest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer is the longest field goal over the shortest one?
Which players made more than one longer than 30 yards field goals?
Which palyers' had field goals that were at most 30 yards?
How many yards did Trent Green complete?
How many yards did Folk kick?
How many yards did Romo pass?
How many yards did Dallas extend the lead with?
How many yards did Green complete?
How many points did Miami fall?
How many field goals did the player who scored the longest field goal kick over the course of the game?
How many total yards did the player who kicked the most field goals kick over the entire game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal to the second longest field goal?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards are the top two longest touchdown passes combined?
How many total yards did Trent Green throw for touchdowns?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 20 yards?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored more field goals, Nick Folk or Jay Feely?
How many total field goal yards did Jay Feely kick?
Which field goals did Jay Feely make?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest field goals?
How many touchdown passes between 5 and 25 yards were made?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jay Feely make?
How many total yards of field goals did Nick Folk make?
How many more yards of field goals did Nick Folk make than Jay Feely?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jay Feely's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk's longest field goal than Jay Feely's longest field goal?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest running touchdown than the shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Trent Green make?
How many yards longer was Trent Green's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Tony Romo's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Which kicker's first quarter field goal was shorter?
How many total yards did Folk have?
How many yards was the second longest field goal kick?
How many field goals were there between 25 and 35 yards?
Which player scored two touchdowns?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many games had the Steelers lost consecutively coming into this game?
What team scored second?
Who won?
How many points did the raiders win by?
How many points did the Steelers open with?
Who won the game?
How many points was the Steelers losing by with 8:21 remaining?
how many points did the Raiders win by?
How many points were the Steelers winning by during halftime?
What was the score at the end of the first quarter?
How many points did the Raiders score in all?
How many points did the Steelers score in all?
How many more points were scored by the Raiders in the second half than the first?
How many yards were the first two field goals combined?
How many points ahead were the Chargers after the second quarter?
How many points behind were the Raiders at the beginning of the fourth quarter?
What Raiders position was replaced in the second quarter?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many yards was the longest score of the game?
How many points did the Raiders score?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more points did the 49ers score than the Seahawks in the fourth?
How long was Frank Gore's touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in total in the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which quarter did neither team score?
How many fourth quarter touchdowns did the 49ers score?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many times did Alex Smith throw to Vernon Davis?
Who scored more points, Alex Smith or Matt Hasselbeck?
Who caught a 22-yard touchdown reception?
Who caught a 20-yard touchdown reception?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown reception over the second longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns were scored from longer than 15 yards out?
How many wins do the 49ers have for their last 4 games?
What quarter did the 49ers get on the board?
How many games did the 49ers win the Seahawks this season?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were made in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards of touchdown passes did Alex Smith make?
How many yards longer was Alex Smith's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals were made in the 1st half?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many people were sent to aid Bogusza?
Teutonic Knights said they have killed how many people by 1308?
How many total knights and supports went to aid Bogusza?
How many people did the Teutonic Knights claim were murdered?
How many people may have been murdered according to Błażej Śliwiński?
How many people did Günther von Schwarzburg lead all together?
How many total knights and supporters were there?
How many months after they arrived did the Knights take control of the castle and town?
who did Heinrich von Plotzke lead?
How many knights and supporters all together were there?
Who did Günther von Schwarzburg lead?
when did Günther von Schwarzburg's get to the castle?
What were in the hands of the Teutonic Knights?
Around how many people are said to have died?
What does  Peter Oliver agree happened to the city?
How many years after the German Empire stopped minting silver thaler coins did the U.S. Coinage Act come into being?
What had a higher value in 1900, silver dollars or gold dollars?
Which coin had a higher value in 1873, silver dollars or gold dollars?
How many years after the worldwide price of silver began to fall in 1871, did the U.S. Coinage Act get introduced?
How many years after the United States brought on the gold standard in 1873 did Canada abandon the gold standard?
Which dollar was worth more in 1935, the Straits dollar or the Hong Kong dollar?
Which value was higher by 1900, the silver dollar or the gold dollar?
what was the final score?
who lead in the first quarter?
How many more yards did Brady throw for than Roethlisberger?
How many touchdown passes did both quarterbacks combine for?
Which player caught the third longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the fifth longest touchdown pass?
Which caught the sixth longest touchdown pass?
Which caught the fifth longest touchdown pass?
Which caught the fourth longest touchdown pass?
How many total TD pass yards did Brady throw?
How many total TD pass yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
Which quarterback threw for more yards?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which players scored more than one touchdown?
Who scored a touchdown on their first career carry?
Who missed a field goal attempt at the end of the game?
How many points did the Raiders score against the Saints in this game?
How many points did the Saints score against the Raiders in this game?
how many yards did brees pass?
how many yards did Lutz kick?
How many points were the Raider's trailing by at the half?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
How many total points were scored during the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
Who took Colonel Robert Selway's place?
How many squadrons were disbanded when the 99th Fighter Squadron was assigned to the 477th on 22 June 1945
The 477th Composite Group was ended due to the disbandment of which bombardment and fighter squadrons?
HOw many years after the returned 99th Fighter Squadron was assigned to the 477th were they disbanded?
Who was in command of the 477th Composite Group last, Colonel Robert Selway or Colonel Benjamin O. Davis, Jr.?
How many Touchdowns did Brees throw?
How many point lead did Matt Praters 52 yard Field goal give The Lions?
How many yards was the last score of the game?
How many points was the lions first score?
How many field goals were made in this game?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many touchdowns did Drew Brees throw?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass thrown this game?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many total yards were Matt Prater's field goals in the third quarter?
How many points did Detroit win by?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Prater or Wil Lutz?
How many yards longer was Prater's longest field goal than Lutz's?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
How many yards did the Lions open with?
how many yards did matt prater finish?
how many yards did prater get in the third quarter?
how many yards out was Prater at half?
How many points did the Lions lead for the win?
From what distance did two players score touchdowns?
Which players scored one-yard touchdowns?
From what distances were each of Will Lutz's field goals?
From what distance were two field goals made?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal over his shortest field goal?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass over the shortest?
What was the first scoring play of the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Lions winning by at halftime?
How many points did the Lions win the game by?
How many yards longer was Prater's longest field goal than his shortest field goal?
How many people  initiated the devastating plagues?
How many different types of people did the plagues affect counting the indigenous inhabitants in the Americas?
How many of the 60,000 Mayan died?
How many things contributed to the Mayans deaths?
How many soldiers arriving in Mexico had carried smallpox?
How many factors led to the decline in population of the Maya groups?
What killed most Mayans in the first decade of colonial rule?
Which killed more people, disease or war?
How many years passed between the beginning of plagues and the fall of Nojpetén?
How many years did disease, war, and enforced relocations overlap?
Which killed more inhabitants, disease or war?
How many years were the Mayans devastated by the disease from America?
How many fellow revolutionaries disagreed with Madero?
How many months did the revolution last?
Porfirio Díaz agreed to restitution of the lands of the dispossessed how many days before the Treaty of Ciudad Juárez was signed?
What happened second, Díaz leaving for exile in Europe or Díaz claiming that he had heard the voice of the people of Mexico?
Corral agreed to resign how many months before Madero entered Mexico City in triumph?
How many months passed since Porfirio Díaz claimed that he had heard the voice of the people of Mexico to when Madero entered Mexico City in triumph where he was greeted with huge crowds shouting "¡Viva Madero!"?
Who demanded he resign?
How many people did Madero demand resign?
What did Madero believe they should do with Diaz?
How many people disagreed with Madero about his idea to ceasefire?
How many months into the year was there a treaty made?
How many months passed since the Treaty of Ciudad Juárez being signed and Madero entering Mexico City in triumph?
How many revolutionaries disagreed with Madero's ceasefire?
How many days after the signing did Díaz and Corral have to resign under the Treaty of Ciudad Juárez?
How many days after the Treaty of Ciudad Juárez was signed did Madero enter Mexico City in triumph?
who lead the first half of the game?
who won the game?
How many yards was Austin Collie's touchdown catch?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Where do the Patriots play?
What was Green Bay's record after this game?
How many points did Green Bay have at halftime?
How many scoring drives took place during the second half of the game?
How many points did the Packers score against the Patriots?
How many points did the Patriots score in their loss against the Packers?
What ailment caused Aaron Rodgers to not play against the Patriots in the 2010 game?
How many touchdowns from 10 yards or less did the Packers score?
How many points total were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored?
How many years did the Panic of 1910–1911 last?
How many years did the Panic last?
How many years after the Panic ended was the New York Stock Exchange closed for four and a half months?
How many days was the New York Stock Exchange closed for?
How many points higher was the New York Stock Exchange on December 12th, 1914, compared to July 30th, 1914?
How many points did the Dow rise between 1910 and 1919?
When was the average higher, July 30, 1914 or December 12, 1914?
How long was the stock market closed?
What was closed for 4 1/2 months?
How many days after the New York Stock Exchange suspended trading, did it reopen?
What period did the Dow close higher, the beginning of 1910 or the end of 1919?
How many points higher was the closing of the Dow at the end of 1919 compared to the beginning of 1910?
How many years after the end of the Panic of 1910-1911 did did the New York Stock Exchange suspend trading?
Who caught the shortest touchdown run?
How much time was left on the clock after the last score of the game?
Who caught Matt Flynn's second touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest play of the game?
How many different receivers caught touchdowns from Matt Flynn?
What was the second longest touchdown Matt Flynn threw?
How many receiving yards did Jordy Nelson have?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the 2nd half?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Flynn have in the 3rd quarter?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first quarter?
Who did the Raider fire?
how many yards did janikowski get?
how many yards did russell complete?
how many yards did did janikowski attempt to kick?
how many yards did Rivers pass to Antonio?
how many yards did Tomlinson run?
how many yards did Janikowski get in the fourth?
Which team did the Raiders lose to in week 3?
Which team allowed the most points in the first quarter?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
Who caught the longest receiving touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many catches did tim dwight catch?
How many field goals did Janikowski have?
How many touchdowns did Henry have?
How many touchdowns did Fargas score?
How many catches did Porter have?
Who scored fewer touchdowns in the first half?
Which team kicked more field goals in the third quarter?
How many of Russell's passes were incomplete?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Who scored a touchdown later, Tim Dwight or Travis Henry?
How many yards longer was Travis Henry's first touchdown compared to his second?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
From what yard line did Josh McCown throw 2 touchdown passes?
Were fewer field goals kicked in the third or fourth quarter?
Who scored a longer touchdown, Justin Fargas or Travis Henry?
How many yards longer was Justin Fargas' touchdown compared to Travis Henry's longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Justin Fargas' touchdown compared to Travis Henry's shortest touchdown?
How many field goals over 40 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many passes did JaMarcus Russell throw?
How many yards per pass attempt did JaMarcus Russell have?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown?
How many yards longer was Henry's first TD run over his second one?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Elam make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make than Jason Elam?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's shortest field goal than Jason Elam's shortest field goal?
How many 44-yard field goals were made in the game?
Which two players made 44-yard field goals?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards longer was Josh McCown's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
Which set of adults has more obese people, Texas or U.S. adults?
How many more adults were obese in 2000 than in 1990, in percentage?
In 2016, which gender of 10-17 years olds in Texas was more obese, males or females?
Which race saw the least in obesity, white, black, or Hispanic adults?
Between black adults and Hispanic adults, which was more obese?
Which degree holders were less obese, those with less than a high school education or college graduates?
Which sees a decrease in obesity rate, increase in household income or living in a rural area?
Which adult population has more incidence of obesity, Texans or U.S. adults?
How many more percent of Texan adults were obese than in the population of U.S. adults?
How many more percent of adults were obese in 2000 than were in 1990?
Are more females or males in Texas obese?
Which race had the highest population of obese adults?
How many more percent of Hispanic adults were obese than White adults?
How many percent less was the rate of obesity in Texas for college graduates than those with less than a high school education?
How many more percentage points of black adults than white adults were obese in Texas in 2016?
How many more percentage points of black adults were obese than Hispanic adults in Texas in 2016?
How many percentage points of Texans were obese compared to US adults?
How many more percentage points of adults were obese in 2000 vs 1990?
How many more percentage points of Texas females were obese than males?
Which was higher, the obesity rate of Texas adults or the obesity rate of U.S. adults?
How many percentage points higher was the obesity rate in 2000 compared to 1990?
Where there more obese males or females in Texas?
Which race had a higher percentage, Blacks adults or Hispanic adults?
Which percentage was higher in the Texas population, those with less than a high school education or those who were college graduates?
How many more Texan adults were obese in 2017 compared to U.S. adults?
How many more Black adults in Texas were obese compared to White adults?
How many more females in Texas were obese compared to males?
who was new york's quarterback?
who scored the most points?
who lead early in the game?
Was the touchdown run from Manning or the touchdown pass from Cleo Lemon longer?
How many yards of field goals were kicked during the game?
Of the three field goals that were kicked during the game how many of them were over 25 yards?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many field goals between 25 and 45 were scored?
Which players kicked field goals during the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
Which players scored touchdowns?
How many yards difference exists between Lawrence Tynes's longest and shortest field goal?
How many more field goal yards did Tynes score than Feely?
Who scored the only field goal between 25 and 30 yards?
How many pass attempts for Tom Brady were not caught?
Which team was the visiting team?
How many Patriot touchdowns were completed by passing instead of rushing?
Which team scored the first field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
How many passes did Brady miss?
Which team lost this game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored by Halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did New England win by?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught  the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points did the Jets score?
How many years do these events span for?
What event happened first, the Treaty of Windsor, or John succeeding his brother as King?
What event happened later, the Treat of Windsor, or John suceeding his brother as king?
How many years after Henry arrived and proclaimed Waterford and Dublin as Royal Cities did Pope Alexander III ratify the grant of Ireland to Henry?
How many years afterPope Alexander III ratify the grant of Ireland to Henry was the Treaty of Windsor passed?
Which cities did the Welsh and Flemish forces take?
Who did Pope Alexander III replace?
Who was the Dominus Hiberniae's father?
Who kicked the most field goals?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the longest and shortest field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Rob Bironas?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make over Rob Bironas?
Which field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
Which player scored more field goals over 45 yards, Sebastian Janikowski or Rob Bironas?
How many touchdowns did Jason Campbell throw?
How many points did the redskins score in the 2nd half?
Which team scored more points in the second half?
How many passes did Campbell miss?
How many touchdowns did the Jaguars score?
Which team had first possession?
How many points did the Jaguars put up in the second half?
Which team scored the fewest points in the first half?
how many died at the great swamp fight?
What happened first: Winslow led a combined force or force found the Narragansett fort?
What happened second: Winslow led a combined force or force found the Narragansett fort?
How many different militias did the force comprise of?
What happened first: Narragansett fort was founded or colonial forces returned homes?
What happened second: Narragansett fort was founded or colonial forces returned homes?
What happened first: Winslow led a combined force or force found the Narragansett fort?
What happened second: Winslow led a combined force or force found the Narragansett fort?
What happened first: the Great Swamp Fight or Rhode Island towns helped wounded?
What happened second: the Great Swamp Fight or Rhode Island towns helped wounded?
How many leaders in the 1545 massacres?
The Waldenses joined the local Protestant churches in how many countries?
Who were the leaders of the 1545 massacres?
How many countries did the Waldenses join the local Protestant churches in?
Which happened first, the Act of Settlement 1662 or the start of the "Patriot Parliament" in Dublin?
How many different names did the Declaration of Indulgence have?
What happened first William of Orange's death, or the Declaration of Indulgence?
What was one of Pope Innocent XI's final actions?
Where was James II better liked?
What happened first, the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, or the defeat of the Roman Catholics?
What happened first, the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, or the Act of Settlement?
How many other names does the Declaration of Indulgence have?
WHat happened first, James fleeing England, or James holding the "Patriot Parliament" ?
How many years passed between the defeat of the Irish and the Act of Settlement 1662?
How many years passed between the 1687 Declaration for the Liberty of Conscience  and James fleeing England?
How many years passed between the defeat of the Irish in 1652 and James fleeing England?
How many years passed between the defeat of the Irish and the Act of Settlement?
Which was passed first, the Act of Settlement, or the Declaration of Indulgence?
How many years were there between the passage of the Act of Settlement and the Declaration of Indulgence?
Who made the most scores?
How many out of four did the Chargers lose?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
How many yards was Gostkowski's longest field goal?
How many 22-yard field goals did Gostkowski boot?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which receiver had the most yards?
How many points did New England win by?
Which QB had more TD passes?
How many more field goals were made in the first half than the second?
How many more field goals did Gostkowski make than he missed?
How many total yards were all Gostkowski's field goals combined?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How was the game won?
Who won the game?
How many touchdown passes did Barkley throw in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Barkley throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Barkley throw in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Barkley throw in the second half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player scored more field goals, Mason Crosby or Connor Barth?
Who scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Packers?
How many yards was the longest TD play?
What player scored a rushing and passing touchdown?
What was the second longest offensive play of the game?
Which player had the longest scoring play of the game?
Which player scored the shortest touchdown of the game?
How many yards did the two shortest touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did the longest and shortest touchdown combine for?
How many yards was the average amount of yards rounded to the nearest whole number that Benson ran on each play he ran the ball?
Who scored first?
Who led in the second quarter
How many percentage points increase did the pensions for war widows see than the pensions for the war wounded?
Between how many years did the average real standard rate of income support from 300 DM to around 400 DM?
How many euros did unemployment assistance rise by between 1970 and 1974?
Which year saw the highest pension increase, 1973 or 1974?
Which years had pension go up by more than 10%?
In which year did the second lowest pension increase occur, 1970 or 1971?
Which year saw a higher increase of pensions for war victims, January 1971 or January  1972?
Which group saw a higher increase in pensions in 1972, orphans and parents or widows?
How many years did unemployment benefits rise from around 300 euros to around 400 euros per month?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards longer was Jeff Wilkins' second field goal over his first one?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game, Kevin Curtis or Steven Jackson?
How many touchdowns did the Rams score in the fourth quarter?
How many years did the raids last?
Who saw the largest amount of capture, Russo-Turkish War or Michael Khodarkhovsky?
How many factions controlled the region of Rus'?
How many years did the Crimean-Nogai last?
What happened first, the first Tatar raid, or the burning of Moscow?
How many years passed between the first Tatar raid and the last Tatar raid?
How many years did the Crimean-Nogai raids last for?
How many years after the ﬁrst major Tatar raid for slaves took place did the last major Tatar raid happen?
How many people were captured?
How many years did the Crimean-Nogai raids last?
How many years passed between Crimea's independence and Russian control?
What group's origin can be traced, at least in part, to the Crimean-Nogai raids?
How many years did Crimean-Nogai raids last
How many years after the last raid into Hungary by the Crimean Taters took place was the last major Tatar raid that took place during the Russo-Turkish War?
Which year had the highest crude birth rate, 2010, 2011 or 2001?
Which year had the lowest fertility rate, 2010 or 2011?
How many points did the total fertility rate decrease by in 2011 from 2010?
Which was higher for the Marmara region, the crude birth rate or total fertility rate?
In which year was the total fertility rate higher for Marmara, 2010 or 2011?
Which region had a higher crude birth rate, Marmara Region or Southeastern Anatolia Region?
Which region had a lower total fertility rate, Marmara region or Southeastern Anatolia Region?
In which year was the total fertility rate higher for Southeastern Anatolia Region, 2010 or 2011?
Which region had a higher total fertility rate, Kirklareli or Şanlıurfa?
By how many people had the Turkey crude birth rate per 1000 decrease between 2010 and 2011?
By how many people had the Turkey crude birth rate per 1000 decrease between 2001 and 2010?
Was the crude birth rate in 2010 in the Marmara Region more similar to that of Syria or Bulgaria?
Was the crude birth rate in 2010 in the Southeastern Anatolia Region more similar to that of Syria or Bulgaria?
Was the total fertility rate higher in 2010 or 2011?
Was the crude birth rate higher in 2011 or 2001?
Was the crude birth rate higher in the Marmara Region or the Southeastern Anatolia Region?
Was the total fertility rate in 2012 higher in Kırklareli or Şanlıurfa?
Was the total fertility rate higher in the Marmara Region or the Southeastern Anatolia Region?
How many more crude births per 1000 were there in Turkey in 2001 compared to 2011?
How many more crude births per 1000 were there in Turkey in 2010 compared to 2011?
How many more children per woman were there in Turkey in 2010 compared to 2011?
who beat the redskin's?
who kicked a 40 yd field goal
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many touchdowns did Dallas have in the first half?
How many points were the Jets trailing by at halftime?
How many incomplete passes did Romo throw?
How many touchdown passes of over 20 yards did Romo have?
In which quarter did both teams score?
How many yards longer was Nick Folk first field goal over his second?
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys score in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
Which player scored more field goals, Nick Folk or Mike Nugent?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which team beat the Redskins in week 11?
Which team failed to score in the first quarter?
Which kicker had the most field goals?
How many yards more was Nick Folks longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked in the third quarter?
How many more tackles did Chris Canty have than DeMarcus Ware?
How many more assists did DeMarcus Ware have than Chris Canty?
How many scores were there in the first period?
How many yards shorter was Tony Romo's shortest TD pass than his longest TD pass?
Which two players did Tony Romo throw a TD pass to?
How many touchdowns did San Diego score during the first half?
How many touchdowns did San Diego score in the first quarter?
How many yards was Rivers first TD pass?
How many TD passes did Rivers throw to Gates?
How many 30+ yard field goals did Kaeding make?
How many rushing touchdowns did Tomlinson score?
How many total yards did Tomlinson have on his three touchdowns?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many players scored more than one touchdown?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play?
How long were each of Jason Elam's field goals?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which players had 7-yard touchdowns?
Who did the Packers defeat before they played the Vikings?
How many more points did the Packers score than the Vikings?
Which team scored the least points?
How many games had the Packers won before this game?
How many points did Eddie Lacy score?
Which team did the Packers win week 4?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
By how many points did the Packers win over the Vikings?
How many games had the Packers lost this season?
How many in percent from the county weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent from the county weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent from the county weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent from the county weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent from the county weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which group in percent from the county is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which group in percent from the county is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which group in percent from the county is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which group in percent from the county is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which group in percent from the county is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which group of people in the county is larger: females or males?
Which group of people in the county is smaller: females or males?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not 45 to 64 years old?
How many percent were not 65 years or older?
How many fewer males were there for every 100 females?
How many more females 18+ were there than males for every 100 females?
Which age group was least common in the county?
Which age group was most common in the county?
Which age group was second most common in the county?
Which age group was fourth most common in the county?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many percent of the population were between 18 and 65?
Which age groups were between 10 and 20% of the population?
How many percent of the population is under the age of 45?
How many percent of the population is over the age of 24?
Were there more females or males in the county?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two smallest age groups combined compared to the second largest age group?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two largest age groups combined compared to the smallest age group?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two largest age groups combined compared to the second smallest age group?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two largest age groups combined compared to the two smallest age groups combined?
Were more people 24 and younger or 25 and older?
Were more people 24 and younger or 45 and older?
Were more people between 25 to 44 or 45 and older?
Were more people under the age of 18 or 45 and older?
Were more people under the age of 18 or between 18 and 44?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were not under the age of 18?
How many people, in terms of percentage, were not between 18 to 24 years old?
How many yards was the games longest field goal?
How many games did the Raiders lose in a row, including the loss to Kansas City?
Which Chiefs player previously held the club record for carries in a season?
How many straight games had the Chiefs lost?
Who managed to get a 29-yard field goal?
How many yards long was Janikowski's field goal?
Which kicker had the longest successful field goal?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 50 yards?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many yards were thrown for Cutler's touchdown passes?
How many points did both teams have at halftime?
Who replaced Jay Cutler at quarterback?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many of Cutler's passes were incomplete?
How many total points were scored in the game between the Lions and the Bears in 1991?
How many games had Jay Cutler lost to the Lions?
How many total touchdown passing yards were there in the first quarter?
How many interceptions did Cutler throw in the second quarter?
How many quarterbacks played during the game?
How many incomplete passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many points did the eagles lose by?
How many games had the Patriots won up to this game?
How many points were the Eagles leading by in the final quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did Feeley throw?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
What was the halftime score?
How many more yards was Greg Lewis first touchdown over his second?
Which team scored a touchdown in the third quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many yards did Greg Lewis have on touchdown receptions?
How long were each of Greg Lewis's touchdown receptions?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did New England lead by at halftime?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many touchdown passes were thrown by both teams?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many points did Cincinnati lead with by halftime?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
Which quarter did only one team score?
Which player had more yards, Akers or Nugent?
How many yards longer was Dalton's first quarter touchdown than Stafford's first quarter touchdown?
In which quarters did each team score a touchdown?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Stafford have?
How many yards longer was Nugent's longest field goal comapred to his shortest?
Who had more passing touchdown yards, Dalton or Stafford?
How many total passing touchdown yards did Dalton have?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 30 yards were there?
Which quarterback had more incomplete passes?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Mike Nugent make than David Akers?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Mike Nugent's longest field goal than David Akers' longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Andy Dalton make?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Matthew Stafford make?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Andy Dalton make than Matthew Stafford?
How many yards longer was Andy Dalton's longest touchdown pass than Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Andy Dalton's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matthew Stafford's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
What all touchdowns did Andy Dalton make?
What all touchdowns did Matthew Stafford  make?
What all field goals did David Akers attempt?
What all field goals did Mike Nugent make?
How many yards difference was Mike Nugent's first field goal compared to his second?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the second longest TD pass?
How many TD passes did Rodgers complete?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in total?
How many total yards of field goals did Crosby make?
How many total yards of field goals did Gould make?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby make?
How many field goals were made from longer than 35 yards?
Which player made field goals from longer than 40 yards?
How many total yards did Aaron Rodgers throw for touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Aaron Rodgers second touchdown pass over his first?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gould kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Crosby kick in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have?
How long was Janikowski's last field goal?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Chargers have in the first half?
Whose touchdown run in the first half was longer, Fargas or Tomlinson?
How many touchdown runs did Tomlinson have in the first half?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
Which team kicked more field goals?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
How many touchdowns were scored during the second quarter?
How many field goals were there during the second half?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
How many more touchdown runs were there compared to touchdown passes?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals were scored in the 4th quarter total?
How many touchdown runs in the first half were from under 9 yards?
How many total field goal yards did Janikowski get in the third and fourth quarters?
How many touchdowns were there between 4 and 8 yards?
which player made scores from 28 yards?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards are the longest and shortest field goal combined?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Nate Kaeding?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make over Nate Kaeding?
Which field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
Which player had more field goals over 40 yards, Sebastian Janikowski or Nate Kaeding?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
Which players made field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many field goals between 25 and 50 yards were made?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many years have elapsed between Cao Qin's coup and Hong you lu of 1573?
How many historic texts mention Cao Qin's failed coup of 1461?
Over how many years were the texts written that mention Cao Qin's failed coup?
What happened first: Cao Qin's failed coup or Gao Dai's Hong you lu?
What happened second: Cao Qin's failed coup or Gao Dai's Hong you lu?
What happened first: Jiao Hong's Guochao Xianzheng lu or Huang Ming shi gai?
What happened second: Jiao Hong's Guochao Xianzheng lu or Huang Ming shi gai?
What history texts describe Cao Quin's failed coup?
How many texts included information about Cao Qin's failed coup of 1461?
Which was written first, Gao Dai's Hong you lu or the Huang Ming shi gai?
Which was written last, the Huang Ming shi gai or the Mingshi jishi benmo?
How many classic Chinese historical texts discuss Cao Qin's coup and the events which preceded it?
How many years after Cao Qin's failed coup did Gao Dai write about it?
How many more rushing yards did Delvin Williams have compared to Wilbur Jackson?
How many combined rushing yards did Delvin Williams and Wilbur Jackson have?
How many of the 10 sacks against the Rams on Monday Night did not come from Tommy Hart?
How many more wins did the 49ers have compared to loses in the 1976 season?
How many total games did the 49ers play in the 1976 season?
What team did Delvin Williams play for?
What month did the DeBartolo Family purchase the 49ers?
What team was the 49ers playing when they recorded 10 sacks?
What was the score of the Monday game against Los Angeles in 1976?
What was the 49ers regular season record in 1976?
What two players of the 49ers had the best rushing yardage?
How many games did the 49ers win than lose for their best start in 1970?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did The Bengals lose by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest TD play?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the first half?
How many years did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
For how many Dynastys did the Hyksos last from their emergency until they were expelled?
How many years did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
How many years did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
How many dynasties did the Hysksos reign?
How many yearss did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
How many Dynasties did the unified kingdom comprise?
Which happened first, the fall of Ancient Egypt, or the start of the New Kingdom?
How many years did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
How many phases were there?
How many Dynasties did it take to expel them?
How many Dynasties were there in the two phases of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt?
How many years did the period of The Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
How many years did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt last?
Which two phases did the Middle Kingdom of Egypt comprise of?
How many points were scored in the first four quarters?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points did the Chiefs lead by at the end of the first quarter?
How many times had the Chiefs been in the lead this season prior to the game with the Steelers?
How many interceptions did Matt Cassel get in overtime?
How many field goals did the Steelers get in overtime?
After the game with the Steelers, how many total losses did the Chiefs have for the season?
How many total points were scored at the end of regulation?
How many times in total did the regiment visit the Philippine Islands?
How many men did the guerrillas outnumber the soldiers from the regiment by, in the 7 December 1899 battle?
How many years passed between the initial deployment of the regiment to the Philippine Islands and their first return to the Islands?
How many more guerrillas were there than soldiers in the battle that occurred in 7 December 1899?
How many times did the regiment return to the islands?
How many years passed between the regiment's first and second return?
How many times has the regiment deployed to the Philippine Islands?
When did the regiment last return to the Philippine Islands?
How many years apart is the first time the regiment went to the Philippine Islands and the last time they returned?
How many guerrillas were the nine soldiers outnumbered by?
How many incompleted passes did Troy Aikman finished the regular season with?
How many combined rushing and receiving yards did Emmitt Smith have?
How many more rushing yards did Emmitt Smith have compared to Daryl Johnston?
How many more touchdowns did Michael Irvin have compared to Jay Novacek?
How many offensive linemen were Pro Bowl selections?
How many yards long, to one decimal place, were Troy Aikman's passes on average?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Emmitt Smith's receptions on average?
How many yards did Troy Aikman and Emmitt Smith have combined?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, were Daryl Johnston's receptions on average?
Who had a higher number of yards per reception on average, Emmitt Smith or Michael Irvin?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Michael Irvin's receptions on average?
Who had a higher number of yards per reception on average, Daryl Johnston or Michael Irvin?
How many yards, to two decimal places, were Kevin Williams' receptions on average?
Who had the second highest average number of yards per reception?
How many receptions did Emmitt Smith, Daryl Johnston, and Michael Irvin have combined?
How many receptions did Emmitt Smith, Daryl Johnston, and Jay Novacek Irvin have combined?
Did Troy Aikman finish the regular season with more touchdowns or interceptions?
Who had more touchdowns, Troy Aikman or Emmitt Smith?
Which players scored 10 or more touchdowns?
Who caught more passes, Michael Irvin or Emmitt Smith?
Of the players who scored at least one touchdown, which ones scored 5 or fewer?
How many years were there between Henry VI being crownes King of the Romans until he became the Holy Roman Emperor?
How many years passed between the death of Sultan Saladin and the overthrow of Emperor Isaac II Angelos?
How many years were there between the election of Henry VI as the king of the Romans and his demand to finance the Crusade?
How many years after Henry was elected King of the Romans could he claim the inheritance of his wife?
The armistace concluded by King Richard ended how many years after Herny VI was elected King of the Romans?
How many years passed from the election of King Henry VI to the death of Sultan Saladin?
How did Alexius raise the money to submit to tributary demands?
How many years did the armistice with King Richard last?
Who died first
Who was allied with King Amalric of Cyprus
how many yards did colts pass to Wayne
how many yards did the colts pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 4th quarter?
Which Colts players scored two touchdowns?
How were troops rounded up?
How many Navajo were captured?
For how many months did Carson and his men chase, kill, and capture the Navajo?
How many groups of people were directly in conflict with each other?
How many Native America tribes were affected by the campaign?
Why did Carson campaign against the two Native American tribes?
What did the troops do to round up the Native Americans?
What happened to their hogans?
The Battle of Canyon de Chelly was an attempt to what?
Across how many months did Carson and his men chase the Navajo?
How many tribes did Kit Carson begin fighting with at once?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many more yards was the TD pass scored by Wallace versus Brown's field goal?
in what quarter was a 22 yard TD pass completed by Seneca Wallace?
What was the position of Deion Branch?
How far was the field goal kick by Josh Brown in the second quarter?
How many times had the Oakland Raiders been shut out with that loss?
Who became the leader of Russia?
Who had the highest command during Anna's reign?
How many years past from the beginning to the time Anna became Empress?
How many years was it between when Lacy gained the rank of colonel and when he entered the Military Collegium?
In what year did Lacy succeede Repnin in command of the Russian forces quartered in Livland?
How many years after Lacy succeeded Repnin was he appointed Governor of Riga?
Where did Lacy fight first, Narva or the Great Northern War?
Which Russian entered Livland first?
Who did Lacy command?
How many years after gaining the rank of colonel did Lacy lead a brigade at Poltava?
In which place did Lacy distinguish himself?
Who did lacy serve for in Poltava?
Where did Lacy fight first, Poltava or Riga?
Did Apraksin's fleet have more infantry or cavalry?
How many more infantry than cavalry did Lacy have at Umeå?
How many iron foundaries were devastated at Umeå?
After Umeå, what rank was Lacy promoted to?
What was the new name of the Military Collegium ?
In what year did Lacy succeede Repnin in command of the Russian forces quartered in Livland?
How many more infantry were there than cavalry in Apraksin's 1719 fleet?
What year did Lacy succeeded Repnin in command of the Russian forces quartered in Livland?
Which two different rankings did Lacy have during his military career up to 1706?
What year did Lacy succeed Repnin in command of the Russian forces quartered in Livland?
How many years after Lacy succeeded Repnin was he appointed Governor of Riga?
Who had the rebels executed for treason?
Which rebels were hanged with chains?
How many of the 216 that were executed were not monks?
How many years passed between the Bigod's Rebellion and the execution of Sir Edward Neville?
Who was executed first, Sir Francis Bigod or Sir Edward Neville?
How many more monks were executed than parish priests?
How many more parish priests were executed than abbots?
How many nobles were executed?
Who executed Bigod?
Who executed Lords Darcy and Hussey?
How many more parish priests were executed compared to Abbots?
How many were executed that weren't monks?
Which occurred first, Bigod's Rebellion or Sir Robert Constable hanged in chains at Hull?
How many more points did Philadelphia have than the bears at the halftime?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdown passes of 15 yards or more were thrown by Carson Wentz?
How many fumbles did the Eagles lose?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years did the events span?
Did Ireland use the name Eire or Ireland first?
How many different names are used for the Republic of Ireland?
How many counties were not included in the Irish Free State?
How many counties weren't known as the Irish Free State in 1922?
How many counties of Ireland were not part of the 1922 state?
How many counties of Ireland were NOT part of the 1922 Irish Free State?
How many years after the Constitution of Ireland was adopted was the Good Friday Agreement?
Who caught the game winning touchdown?
How many points did Buffalo win by?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who caught the final touchdown reception?
How many points did Ravens score in the third quarter?
How long was Anderson's shortest TD pass?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many passes did Edwards catch?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How was the longest field goal in the game?
How many games had the Ravens lost in the season in all after this game?
How many more yards in total offense did the Ravens have over the Browns?
What city did the game take place in?
Who did the Ravens beat before playing the Browns?
How many made field goals were there?
How many passing touchdowns were there in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown play?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Joe Jurevicius score in the first quarter?
What was the longest field goal of the second half?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
How many yards more was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals of 30 yards or more did Succop make?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How scored the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals did the Chiefs score in the first half?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's second field goal over his first one?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop kick in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more field goals did Succop make than Suisham?
How many total field goals were made?
How many fieldgoals of 40-yards or longer were converted?
Who kicked more field goals, Ryan Succop or Shaun Suisham?
How many field goals longer than 38 yards did Ryan Succop kick?
How many field goals shorter than 38 yards did Ryan Succop kick?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards did Shaun Suisham kick?
From what yard lines did Ryan Succop kick his two longest field goals?
From what yard lines did Shaun Suisham kick a field goal?
How many months has Brett been off for?
How many days did Brett's 30-game hitting streak last?
How many days passed from when Bretts 30-game hitting streak ended until his batting average was at .407?
How many days did Brett's hitting spree last?
How many days was a game not played during Brett's hitting streak?
What was the date did Brett make 5 hits?
What was the date of the game where Brett went 3 for 3?
How many at bats did Brett miss the ball between August 19 and 20th?
How many more at bats did Brett miss from June to August than he missed during his hitting spree?
How many more games were played during his hitting spree than were played June, July and August 1980?
How many days did Brett's hitting streak last?
who did the titans play against?
who won the game?
How many points did the Bengals score in the game?
How many points did the Titans lead by at halftime?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many military forces were sent in for the raids?
How many days of executions were reported in The Black Book of Communism?
Were more people put to death or deported to the Siberia and Central Asian deserts?
How many more people were executed than died fighting?
Which group had the largest amount of people, put to death or executed?
Which group had the least amount of people, died in fighting or put to death?
How many months were the citizens put to death August 29- September 5?
How many more people were deported than were executed?
How many people were put to death or deported to Sibera  and Central Asian deserts in total between 29 August to 5 September 1924?
How many people according to the Black Book of Communism who were put to death did NOT die "in fighting?"
How many yards was the first TD of the game?
How many field goals did Jeff Reed make?
Which player scored the longest TD of the game?
How many field goals of at least 30 yards did Jeff Reed make?
How many rushing attempts did Chris Johnson have?
What happened first: Reid pleaded guilty or he was sentenced?
How many months passed between Reid pleading guilty and him being sentenced?
How many months after Reid's guilty plea was he sentenced to the maximum of three consecutive life sentences and 110 years with no possibility of parole?
How many counts was Reid fined $250,000 for?
How many months passed between Reid pleading guilty and his sentencing?
How many more dollars was Reid fined in total than what the maximum dollar amount was for each count?
Which did Reid say he was not supportive of, the United States or al-Qaeda?
How many of the eight counts did he plead not guilty to?
How many months after pleading guilty was Reid sentenced?
How many total years was there a succession of heavy battles and smaller skirmmishes?
How many years passed between the Battle of Soltau and the imperial ban?
What happened first, the Battle of Solatu or the field peace?
How many years were there battles and skirmishes for?
How many months after the Battle of Soltau was the final field peace?
How many years in total was there a succession of heavy battles and smaller skirmishes, in the course of which many towns and villages were devastated.
What happened first, the Battle of Soltau or the so-called 'field peace'?
How many years did the battles and skirmishes last?
Which battle occured first the one at Calenberg of Soltau?
How many years is the time span where there was a succession of heavy battles and smaller skirmishes where many towns and villages were devastated?
How many years after the Battle of Soltau was the emperor's decision followed by the imposition of an imperial ban?
Which happened later, Whilst Henry of Lüneburg had gone into exile in France or field peace?
How many years was the time span where there was a succession of heavy battles and smaller skirmishes?
What war ended in 1721 and what was the name of the treaty?
What parts of Sweden were lost after the wars and to who?
Where did The Old Believers go after being excommunicated?
How many years passed from the time the Monks returned to when the Treaty ended?
How many countries did people flee to?
What treaty was signed first: Treaty of Nystad or Treaty of Turku?
What treaty was signed second: Treaty of Nystad or Treaty of Turku?
What happened first: Valaam Monastery was re-established or religious reforms of patriarch Nikon?
Which Treaty was signed first to end a Sweden war, Treaty of Nystad or Treaty of Turku?
How many years did the Old Believers, Russians did not accept religious reforms?
Which war did Sweden fight first, the Great Northern War or the Hat's War?
Which was did Sweden participate first in, the Great Northern War or the Hat's War?
How many years apart were the Treaty of Nystad and the Treaty of Turku?
Which occurred first, the Great Northern War or the Treaty of Nystad?
Which occurred first, the Great Northern War or the Treaty of Turku?
Which happened first, the Valaam Monastery re-establishment or the new main church establishment?
What monasteries are mentioned?
How many years passed between the Treaty of Nystad and the Treaty of Turku?
How many years before the new main church was consecrated in 1719 did the monks return to Konevsky Monastery?
Which happened first, the establishment of Valaam Monastery or the monks returning to Konevsky Monastery?
Which treaty was signed first, Nystad or Turku?
What war ended with the Treaty of Turku?
Which player scored a safety?
Which team won the game?
Who scored the first touchdown for the Broncos?
How many field goals did Steven Hauschka kick?
How many touchdowns were scored by runs?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
How many TD passes were made from over 50 yards?
Who threw the only touchdown pass from over 70 yards?
Both TD runs were done from what yard line?
How many total field goal yards did Steven Hauschka make?
How many fewer total field goal yards did Steven Hauschka have than Sebastian Janikowski?
Which player scored more than one touchdown?
How many touchdowns between 30 and 50 yards were there?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who had the second longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared with the longest touchdown run?
How many total yards did Hauschka have?
Which players scored from 35 yards?
Which player had more total yards, Hauschka or Janikowski?
Which team was the only one to score points in the first half?
How many interceptions were there?
How many passes did Lee Evans receive?
How many touchdowns did Donnie Avery have?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many points did the rams score in the 2nd quarter?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who played the Raiders in week 3?
Which team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Lindell score in the first quarter?
How many wins did the Bills have after this one?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the first points of the second half?
Which player got the Bills on the board?
Which player put the Rams on the scoreboard?
How many wins in a row had the Bills won before this game?
How many field goals did the Rams score in the first quarter?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 18 to 24?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not 65 years of age or older?
How many more females per 100 were there than males?
How many more females per 100 were there than males 18 or over?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least people?
Which age group had the second most people?
Which age group had the third most people?
Which age group had the fourth most people?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 65 years of age or older?
Which groups in percent are larger than 12%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which groups in percent are larger than 11%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
Which groups in percent are smaller than 21%?
How many in percent weren't 18 to 24?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: females or males?
Which gender group is smaller: females or males?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 to 24?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
Which age groups made up more than 20% of the population?
Which were there more males for, every 100 females or every 100 females age 18 and over?
How many field goals did Gould make?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Who scored more points, Bears or Steelers?
Who scored the last touchdown?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Suisham’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Suisham’s last field goal compared to Gould’s last field goal?
How many of Robbie Gould's field goals in the first half were over 30 yards?
How many of Suisham's field goals were from below 40 yards in the second half?
How many total field goal yards did Suisham have from goals from over 30 yards?
Which team's score was higher at halftime, the Steelers or the Bears?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bears win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Bears leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Robbie Gould make?
How many total yards of field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many more total field goal yard did Shaun Suisham make than Robbie Gould?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's longest field goal than Shaun Suisham's longest field goal?
Which QB had the longest passing TD?
Who scored the longest rushing TD?
How many field goals of at least 25 yards did Janikowski make?
How many yards was the longest field goal attempt?
How many yards was the longest attempted field goal?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many more field goals did Janikowski make than Kaeding?
How many yards was the longest made field goal?
Which QB threw the longest TD pass?
Which player scored the longest rushing TD?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was LaDainian Tomlinson's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
Who kicked the most field goals?
How many yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many more yards of kicked field goals did Sebastian Janikowski have compared to Nate Kaeding?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 30 yards?
How many field goals over 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals over 25 yards did Janikowski boot?
How many field goals between 25 and 30 yards were scored?
Which player kicked the highest number of field goals?
How many more field goals did Janikowski boot than Kaeding?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who had the shortest total yards of field goals?
How many yards shorter was Kaeding's total yards of field goals than Janikowski's total yards of field goals?
Which player's field goals were all over 25 yards?
Which player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Kaeding's average yards of field goals than Jainkowski's average yards of field goals?
Which player booted the longest field goal?
How many games had the Patriots won before they played the Buccaneers?
How many times was Brady sacked?
How many field goals did Lindell miss?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Which team scored the most field goals?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many times was Tom Brady sacked?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many wins did the Patriots have after beating the Buccaneers?
How many field goals attempts were successfully converted in this game?
How many touchdown receptions did Kenbrell Thompkins have?
How long were each of Tom Brady's touchdown passes?
How long was Kenbrell Thompkins's second longest touchdown reception?
How many field goals were longer than 35 yards and shorter than 50 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Stephen Gostowski make?
How many total yards of field goals did Ryan Lindell make?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many incomplete passes did Tom Brady throw?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who kicked a 39-yard field goal?
Which team scored only 10 points?
How many total yards of field goals did Mason Crosby?
How many total yards of touchdowns did Aaron Rodgers have?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards difference exists between Mason Crosby's longest and shortest field goal?
Which players had defensive takeaways?
How many total yards did Davante Adams have on touchdown receptions?
How many more field goals did Crosby kick than Barth?
How many yards longer was Crosby's longest field goal over his shortest one?
How many yards shorter was Barth's field goal than Crosby's longest one?
How many French soldier surrender at the siege of Maubeuge?
How many was the minimum number of Austrian captives in the battle of Galicia?
How many was the maximum number of Austrian captives in the battle of Galicia?
How many more Germans surrendered  at the battle near Przasnysz compared to the amount that surrenders at the First Battle of the Marne?
Who had a higher percentage of prisoner status, Italy or France?
Did more prisoners die in Russia or Germany?
How many million men surrendered and were held in POW camps?
Which nation had the most losses to prisoner status?
Which alliance lost more troops to prisoner status?
What was the minimum amount of Austrian captives?
What was the maximum amount of Austrian captives?
How many more Germans surrendered to the Russians at the battle of the Marne than Germans surrendered to the Allies?
How many more percentage of Austria-Hungary had losses from prisoner status than France?
What are all the countries had a higher percentage of prisoner loss than Britain?
How many more percentage of Russians died imprisoned than in Germany with shortage of food?
At which battle was the second largest group that surrendered?
Which country lost the second highest percentage of men to prisoner status?
Which countries lost between 5 and 10% of their men due to prisoner status?
How many more men (in millions) were prisoners from Central Powers compared with the Allies?
How many prisoners did the US, Germany and Britain and France hold?
How many interceptions were returned for touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did the defenses combine for?
How many points was San Diego ahead by at the half?
How many touchdown catches did Antonio Gates have?
Which team scored the most in the fourth quarter?
Which team went scoreless in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most points?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter, Broncos or Chargers?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which players caught interceptions?
Which player caught two interceptions?
Which player had the second longest interception return for a touchdown?
How many interceptions were returned for touchdowns?
Which players returned interceptions for touchdowns?
How many points did the 49ers lose by?
Which team scored the most in the game?
How many points did the 49ers lose by?
How many more touchdowns did Frank Gore have compared to Vernon Davis?
How many incomplete passes did Alex Smith have?
Which team allowed the least points at the end of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did Tim Hightower have in total?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning have in total?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes in total?
How many field goals did both kickers score?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored more points in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker scored the longest field goal?
Who scored more points, Eli Manning or Kurt Warner?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Which team scored the most in the third quarter?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many field goals of under 30 yards were made?
Who scored the final touchdown of the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the first half?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were kicked in the first half?
Which kicker kicked fewer field goals in the first half, John Carney or Neil Rackers?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
Which kicker had the longest field goal?
How many yards shorter was Rackers first field goal from his last?
How many touchdowns went for 5 yards or less?
From what distance did both teams score a touchdown?
Which occurred first, the Battle of Sarikamish or the collapse of the Russian army?
What happened later, the reformation of the Ottomanarmy, or the end of World War I?
Which happened first, the formation of the First Republic of Armenia, or the capture of Kars?
How many months after the Baku Commune was established did the First Republic of Armenia capture Kars?
How many years after the revolution did the Armenian and Azerbaijani Republics end up being part of the Soviet Union?
In what year was the Baku Commune established?
How many months after the Baku Commune was established was Kars captured?
Who lost the Battle of Sarikamish?
How many groups conquered the Centrocaspian Dictatorship?
Which happened first, Kars captured by the newly declared First Republic of Armenia or the Baku Commune was established in the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic?
How many years after World War I ended did both the Armenian and Azerbaigani Republics end up being part of the Soviet Union?
How many years after the Russian army collapsed did World War I end?
How many years after the Battle of Sarikamish did World War I end?
Who was Elizabeth I to marry?
How many years was James in captivity?
What was the title of Elizabeth Douglas' father?
What was the title of James Douglas' father?
Who was the grandfather of James Douglas?
How many years after he married Elizabeth did James Douglas succeed to the title and estates of his father-in-law?
How many of the Douglas sisters suffered frimmental ill-health?
Which happened first, the war of the Rough Wooing, of the consideration of surrendering Tantallon Castle to the English?
Who was born first: Sir George Douglas of Pittendreich or James Douglas?
Who was born second: Sir George Douglas of Pittendreich or James Douglas?
Who was born first: James Douglas or Elizabeth Douglas?
Who was born second: James Douglas or Elizabeth Douglas?
What treaty was signed first: Treaty of Boulogne or Treaty of Berwick?
What treaty was signed second: Treaty of Boulogne or Treaty of Berwick?
What year were athletes not in wheelchairs first allowed to compete in the Paralympic Games?
How many more people competed in the 1976 games than the 1960 games?
What year did the Paralympic Games used the same facilities as the regular Olympics?
When is the last Paralympic Games that will be held at the same facilities as the regular Olympics under the current agreement between the Olympic committees?
How many more countries competed in the Paralympic Games in 1976 than in 1960?
Originally, participation in the Paralympic Games was limited to which group?
How many more athletes in the 1960 Summer Paralympic than the 1976 Summer Games?
How many more countries in the 1960 Paralympic than the 1976 Summer Games?
How many years did the two committees extend their contract?
Which year is the latest the two committee extended their contract, 2018 or 2032?
In which years was the Paralympic Summer Games held in the same host city, and using the same facilities?
Which Paralympics and Olympics were held at the same facilities?
How many more athletes were in attendance at the 1960 Summer Paralympics than at the 1976 Summer Paralympics?
Which Summer Paralympics had more participating countries, the 1960 Summer Paralympics or the 1976 Summer Paralympics?
How many years after the first Paralympic Games was held in Rome that was no longer solely open to war veterans were athletes with different disabilities included for the first time in the Summer Paralympics?
How many more athletes participated in the 1976 Summer Paralympic Games compared to the 1960 Games?
How many more countries participated in the 1976 Summer Paralympic games compared to the Games in 1960?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Dave Rayner kick in the second half?
What happened first: Halsey detached a task group or conclusion of the Battle for Leyte Gulf?
What happened second: Halsey detached a task group or conclusion of the Battle for Leyte Gulf?
How many hours after Halsey detached a task group for four of its cruisers and nine destroyers did Mitscher order DuBose to pursue the remnants of the Japanese Northern Force?
Which event happened first, cruisers finishing off the light carrier Chiyoda or his ships sinking the destroyer Hatsuzuki?
How many hours and minutes after the destroyer Hatsuzuki was sunk did the American submarine Jallao torpedo and sank the light cruiser Tama of Ozawa's force?
Did Rear Admiral DuBose have more cruisers or more destroyers?
How many hours after DuBose sank the destroyer Hatsuzuki did the Americans sink the Tama?
Did TF 34 have more cruisers or destroyers?
Which happened first, destroying the light carrier Chiyoda, or the sinking of the destroyer Hatsuzuki?
What was the last act of the  Battle of Cape Engaño?
How many cruisers and destroyers were detached under Real Admiral DuBose?
How many ships were destroyed between 17:00 and 21:00?
What occurred first, the French invasion of Tuscany, or the Double Default?
Which country, in addition to the French, defaulted on their debts in 1557?
How many leaders were responsible for defeating the French at St. Quentin?
What area changed hands as part of the Treaty of Vaucelles?
What nation's army was defeated at the Battle of Marciano?
Who defeated the French at St. Quentin?
Which event happened first, The Treaty of Vaucelles or the Double Default?
Which happened earlier, the Treaty of Chambord or the Battle of Renty?
Which happened later, the Battle of Marciano or the Treaty of Chambord?
Which treaty happened earlier, the Treaty of Chambord or the Treaty of Vaucelles?
Which two groups or individuals were part of the Treaty of Chambord?
Leaders of which two countries were involved in the Treaty of Vaucelles?
What happened earlier, the Double Default by Spain on debts or the Battle of Renty?
Which occurred first, the Treaty of Chambord or Charles' abdication?
How many years before the Double Default did Siena fall?
What happened first: Battle of Renty or French invasion of Tuscany?
What happened second: Battle of Renty or French invasion of Tuscany?
What happened first: Battle of Marciano or Treaty of Vaucelles was signed?
What happened second: Battle of Marciano or Treaty of Vaucelles was signed?
The Treaty of Chambord was how many years before Charles' abdication
Siena fell how many years after the Treaty of Chambord?
How many times did Kansas City rush the ball?
How many yards did Jamaal Charles have in the game?
How many touchdowns did Freeman throw for?
By how many rushing yards did the Chiefs underperform their average?
How many rushing yards below their season average did the Chiefs run for?
How many rushing yards did the rest of Chiefs have outside of Jamaal Charles's 40 yards?
How many rushing yards does Jamaal Charles have for the season after this games production?
Which team scored the most points?
Which player Ran for the longest TD of the game?
How many points short were the Chiefs to tie the game?
Who won this game?
How many wins did the Jaguars have to start the game?
How many games ahead are the Colts to the Jaguars?
Which player put the first points on the board?
how many yards did Taylor run up?
how many yards did Jones-Drew rush?
How many yards did Pearman run?
how many yards did Garrard pass?
how many times did Garrard throw the ball?
how many times did manning throw the ball?
how many passing yards did manning complete?
how many yards did harrison receive?
how many yards did Wayne catch?
how many yards did Vinatieri kickoff?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How long was the pass between Zach Miller and JaMarcus Russell?
in which quarter both teams did not score ?
how long was the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many field goal yards did Akers have?
Which kicker had fewer total yards?
How many field goals were there between 40 and 50 yards?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
Which player had the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many games did the Steelers win this season??
Who scored the most points?
How many touchdowns did both teams score in the second quarter?
Which team scored fewer touchdowns in the first half?
Which player had the most touchdowns in the first half?
How many points did the Ravens score in the second half?
How many yards longer was Anquan Boldin's touchdown reception compared to Ray Rice's touchdown reception?
Did Billy Cundiff kick fewer field goals in the second or first half?
How many yards longer was Ed Dickson's touchdown reception compared to Ray Rice's touchdown run?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did Rian Lindell kick?
How many touchdowns did Jay Cutler score?
How many total field goals were kicked by both teams?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the first 2 quarters?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Lindell kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the second quarter?
Who do the colts play next?
How many total points were scored at halftime?
How many points did the Steelers have in the first quarter?
How many points was the losing team behind during halftime?
Which team scored the most in the game?
How many points was the difference between teams in 2015?
who scored more points in 2015?
How many points did the Steelers score in the fourth quarter?
Which yard line did both teams score from?
How many touchdowns did Antonio Brown receive?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger throw in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Tolzien throw in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in the second half?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw in total?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many touchdowns of at least 20 yards did Antonio Brown score?
How many yards longer was Antonio Brown's second touchdown catch compared to his first?
Which player scored a TD in both halves?
How many touchdowns did the Steelers score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the second longest TD pass?
Which player threw the third longest TD pass?
Which player threw the fourth longest TD pass?
Which player caught the second longest TD pass?
Which player caught the third longest TD pass?
Which player caught the fourth longest TD pass?
How many total TD pass yards did Roethlisberger throw?
How many wins did the Bears have going into the bye week?
How many teams have a better third down conversion percentage than the Bears?
Which team did the Eagles play the prior week?
How many points did Dallas get to start?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did Folk score in the second quarter?
Which team scored the least points?
How many points did the Giants get in the third quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass?
How many times did somebody score in the third quarter?
What all field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
What all touchdowns did Tony Romo make?
Which quarterback threw the most touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was Lawrence Tyne's second field goal from his first?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which receiver caught at least two touchdown passes?
How many more million Mexicans live in the United States compared to Salvadorans residing in the United States?
How many millions of combined Ecuadorians and Dominicans live abroad?
How many more Cubans live abroad compared to Chileans living abroad?
How many Bolivians in 2006 were living in Argentina and the United States?
How many El Salvadorians and Guatemalans were living abroad in 2005?
How many of the Central Americans living abroad in 2005 were not Costa Ricans?
Which citizens live more abroad, Colombians or Brazilians?
Which race has the most people living abroad?
Which racial groups have minimum 1.5 million people living abroad?
How many more Bolivians were living in Argentina than in the United States as of 2006?
Which Central American group had the second most living abroad in 2005?
How many less Costa Ricans were living abroad in 2005 than Nicaraguans?
Which Central American group was second to last in living abroad in 2005?
How many countries do many Chileans live abroad?
Which group has less people living in the United States, Dominicans or Cubans?
How many more Chileans live abroad than Bolivians?
How many Central Americans in 2005 that were living abroad were El Salvador and Guatemalan?
How many Central Americans in 2005 that were living abroad were Nicaraguan and Honduran?
Which group of people that were Central Americans living abroad is larger: El Salvador or Guatemalans?
Which group of people that were Central Americans living abroad is smaller: El Salvador or Guatemalans?
Which group of people that were Central Americans living abroad is larger: Nicaraguans or Hondurans?
Which group of people that were Central Americans living abroad is smaller: Nicaraguans or Hondurans?
Which are there more of living abroad, Colombians or Brazilians?
How many more millions of Dominicans live abroad compared to Cubans?
Where are more Bolivians living, Argentina or the United States?
How many more Central Americans living abroad were Guatemalans compared to Nicaraguans?
Which part of Central American did those come from who were living abroad numbering between 600,000 and 700,000 people?
How many more Hondurans were living abroad compared to Panamanians?
How many percent of people were not Mexican in 2010?
How many percent of the population of Americans did not list Mexican as their ancestry?
Which region has a higher percent of their population living abroad, Dominicans or Cubans?
How many more Bolivians live in Argentina as of 2006 compared to those who live in the United States?
Which were there more of from Central America living abroad in 2005, Hondurans or Costa Ricans?
Which countries in Central America in 2005 had under 500,000 of their population living abroad?
When did the Toungoo Dynasty first begin?
Which happened later, the fall of the Toungoo Dynasty  or the rebellion in Pegu?
How many months did the Pegu invasion of Ava last?
When did the Toungoo Dynasty fall?
What city was taken by the invaders on 21 March 1752?
How many months did Pegu's invasion take to capture Ava?
How many forts protected Ava?
What happened at the same time as the rebellion in Pegu?
For how many years did the war "carry on languidly"?
Who decided not to help Ava?
How many months did it take to break the Toungoo Dynasty?
Who helped Binnya Dala against Ava?
Which officials selected Smim Htaw Buddhaketi?
How many years had passed between the rebellion and the fall of the Toungoo dinasty?
Which officials selected Smim Htaw Buddhaketi as their king?
How many days later did they breach the inner walls and took the city?
What happened first: rebellion broke out at Pegu or Pegu began its annual raids?
What happened second: rebellion broke out at Pegu or Pegu began its annual raids?
How many years passed between rebellion breaking out at Pegu and Pegu began their annual raids?
What happened first: Binnya Dala came to power or Toungoo Dynasty had fallen?
What happened second: Binnya Dala came to power or Toungoo Dynasty had fallen?
who was determined to finish the war?
When did the invaders breach the inner walls and take the city?
What player scored the final field goal?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team were awarded points for a safety?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were 30 yards or longer?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many years did these events span for?
How many in percent, did Sinn Fein not win of the Irish seats in the 1918 general election?
How many in percent, did Sinn Fein not win outside of Ulster in the 1918 general election?
What happened second: the Irish Convention or general election?
How many percent of votes for Irish seats were not won by Sinn Fein in the 1918 general election?
How many percent of seats did Sinn Fein not win outside of Ulster?
How many years was it between the Irish Declaration of Independence and the first Irish Parliament meeting?
What further alienated Irish nationalists and produced mass demonstrations during the Conscription Crisis of 1918?
What produced mass demonstrations during the Conscription crisis?
How many years after the implementation of Home Rule did Sinn Féin members meet at the Mansion House?
How many years after the original Proclamation was the Home Rule put into effect?
Did Sinn Féin win more Irish seats or Seats outside of Ulste?
What quarter did both teams score a field goal?
How many yards longer was Bailey's second field goal over his first?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
How many more yards was Dan Bailey second field goal over his first?
How many second half touchdowns did both teams have?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did Minnesota lead by at halftime?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Dallas win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Cowboys win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Vikings leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Dan Bailey kick?
How many yards was Dan Bailey's shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was Dan Bailey's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many passing touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many Tsar Ivans were there as of 1584?
How many years after the death of the Tsar Ivan IV did his son die?
How many years did the great famine last that swept through Russia?
How many years after the death of Tsar Ivan IV was Boris Godunov crowned to the Russian throne?
Who was Dimitiri's father?
What happened first: death of the Tsar Ivan or death of his son Dimitri?
What happened second: death of the Tsar Ivan or death of his son Dimitri?
How many years did the great famine last?
Who died first: Tsar Ivan IV or Dimitri?
Who died second: Tsar Ivan IV or Dimitri?
Who was born first: Dimitri or Tsar Ivan IV?
Who was born second: Dimitri or Tsar Ivan IV?
Who was Tsar first: Ivan IV or Boris Godunov?
Who was Tsar second: Ivan IV or Boris Godunov?
How many years did the great famine in Russia last?
How many years after Tsar Ivan IV died did his son Dimitri die?
How many years after the death of Dimitri was Boris Godunov crowned to the Russian throne?
How many years after the death of the Tsar Ivan IV did Dimitri die?
How many years after King Ladislaus II Jagello began rebuilding the castle did a large fire destroy large parts of it?
How many years after the large fire that damaged the castle did the Bohemian Revolt begin?
How many years was it from the time King Ladislaus II Jagello began rebuilding Prague Castle to the time Ferdinand I made it his home?
How many centuries after Charles IV rebuilt the royal palace did Empress Maria Theresa rebuild the castle?
Which happened later, the Battle of Prague or The Second Defenestration of Prague
when did charles IV was royal palace was rebuilt ?
Which Ferdinand built the Belvedere as a summer palace for his wife Anne
How many years after King Ladislaus II Jagello began to rebuilt the castle did the castle experience a large fire?
How many times did the royal palace go through renovations?
How many years passed between King Ladislaus II Jagello beginning to rebuild the castle and the fire that destroyed large parts of it?
What was Franz Joseph's aunt's name?
How many years after King Ladislaus II Jagello began to rebuild the castle did a large fire destroy large parts of the castle?
How many years after Swedes looted works from the collection of Rudolph II was Ferdinand I abdication?
How many years after a large fire destroy large parts of the castle were many works from the collection of Rudolph II were looted?
How many years after King Ladislaus II Jagello began to rebuild the castle did a large fire destroy parts of the fire?
Which was added to the castle second during the rebuilding, the massive Vladislav Hall or the new defence towers on the north side of the castle?
How many years after a large fire destroyed large parts of the castle did the Second Defenestration of Prague take place at the castle?
What year did the Thirty Years' War begin?
Who abdicated in 1848?
Who resided at Prague Castle before Ferdinand I?
Who had the Belvedere constructed?
A fire destroyed part of what castle?
Out of all the German soldiers that died, how many were aboard the Sperrbrecher?
How many more destroyers were there than U-boats in the Germany convoy?
How many of the 10 Junkers were not shot down?
What was abandoned in the face of intense air attack?
How many more of the convoy of Junkers protected U-boat and destroyers?
How many German Junkers were left after the fighting on March 10, 1944
How many German soldiers who were killed were not on the Sperrbrecher?
What 1/12 of the year was Tzuktok garrisoned with 86 soldiers?
What 1/12 of the year and 1/10 of a decade did the rest of the reinforcements leave Campeche?
What 1/12 of the year did the rest of the reinforcements leave Campeche?
What 1/10 of a decade did the rest of the reinforcements leave Campeche?
How many soldiers were in Ursúa's reinforcements?
What year did García move his entire army forward to Chunpich?
How many total reinforcements were there?
How many more Spanish and pardo soldiers were there than Maya soldiers in the reinforcements?
Which happened first, reinforcements leaving Campeche or Garcia moving his army to Chunpich?
How many were 150 Spanish, 100 Maya soldiers and 150 mixed Maya and non-Maya combined?
How many months did it take for Garcia's soldiers to establish themselves?
Where did Garcia go while Tzuktok was at Chuntuki?
Where there more Spanish and pardo soldiers or Mayan soldiers in the reinforcements?
How many more Spanish soldiers were in the reinforcements than the Maya soldiers?
How many months after the first reinforcements departed did the second leave?
How many more m was the rise of meltwater pulse 1A compared to meltwater pulse 1B?
Which quarter was the longest field goal kicked during?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team did not score until the fourth quarter?
How many points was Washington leading by at halftime?
How many field goals did Suisham make?
Which team scored more points?
Who did the Redskins defeat before the Week 11 NFC?
How many yards did Matt cassel pass to Bowe?
HOw many yards did Succop get?
Who won the game?
Who did the Chiefs just beat previously?
How many yards difference was Ryan Succop’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Ryan Succop’s first field goal compared to Rian Lindell’s field goal?
How many yards difference was Ryan Succop’s second field goal compared to Rian Lindell’s field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Matt Cassel’s touchdown pass compared to Ryan Fitzpatrick’s touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was the Rian Lindell's field goal compared to Ryan Succop's first field goal?
How many total yards did Ryan Succop kick for field goals?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Ryan Succop kick?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's second field goal over his first one?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many touchdown passes were less than 5 yards?
Which players caught touchdown passes?
How many total yards did the Chiefs make in field goal kicks in the second half of the game?
How many total yards did Ryan Succop kick in field goals?
How many yards did quarterbacks score passing play touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal relative to the second longest?
Which quarterback ended up having a longer touchdown pass thrown?
Which player caught the tying touchdown reception?
What time was on the clock when the final points were scored?
How many total yards did kickers combine for in this game?
How many years spanned these events?
Were did the English have a greater presence, the island or Run, or Nailaka?
How many inhabitants left the islands after the campaign?
How many countries did the slaves come from that were used to repopulate the islands?
How many English inhabitants did not remain on the island?
What were the natives of the Banda Islands called?
Who took over the islands after the English left?
How many people were depopulated from the island as a result of the campaign in 1667?
How many years after the Peace of Breda did the Bandanese population drop to one hundred?
From where were slaves imported?
How many yards did LeGarrette Blount get on 4th down & 1 at the Atlanta 2 yard line?
how many losses do the Falcons have at home?
What was the longest touchdown?
How many games has Atlanta lost at home?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who had the first touchdown catch of the game?
In 1897 how many people tried but failed to reach the Klondike?
Of the travelers that reached the Klondike in 1897, how many actually stayed?
How many of the 1800 travelers did not reach the klondike?
How many of the 43 that reached the Klondike did not have to return?
How many travelers attempted the route but did not reach the Klondike before winter?
How many travelers reached the Klondike before winter, but later had to return?
How many of those that reached the Klondike did not have to return?
How many dollars higher was the fare during the winter than in the beginning of the stampede?
How many of the travelers who attempted the route were not able to reach the Klondike before winter?
How many games did Washington lose to Dallas by on prior thanksgiving games?
Who had a 59 yard touchdown reception?
How long was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the fourth quarter?
How many total yards of field goals did Bailey make?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Bailey kick in the total?
How many field goals did Forbath kick in the fourth quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Redskins winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Redskins win the game by?
Which happened later, the Battle of the White Mountain or the end of the Hussite wars?
Which happened first, the end of the Hussite Wars or the capture of Tábor?
How many years after the end of the Hussite Wars did the peasant conspiracy break out in Würzburg?
How many people founded the Bohemian Brethren?
Which happened first, the banning of non-Catholic religious services, or the Battle of the White Mountain?
What happened first, the Hussite Wars or the peasant conspiracy in Würzburg?
How many years before the repeal of the Compacts was obtained was Tábor had been captured by George?
How many years after the end of the Hussite Wars 1431 was the Battle of the White Mountain?
How many years before Tábor was captured by George did the  Hussite Wars start?
The Hussite Wars in 1431 happened how many years before John Calvin obtained the repeal of the compacts?
what is earliest date mentioned in passage?
what event happened first the end of the Hussite Wars or the Battle of the White Mountain
What war happened first, Battle of White Mountain or Hussite Wars?
Whose third doctrines did the Ultraquist adopt?
When was the Protestants borne?
Who became established at Lipany?
Which war came first, Battle of the White Mountain or Hussite Wars?
How many years after the Hussite Wars was the Germany still left in bad shape?
How many total passing and rushing yards did McNabb have?
Who caught an interception in the fourth quarter?
Which team won the game, Eagles or Cowboys?
Who scored a field goal in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many points were Philadelphia winning by at halftime?
Which Eagles rushed for over 50 yards?
Which team had 3 sacks?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Reed kick?
How many yards was Reed's field goal at?
How many yards was Wallace's touchdown at?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
how many yards did peterson get?
how many yards did keisel fumble?
How many points above his season average was James's point total?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown reception?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the fourth quarter?
How many points was the differential between the two teams at halftime?
How many receiving touchdowns stretched further that 25 yards in length?
How many yards did both receiving touchdowns combine for in length?
How many defensive turnovers occurred during the game?
How many points did Jacksonville lead by at halftime?
How many points were scored by halftime?
How many points did Jacksonville lead by at halftime?
How many total receiving yards did Boss have?
How many points were the Jaguars leading by at halftime?
How many first half field goals did Tynes kick?
How many total yards did Manning have in his two touchdowns?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which team had less points at halftime?
How many losses was this game for the Browns?
How many games had the Browns lost to the Ravens coming into this game?
In which quarter did Cundiff kick a longer field goal the first or second?
How many total points were scored during the game?
How many yards longer was Cundiff second field goal over his first one?
How many more points did Ravens score in the second half than in the first half?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Ravens win by?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many years after Gerakaris's birth did he die?
Who complained about Gerakaris?
Who sacked Arta?
How many years after Gerakaris promised to fight the Turks did he die?
How many times was Gerakaris imprisoned during his lifetime?
Which happened first, being captured by the Ottomans or being imprisoned in Brescia?
What happened first: Gerakaris served as a rower or a pirate?
What happened second: Gerakaris served as a rower or a pirate?
About how many years old was Limbreakis when he died?
About how many years old was Limberakis when he was made ruler of Mani?
How many years after Limberakis was made ruler of Mani did he sack Arta?
How many total people hit upon the abbatial city of Wil?
How many more Bernese marched into the Princely Lands than Protestant Thurgauers ?
How many cities were preparing for war?
Who went to war first, Bern or Zürich?
Who had more troops, Zürich or the Toggenburgers?
How many more troops came from Zürich than Bernese troops?
Where did the armies go first, Wil, or St. Gallen?
How many places were occupied in St. Gallen?
How many total combined Zürichers, Bernese, Toggenburgers, and Protestant Thurgauers marched into the Princely Lands to the city of Wil?
How many men did the mid-May march consist of?
Which event happened first, Bern opening the first war phase or the occupation of Rapperswil?
Which event happened first the occupation of Rapperswil or the abbot fleeing to Neuravensburg?
Which event happened first, the occupation of Rapperswil or the military governance being applied?
Which event happened first, the Catholic Cantons occupying Rapperswil, or them leaving the abbot?
What happened after May 22?
What were Bern and Zurich working on together?
How many days between April 26 and May 22?
Did more Toggenburgers or Protestant Thurgauers march together?
How many more Bernese soldiers marched to the Princely Lands than Protestant Thurgauers?
How many more Zurichers marched to the Princely Lands than Bernese?
Which two groups were equally represented in the attack on the Princely Lands?
Were there more Zurichers and Protestant Thuraguers or Bernese and Toggenburgers in the march to the Princely Lands?
How many locations did the army occupy in St. Gallen?
Who all did the march into the Princely Lands consist of?
Which were there more of marching into the Princely Lands, Protestant Thurgauers or Bernese?
How many in total marched into the Princely Lands in mid-May?
Where did the allies go to first, St. Gallen or the city of Wil?
How many years was John III the King of Portugal and the Algarves for?
How many years did John III reign?
How many years was "o Colonizador" King?
What happened first: John succeeded his father or the eve of his death?
What happened second: John succeeded his father or the eve of his death?
How many years was John III was the King of Portugal?
How many spices did John III reinforce in Portugal bases?
How many countries did John III bolster Portuguese trade?
What King of Portugal was responsible for initiating contact with China and Japan?
What were the nicknames of John III?
Who was King of Portugal in 1520?
What countries did Portugal do business with?
What areas did John III rule over?
Who was king before John III?
How many years did John III rule?
Where did Portugal extend lands to during John III's reign?
What Asian countries did Portugal make contact with during John III's reign?
In which years did the United Nations General Assembly pass resolutions concerning the Republic of China?
What has kept the Republic of China from rejoining the UN?
How many years did these events span for?
What happened first, resolution 2758 being passed, or United Nationals General Assembly Resolution 505 being passed?
What happened first, Israeli government recognized the PRC or Resolution 2758 was passed?
What does PRC stand for?
Who rebelled
Who did not like the ROC
How many months after the Israeli government extended recognition to the People's Republic of China did the United Nations Generally Assembly Resolution 505 pass?
How many years after Resolution 505 passed, did Resolution 2758 pass?
How many points were the Dolphins trailing by at the end of the first quarter?
Who completed a 53-yard field goal in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Carpenter score?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
Which kicker kicked the fewest field goals?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the game?
How many field goals longer than 45 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many field goals shorter than 45 yards were kicked by both kickers combined?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
What was the shortest field goal in the third quarter?
Which team allowed the most points in overtime?
Which team was losing at the end of the third quarter?
Which player got the Dolphins on the scoreboard?
Who was the last player to score for the Dolphins in regulation?
How many yards was the second shortest TD of the game?
How many field goals did Carpenter kick before the third quarter?
Which team scored the first field goal of the game?
How long were each of Carpenter's field goals?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many field goals were successful of at least 50 yards?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Mason Crosby make?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which supplied most crude oil to China, Saudi Arabia or Angola?
How many more tons did Saudi Arabia supply of crude oil to China than Angola?
Which country supplied more crude oil to China, Angola or Iran?
Which country is the worlds biggest oil consumer?
How many less tons of crude oil than Angola does Iran supply China?
Who had more oil supplied by Saudi Arabia, China or Angola?
How many more million tons of oil did China import than Angola did?
How many points did the Patriots get on the board with?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
What team scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the 2nd quarter?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many special teams touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which round draft pick did the Patriots lose?
How many yards was the longest interception return in the game?
Which team scored the last points of the game?
How many yards of differential were there between Phil Dawson's second field goal and his first?
How many wins than losses did the Browns have after this game?
How many hosting credits does the duo Ant & Dec have?
How many different years did Ant&Dec present the annual Brit Awards?
How many years do these events span for?
How many times have Ant & Dec presented the annual Brit Awards?
When was the last time Ant & Dec presented the annual Brit Awards?
How many years after presenting the annual Brit Awards for the first time did Ant & Dec present them for the second time?
How many years after presenting the annual Brit Awards for the second time did Ant & Dec present them for the third time?
Who is the "Ant" in "Ant & Dec"?
Who is the "Dec" in "Ant & Dec"?
How many shows have Ant & Dec hosted?
How many years did they present the annual Brit Awards?
How many different years did Mitre Television present the annual Brit Awards?
What year was the third time Mitre Television presented the Brit Awards?
What year was the second time Mitre Television presented the Brit awards?
Which film did both Ant and Dec act in together?
What real name does Ant go by?
What name does Dec go by?
What three shows did Ant and Dec host?
Who is the "Ant" in Ant & Dec?
Who is the "Dec" of Ant & Dec?
On which show did Anthony and Declan meet?
In which movie did the duo appear together?
How many people were voted more influential in a 2004 BBC poll?
In addition to acting, what other job titles have Ant and Dec had?
How many times has the duo presented the Brit Awards?
Since 2010, how many times has the duo presented the Brit Awards?
What was the earliest year that the duo presented the annual Brit Awards?
From what country is the duo from?
How many fumbles did the 49ers lose?
Who scored the Jets second rushing touchdown?
How many field goals were made?
Who does Brett Favre play for?
Which team won the game?
Which team scored first in the fourth quarter?
Which team attempted an onside kick?
How many fumbles did the 49ers lose?
Which team won the NFC West?
Which team kicked an onside kick?
How many fumbles did the 49ers have?
Which team scored more touchdowns in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who were the first people interested in a revolt?
How many years span these events?
What event happened first, the northern region of Epirus being organized, or Athanasius sending a letter about wanting to meet up and dicuss important things?
What event happened first, the northern region of Epirus being organized, or Athanasius sending his minster to Naples to ask for weapons?
Which happened first, plans to overthrow Ottoman rule or Papagiannis' death?
What date did Athanasius and Angelo Basadonna meet?
What was organized in the 1570's?
How many groups of people were apart of the Conspiracy plans?
Which people took part in the Conspiracy plans?
What sparked the revolution?
Around how many years after the Conspiracy Plans were made did the revolution start?
How many things was the minister  sent to Naples to ask for?
How many different factions planned to overthrow Ottoman rule?
What happened first: Papagiannis' death or Athanasius sent a letter?
What happened second: Papagiannis' death or Athanasius sent a letter?
Which of the Greek noble organizers died before his plans came to fruition?
How many Greek nobles originally were involved in the plans?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Lee and the yards of the TD pass to Armstrong?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Lee and the yards of the third field goal made by Gano?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Lee and the yards of the second field goal made by Gano?
Who kicked the game winning field goal?
Who caught a 48 yard touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the game?
Which team won the game?
Which team scored the first field goal?
Whose first field goal was longer, Gano's or Crosby's?
How many field goals were longer than 40 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did each team have at halftime?
How many touchdowns did Manning throw for?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass for the Redskins?
How many years did Shanahan coach the Broncos?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest scoring play?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown of the first half?
Who caught the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Who was winning at halftime?
Which kicker kicked the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many years did Alessandro Volta analyze marsh gas for?
Which happened second, the building of the Bugatti Type 22 Brescia Roadster or the death of Damiano Tamagni?
How many names did the lake have?
How many years was the Bugatti Roadster at the bottom of the lake?
How many years passed before the sunken Bugatti was found?
How many days went by between finding the sunken Bugatti and selling it?
How many years after the Buggati was sunk in 1936 was it finally recovered?
Who were conquered by the Romans?
How many families controlled the lake in the Middle Ages?
Across how many years was marsh gas analysed?
What model year was the vehicle was sunken in the lake?
How many years passed between the car being built and it being sunken into the lake?
How many years passed between the recovery of the car and its sale?
How many years after the diver was killed was the car recovered?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How long was the longest touchdown run?
Which player had multiple rushing touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was John Carney's first field compared to his second?
Which player had at least 3 touchdowns?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown play of the game?
How many total yards were gained on touchdowns shorter than 5 yards in length?
How many touchdowns measured less than 5 yards long?
Which players scored the shortest touchdowns measuring the same length?
How many rushing touchdowns measured 2 yards or less?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown?
What was the longest rushing touchdown?
Which player scored multiple rushing touchdowns longer than 10 yards long?
How many total yards were gained on rushing touchdowns longer than 10 yards?
How many total yards were gained on touchdown passes?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Giants make before halftime?
How many field goals longer than 30-yards did John Carney kick?
How many games have the Texans beat the Colts in their home field?
How many points did the Texans get on the board with?
How many quarters did Fitzpatrick play in?
How many losses did the Texans have coming into this game?
Who had a touchdown run get called back because of a penalty?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Colts leading by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were scored in the game total?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points were the Colts leading by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Colts lead by at halftime?
Which kicked made the longest field goal?
Which team scored fewer points in the first half?
How many more points did the Colts score compared to the Texans in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many times did Manning throw a pass to Toomer?
How many times did Manning throw a pass to Shockey?
How many times did Mcnabb throw a pass to Reggie Brown?
Who scored more points, David Akers, or Mcnabb?
How many passes did Donte' Stallworth receive?
Which team scored the most in the first half?
How many times did Manning throw a pass to Plaxico Burress?
Which player had the game-winning score?
How many pass attempts did Eli Manning have?
How many more touchdowns than interceptions did Manning have?
How many points did the Eagles lead by at halftime?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many incomplete passes did Eli Manning throw?
Which player caught two touchdown passes?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes between 20 and 30 yards were thrown?
What all touchdowns did Eli Manning make?
How many yards difference was there between Eli Manning’s first touchdown pass to Amani Toomer than Eli Manning’s second touchdown pass to Amani Toomer?
How many points ahead were the Cardinals at halftime
Who blocked a punt
How many points were scored total in the game?
What team did the Titans play on Week 11?
After this game, how many more games had the Titans lost than won?
Who had the shortest touchdown run?
What team is Bo Scaife on?
How many many points did Tennessee get in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns did the Giants score in the first three quarters?
How many interceptions did Pacman Jones have in the game?
Which team scored the most in the first quarter?
In which quarter did the key play of the game occur?
Who scored the game-winning field goal?
What players received a TD pass in the game?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many wins does Miami now have?
How many losses does Miami now have?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
Which team ended up winning the game?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Chiefs score in the first half?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare kick?
How many plays did the Patriots run before taking the lead?
What rank was the Patriots red-zone defense prior to entering the game?
Who had the lead at the half?
Who previously held the record for touchdown passes in a season?
How many points greater was the Colts' lead at halftime than it was at 7:59 remaining?
How many points was the greatest amount that the Colts led by?
How many more points did the Patriots lead by in the second quarter than the Colts did at the end of the third quarter?
How many field goals were made?
Where were the Eagles in the standings after this game?
Who is the Eagles coach?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many total carries did LeSean McCoy have in the game?
How many more carries did LeSean McCoy have in the first two quarters compared to the last two?
How many total rushing yards did LeSean McCoy have throughout the entire game?
How many more rushing yards did LeSean McCoy have in the first two quarters compared to the last two quarters?
How many yards per carry did LeSean McCoy average when all four quarters are accounted for?
How many yards per carry did LeSean McCoy average through the first two quarters?
How many yards per carry did LeSean McCoy average through the last two quarters?
How many yards of difference were there between LeSean McCoy's yards per carry value in the first two quarters when compared against the last two qyarters?
How many wins for the season were the Eagles to start the game?
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick?
How many field goals did Billy Cundiff kick?
How many touchdowns did McGahee run in?
How many yards were kicked for the all the field goals combined?
How many field goals did Folk kick?
Who kicked the most field goals in the game?
How many more field goals did Folk kick compared to Cundiff?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal over the shortest?
How many total yards were made on field goals of less than 30 yards long?
How many yards shorter was the second longest field goal when compared to the longest?
How many yards total are there between the shortest field goal and the shortest touchdown?
How many yards of difference are there between the shortest field goal and the shortest touchdown?
How many yards of difference are there between the shortest field goal and the second shortest field goal?
How many total yards were made on field goals longer than 40 yards?
Who caught a 39-yard touchdown reception?
How many yards was Jay Cutler's longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards shorter was Olindo's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Jay Cutler or Seneca Wallace?
How many field goals did Olindo Mare score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many yards was the biggest play of the game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many points did Miami win by in this game?
Who was 23-3
Who failed a TD pass
How many passes were missed by Geno Smith?
How many more points did Miami score over the Jets?
how many points did the Jets make?
how many points did the jets fall behind?
Which happened later, the reenactment of the Battle of Waterloo at Astley's Amphitheatre or the Eglinton Tournament of 1839?
Where did WIlliam go first, Saint-Valery-sur-Somme or Hastings?
How many thousands did the contemporary estimates of William's forces vary by?
How many types of troops did William's army have?
How many months after gathering in Normandy were William's troops delayed from leaving?
How many men were not cavalry?
How many men is the difference between the smallest and largest estimates of William's forces?
How many total animals did the Adil Shah lose in the campaign?
How many months after his withdrawal did the Adil Shah formally request peace with the Portuguese?
Why did Adil Shah retreat?
How many more men did Adil Shah lose than horses?
how many more men died than oxen?
How many living beings all together died?
Where was the artillery left?
How many months did this take place?
what made weather really bad
Where was Adil Shah Army?
who used the rain as an advantage?
How many months into the year did Adil Shah ordered the steady withdrawal of his forces?
How many more men were there than oxen?
Which did Adil Shah lose more of, men, horses, elephants or oxen?
Which did Adil Shah lose the least of, men, horses, elephants or oxen?
How many more horses than elephants did Adil Shah lose?
How many more men then oxen did Adil Shah lose?
How many horses and elephants did Adil Shah lose total?
How many animals did Adil Shah lose total?
How many more men did Adil Shah lose than horses?
How many men, horses, elephants and oxen did Adil Shah lose combined?
How many more oxen did Adil lose than elephants?
Which animal  did Adil Shah lose in greater amount, elephants or horses?
What did Adil Shah abandoned in the river, elephants or artillery?
Which quarterback threw fewer touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Ryan Fitzpatrick's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Chad Henne's touchdown pass compared to Ronnie Brown's rushing touchdown?
In which quarter did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw his longest touchdown pass?
How many more touchdown passes did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw compared to Chad Henne?
Who had more men, the rurales or the Federal Army?
How did Diaz create his political machine?
How many federal forces were there?
What advantage did the rurales have?
Which forces have the same number of members?
Who had the fewest number of people?
How many total soldiers were in the Federal armed forces?
Who were highly effective in bringing control to the countryside
Who were put on trains with their horses to put down rebellions in relatively remote areas of Mexico?
How many things did he do that build his political machine, early on?
What things did he do that build his political machine, early on?
Who did the civilians replace?
Who became his personal armed force?
How many more Federal Army men where there than rurales?
How many military men were there all together but not counting the rurales?
Which branch of the forces were put on trains?
Where did the rurales do most of their "policing" ?
Who dealt with most of the rebellions?
Which two countries make use of the Itaipu Dam?
In 2007, how many TWh were not exported from Paraguay?
How many more Kwh did Paraguay export than they use in 2002?
How many TWh of electricity did Paraguay consume in 2007?
Who does Paraguay share ownership of Yacyretá with?
How much energy did Paraguay use in 2002?
How many more dams in the world have more power-generating capacity than the Itaipú Dam?
How many countries share ownership of the Itaipú Dam?
How many hydropower plants does Paraguay co-own with another country?
Does Paraguay use most of the power it generates, or export it?
How many countries export more electical power than Paraguay?
How many more power in 2002 did Paraguay generate compared to consuming?
What happened first, Paraguay  produced 70 TWh electricity or atleast 48 billion KWH?
Which countries does Paraguay co-own a plant with?
Who did the eagles lose to last week?
Which team scored first?
Which team won?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
Who took the first lead in the second half?
Which team played the Redskins in week 4?
Which team won the week 4 Eagles game?
How many points did Crabtree score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Eagles have at halftime?
How many points did the 49ers score at the half?
How many combined points did both teams score in the third quarter?
Which team lost the game?
How many points did the Eagles get in the fourth quarter?
How many points did the 49ers score in the fourth quarter?
How many yards in all did David Akers kick in field goals?
What were the two longest field goals made in the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many more are of European origin than are of Maghrebis origin?
How many more second generation immigrants 18 to 50 are there than immigrants?
Are there more people of European origin or of Maghrebis origin?
Of the foreign-born immigrants and their direct descendants living in France, are more if European origin, or Maghrebis origin?
How many more million people are from European origin than Maghrebis origin?
For those of Maghrebis origin, are more Algerian or Moroccan or Tunisian?
How many more percentages of people are Algerian rather than Moroccan?
How many million people in the immigrant population are not between the ages of 18 and 50?
In the second-generation immigrant population, how many million people are not in the 18 to 50 age group?
What were the Polish-Soviet War and the Lithuanian-Soviet War caused by?
How many days passed between Germany signing the Compiègne Armistice and Russia renouncing the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk?
How many days after World War I ended did Russia renounce the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk?
How many years did the Soviet westward offensive last?
How many countries did the Bolsheviks attack from the east when they followed the retreating German troops?
How many months after the Soviets halted the attacks did Poland capture Vilnius?
How many days did the negotiations in Kaunas last?
How many years was it between when the Confederation deveated Ava and when Sawlon I of Mehnyin had reunited most of Upper Burma and cis=Salween Shan states?
How many years was it between when the Confederation deveated Ava and when Salwon I was assassinated?
How many years was between when Salwon I of Mehnyin has reunited most of Upper Burma and cis-Salween Shan states and when he was assassinated?
How many years passed from when the Confederation finally defeated Ava to when Sawlon I was assassinated?
Why did the Confederation ceased to be a unified force?
How many years between when the Confederation finally defeated Ava and its erstwhile ally Prome?
Which occurred last, Sawlon I was assassinated or the Upper Burma and cis-Salween Shan states being reunited?
What happened first, Sawlon I's assassination or the Confederation defeat of Ava?
What two kingdoms were defeated by the Confederation?
Which kingdom was defeated last, Prome or Ava?
How many years after the Confederation defeated Ava did it defeat Prome?
Which occurred first, Sawlon I was assassinated or the Confederation defeated Ava?
How many yards, in the second quarter did Carney have in 25 and 47 yard field goals?
Which team scored first in the game?
How did the Giants begin their record season?
Which team won the game?
How many field goals did John Carney kick?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals did John Carney kick?
How many yards was John Carney's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was John Carney's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was John Carney's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more touchdown passing yards were in the game than rushing touchdown yards?
Which players scored a touchdown in the game?
How many field goals did John Carney score in the second quarter?
How many yards longer was John Carney's second field goal compared to his first?
How many total field goal yards did John Carney kick?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many points did Jason Snelling score in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards was the second shortest touchdown?
Which players scored more than 1 touchdown?
How many yards longer was Jason Snelling's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Kevin Boss's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards were Jason Snelling's touchdowns on average?
How many yards were Kevin Boss's touchdowns on average?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes' longest field goal compared to his shortest?
How many field goals were kicked longer than 24 yards, but shorter than 38 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored shorter than 5 yards?
How many total yards of field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes' longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more total field goal yards did Lawrence Tynes make than Jason Elam?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes longest field goal than Jason Elam's longest field goal?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw?
How many yards longer was Eli Manning's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Matt Ryan throw?
How many more yards of touchdown passes did Eli Manning throw than Matt Ryan?
How many yards longer was Matt Ryan's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many touchdowns were less than 5 yards long?
How many more yards was Jason Snelling first touchdown over his second?
How many total yard off of touchdowns did Manning throw to Kevin Boss?
How many more yards was Brandon Jacobs third yard touchdown over Jason Snelling?
Who had fourth quarter touchdown receptions?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many more yards was Lawrence Tynes first field goal over his second?
How many touchdown passes did Eli Manning have in the before halftime?
What all scoring plays did the Falcons have in the first half?
What all scoring plays did the Jason Snelling have?
What all touchdowns did Matt Ryan make?
What all touchdowns did Eli Manning make?
What all field goals did Lawrence Tynes make?
In what quarters did Watt play in?
How many points did Tennessee get?
How many loses do the Chiefs have?
Who suffered a season ending leg injury in the game?
how many did the chiefs lead by?
how many points did texans fall behind?
Which team was losing at halftime?
How many players did the Texans lose to injury?
Going in to the game, how many games had the Chiefs lost in the season?
Which two players suffered season ending injuries during the game?
Which takes longer to destroy a tree, honey mushroom or bracket fungus?
How many different revolts occured in Wales?
Which revolt occurred first, the one led by Madog ap Llywelyn, or the revolt led by Llywelyn Bren?
Which happened first, planning ov invasions of Wales, or the Laws in Wales Acts?
How many years did Llywelyn Bren lead the revolts?
How many years was the Laws of Wales Acts?
How many years did the Laws in Wales Acts last?
Who are all the rebellions under that occurred in Wales?
Whose rebellion of Wales occurred first: Madog ap Llywelyn or Owain Lawgoch?
what is the area of Bahrain Island islands?
In which distance is Bahrain Island longer, from north to south, or from east to west?
How many Bahrain islands didn't the Kingdom of Bahrain consist of?
How many Bahrain Islands did the Kingdom of Bahrain not consist of?
How many in percent does the Bahrain Island not consist of the kingdom's land area?
Which city are the islands closer to, Saudi Arabia or Qatar?
Which area is larger, DC or The Kingdom of Bahrain?
Which area is the largest, north to south or east to west?
How many Bahrain Islands are not part of The Kingdom of Bahrain?
How many islands are in the Kingdom of Bahrain?
How much larger is Bahrain than Washington DC?
Which are the islands closest to, Saudi Arabia or Qatar?
How many more kilometers away from Qatar than Saudi Arabia are the islands?
How many of the Bahrain islands are not included in the Kingdom of Bahrain?
Are the Bahrain Islands closer to Saudi Arabia or Qatar?
How many kilometers closer are the Bahrain Islands to Saudi Arabia than they are to Qatar?
How many boats total were led by Francis de Meneses?
When was the last failed attempt to retake Syriam?
Who helped the arakanese defences?
How many years were between when Arkan lost Syriam and when the navy last tried to retake the port?
How many years did it take Arakan to give up on the Lower Burma coastline?
How many years after Arakan lost Syriam did Portuguese mercenaries seize Sandwip?
What happened first: Arakan lost the port city or Arakan gave up claim to Lower Burma coastline?
What happened second: Arakan lost the port city or Arakan gave up Lower Burma coastline?
What happened first: seized the Sandwip island or seized the Arakanese navy?
What happened second: seized the Sandwip island or seized the Arakanese navy?
How many Portuguese galliots and smaller war boats sailed up the Lemro?
Who took control of Sandwip first?
What year did King Min Khamaung capture Sandwip Island?
How long was the longest field goal?
Which team won the game?
Who had the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns did Larry Fitzgerald have?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Who did the Cardinals lose to before playing the Bears?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown of the game for the Bears?
What were the distances, in yards, of Kurt Warner's second quarter touchdown passes?
What were the distances, in yards, of Neil Racker's field goals?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers make in this game?
How many fewer water boards were there in 2011 compared to in 1850?
What was the oldest governing body in the Netherlands?
How many years did it take for the amount of water boards to be reduced from about 3,500 to 25 in 2011?
Who established the mandate in 1798?
How many waterboards are there in modern times?
How many more water boards were there roughly in 1850 than in 2011
Why are there less water boards in 2011 as compared to 1850?
How many less water boards were there in 2011 compared to 1850?
Were there more water boards in the Netherlands in 1850 or 2011?
How many waterboards were reduced from 3500 down to 25 in the country?
How many years did it take to reduce the waterboards from 3500 in 1850 to 25 in 2011?
By how many water boards had the countries water boards decreased by from 1850 to 2011?
What do gemeenlandshuis and waterschaphuis refer to the housing of in the Dutch region?
How many yeaers did these events span for?
Was the population of Ireland higher in 2011 or 2006?
Was the number of non-Irish nationals living in Ireland higher in 2002 or 2011?
Were more children born to married or unmarried women in Ireland in 2014?
Was the average annual population growth rate in Ireland higher in the years 2002-2006 or 2006-2011?
Who accounted for most of the non-national population?
Who accounted for the least of the non-national population observed?
Migrants from which two eras still represent the genetic heritage of most Irish people?
How many different groups combined to form the Irish?
Which one of the three eras does not represent the genetic heritage of most Irish people?
How many of the 4,588,252 people counted in the 2011 census were Irish?
Irish people are a combination of how many different ancestries?
How many years did it take to increase the population of Ireland by 8.2%?
After how many ages did migrants introduce Celtic language and culture?
How many of the population were not Non-Irish nationals?
How many points did the Redskins lose by?
What week was the matchup against the Steelers for the Redskins?
Who did the Redskins play in their Week 1 matchup?
How many losses did the Redskins have?
How many times have the Redskins beat the Steelers in the last five times they played?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many more people were in the 2011 than in the 2001 census?
How many more people lived in the GHMC in 2011 than lived there in 2001?
Are there more males or females in Hyderabad?
Are there more males or females in Hyderabad?
Are there more boy or girl school children in Hyderabad?
How many percent higher is literacy in Hyderabad than the national average?
Were there more people in the upper class or working class of Hyderabad?
Which class had the majority of people in Hyderabad?
How many more females are there to males in Hyderabad than the national average?
Was the population of Hyderabad higher in 2011 or 2013?
How many more males than females were recorded in the population?
Which average of female per 1000 males was lower, national average or the Hyderabad urban agglomeration?
Among children, which were there less of, boys or girls?
Which class was more populated, upper, middle or working class?
How many years did it take for the population to increase by 3172487 people?
How many more males than females are there in the population?
Which gender, in both adult and children aged years, beats the other gender in population size, male or female?
How many socio-economic classes each make up less than 50% of the population?
Which gender had the highest percentage of literacy: male or female?
Which year had the highest increase in population: 2001 or 2011?
What gender had the lowest number in citizens: females or males?
How many more children aged year of males than females?
What two classes of socioeconomic strata has a lower percentage than the middle class?
What year had the highest population increase: 2011 or 2001?
How many more, in percentage, of males were literate compared to females?
How many less female citizens were there than males?
How many female's per 1000 men did Hyderabad have over the national average?
Who was Thomas Bledlow married to?
Who did Elizabeth marry first, Andrew  Edmonds, or WIlliams?
What were the names of Elizabeth's sons?
How many more sons than daughters did Elizabeth Bledlow have?
Who was father of the wife of the 1st Baron Norris of Rycote?
Who was Williams married to later, Elizabeth Bledlow, or Margery?
How many years passed between Williams' marriage to Elizabeth and his marriage to Margery?
What were the names of Williams' wives?
Who were the husbands of Margery Wentworth?
What were the names of Williams' daughters?
Which of Williams' daughters inherited Thame?
How many children did Elizabeth Bledlow and Andrew Edmonds have?
How many daughters did Elizabeth Bledlow have in total?
How many sons did Elizabeth Bledlow have in total?
How many children did Elizabeth Bledlow have by both husbands?
Who died before Margery Wentworth?
How many daughters did Williams have?
Who died first, Williams or his sons?
Who was Margery Wentworth's second husband?
Who was Williams' oldest daughter?
How many touchdowns did Jordan Howard score in the game?
How many extra points were missed in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team had the lead at halftime?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
In which quarter did the teams score the least amount of points?
Which team did not score in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Which team won the game?
Which team scored the most points in the third quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Bears winning by at halftime?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many losses did the Browns have after the game?
How many days after his arrival at Acre did Richard send a messenger to Saladin?
Who was Saladin's brother?
Who had more supporters, Conrad or Guy?
Which group of prisoners were killed first, Muslim or Christian?
How many months did Richard wait after sending a messenger to Saladin before executing the Muslim prisoners?
How many total crusaders and silver marks did Philip leave?
How many more French crusaders did Philip give than silver marks?
What happened first: Richard arrived at Acre or sent a messenger to Saladin?
What happened second: Richard arrived at Acre or sent a messenger to Saladin?
How many days passed between the arrival of Richard at Acre, and the capture of the city?
How many people quarreled over the spoils of the victory?
How many days after Richard arrived at Acre did the city get captured?
How many total people quarrelled over the spoils of the victory?
How many more french crusaders compared to silver marks did Philip leave?
How many combined french crusaders and silver marks did Philip leave?
Which happened first, Richard arriving at Acre or Richard having 2,700 of the Muslim prisoners decapitated?
How many days after Richard arrrived at Acre was the city captured?
How many months after Richard's arrival was the city captured?
How many people supported Guy for kingship of Jerusalem?
Who agreed to rule upon Guy's death?
How many months after his arrival at Acre did Richard decapitate the Muslim prisoners?
How many days after his arrival did Richard send a messenger to Saladin?
How was Al-Adil related to Saladin?
How many men quarrelled over the spoils of victory?
How many of the men supported Conrad for the kingship of Jerusalem?
Who was Conrad related to?
How many days after arriving at Acre did Richard send a messenger to Saladin?
Who did Richard meet with, Al-Adil or Saladin?
How many months after arriving at Acre did Richard order the decapitation of the Muslim prisoners?
Who was killed first, Muslim prisoners or Christian prisoners?
Who all, did Richard, Philip, and Leopold support for the kingship of Jerusalem?
How many days after arriving in Acre did Richard have Muslim prisoners decapitated?
How many days after arriving in Acre did Richard send a messenger to Saladin?
Which happened first, the Battle of Sisak or the campaign against the Habsburg Monarchy?
What was the beginning month of the Hundred Year's Croatian-Ottoman War?
What season was the Battle of Sisak started in?
What happened first: the Battle of Sisak or the Ottoman army captured Győr and Komarom?
What happened second: the Battle of Sisak or the Ottoman army captured Győr and Komarom?
Which force lost the Battle of Sisak, Ottoman or Christian forces?
How many people were captured by the Ottoman army in 1594?
How many cities did Ottoman forces from the Eyalet of Bosnia attack in 1593?
What happened first, the Battle of Sisak or the capture of Komarom?
What cities did the Ottomans succeed in capturing?
When did the Hundred Years' Croatian-Ottoman War end?
How many cities did Sinan Pasha capture in 1594?
How many years after Ottoman forces laid siege to the city of Sisak was Győr and Komarom captured?
How many days after the end of the Hundred Years' Croatian-Ottoman War did Sinan Pasha launched a campaign against the Habsburg Monarchy?
How many games did the Colts beat the Jaguars?
How many points did the Colts get on the board with?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
Which team scored a safety?
How many touchdowns did Joseph Addai score?
Which quarter did Joseph Addai have the most TD's?
How many more yards was Joseph Addai's longest TD compared to his shortest?
Which quarter did Peyton Manning complete his longest TD pass?
Which WR had more than one TD?
How many different players did Peyton Manning complete a TD to?
How many total yards did Anthony Gonzalez have?
How many TD's did Peyton Manning have that were 40 yards or more?
How many different players had a TD run?
How many different QB's scored a TD after the second quarter?
Which players scored the two longest rushing touchdowns?
How many yards were scored on the first two touchdown plays?
How many yards were gained on the two longest touchdowns scored?
How many rushing touchdowns equalled less than 10-yards in length?
Which players caught the two shortest receiving touchdowns?
How many yards were gained in total on the three longest touchdown plays?
How many yards in differential separated the longest and shorteset touchdown plays?
How many yards were gained on the two longest passing touchdowns?
Which player caught the two longest touchdown receptions of the game?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback scored the shorter touchdown?
How many more wins than losses did Indianapolis have after this game?
Who won the last game that these two played this season?
How many points did the Lions score in the first half?
How many points did the Vikings score in the first half?
When did the Lions lose the lead?
How many times did the team who was in the lead change during this game?
How many field goal points did Lions kicker Jason Hanson score?
How many field goal points did Vikings kicker Ryan Longwell score?
How many yards did Hanson get?
How many yards did Culpepper complete?
How many yards was Longwells field goal?
How many yards did Taylor run?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked fewer field goals in the first half?
Were fewer field goals kicked in the first or second quarter?
How many field goals longer than 23 yards were kicked in the first half?
Who kicked a field goal first, Jason Hanson or Ryan Longwell?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
Who kicked the most field goals over the entire game?
How many yards was Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Ryan Longwell's second field goal compared to his first?
Who scored a touchdown first, Calvin Johnson or Chester Taylor?
Which team did the Bears play Sunday?
How many yards was the longest TD pass of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals were there than TD passes?
Where there more field goals or TD passes?
How many dollars grossed internationally than domestically for the movie I Want to Believe?
How many dollars did the film  I Want to Believe gross worldwide than in the U.S?
How many more millions did I Want to Believe gross over the weekend than its first day?
How many more millions of dollars did the film gross internationally than domestically?
How many millions of dollars did the film produce domestically that wasn't on opening day?
How much of the film's total gross was not done internationally?
How much of the film's gross was not done domestically?
How many millions of the film's box office opening weekend gross was not made the first day?
Which did the movie I Want to Believe gross the largest amount of money in its theatrical run: internationally or domestically?
How many more millions did the movie I Want To Believe on the weekend than its opening day?
Where did the movie receive more money than domestically?
What was Montecuccoli's goal?
When did the Spanish declare war?
What worstened Louis' position?
How many months before the Treaty of Westminster did the monarchies of Spain and the Holy Roman Empire sign a formal alliance with the Republic that required that France be returned to her boundaries of 1659?
Who teamed up in 1673?
How many months after the conquest of Naarden did the Spanish declare war?
How many Habsburg monarchies were there?
How many years difference is there between the summer campaign and when France had its old boundaries?
what the event occur August 1673?
what is about the passage?
How many towns of France were taken by the Imperial and Dutch?
How many countries declared war against France?
How many cities was Montecuccoli interested in taking from France?
How many parties wanted France be returned to her boundaries of 1659?
Which happened first, Imperial and Dutch troops conquered the town of Naarden from the French or Spanish declaring war on the French?
How many monarchies signed an alliance requiring that France be returned to her boundaries of 1659?
How many months after the Hapsburg monarchies signed the alliance was Naarden conquered?
How many months after Naarden fell did Spain declare war on France?
How many months after the Hapsburg monarchies signed the alliance with the Republic was the Treaty of Westminster signed?
How many days after the Imperial and Dutch troops conquered the town of Naarden did the Spanish declare war on the French?
Which happened first, Imperial and Dutch troops conquered the town of Naarden or the Spanish declared war on the French?
Which happened later, the Treaty of Westminster or a formal alliance with the Republic that required France to be returned to her boundaries?
How many months after The Habsburg monarchies of Spain and the Holy Roman Empire signed a formal alliance with the Republic was the Treat of Westminster signed?
How many days after Archbishop Chrysostomos lent Anastasiades his backing on the Joint Declaration did Andreas Mavroyiannis agree to visit Greece and Turkey?
How many days after DIKO's executive committee voted to recommend to the party's central committee that the party withdraw from the commission did DIKO decide to leave the coalition government?
How many months passed between DIKO leaving the coalition government and the first Akıncı-Anastasiades negotiation meeting?
How many days was it from when Archbishop Chrysostomos lent Anastasiades his backing to when DIKO's executive committee voted?
How many days was it from when Andreas Mavroyiannis and Kudret Özersa held their first meeting to when DIKO decided to leave the coalition government?
How many years passed between Napoleonic France's defeat and the beginning of World War I?
How many countries are mentioned to have attended the Congress of Vienna?
How many countries made up the Congress of Vienna?
Where was Napoleon finally defeated?
How many years did Waterloo occur before the First World War?
What country had the least amount of influence in the Congress of Vienna?
What group was charged with developing treaties between European nations?
What happened first: Napoleonic France's defeat or the Hundred Days of March?
What happened second: Napoleonic France's defeat or the Hundred Days of March?
What happened first: defeat at Waterloo or First World War?
What happened second: defeat at Waterloo or First World War?
On what date was the Congress's "final act" signed?
How many years after Napoleon's final defeat at Waterloo did the First World War break out?
Whose final defeat was on 18 June 1815?
Where was Napoleon defeated after his return from exile?
What Congress's "final act" was signed nine days before Napoleon's final defeat at Waterloo?
What was the date the Congress of Vienna signed their "final act?
How many is the differencein the yards of the field goal made by Gostkowski and the yards of the TD pass to Bennet?
How many is the differencein the yards of the field goal made by Gostkowski and the yards of the field goal missed by Folk?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns did Blount score?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
How many touchdowns did Tom Brady throw?
Who scored the last touchdown of the first half?
How many points did the Patriots beat the Jets by?
How many field goals were successful in the first half?
How many of the Patriots touchdowns were passes?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd half?
Which team scored more points in the first half, Patriots or Jets?
How many years before the Indian Massacre of 1622 was Jamestown founded?
What happened first, Chief Opechancanough leading surprise attacks or the founding of Jamestown?
How many people in percent of the English population was Chief Opechancanough responsible for killing.
How many years was it between the time John Smith left Virginia and the Indian Massacre of 1622?
How many years after Jamestown was founded did the Indian Massacre occur?
How many years after John Smith had left Virginia did the Indian Massacre of 1622 take place?
How many years after Jamestown was founded did John Smith leave Virginia?
How many years after Jamestown was founded did the Indian Massacre of 1622 take place?
Who had a violent reaction to the expansion and constant seizure of their lands?
How many years before the Indian Massacre of 1622 was John Smith last in Virginia?
What country did the Indian Massacre of 1622 take place in?
Who led attacks that killed 347 people?
What was the cause of violence from the Powhatan tribes?
Before the Indian Massacre of 1622, how many years had it been since John Smith had been to Virginia?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did Gostkowski miss?
How many points did New England lead by at halftime?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many more field goals did Gostkowski make than he missed?
How many total points did both teams score in the game?
How many more victims were there of unlawful entry with intent than motor vehicle theft?
How many more persons are affected per 100,000 by unlawful entry with intent than motor vehicle theft?
How many people were affected by property related crimes total?
Which average is lower for sexual assaults, the ACT or the national average?
How many people were affected by unlawful entry with intent?
How many people were affected by motor vehicle theft?
How many more people were affected by unlawful entry with intent than by motor vehicle theft?
Which was there a higher national average for, homicide and related offences or sexual assault?
How many more unlawful entries with intent than motor vehicle thefts were there?
How many more unlawful entries with intent than motor vehicle thefts were there per 100,000 persons?
How many more unlawful entries with intent than sexual assaults per 100,000 persons were there?
How many people were affected by property related crimes?
Which were there more crimes of, unlawful entry with intent or motor vehicle theft?
How many less motor vehicle thefts were there than unlawful entry with intent?
Which was higher, the national average for homicide or those in the ACT?
Which rate of sexual assault was lower, those in the ACT or the national average?
Why did the Browns stay home?
What was the result of the 21 yard pass?
Who scored in the second quarter?
How many points did the Jets score in the first half? ?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Who scored more points, Browns or Jets?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the 2nd half?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Jets score in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did The Browns lose by?
Who were the Tokara Islands and the north-western group of the Ōsumi Islands transferred to first, Ōshima District or Kagoshima District?
How many years after the Tokara Islands and the north-western group of the Ōsumi Islands were transferred to the Ōshima District were they transferred to the Kagoshima District?
Which islands were returned to Japan later, the Tokara Islands or the Amami Islands?
How many years after the Tokara Islands were returned to Japan were the Amami Islands returned?
When did Japan lose control of the Tokara and Amami Islands?
How many years passed between the return of the Tokara Islands and the Amami Islands?
How many years were the Osumi Islands part of the Oshima District?
What province did Satsunan belong to before the Osumi Province?
What event happened first, the Ryukyu Kingdom being conquered, or The Tokara Islands being returned to Japan?
How many years were between Osumi Islands being transferred, and Kagoshima District being transferred?
How many years were the Ōsumi Islands part of the Ōshima District?
Who was the title of the Amami Islands before World War II?
Who was in charge of Amami immediately following WWII?
How many islands did the United States occupy after WWII?
Which island was returned to Japan last?
How many islands, Tokara and Amami Islands, were put under the United military occupation, which formed the Government of the Northern Ryukyusd?
How many years did the Amani Islands 1953 follow the Tokora Islands 1952 return to Japan?
Which happened first, the Tokara Islands were transferred to Oshima District in 1897 or Kagoshima District in 1973?
How many games had the Lions lost prior to Week 5?
What was the longest field goal in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What county in California did the game take place?
How many more offensive yards did Atlanta have over the Raiders?
How many touchdown passes did Matt Ryan have in the first half?
Which player had both touchdown receptions of the first half?
How many yards was the shortest Matt Ryan touchdown throw of the first half?
How many field goals did Elam kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Elam kick in the first half?
How many yards did the Falcons have in the game?
How many yards did the Raiders have in the game?
How many times did the Raiders score?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who had more yards, Raiders or Atlanta?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who scored the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards did Matt Ryan make in the first?
How many yards did Jerious Norwood get?
How many yards did Jenkins get?
how many yards did jason elam nail?
how many total offensive yards did the raiders have?
How many successful field goal attempts were converted?
How many field goals over 40 yards were made?
What was the Rams record after this game?
Who kicked the longest field goal for the Rams?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the last quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were the Lions losing by at the end of the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
Which kicker kicked more field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown of the first half?
How many yards longer was Cortland Finnegan's touchdown compared to Joique Bell's touchdown?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
Did the Rams score more points in the first or second quarter?
Did the Lions score more points in the first or second quarter?
How many points did each team score in the second quarter?
Which kicker kicked more field goals over the course of the entire game?
How many field goals longer than 45 yards did Greg Zuerlein kick?
Who successfully made the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many points did the Lions win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many field goals over 40 yards were there?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked?
How many more field goals did Longwell kick compared to Lindell?
Which team did not score in the first quarter?
Which team unsuccessfully attempted a two-point conversion?
How many passes did Longwell receive?
Who threw the longest pass?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who scored touchdowns in the second half?
Which player kicked two field goals for a total of 86 yards?
How many points in total were scored in the game?
Which team was leading the game going into the 3rd quarter?
How many wins did the Browns have coming into the matchup with the Packers?
How many losses did the Browns have coming into the matchup with the Packers?
How many wins did the Packers have after beating the Browns?
How many losses did the Packers have after beating the Browns?
What stars would not shine?
How many days passed between the agreement the stormed Warsaw?
How many months did the conflict last?
How many months passed between Alexis of Russia declared the war on Sweden and Charles X signed an alliance with Brandenburg?
How many of the 1/365 of the year, did Charles X Gustav sign an alliance with Brandenburg?
On what 1/12 of a year did Charles X Gustav sign an alliance with Brandenburg?
Which happened first, the signing of an alliance with Brandenburg, or the storming of Warsaw?
Did Casimir's troops have fewer regulars or nobles?
Which occurred first, the Treaty of Marienburg  or Russia declaring war on Sweden?
How many thousand men did Alexis lead?
How many thousand men did Magnus de la Gardie lead?
Who declared war on Sweden?
How many years did the period of low-intensity warfare last?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Mozhaysk or the oprichina?
How many countries were part of  the Treaty of Mozhaysk?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Mozhaysk or the conclusion of the truce between Sweden and Russia?
Why did Denmark, Sweden and Poland-Lithuania intervene?
What happened when the Tsar's nobility was turned against?
How many contries intervened into Livonia?
How many years did low-intensity warfare last?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Mozhaysk or the seven-years truce?
How many years did low level warfare last?
Russia ended the truce with who?
How many years did these events span for?
Which event happened first, the conclusion of the Treaty of Mozhaysk, or Ivan IV turning against part of Tsardom's nobility?
What event happened first, Sweden and Russian concluding a seven-years truce, or the start of the period of low intensity warfare?
How many countries struggle for control of the Baltic?
How many years did the low-intensity warfare last?
How many leaders were mentally ill?
How many years did the low-intensity warfare last?
Denmark and Russia both claimed part of what region?
How caught the only Raiders touchdown?
How many points did each team have at halftime?
How many points were the Chargers ahead by at the end of the first quarter?
Which team scored more points during the second quarter?
How many points were the Raiders trailing by at the end of the third quarter?
Who caught the Raider's only touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did Oakland win by?
How many total points were scored?
How many years after Adèle's death did Erard rally people against Blanche?
Who was the mother of Theobald IV
Who did Blanche of Navarre think was the rightful heir?
How many years did the Fourth Crusade last?
A Queen from where decided to help counsel Blanche?
How many years passed from the Queens death to when Blanche built strong alliances with King Philip II as well as Pope Innocent III
How many powerful people did Blanche of Navarre build close alliances with?
What happened to the rebel barons?
Where did Theobald acquit himself?
How many years did the Fourth Crusade last?
Who challenged Theobald IVs status as heir?
How many years were the lords and knights fighting the Fourth Crusade?
How many highly important people did Blanche of Navarre gain support from?
How many years did the Fourth Crusade last?
Who made the highest field goal?
Who had penalties?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Shayne Graham make?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Shayne Graham make than Matt Stover?
How many yards longer was Shayne Graham's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Carson Palmer make in the game?
How many yards was the final field goal?
How many career punt returns for touchdowns does Hester have?
Which team had more points in the fourth quarter?
How many more points were the Panthers trailing at halftime than at 1:55 left on the clock?
Who was the leading receiver for the Giants?
Who was the leading rusher for the Eagles?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which team had the most fumble recoveries?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
Which team scored first?
Which was the last team to score before halftime?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
How many field goals were scored during the first half?
Who had more yards, Westbrook or Burress?
Who was Pope last, Gregory or Honorius?
Who was removed from his position in 1233?
What happened first: a rumour broke out or internal problems prevented the Hungarians?
What happened second: a rumour broke out or internal problems prevented the Hungarians?
How many times did Pope Honorius III preach a crusade against the Bosnian heretics?
Who did Kuin choose Hungary or Bosnia?
How many years after Pope Honorius III preached a crusade did he repeat this?
How many things did Pope Gregory IX accuse the Catholic Bishop of Bosnia of?
How many years after Pope Honorius III to preached a crusade was the Catholic Bishop of Bosnia replaced?
Who served first, Honorius III or PopeGregory?
Who served first, John of Wildeshausen or Pope Gregory IX?
How many years passed between the first crusade being averted and the crusade prompted by Pope Honorius III?
How many crusades did Pope Honorius III prompt?
What years did Pope Honorius III prompt crusades?
How many crusades did Pope Honorius III preach?
What years did Pope Honorius III preach crusades?
How many years passed between Pope Honorius III's two crusades?
How many total crusades were there, including ones that were averted?
Who was Pope Honorius III's replacement?
How many games over .500 are the Seahawks after this game?
How many rushing TDs did the Seahawks score?
Which player scored first in the game?
How many games had the Seahawks won coming into this game??
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
Which player scored the second shortest touchdown?
How many yards did both rushing touchdowns combine for?
Which player had the second longest touchdown reception?
How many yards were gained on the three longest touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the second longest?
How many yards did the longest field goal and the shortest touchdown combine for?
How many yards long was the average touchdown in length when all touchdowns are accounted for?
How many touchdown passes of at least 40 yards were made?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did the Seahawks score in the first quarter?
How many field goals were made?
How many field goals did John Kasay make?
How many field goals did Neil Rackers convert?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
How many people on the island died according to the largest account?
How many of the population was estimated  to have died according to one account?
How many at least died or escaped caused by the Dutch?
What happened to 90 percent of orang kaya?
How many of the 15000 natives died according to another account?
How many percents of the natives population did not die or get enslaved or deported according to Modern scholars, including Willard Hanna and Vincent C. Loth?
How many years spanned these events?
What event happened first, Flash being widely installed on desktop computers, or Youtube switching over to HTML5 technology?
What event happened first, numerous businesses using Flash-based websites to launch new products, or Youtube switching to HTML5 technology?
What event happened first, Google introducing Google Swiffy, or Youtube switching to hTML5 technology?
Which event happened first, Youtube being founded by former Paypal employees, or Google introducing Google Swiffy?
What event happened first, Flash being widely installed on desktop computers, or Google introducing Google Swiffy?
What event happened first, Youtube being founded by former paypal employees, or Google introudcing Google Swiffy?
What event happened first, Youtube being founded by former PayPal employees, or Youtube switching to HTML5 technology on all devices?
Which technology was originally used by YouTube?
Why did Adobe stop developing Flash Player for Mobile?
How many years after Youtube was founded did it switch to HTML5 technoclogy on all devices from Flash?
How many years after YouTube was created did it offer videos in HTML5 format as opposed to Flash only?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
Which player scored the last touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the shortest field goal?
How many Maha Nawrahta opened the southern front?
What is the Maha Nawrahta's main invasion route?
Where was Maha Nawrahta's largest offensive?
What city did Maha Nawrahta conquer?
Who populated the city of Kanchanaburi?
How many more maximum than minimum soldiers did Maha Nawrahta reportedly have for the southern front?
Where did Maha Nawrahta travel through first, Kanchanaburi or Myitta Pass?
What three areas did Maha Nawrahta's forces invade?
Why did Kanchanaburi fall so quickly?
Which different locations does Siamese sources and Kyaw Thet the main invasion route took?
What are the different reasons for the fall of Kanchanaburi?
When did the Jet's game against the Titans start?
Where will the Jets play in Toronto?
What channel will broadcast the Jets' games?
How many points did the Chargers lead by at halftime?
Which player scored the longest touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski attempt in the first half?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski miss in the first half?
How many total points were scored by halftime?
How many points did the Chargers lead by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did the Charges lose by?
Which team scored less points in the 1st quarter?
How many touchdowns did Steven Jackson have in the 1st quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many points did the Rams score in the 2nd quarter?
Which quarterback completed the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many total rushing touchdowns did Steven Jackson have?
How many touchdowns did Steven Jackson score?
How many points did the Cowboys score?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown of the day?
How many touchdowns did the cowboys score the entire game?
Which team scored first?
How many rushing touchdowns did Stephen Jackson have in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest rushing TD?
Who caught the only TD pass for Dallas?
Did more households fall under the category of marriage living together or non-families?
Did more households have only a female householder present or only a male householder present?
How many households, in terms of percentage, did not have any children under the age of 18 living in them?
How many households, in terms of percentage, did not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
Which size was less, average household size or average family size?
Which gender without a spouse populated the area more, female or male?
Which populated the area more, marriage living together or non-families?
How many more females were without a husband than males without a wife, in percentage?
Where there more households with children under the age of 18 or that were married living together?
How many percent more households were headed by a female only instead of a male only?
Which was smaller, the average family size or average household size?
Of the 870 households how many had a female householder with no husband?
Which groups in average were under 4 in size?
How many in percent of households didn't have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many in percent of households weren't a Marriage living together?
How many in percent of households had a female householder with a husband present?
How many in percent of households were families?
How many in percent of households weren't made up of individuals?
How many in percent of households had someone living alone who wasn't 65 years of age or older?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or non-families?
Which group for households is larger: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is smaller: Marriage living together or made up of individuals?
Which group for households is larger: average family size or average household size?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
which household was most common?
which household was least common?
which household was second most common?
which household was third most common?
How many more, in percent, does households  were Marriage living together than had a female householder with no husband present?
Who got the longest touchdown of the game?
What would the facemask call have given the eagles?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points were scored during the first half?
How many points were scored during the second half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which yard line did both teams score a touchdown from?
How many touchdowns did Tony Romo throw in the first half?
How many more yards was David Akers second field goal over his first?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the first half?
How long were each of Tony Romo's touchdown passes?
Which players scored two touchdowns?
Which players scored one yard touchdowns?
Which group was largest?
How many served on the Qing side in total?
How many years did it take Qing forces to defeat Wu?
Which group of Quing army was the smallest?
How many more Green Standard Army soldiers served on the Qing side during the war compared to Bannermen?
How many total companies were mobilized by the Qing?
How many total Green Standard Army soldiers and Bannermen served on the Qing side during the war?
How many more Mongol and Manchu Banner companies were there than Han Chinese Banner companies?
Who surrendered first, Wang Fuchen or Geng Jingzhong?
Who were the Han Chinese fighting?
How many sources claimed a total of 900000 soldiers fighting against the Three Feudatories?
Which army was seen as less superior, Green Standard Army or Bannermen?
How many source accounts said there was over 400000 soldiers serving?
Which team scored first, Browns or Eagles?
How many interceptions were there in the game?
How many field goals did Phil Dawson kick?
How many points combined did the teams score in total?
Which player scored the last points of the game?
How many points did the Eagles win by?
How many points did they lose by?
Who scored first?
What was the score at the end of the first quarter?
Who scored the most points in the 2nd quarter?
How far was the longest field goal in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which team won the game?
Who made the highest touchdown pass?
Who made the first score second quarter?
How many of Hasselbeck's TD passes were made in the first half?
How many TD passes were made in the last 2 quarters of the game?
How many different players did Hasselbeck complete TD passes to?
Which players did Hasselbeck complete a touchdown pass to?
What all touchdowns did Matt Hasselbeck throw?
What all touchdowns were made by a defensive player?
How many yards difference was Matt Hasselbeck’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many total points did Robert Aguyao accumulate in 4 field goals?
Who was in the lead?
Who made one point
How many games had Tampa Bay lost on the road in the season?
Who was Tampa Bay's leading receiver?
How many more yards did Jameis Winston throw than Mike Evans received?
With this win, how many more games had the Bucs won than lost?
Which year Scotland was involved in the Wars?
How many kingdoms a series of wars starting with the Bishops Wars?
Which year started from a Scottish civil war was fought between Scottish Royalists—supporters?
What was James Graham's title?
Who led the Scottish Royalists?
How many countries did the Covenanters want Charles II upon the throne of?
The show protrays Thompson's life over how many years?
How many years after Addis was arrested did he die?
Where does the play take place?
Who hired Thompson to write a story?
How many years passed between Addis's arrest and his death?
How many years passed between Addis's death and the revival of the play "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" for the Vault Fringe Festival?
How many years after Paul Addis was arrested, did he die?
How many years of Thompson life does the show portray his life from 1968-1971?
how many yards did gostkowski give for the lead?
how many yards did folk get?
How many field goals did Jets kick Nick Folk make?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many passing touchdowns were there?
How many field goals were made in the game?
How many touchdowns did Ryan Fitzpatrick throw?
How many yards was the longest scoring touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 10 yards out?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team scored the least points at halftime?
Which team won this game?
How many total yards did the Patriots kick for field goals?
How many total yards did the Jets kick for field goals?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many more points were scored in the second half than the first?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals?
How many yards was the third longest field goal?
How many yards were each of Folk's field goals?
How many people, households, and families are in the county according to the 2010 census?
How many people and households are in the county according to the 2010 census?
How many people and families are in the county according to the 2010 census?
How many households and families are in the county according to the 2010 census?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: people or households?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: people or households?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: people or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: people or families?
Which group is larger for the county according to the 2010 census: households or families?
Which group is smaller for the county according to the 2010 census: households or families?
How many more people than households are in the county according to the 2010 census?
How many more people than families are in the county according to the 2010 census?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not white?
which had more, families or households?
Which had more, families or people?
Which were there more of, households or families?
How many races made up more than 1% of the population in the county?
How many more percent of the population was a member of the most prevalent race than the next two most prevalent combined?
How many field goals did Feely make in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Feely's field goals result into?
How many touchdowns did Thomas Jones?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Jay Feely kick in the second quarter?
Who caught the second quarter touchdown reception?
Which quarters did St Louis not score?
Which team allowed the least points over all?
How many touchdowns did the Packers score before halftime?
How many points did the packers win the game by?
How many points did the lions score in the second half?
How many full quarters did the Packers trail in points?
How many points were scored total?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many passes did Richard Rodgers receive?
Which team allowed the least points at halftime?
How many points did the Lions score in the second half?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
How many points did the Lions score in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Lions need to tie the game?
Which player caught the longest pass of the game?
How many yards more than 61 did the ball sail through the air?
How many points did the Packers score after halftime?
How many more points did the Packers score over the Lions in the second half?
How many points did the Lions score after halftime?
How many points did the Packers win by?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many points did Seattle win by?
How many points were scored through three quarters?
Who had the Seahawks defeated prior to the Lions game?
Where did the Seahawks play the Lions?
Who got sacked in the 4th quarter?
Who won the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Seahwaks win by?
Which happened first, the mosque incident or the rebellion spreading to Malappuram?
How many weeks after the August 10th attempt to arrest Vadakkevittil Muhammed was Variankunnath Kunjahammad Haji able to take over command of the rebellion from Ali Musliyar?
How many days did these events span for?
What event happened first, the police attempting to arrest Vadakkevittil Muhammed, or British administration coming to an end in Malappuram?
What happened first: attempted to arrest Vadakkevittil Muhammed or Haji took over command?
What happened second: attempted to arrest Vadakkevittil Muhammed or Haji took over command?
Police attacked and fired into a crowd on which date?
This article covers which time frame?
How many individuals issued proclamations to guarantee safety?
How many days after the British administration virtually came to any end and fell into the hands of the rebels did Variankunnath Kunjahammad Haji take over command of the rebellion from Ali Musliyar?
What date did a squad of police arrest a number of Khilafat volunteers and seized records at the Mambaram mosque in Tirurangadi?
What month and year did the furious reaction which engulfed the Eranad and Valluvanad taluks along with neighbouring areas come to an end?
In how many areas did the British administration virtually come to an end by August 8 1921?
How many areas did the rebellion spread to under Variankunnath Kunjahammad Haji, Seethi Koya Thangal of Kumaranpathor and Ali Musliyar?
Who commanded the rebellion first, Variankunnath Kunjahammad Haji or Ali Musliyar?
Who beat the raiders?
What type of score was first?
Who won the game?
Which player scored the first rushing touchdown?
How many years did it take before the rebels were forced to capitulate
How many months into 1596 did he finally he meet with Albanian captains Michael Bua, Giovanni Golemi and Michael Papada
How many captains did Athanasius meet with on August 23, 1596?
How many combined drums and royal banners went to Lecce?
Where was Athanius first, Himariotes or Rome?
Who did Athanius meet first, the Albanian captains or the Pope?
How many years passed between the capitulation of the rebels in the Sanjak and the rebellion in Thessaly?
How many captains did Athanasius meet with in 1596?
How many captains received a monthly pay of 50 ducats?
Which two units of the Himariotes had equal amounts?
When were the rebels forced to capitulate?
How many Albanian captains did Athanasius meet with in August , 1596?
How many items did the arm the arquebuses with?
Where did Athanasius go first, Himara or Rome?
How many years after the Serbian rebels failed did rebellion break out in Thessaly?
How many Albanian captains did Athanasius meet with?
Who did Athanasius meet with first, the Albanian captains or the Pope?
How many years did the Serbian uprising last in the Sanjak of Herzegovina and Montenegro Vilayet?
How many years after the uprising in the Sanjak of Herzegovina and Montenegro Vilayet ended did the rebellion in Thessaly break out?
How many years after Athanasius met with Albanian captains did a rebellion broke out in Thessaly?
Who pulled off an upset win?
How many more sacks than interceptions did the Bucaneers defense have?
How many 3rd-down conversion attempts did Seattle not convert?
Who did the Colts beat the game before this one?
Who is the Colts coach?
How long was the longest made field goal?
Who beat the 49's?
Who scored first in the game?
How many yards was Stovers longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards long was the longest field goal?
How many passes did Peyton Manning throw?
How many yards was the Texans' longest field goal?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass?
Which players kicked a field goal in the first half?
Who kicked the shortest field goal in the first half?
Who kicked the most field goals in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal in the first half?
From what yard lines were the two longest field goals kicked in the first half?
Who scored earlier, Joseph Addai or Ryan Moats?
Which two players scored a one-yard touchdown?
How many yards longer was Joseph Addai's first touchdown compared to his second?
How many touchdowns scored were shorter than 3 yards?
Who threw the earliest touchdown pass?
Which team regained the lead as QB Damon Huard completed a 2-yard TD pass to DE Jared Allen?
Who completed a 38-yard TD pass to WR Vincent Jackson?
Who completed a 2-yard TD pass to DE Jared Allen?
how many yards did huard complete?
how many yards did Carney get?
Who moved into third place on the NFL's all-time rushing touchdown list?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many interceptions did Antonio Cromartie catch in this game?
Which defensive player caught a 2 yard touchdown pass?
Who scored the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many interceptions did Antonio Cromartie have in the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game, Nate Kaeding or John Carney?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson scored in the second half?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 30 yards?
Which kicker made the longest field goal?
Which QB had the longest TD pass?
How many yards longer was Philip Rivers TD pass than Damon Huard's?
How many yards shorter was LaDainian Tomlinson's second touchdown run compared to his first?
Which player caught two interceptions?
How long were each of LaDainian Tomlinson's touchdown runs?
Who caught the second longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker's initial field goal was longer?
How many yards longer was John Carney's first field goal compared to Nate Kaeding's?
Which player's initial touchdown reception was longest?
Which player's initial touchdown reception was shortest?
How many yards did LaDainian Tomlinson accumulate on his two touchdowns?
How many percent was Antonio Cromartie's 2 interceptions this game of his season total?
How many more touchdowns were scored this game relative to interceptions?
How many yards longer was LaDainian Tomlinson's first touchdown compared to his second?
How many field goals were scored in the first quarter?
Which kicker kicked the shortest field goal of the first quarter?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Which player had at least 2 touchdowns in the second half?
How many yards longer was Ladanian Tomlinsons first touchdown than his second?
Who caught the shortest touchdown of the game?
Who won the game between the Ravens and the Chargers?
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Who kicked the longer field goal, Nate Kaeding or John Carney?
What happened first, the Spanish capture of Amiens or Amiens surrendering to the French?
Which treaty was first?
In what year did the tension between Spain and France begin?
How many months did it take for Amiens to surrencer?
How many years do these events span for?
What happened first, the Spanish launching a concerted offensive, or the French crown laying seige?
What happened first, the French crown laying siege, or The peace of Vervins?
What happened first, the Peace of Vervins, or the League members working againast Henry?
What religion was King Henry?
League members were targeted by what?
How many months did the French crown lay siege at Amiens?
How many cities were captured by the Spanish in 1595?
Who sent Bellièvre and Brulart de Sillery to negotiate with Spain?
What happened first: king declared war on Spain or members still worked against Henry?
What happened second: king declared war on Spain or members still worked against Henry?
What happened first: Spanish capture of Amiens or the Edict of Nantes?
What happened second: Spanish capture of Amiens or the Edict of Nantes?
Which did the Spanish take first, Doullens or Calais?
How many years after the king declared war on Spain did the Spanish capture Amiens?
How many months did the French crown lay siege?
How many years did the war last?
What ended the war?
Which was captured first, Amiens or Calais?
Which three locations were captured in 1595?
Who negotiated peace with Spain?
How many field goals did Prater kick?
How many yards did Matt Prater kick in field goals?
How many more yards did Prater kick in field goals than Feely?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many more touchdowns Did the Broncos have compared to the Jets?
How many yards was the average yards kicked for field goals in the game?
How many more field goals did the Broncos kick than the Jets?
From which yard line did both teams score in the first quarter?
Which team scored more points in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Prater have in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Broncos have in the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Jets have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Jay Cutler throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker scored the fewest field goals?
How many passing touchdowns were scored?
How many touchdowns total were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was Matt Prater's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals over 30 yards were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
Who did the Packers play first, the Jets or the Cowboys?
How many points ahead were the Packers at the end of the first half?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points did the Packers score in the first quarter?
How many losses do the Packers have?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Packers win by?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
When did Admiral Makarov die?
Which ship sank first, the Petropavlovsk or the Hatsuse?
How many times did the Japanese attempt to block the Russians from using Port Arthur?
Which ship sank first, the Hatsuse or the Yashima?
How many months were there between the two attempts of the Japanese to block the entrance to Port Arthur?
How many times did the Japanese attempt to block Port Arthur?
How many days were there between the Russian ships hitting Japanese mines, and the Russian government threatening to seize British war correspondents?
When did First Russian Pacific Squadron intention to breakout of Port Arthur?
Who was the second Admiral of the First Russian Pacific Squadron?
Which battleship didn't sink?
How many days passed between the two Russian pre-dreadnaught battleships struck mines and the two Japanese battleships triking mines?
What happened first: Makarov had taken command or Petropavlovsk sank almost immediately?
What happened second: Makarov had taken command or Petropavlovsk sank almost immediately?
What happened first: perished on the battleship Petropavlovsk or the Hatsuse sank?
What happened second: perished on the battleship Petropavlovsk or the Hatsuse sank?
who lead first quarter?
what was the shortest touchdown?
Which player caught the most touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Michael Jenkins' first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards longer was Michael Jenkins' first touchdown catch compared to Jerious Norwood's touchdown run?
How many times did the Raiders score in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Falcons score in the first quarter?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal in the second half?
Which came second, Le'Veon Bell's 7-yard pass or his 7-yard run?
Which kicker scored the most points?
How many field goals did Justin Tucker make in the game?
Which running back scored the most points?
How many yards was the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest pass for a touchdown?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many points were the Ravens trailing by at halftime?
How many yards each was both Bell's running and passing touchdown?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did the Steelers score in the second half?
How many field goals did Tucker score during the first half?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
How many passing touchdowns did the Steelers score?
Who scored fewer points in the first quarter?
Who scored more points in the second quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the entire game?
Who kicked fewer field goals, Justin Tucker or Chris Boswell?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
How many total points were scored in the first half?
How many more points was the winning team winning by into halftime?
How many points did the losing team lose by?
Who was in lead after halftime
Who finished 9-2 wins
Which player kicked the last field goal?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Colts win by?
How many catches did Reggie Wayne have?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the third quarter?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Dolphins win by?
Who scored the first points of the game for the Steelers?
How many games had the Steelers already lost this season?
Which team had the longest TD?
Which team went scoreless in the third quarter?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Steelers lose by?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
From what distance were two different field goals kicked?
How many more yards did Washington did compared to Kirk cousins?
How many less yards did kirk cousins did compared to washington?
How many more was the lead in the first half?
Who shut down the Raider's offense in the first half?
How many was the score at the half?
Who'
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, Lower Silesia falling to the Republic of Poland, or The Kingdom of Prussia becoming part of the German Empire?
How many countries gained Lower Silesia territory after 1945?
Which is further north, lower Silesia or Upper Selesia?
How many years passed from Lower Silesia being under control of Poland until it cam under the control of Prussia?
How many years passed from when Lower Silesia came under the control of Prussia until it became part of the German Empire?
How many years Austrian Habsburg Monarchy?
What is the part of the Lower Silesia?
How many years was the region part of the Kingdom of Prussia before it became part of the German Empire?
How many years after Lower Silesia being annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia did it become a part of the German empire?
Who controlled Lower Silesia first, the Kingdom of Poland or the Kingdom of Prussia?
Who controlled Lower Silesia first, the Germans or the Kingdom of Poland?
How many countries was Lower Silesia divided between after 1945?
How many years passed between the region being annexed by the Kingdom of Prusia and it becoming part of the German Empire?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards did Seattle have in the entire game?
How many catches did Tate have?
How many touchdowns did Tate have?
How many field goals did Hauschka have?
How many field goals did Gould have?
How many touchdowns did Rice have?
How many touchdowns did Forte have?
How many catches did Marshall have?
How many passes of Wilson's were incomplete?
How many yards was the longest pass of the game?
Who threw the game winning score?
Which player kicked the longest field goal, Steven Hauschka or Robbie Gould?
How many yards longer was Jay Cutler's third touchdown pass over his first one?
How many total yards did Jay Cutler throw for touchdowns?
Who kicked the last field goal of the game, Robbie Gould or Steven Hauschka?
How many games had the Seahawks won prior to the game with the Bears?
How many TD passes did Jay Cutler have in the first half?
How many fumbles did the seahawks have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Wilson throw in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
At the end of the first half, which team was winning?
How many yards was Robbie Gould's longest field goal of the fourth quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Wilson throw in overtime?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
how many yards did bennett pass?
how many yards did wilson hit?
how many yards did wilson complete?
how many yards did wilson rush?
how many yards did cutler pass?
how many yards did wilson lead the seahawks?
how many yards did marshall pass?
how many yards did gould tie with?
how many yards did wilson throw?
how many points was chicago down?
how many yards did NFC North lead?
how many yards did lynch get?
What happened first: modified version of the Hawker Woodcock was delivered by the UK or six Heinkel HE 8 floatplanes were procured?
What happened second: modified version of the Hawker Woodcock was delivered by the UK or six Heinkel HE 8 floatplanes were procured?
What was obtained first, land-based Hawker fighter aircraft, or Heinkel HE 8 floatplanes?
How many total additional planes were obtained in 1928?
How many total planes were obtained in 1925?
Where were the fighter aircraft shipped from?
Where were the naval air force forced to relocate to?
Why were the planes were labelled as mail planes?
Why was the naval air service moved to the Avnø peninsula from the air base in Ringsted?
How many aircraft's were purchased in 1925
How many years passed when six Heinkel HE 8 floatplanes were procured?
How many countries was there a dispute with?
What were the Heinkels used for ?
Why was the new aircraft moved?
Which purchase was made first, three land-based Hawker fighter aircraft that would be based in Ringsted or the naval air service procurment of six Heinkel HE 8 floatpalnes?
How many years after the naval air service procured six Heinkel HE 8 floatplanes were two Hawker Nimrods acquired to keep pace with rapidly evolving technology?
Which aircraft made the air base in Ringsted inadequate?
How many points were scored on the first possession?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick?
Which player had the most rushing yards in the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many interceptions did Kyle Orton throw?
How many interceptions did Tom Brady throw?
Which teams punted?
Who had no interceptions?
How many more yards was Gostkowski's second kick over his first?
How many passes did LaFell receive?
What yard line did both teams score from?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many field goals did Gostkowski attempt in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
Which quarter did the longest field goal occur in?
From what distance did multiple players score touchdowns?
Which players scored 1-yard touchdowns?
How long were each of Gostkowski's field goals?
From what distance did Gostkowski miss a field goal?
How many incomplete passes did Tom Brady throw?
How many total yards did Tom Brady and Kyle Orton throw for?
Who scored the longest TD in yards?
Which team scored in every quarter?
Who played the finally game at Giants Stadium?
How many touchdowns did Moore throw?
How many different rushers scored touchdowns for the Panthers?
How many field goals were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many times did the Giants score in the first half?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest?
How many touchdown passes were over 20 yards?
How many more touchdowns were due to passing rather than running?
How many yards did John Kasay get in the first four?
Which player was injured?
How many yards did Tynes get?
How many yards did Brad Hoover score?
Which happened first in 1915, February 23, a court of Inquiry held or May 19 a prepared 450 page report?
How many total 205 sepoys tried  and 47 executed?
Who had the most, sixty-four mutineers were transported for life or 73 given terms of imprisonment?
How many months after the Court of Inquiry ws held was the 450-page report released?
How many sepoys were tried by court-martial and not publicaly executed?
How many more mutineers were imprisoned than were transported for life?
How many days passed between the Court of Inquiry being held and the report that was prepared by them?
How many of the sepoys were not executed minimum?
How many more mutineers were given imprisonment for 7 to 20 years than those who were transported for life?
How many years difference is there between the minimum and maximum sentence the 73 mutineers were given?
Which happened first, Kassim Mansoor's execution or Nur Alam Shah's deportation?
How many months did the court of Inquiry take to prepare their report?
How many sepoys that were tried by court-marial were not publicly executed?
Were more men transported for life or given prison terms?
How many months passed between the Court of Inquiry and the release of the report?
How many more mutineers were imprisoned than transported?
How many years is the difference between the longest and shortest prison sentence given to the mutineers?
How many countries had communities on Newfoundland's coast?
St. John's was unsuccessfully besieged in what time of year?
What tribe was allied with the French?
How many years span all of these events?
What event happened first, St. John being captured, or The english destroying French fishing outposts?
How many years passed after King William's war before fighting broke out again in Newfoundland?
How many attacks on Plaisance were contemplated but not made?
How many years spanned as English fleet commanders contemplated attacks on Plaisance?
How many years passed as William's War, d'Iberville had destroyed most of the English communities?
Who mainly populated Newfoundlands coast?
Who was King during most of the events?
Which happened first, the French and their Indian allies attack Fort William or John Leake descending on the outlying French communities?
How many times did the English consider attacking Plaisance?
How many years did it take for King Williams War to destroy most of the English communities?
What happened first,  the English sent a fleet to destroy French fishing outposts or captured St. John?
How many years did they contemplate  attacks on Plaisance?
Who captured St Johns
When were English communities destroyed
How many years after the English sent a fleet to destroy French fishing outposts on the northern coasts of Newfoundland did a combined force of French, Canadian, and Mi'kmaq volunteers captured St. John's and destroyed the fortifications?
How many years after St. John's was destroyed by the French, Canadians and Mi'kmaq was it reoccupied and refortified by the English?
How many years after most of the English communities were destroyed did the island become a battleground again?
Which happened first, The English sent a fleet that destroyed French fishing outposts on the island's northern coasts or St. Johns was captured?
How many years apart were the times where English fleet commanders contemplated attacks on Plaisance but did not make them?
How many touchdowns was Dalton responsible for?
How did the Seahawks score their last touchdown?
How many points did the Bengals win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who caught the first receiving touchdown for the Bengals?
How many total points were scored?
How many field goals did Steven Hauschka make in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the  Seahawks lose by?
How many points did Chicago score in the first quarter?
How many points passing did Chicago score in the second quarter??
how many yards did Fort get in his td run?
how many yards did orton complete?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Robbie Gould’s fist field goal compared to his second field goal?
How many yards difference was Kyle Orton’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many yards difference was Matt Fort’s touchdown run compared to Kevin Smith’s touchdown run?
How many scores did the Bears have during the first half?
Who's touchdown catch in the second quarter was longer, Fort or Hesters?
Which quarter did both teams score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
What all touchdown passes did Kyle Orton throw?
What all field goals did Robbie Gould make?
How many yards longer was Kyle Orton's touchdown pass to Devin Hester than his touchdown pass to Matt Fort?
How many yards longer was Robbie Gould's fourth quarter field goal compared to his first quarter field goal?
Which quarters did Robbie Gould score a field goal in?
Which quarters did Kevin Smith make a TD run in?
Which half did Kyle Orton make all of his TD passes in, the first or the second?
At what minute mark of the first quarter did Robbie Gould score his field goal of the game?
Whose quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass?
Which kicker had neither the shortest or longest field goal of the night?
Which player caused the game-ending interception
How many field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team did the Patriots first defeat?
Where did the Patriots return to, to play the Indianapolis Colts?
Which team scored first?
Which two players where the ones to get the only score in the first quarter?
How many times did Manning and Harrison work together to score?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals were kicked from less than 30 yards?
How many first-half touchdowns did Dillon score?
How many touchdown receptions did Marvin Harrison catch?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did Marvin Harrison score in the first quarter?
Which player scored more field goals, Gostkowski or Adam Vinatieri?
How many points did Bensons's 10-yard touchdown run result into?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who threw the first touchdown?
How many yards was the first touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which team scored the most for the game?
How many yards was Cedric Benson's touchdown run?
How many yard touch down did Schaub throw in the third quarter?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many points did the Titans need for a comeback?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many points did the Tennessee Titans score in the fourth quarter?
Who threw more interceptions Manning or Young?
How many points had the Titans scored in the first three quarters?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which quarterback had at least two interceptions?
Which team had more field goals?
How many points did the Chiefs score?
How many passing touchdowns did Cassel have in the game?
How many interceptions did Cassel throw in the game?
Which QB threw more touchdown passes?
Which QB had the most passing yards?
How many more passing yards did Cassel have than Bridgewater?
Which player caught the most TD passes?
How many interceptions did the Vikings have?
Who threw two touchdown passes?
How many more civilians than military personnel died in the Soviet Union during the war?
How many years were ethnic Serbs persecuted?
How many years were Poles massacred by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army ?
Approximately how many Soviet civilians die in the war?
Approximately how many civilians died in the war in total?
What was Germany's military casualty total?
Over how many years ethnic Serbs persecuted?
How many years did the Volhynia massacres and the persecution of the Serbs overlap?
How many years was the time span where over 200,000 ethnic Serbs, along with gypsies and Jews were persecuted and murdered by the Axis-aligned Croatian Ustase in Yugoslavia?
Who lost more military in the war, The Soviet Union or Germany?
Who had more deaths, military personnel or civilians?
How many factors contributed to the greater amount of civilian deaths?
In the Soviet Union, who incurred more deaths, military or civilian?
Who had the most deaths on the Allied side?
How many years were the ethnic Serbs persecuted?
Who lost more people during the war, The Soviet Union or Germany?
How many years did World War II last?
Over how many years were 100,000 Poles massacred by the Axis-aligned Croatian Ustaše in Yugoslavia?
Who played QB for the Ravens?
How many yards was the game winning field goal?
Which team won the game?
In which quarter did Stover kick a longer field goal, the first or the third?
Who did the Jets lose to in week 2?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
Which team scored on a punt?
Which team won?
How many total yards of field goals did Matt Stover make?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers make?
How many more total field goal yard did Matt Stover make than Neil Rackers?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yard longer was the longest field goal in the game than the shortest?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Kurt Warner throw?
How many yards longer was Kurt Warner's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more touchdown passing yards did Kurt Warner have than Steve McNair?
How many yards was the second longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was  Anquan Boldin's longest touchdown compared to his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Stover's longest field goal compared to his second longest?
How many yards shorter was Matt Stover's shortest field goal compared to his second shortest?
How many field goals were kicked between 30 and 39 yards?
Who scored the shortest touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored 30 yards or longer?
How many field goals did Matt Stover make in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdown passes did Kurt Warner throw in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Stover kick in the second quarter?
How many years ago Chargers were in playoff contention?
How many games did Chargers play so far this year?
How many more games have the Charges lost than won this season?
If the Chargers' home finale doesn't sell out, how many consecutive blackouts will they have had?
How many losses did the Chargers have after the game?
How many years did the events span?
What event happened first. both accepting French garrisons, or forcing the French behind the Adda river?
Who accepted french garrisons?
Who had the most soldiers?
How many soldiers were there minimum between the French force, the Savoyards, and the Irish Brigade?
How many supply bases did Eugene have in Mantua?
How many months after agreeing to French garrisons in Northern Italy, did the Austrians make significant gains in that area?
Which town did Vendome attack first, Borgoforte or Guastalla?
What were all the forces at Luzzura?
Who had the largest force in Luzzara: French or or Savoyards?
How many members of the French force were not Savoyards, at the highest estimate?
How many men was the lowest estimate of the number of men in the French forces?
How many men was the highest estimate for the French forces?
How were all the points scored in the first half?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
Who score the most points, 49ers or Raiders?
Who had the lead in the first quarter?
How many field goals were kicked from less than 30 yards?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player had a 32-yard touchdown reception?
Who threw the longest touchdown of the game?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many more yards did Sebastian Janikowski earn in the first half than he did in the second?
Which players scored field goal kicks?
How many more yards were Sebastian's field goals than Nedney's?
How many field goals were kicked that were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many yards was the second longest play of the game?
How many touchdown passes were made in the second quarter?
How many more yards were kicked by field goal than made with touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes was Alex Smith involved with?
Whose plays had more yards, Alex Smith or Sebastian Janikowski?
How many more yards did Sebastian Janikowski earn than Alex Smith?
How many field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
In which quarter was the first touchdown scored?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player was responsible for the first scoring play of the game?
How many field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make in the game?
Which team scored first?
Who won the game?
Who scored the first points of the game?
How many touchdown plays were from less than 10 yards out?
Who scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals did Ryan Longwell score in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns passes did Chad Henne throw in the first quarter?
How many total touchdowns were scored?
Which player scored a defensive touchdown off of a fumble recovery?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many points did the Texans lose by?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Texans score in the first quarter?
How many losses did Houston have when the game was over?
Which team only got one touch down?
Which player helped increase their lead in the last quarter?
How many passes did Aaron Rodgers throw?
Who made the only touchdown Bills scored?
How many touchdowns did the Packers make in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Packers make in the fourth quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Packers make in the second half?
How many field goals did mason Crosby make?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Which player scored the final touchdown of the game?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play?
In which quarter did the Packers score two touchdowns?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards were converted?
How many rushing touchdowns of less than 5-yards were scored?
How many touchdowns were longer than 20-yards?
Who kicked two field goals in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bills have in the game?
In which quarter did the most field goal kicks take place?
How many players scored for the Bills?
How many of the Bills' players scored?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many times did the Bills score in the first half?
How many yards do the first two field goals equal to when combined?
How many yards of differential are there between the first and second field goal?
How many yards do the initial field goal and the initial touchdown combine for?
How many yards to the first two touchdown runs combine for?
What was the common last name for the runningbacks that scored the initial two touchdowns?
Which wide receiver caught the shortest touchdown reception of the game?
Which wide receiver caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
What was the longest touchdown run by a position other than runningback?
How many yards did the longest touchdown run and longest touchdown pass combine for?
How many yards do the longest field goal, rushing touchdown and touchdown pass combine for?
How many yards of differential are between the longest field goal and the longest touchdown reception?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
Which players had touchdown receptions?
How long were each of Aaron Rodgers's touchdowns?
How many total yards did Aaron Rodgers throw for touchdowns?
How many yards difference exists between Aaron Rodgers's longest and shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference exists between Mason Crosby's longest and shortest field goal?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby score in the first quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Aaron Rodgers second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the 49ers win by?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many total points were scored in the entire game?
What team scored the first points in the 1st quarter?
Which team won the game, 49ers or Saints?
How many points did the Saints score in total?
how many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the 49ers win by?
How many more  troops did Malabar have than Mysore's army?
How long after the Mysorean garrisons were trapped by Nair rebels did the East India Company seige the Sultan Bathery Fort
How many more men did Mysore's army have then the Kottayam Nairs?
Which happened to the Mysore army first, building Palakkad Fort or being defeated by the Nair rebels?
How many years did the Mysore army fight before taking Malabar under their control again?
What happened first: Malabar again revolted Mysore's army or building the strategic Palakkad Fort?
What happened second: Malabar again revolted Mysore's army or building the strategic Palakkad Fort?
Who had more men in 1767: Mysore's army or Kottayam Nairs in Northern Malabar?
Who had fewer men in 1767: Mysore's army or Kottayam Nairs in Northern Malabar?
How many years after Mysore army unsuccessfully stormed the Kingdom of Travancore did Mysore forces under Said Saheb and Srinivasarao marched to Malabar through the Thamarassery Pass?
What happened first: Mysore army unsuccessfully stormed or whole of Malabar again revolted?
What happened second: Mysore army unsuccessfully stormed or whole of Malabar again revolted?
What happened first: the Company reclaimed Randattara or broke the earlier treaties?
What happened second: the Company reclaimed Randattara or broke the earlier treaties?
How many more men were in Mysore's army in 1767 compared to Kottayam Nairs?
How many years after the whole of Malabar revolved aginst Mysore's army did the Mysore army retreat from malabar temporarily?
How many yards out did Josh Brown make his longest kick?
How many points did the Rams have at halftime?
Which team scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points from field goals were scored?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Josh Brown kick in the first quarter?
Which team scored first?
Which player had the last TD of the game?
How many yards difference exists between Josh Brown's longest and shortest field goal?
Which players made field goals longer than 40 yards?
Which players had rushing touchdowns?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Who made the second most number of field goals?
How many TDs did Quinn Gray get?
How many quarters did Sapp play in?
How many interceptions did David Garrard have this game?
Why was kicked out of the game?
Who lost the game, the Raiders or the Jaguars?
What player gained the most ground in the game?
How many touchdowns passes did Russell throw?
How many Jaguars Quarterbacks threw touchdown passes?
How many interceptions did David Garrard throw in this game?
Who had a touchdown pass with 11 seconds left in the game?
Who replaced Jameis Winston?
How were all of the first half points scored?
How many points were the Bucs ahead after the first score?
How many points did the Jets have after they scored with 38 seconds left?
What team scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many total points were scored?
Which happened first, the April Uprising or the Russo-Turkish War?
How many years after the April Uprising was the Berlin Treaty signed?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
in the interplay between the Orthodox and the Uniat doctrine who was Bulgaria supported by?
How many years were between the April Uprising and the Berlin Treaty?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years after the April Uprising was the Berlin Treaty in effect?
How many years after the April Uprising did the Russo-Turkish War begin?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish War last?
How many years after being appointed Palatine-Governor of Smolensk region, did Gosiewski participated as a Commissioner in peace negotiations?
How many days long was the Parliament held in Warsaw in 1613?
Which occured first, the Treaty of Polanow or the Parliament held in Warsaw?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Polanów or Jan Kunowski wrote a series of poems dedicated to his late patron?
Who began to renovate the walls of the city?
How many years before Jan Kunowski wrote her poems did the Treaty of Polanów happen?
How many days was the Parliament extraordinary held in Warsaw?
How many places was the Swedish army defeated during the war with Sweden?
Which happened first, Gosiewski taking on the governate of Smolensk or the famous defense of Smolensk?
How many cities did he fight in?
How many institutions were founded by him?
How many cities was the Swedish army defeated in?
How many religious institutions were founded by him?
How many days was Gosiewski the Speaker of the Parliament extraordinary in 1613?
Who was the Palatine-Governor of the Smolensk region?
Who reviewed the fortifications in Dorogobuzh?
Who founded the Jesuits' College in Vitebsk?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yard TD run from Lacy?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yard TD run from Starks?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yard run by Gerhart?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards of the first field goal by Crosby?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards of the second field goal by Crosby?
How many is the difference in the number of yards Hyde returned the kick for and the number of yards TD run by ponder?
who won the game?
Who scored first?
How many total points were there at the half?
How many was the shortest touchdown yard drive in the game?
How many points did the Packers win over Vikings?
Which team scored first?
Which team allowed the fewest points?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the second quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored in the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the most touchdown passes of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Packers win by?
How many touchdown passes did Stafford have?
Who caught the final touchdown pass of the game?
How many field goals were there in the game?
Which player passed  the first touchdown play in the game?
Which team is Maurice Morris a running back for?
How many points ahead was Detroit going into halftime?
Which team had a win at Miami the week before?
Which player got the lions on the board?
Which team allowed the least points in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the fewest points at halftime?
Which team won the game?
How many quarters did the Lions dominate?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many total yards were all the field goals made in the game?
How many total yards were all the return touchdowns?
Which players made field goals longer than 35-yards?
What all touchdowns did Matthew Stafford throw?
What all touchdowns were made by the Lions defense?
How many yards difference was Matthew Stafford ’s first touchdown pass compared to his second?
How many years after H.B. Reese died was the H.B. Reese Candy Company acquired by Hershey's?
How many years after founding the H.B. Reese Candy Company did Reese die?
How many years after Reese founded the H.B. Reese Candy Company did he die?
Where does Reeses have bigger sales, United States or globally?
How many years after founding the H.B. Reese Candy Company did H.B. Reese die?
How many years after the six sons acquired H.B. Reese Candy Company was it then sold to the Hershey Chocolate Corporation?
Which region sees higher sales of Reeses Peanut Butter Cups, in the United States or globally?
How many more millions did damage caused by Republican forces cost the Free State than waging the actual war did?
What caused the worst damage to the country?
when the new state ended and with how much budget deficit?
How much cost  material damage caused by the war to property and by whom?
How many months did the Republicans abandon their fixed positions?
How many years did the boundary negotiations last?
How many million £ was the budget deficit?
How many million did the war cost?
How many million did the material damage caused by the war to property cost?
How many million was the total cost of the war estimated at?
How many months after the Republicans burned many administrative buildings and businesses did Deputy Hogan estimate the cost of war at £50 million?
How many months after the truce of July 1921 did the forces abandon their fixed positions?
How many more Cossacks did Doroshenko have under him than Tartar allies at the maximum estimates of both?
How many days passed between Doroshenko resuming the siege at Bila Tserkva and his withdrawal to Bar?
How many neighborhoods were burned by Cossack-Tatar troops?
Which happened first, the Kalnitsky regiment being sent to Crimea or the Poles defeating the Budjak Tatars?
At the end of March, how many locations did Cossack-Tatar troops loot and burn?
How many days was it from the time Doroshenko resumed his siege of the Polish garrison at Bila Tserkva, to the time the Polish army routed the Cossack and Tartar troops?
How many days after the Poles defeated the Budjak Tatars did Sobieski arrive at Bar?
How many more Cossacks were there than Tatars allies?
How many neighborhoods were looted and burned by Cossack-Tatar troops?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown run compared to the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the first touchdown pass relative to the second?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception of the first two quarters?
Which player had the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown of the game relative to the second longest?
Which border town was sacked by Ewardard?
How did Edward force John to abdicate?
What happened during King Alexander III reign?
What was The Great Cause?
How many years passed between the death of Alexander and the death of Margaret?
How many year passed between Alexander's death and the appointment of a new king?
What happened to the successor of King Alexander III?
What year did the succesor of King Alexander died?
When they did not have a prominent leader, what did they say it was?
Who was called to meddle into the affairs
How many years after Alexander died did Margaret die?
How many months after John renounced his homage did he fully abdicate?
how many points did the seahawks lead by?
how many yards did the bengals fumble?
How many points was Seattle's biggest lead of the game?
Which team returned a fumble for a touchdown?
How many points did Janikowski's 47 yard field goal result into?
How many touchdowns did Gostkowski catch that day?
How many points ahead were the Patriots at halftime?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first half?
How had more completed passes, Tom Brady or Derek Carr?`
How many more yards did Tom Brady throw compared to Derek Carr?
How many points were the Patriots ahead by at halftime?
Who kicked the longest field goal, Gostkowski or Janikowski?
How many incomplete passes did Brady throw?
Which quarterback had more passing yards?
Which offense had less yards?
How many points did both teams score on their opening drives?
How many points did Janikowski get the Raiders on the score board with?
How many points did the Patriots get on the board with?
How many points did Gostkowski score before halftime?
How many wins did the Patriots have to start the game?
How many touchdowns did Carr have?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Which player kicked the third longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fourth longest field goal?
Which player kicked the fifth longest field goal?
How many yards in field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many yards in field goals did Gostkowski kick in the game?
How many games has Seattle lost this season?
How many games has Seattle won this season?
In which quarters did both teams score?
How many touchdown passing yards did Hasselbeck have?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many yards longer was Rackers fourth quarter field goal compared to his second quarter field goal?
Which players caught 5 yard touchdown passes?
How many different players did Hasselbeck pass to?
How many more passes did Hasselbeck make than Leinhart?
How many more total passing yards did Leinart have than Hasselbeck?
How many yards did Rackers have in field goals?
How many total field goal yards did Neil Rackers make in the game?
How many yards longer was Neil Rackers' longest field goal than his shortest field goal?
How many total combined touchdown passing yards were in the game?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Mat Leinart make?
How many total touchdown passing yards did Matt Hasselbeck make?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Matt Leinhart have than Matt Hasselbeck?
How many yards longer was Matt Leinhart's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass than his shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Matt Leinhart's longest touchdown pass than Matt Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass?
Which happened later, the Treaty of Adrianople or the April Uprising?
Which treaty was introduced earlier, the Treaty of Adrianople or the Treaty of San Stefano?
What year did Russia agree to a settlement under the Treaty of San Stefano?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish war last?
Which happened earlier, the April Uprising or Russia agreeing to a settlement under the Treaty of San Stefano?
What year did Russia and Austria-Hungary make the Reichstadt Agreement?
How many months did the April Uprising last?
Which began later the April uprising or Russo-Turkish war?
Which happened first, the Treaty of Adrianople or the Treaty of San Stefano?
Which war occurred first, Greek War of Independence or the Russo-Turkish war?
How many former provinces were recogned by the Ottoman Empire as a result of the Treaty of San Stefano?
How many months did the April Uprising last?
How many months was the April Uprising?
Which uprising occured first, the one against Ottoman rule in Herzegovina or the April Uprising?
What year was the Reichstadt Agreement reached?
Which treaty occured first the Treaty of Adrianople or the Treat of San Stefano?
Which treaty was signed first, the Treaty of Adrianople or the Treaty of San Stefano?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish war last?
Which happened first, the Bulgarians organizing the April Uprising or Serbia achieving autonomy?
Which treaty came first, the Treaty of Adrianople or the Treaty of San Stefano?
How many months did the uprising last the the Bulgarians organise?
How many years did the Russo-Turkish war last?
What happened first, the Greek War of Independence or the Russian advance into Bulgaria?
How many months after the uprising against Ottoman rule began in Herzegovina  began did the April Uprising start?
How many months did the April Uprising of 1876 last?
How many countries made the secret Reichstadt Agreement?
How many receiving touchdowns did Celek gain that year?
How many losses do the Cardinals have?
How many wins did the Vikings have before this game?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many points did the Vikings get on the board with?
How many points did the Cardinals have at halftime?
How many points were the Cardinals leading by at halftime?
Which team lost?
Which player scored in overtime?
How many touchdowns did the Vikings score?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which team scored the least points points?
How many wins does this game give the Cardinals?
How many touchdowns were in the first half?
Which team scored the most in the second quarter?
How many field goals were there in the second quarter?
How many losses was this game to the Cardinals season?
Who scored the winning points?
Who scored the first points of the game?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Who threw the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many yards was Longwell's second longest field goal?
Which team was winning at halftime?
Which team scored last?
Who was intercepted?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were in the first half?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Texans leading by at the end of the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Seahawks win by?
How many yards was the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many total field goals did Garrett Hartley make in this game?
How many total touchdowns were thrown by quarterbacks in this game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored by New Orleans in this game?
How many rushing touchdowns were scored by Kansas City in this game?
Which team scored more points, New Orleans or Kansas City?
How many field goals did Barth make?
How many field goals did Hartley make?
How many more field goals did Hartley boot than Barth?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Hartley's longest field goal over Barth's longest one?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards did Hartley kick?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw more TD passes, Thigpen or Brees?
How many yards longer was the longest TD pass over the shortest one?
Which yard line did both  McAllister and Thomas score from?
Which players had 1-yard touchdown runs?
Who caught two touchdown receptions?
How many total yards did Dwayne Bowe have on touchdown receptions?
How long were each of Dwayne Bowe's touchdown receptions?
How many yards difference was there between the longest and shortest touchdown receptions?
What packers trailed?
green bay among?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
By how many percent did unemployment increase between spring 1990 and the end of 1993?
By how many percent did inflation drop between 1990 and 1993?
Between the end of 1993 and 1997, how many percent did the unemployment rate fall?
How many field goals did feely have?
How many passes did Urban catch?
How many passes did Boldin catch?
Which team scored fewer points in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Jay Feely have in the first half?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the first half?
How many touchdown receptions did Laveranues Coles have in the first half?
How many offensive and defensive touchdowns did the Jets have in the first half?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Cardinals have in the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw total?
Which receiver had more touchdown receptions, Laveranues Coles or Jerricho Cotchery?
How many touchdown passes did Kurt Warner throw?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many TD (touchdown) passes were there from under 10 yards?
How many more touchdown passes were there under 15 yards than over 15 yards?
How many more TD runs did Edgerrin James get than Tim Hightower?
How many more yards of TD passes did Brett Favre throw than
How many yards were gained on the two shortest touchdown passes?
Which team gained more yards on rushing touchdowns, the Cardinals or the Jets?
Which team gained more yards on passing touchdowns, the Cardinals or the Jets?
How many yards were gained in total across all Jets passing touchdowns?
How many yards were gained on all Cardinals rushing touchdowns?
What rights Slovaks received on March 1947?
What Poland troops did on 17 July 1945?
Why Poland wanted to modify its border with  Czechoslovakia?
What kind of town was Svit in  1945?
When the border between Poland and Czechoslovakia was set at the 1938 line?
How many total Slovak schools were opened in Poland?
Which happened first, Czechoslovakia and Poland modifying their border along the Dunajec, or the treaty guaranteeing basic rights for Slovaks in Poland was signed?
What year did the armed clashes and fatalities in villages because of the Polish troops come to an end?
How many total Slovak schools (basic and high) were opened in Poland as a result of the treated signed in March of 1947 between Poland and Czechoslovakia?
In which area did Slovaks from the Polish part of Spiš NOT settle in, Svit, Kraków, or Poprad?
Who wanted to build a dam in Czorztyn region, Czechoslovakia, Germany, or Poland?
Were more Slovak basic schools or high schools opened in Poland as a result of the treaty in 1947?
How many years did it take to build the Bekir Pasha Aqueduct?
How many years did the construction of the Silihtar aqueduct take?
Who served as governor second, Pasha or Halet?
Which was built first, the Bekir Pasha aqueduct or the Silihtar aqueduct?
How many years did it take to build the Ebubekir Pasha Aqueduct?
How many aqueducts supplied water to Nicosia?
How many years was the Bekir Pasha Aqueduct built under Ebubekir Pasha?
How many years was the Silihtar aqueduct built in 1801-1803?
Which aqueduct was built first in Cyrus, Bekir Pasha Aqueduct or the Silihtar?
How many years did it take to build the Silihtar aqueduct?
Which was built later, the Bekir Pasha Aqueduct or the Silihtar aqueduct?
How many years did it take for Charles XII to gain 43000 men?
How many men did Charles XII add to his army from 1700 to 1707?
How many more men did Charles XII have in 1707 compared to 1700??
Who had more men to mobilize, Poland and Saxony or Charles XII?
Was Charled XII's army larger in 1700 or 1707?
How many troops did Charles XII gain between 1700 and 1707?
How many years did it take for Charles XII to substantailly grow his army?
Who had the larger army, Charles XII or Russia?
Who had more men, Denmark, or Poland and Saxony together?
How many more men in 1707 did Charles XII have in his army than in 1700?
How many years later did Charles XII army increase to a total of 120000?
Which countries mobilized less soldiers, Denmark or Poland and Saxony?
How many more men were with Poland and Saxony than with Denmark?
Which team scored the least amount of points in the 1st quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Jason Campbell have in the first half?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passes in total?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many total points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal in the game than the shortest field goal?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Roethlisberger throw?
How many touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger have in the second quarter?
Who threw the longest pass during the game?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many two points conversions were there?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What was the result of the Steelers last game?
How many points did both team score in the third quarter?
Which QB had the most sacks?
How many points did the 49ers need to tie at the half?
Which player scored the first points of the second half?
How many more infantry were there than turcopoles?
How many villages did the raiders destroy?
Where did Saladin return from?
What did Saladin intend to damage?
How many more infantry than turcopoles?
How many knight, turcoples and infantry were there combined?
What was attacked first, Jenin or Baisan?
What did Saladin want to damage?
Who else was killed besides the soldiers and settlers outside the fort?
How many days did it take him to lay laid siege to the fort?
What happened in one of their rituals to a soldier?
How many more Natives soldiers were there after dozens joined then there was that entered the Fort?
How many battles are mentioned?
What did some of the Natives do?
Why was the siege lifted?
How many tribes had soldiers that joined in the siege?
Who did Pontiac not bother?
How many days passed between Pontiac defeating them at the Battle of Bloody Run and his withdrawal to the Maumee River?
What happened first, the British learning of Pontiac's plan, or Pontiac entering Fort Detroit?
How many days after withdrew did he siege the fort?
How many soldiers were cannibalized?
How many months after the British supply column from Fort Niagara did Pontiac defeat them at the Battle of Bloody Run?
How many days after Pontiac entered Fort Detroit did Lieutenant Abraham Cuyler get ambushed?
How many months after the Battle of Bloody Run did Native Americans begin to abandon the siege?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Dreessen and the yards of the TD pass to Decker?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Decker and the yards of the TD pass to Ball?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass caught by Dreessen and the yards of the TD pass to Ball?
How many is the difference in the yards of the TD pass to Decker and the yards of the TD run by McGahee?
Which team lost the game?
How long was Manning longest touchdown pass?
Which team placed points on the board first?
How many yards longer was Peyton Manning's longest touchdown pass over his shortest touchdown pass?
Who caught Peyton Manning's second longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Matt Prater make?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards of field goals were kicked in the first half?
How many yards long, to two decimal places, was the average field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the longest field goal of the first half?
Who kicked the shortest field goal of the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the first half compared to the shortest?
How many yards was the second longest field goal of the entire game?
How many yards was the second shortest field goal of the entire game?
Were there more yards of touchdowns in the first or second half?
Were more yards of field goals kicked in the first or second half?
How many touchdowns longer than 10 yards were scored in the second half?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
Who replaced Jake Locker?
How many interceptions did Geno Smith throw?
How many full quarters did Locker play in this game?
What body part did Locker injure?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many touchdowns were in the game?
How many field goals were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
What yard line did both teams score from?
Which team kicked two field goals?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were kicked?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
Who scored touchdowns for the Redskins in the second half?
Which player had a rushing and a passing touchdown?
Which player threw touchdowns over 15 yards?
Who kicked first half field goals?
In what quarter did the Redskins have the lead?
How many yards was the longest touchdown scoring play?
How many touchdowns and interceptions combined did Eli Manning throw?
How many passes did Tarvaris Jackson attempt?
How many field goals of at least 50 yards were made?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards difference is there between Joe Nedney's field goal in the second quarter and Rian Lindell's field goal in the third quarter?
Who had the shortest field goal?
Who scored first in the second half?
Which team didn't score in the first quarter?
Which team did not score in the first half?
How many times did San Francisco score during the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns passes did Shaun Hill throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
What was done to the Wayuus?
How many Spaniards were burned alive?
Who gave the Wayuus firearms?
How were Sierra and his men killed?
Between the Guajiro and the spansish, who suffered the most casualties?
What event immediately followed the capture of the Wayuu people?
What happened to Sierra?
Who testified as to the number of Wayuu that took up arms?
How many locations were involved in the rebel uprising?
Of the 22 Wayuu, 100 Cartagenians, and 20,000 Guajiro, which was associated with the start of everything?
What did the Guajiro ultimately take away from the spansish?
What event was the first appearance of the Guajiro?
Who survived the event at the house of the curate?
Who took more captives, the Spanish or the Wayuus?
How many captives did the Wayuus take?
How many Spanish died when the Wayuus burned the village?
What happened first, the Spanish taking the Wayuus captive, or the Wayuus burning their village?
How many men were killed when José Antonio de Sierra led the expedition?
Where did the Wayuus get their arms?
How many cities did the Spanish send messages to after they took refuge in Riohacha?
Which city sent troops to help the Spaniards in Riohacha?
What was the age span of men who were eligible for conscription?
Which country never experienced conscription?
How many eligible British men were not called up?
How many years did conscription in Britain last for?
How many total wives lost husbands and children lost fathers?
How many of the soldiers who died were not married?
How many years were added onto the Military Service Act after the original span of 18 - 40 was increased?
How many years did conscription last?
Approximately how many Bristish conscriptes did not lose their lives?
How many countries applied conscription?
How many years did Conscription last?
How many unmarried men lost their lives during the First World War?
When was the age limit changed?
How many million of eligible physically fit Britain men were not eligible?
How many of the six million eligible Britain men did not lose their lives?
How many wives and children lost their husbands and fathers?
How many years did conscription last for?
Which team had more offensive yards?
Which player made the last fumble of the game?
How many more yards did the Raiders produce than Denver?
How many more yards did Randy Moss have than Javon Walker?
Which team had more total yards?
Who made more field goals, Elam or Janikowski
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD pass caught by Gresham and the first field goal made by Kaeding?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD pass caught by Gresham and the TD run by Mathews?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the TD pass caught by Gresham and the TD pass caught by Shipley?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the number of yards of the TD pass caught by Gresham and the second field goal made by Kaeding?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
Which quarterback had more passing touchdowns?
Which player scored the longest rushing touchdown?
How many field goals were under 30-yards were scored?
How many field goals did Nate Kaeding kick?
How many yards longer was Nate Kaeding's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards was Nate Kaeding's shortest field goal?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many touchdowns did Carson Palmer throw?
How many of the touchdowns were rushing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many yards was Carson Palmer's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Carson Palmer's shortest touchdown pass?
How many 3-yard touchdown passes did Carson Palmer throw?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Carson Palmer throw?
Who caught the last td pass thrown?
Which tight end caught the only touchdown by tight end in the game?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards did Nate Kaeding make?
How many touchdown passes did Jerome Simpson catch?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards did the longest touchdown pass go for?
What was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals did both kickers have?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
In which quarter did both teams score a field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points did the Broncos score in the fourth quarter?
How many wins did the Broncos have coming into the game?
Which team was at home?
Who had the longest rushing touchdown
What are the top two longest field goals made?
How many total field goal yards did Phil Dawson kick?
Which field goals did Phil Dawson make?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
Which player kicked the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goales between 25 and 45 yards were made?
How many field goals longer than 20 yards did Phil Dawson kick?
Which player kicked the second most longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Phil Dawson's longest field goal compared to Matt Prater's shortest?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
Which player kicked the second longest field goal?
How many more field goals were kicked in the first half than in the second half?
How many yards was the difference between the longest and shortest field goals made?
How many yards were all the Broncos' touchdown plays combined?
Which team played the Bengals in week 1?
Which team failed to score in the last quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick all game?
How many more yards was the longest field goal compared with the shortest?
Which kicker had more total yards?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 40 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns from 2 yards?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown run compared with the shortest?
Which player kicked the longer field goal in the first two quarters?
Which player had the longest touchdown score of the game?
How many more yards was the longest touchdown compared to the shortest?
How many touchdowns of the same length were scored?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards were completed?
From what distance did somebody make two field goal attempts?
How many scoring drives did the teams combine for in the first half?
How many first half rushing touchdowns were scored?
Who kicked two 41 yard field goals?
How many times in a row did the CHargers beat the Raiders?
How many total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make than Nate Kaeding?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Sebastian Janikowski's longest field goal than Nate Kaeding's longest field goal?
How many 41-yard field goals did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many total running touchdown yards were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest running touchdown than the shortest?
How many more running touchdown yards were in the game than passing touchdown yards?
What are the top three longest field goals made?
What are the longest and shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top three field goals made?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Nate Kaeding?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make over Nate Kaeding?
Which field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many field goals over 40 yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player was the first to score?
Which players scored field goals?
Which player had the longest field goal of the game?
Which players scored touchdowns?
What are the top three longest field goals?
How many yards combined are the top three longest field goals?
How many yards difference is there between the longest and shortest field goal?
Which player scored more field goals, Sebastian Janikowski or Nate Kaeding?
How many more field goals did Sebastian Janikowski make over Nate Kaeding?
How many total field goal yards did Sebastian Janikowski make?
How many yards shorter was Sebastian Janikowski's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player made at least three field goals?
How many field goals between 20 and 50 yards were made?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
Which players scored field goals longer than 20 yards?
How many field goals shorter than 50 yards did Sebastian Janikowski kick?
How many times did Tennessee score in the first half?
How many total touchdowns were thrown by both teams combined?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the game?
How many touchdowns did Johnny Manziel throw?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many field goals did the Titans have in the first half?
How many field goals were there in total by both teams?
How many points did the Titans win by?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many points did the Broncos score in the first half?
Which player had the shortest touchdown scoring play?
Which player had the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards longer was Succop's first field goal than his second?
How many points did the Titans lead by at halftime?
Which team scored more points in the first half?
How many passes did Marcus Mariota fail to complete?
How many field goals did Succop kick in the first half?
In what quarter did the Broncos first score?
How many quarters were scoreless?
How many yards were kicked by field goal in the entire game?
How many touchdowns took place that were less than 10 yards?
How many interceptions were made in the first quarter?
Which player missed a field goal, Connor Barth or Mike Williams?
Who is the Steelers place kicker?
Which team scored 17 points?
How many scoring drives took place in the first half?
How long were the two longest first half field goals?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass over the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Ben Rothlisberger's longest touchdown pass over his second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards of differential was there between the first touchdown scored and the first field goal?
How many yards in length did the first two touchdowns combine for?
How many yards did the first two touchdowns and the first field goal combine for?
How many points of differential were there between the two teams at halftime?
How many yards long was the mean value of the first three field goals scored?
How many yards in length did the first two passing touchdowns combine for?
How many yards separated the longest touchdown pass and the shortest?
How many touchdown passes measured between 10-yards and 75-yards in length?
How many points was the differential between the final score of the winning and losing teams?
Which receiver had the shorteest touchdown reception of the game?
Which receiver had the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many yards were accumulated on touchdown passes shorter than 20-yards in length?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first quarter?
Which team scored fewer points during the first quarter?
How many field goals did Boswell kick during the first half?
How many yards was Boswell's longest field goal during the first half?
How many points were the Steelers leading by at halftime?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored?
How many yards was Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Brown's shortest touchdown catch?
How many field goals did Chris Boswell score?
How many field goals did Ryan Succop score?
Which player received the shortest pass?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
With this win, how many more games had the Steelers won than lost?
how many yards did boswell nail?
how many yards did brown connect?
how many yards did boswell end with?
Who kicked the third longest field goal?
Who kicked the shortest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 40 yards did Chris Boswell kick?
How many more field goals longer than 40 yards did Chris Boswell kick than Ryan Succop?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were scored?
Which player kicked the longest total yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Boswell's total yards of field goals than Succop's total yards of field goals?
Whick player had the highest average yards of field goals?
How many yards longer was Ryan Succop's average yards of field goals than Chris Boswell's average yards of field goals?
How many more field goals did Boswell kick than Succop?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Boswell kick?
How many field goals longer than Succop's one did Boswell kick?
Who defeated the Ottomans in 1605?
How many cities in Azerbaijan were liberated in June 1606?
How many years younger was the new Sultan?
Where were they defeated
Why was Kose Sefer Pasha, Beylerbey of Erzurum captured by Safavid forces?
How many places was he able to liberate?
which places was he able to liberate
Which happened first, he liberated Azerbaijan or he suffered defeat near the shore of Lake Urmia?
How many months did it take Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha to march from Istanbul to the front
How many months after Sinan died was Abbas I able to liberate Ganja, Baku, Shirvan and Shamakhi in Azerbaijan?
How many years younger was Ahmed I compared to Mehmed III when he passed away?
How many days did it take Ahmed I and his army to march from Istanbul to reach the front?
Which event happened first, the death of Sinan or Abbas I liberating Ganja, Baku, Shirvan and Shamakhi in Azerbaijan?
Who was sultan first, Mehmed III or Ahmed I?
How many months after Mehmed III died did the eastern army march from Istanbul?
How many months did it take for the eastern army to get from Istanbul to the front?
What happened first, the eastern army reaching the front, or the capture of Yerevan?
Where did the Safavid army go first, Yerevan or Akhaltsikhe?
Did the Safavid go to Van or Erzurum first?
How many years after Mehmed III died was Safavid defeated at Lake Urmia?
Did Cağaloğlu go to Van last, or to Diyarbakır?
Who died first, Mehmed III or Canbulatoğlu Hüseyin Pasha?
How many months did take Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha to march Istanbul until he reached the front?
Where did the Safavid army go first, Yerevan or Akhaltsikhe?
How many months did it take Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha to march from Istanbul to the front?
Where did Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha spend the winter?
Which two places did Cigalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha lead his troops after leaving Van?
Which forces lost the battle at Lake Urmia?
Where did the Steelers play the game before this?
How many field goals were made in this game?
How long was the longest field goal in this game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger’s touchdown pass compared to Alex Smith ’s touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Harrison Butker’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Steelers lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which kicker made more field goals?
How many passing touchdowns of at least 50 yards were completed?
How many yards in field goals did Harrison Butker kick in the game?
What two players made field goals in the game?
How many points in total were scored?
How many yards do the first field goal and the first rushing touchdown add up to?
How many points did both teams combine for at halftime?
How many total yards were gained on field goals measuring longer than 30 yards long in the first two quarters of play?
How many yards longer was the first field goal kicked when compared to the second?
How many yards of difference are between the first passing touchdown of the game and the second passing touchdown?
How many total yards were gained on the first two passing touchdowns?
How many less total yards were gained on field goals when compared to all passing touchdowns?
Which kicker scored the second shortest field goal?
How many total yards did Harrison Butker gain on field goals?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many completions did Kaepernick have?
How many passes did Colin Kaepernick complete?
How many touchdowns did Tramaine Brock get?
How many different players rushed for a touchdown for San Francisco?
Which player caught two interceptions?
After this game, how many games in a row had the 49ers won?
How many touchdowns did Frank Gore get?
How many touchdowns did Anthony Dixon score?
How many interceptions did the 49ers pick off?
Who lost the game between the Seahawks and the Colts?
How many passes did Colin Kaepernick not complete?
Who had a bigger army in the early 1920s, the Poles or the Soviets?
Who had a bigger army in the mid 1920s, the Poles or the Soviets?
How many more soldiers did the Red Southwestern Front have than front-line troops?
Who was the enemy of the Red Army?
How many of the Pole solders were not front-line troops?
Which army had more soldiers, the Poles or the Soviets?
Which person estimated a bigger force, Tukhachevsky  or Piłsudski?
How many field goals were kicked by Atlanta?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many second half field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
Who threw the longest touchdown?
How many yards longer was Smith's TD pass to Davis than Ryan's TD pass to Douglas?
Which field goals did Matt Bryant make?
Which players made passes?
How many years did Korea suffer hardships from the Japanese occupation?
How many years did the Japanese leaders use invasions to reinforce the justification for their annexation of korea?
How many years did Koreans suffer hardships during the Japanese occupation?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many more horses were there than elephants?
At least how many more men were in the Burmese army thanthe Mongol army?
What animals were the Burmese army on?
Which group of animals were there more of during battle, horses or elephants?
Which account said the Burmese had more elephants, the Yuan Chronicle  or Marco Polo?
How many more men did the 40,000 Burmese army have compared to the Mongal's army according to the Yuan Chronicle?
How many animals of horses and elephants did the Burmese army have according to the Yuan Chronicle?
How many of the 700 Mongol men survived according to the Yuan Chronicle?
How many more men did the Burmese army have compared to the Mongol army (low figure)?
Which animals did the Burmese army have more of, horses or elephants?
Who did the elephants scare?
What caused the Turkish and Mongol horsemen to flee?
What document said that a Burmese army invaded Gold Teeth?
How many percents of residents in the city are 18 and older?
How many more percents of residents in the city are under 18 compared to ages 18 and 24?
How many more percents of the city are female compared to male?
How many percents of the city is combined male and female?
Which age group had the most people?
Which age group had the least number of people?
Were there more males or females in the city?
How many more percent of residents were aged 25 to 44 than ages 18 to 24?
How many percent of the residents were 18 and older?
What age range made up the greatest percentage of the population?
What gender made up a highest percentage of the population of the city?
What was the percentage of the gender that made up the highest percentage of the population of the city?
What age range made up the lowest percentage of the population?
What age group was the largest?
What age group was the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentages, were in the largest age group compared to the smallest?
How many people, in terms of percentages, were in the largest age group compared to the second largest?
Were there more residents under the age of 25 or between 25 and 44?
Were there more residents 45 years and older or younger than 25?
How many people, in terms of percentages, were 25 years and older?
How many more people were in the largest two age groups combined compared to the smallest two age groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentages, were in the largest age group compared to the second largest
What age group was the second largest?
What age group was the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the biggest two age groups combined compared to the two smallest combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the largest age group compared to the smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the largest age group compared to the second smallest?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the second smallest age group compared to the smallest?
Were more residents under the age of 18 or 24 and older?
Were more residents 24 and younger or 25 and older?
Were more residents between 25 and 44 or 45 and older?
Were more residents 24 and younger or 45 and older?
Were more residents 24 and younger or 65 and older?
How many percent of people were under 45?
How many percent of people were older than 24?
Which age groups had between 20% and 25% of the population each?
Which age group had the smallest percentage of the population?
How many field goals were kicked during the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Dominique Barber score?
what opponent did The Texans have in this game?
which team initially came out behind in the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
how many yards did Feely nail?
how many yards did Sanchez complete?
How many more games did Sweden win against Denmark than lost?
How many more games did Sweden lose against Denmark than were draws?
How many years did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation last?
What continent was the Peru-Bolivian Confederation located on?
How many years did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation last?
How many sections was the conferation divided into?
How many heads of state did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation have?
How many years passed between the defeat of Argentina and the Battle of Yngay?
How many years did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation last for?
How many years after Argentinas defeat did the Unitedd Restoration Army win the Battle of Yungay?
How many years did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation last for?
How many years did the Peru-Bolivian Confederation exist?
Where was Peru-Bolivian Confederation locate?
How many places was it divided into?
What's location was in Tacna?
How many countries particularly opposed the Peru-Bolivian Confederation?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdowns?
How many total rushing touchdowns were there in the game?
Who made the last field goal?
Which team scored the least for the game?
Who scored the last touchdown?
Which QB threw the first TD pass?
How many yards was the games first TD pass?
Which defensive player scored a TD for Jacksonville?
Who scored the final TD of the first half?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many combined yards did Addai rush for on his two touchdowns?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
Which player had the first touchdown run?
How many more touchdowns did Addai have than Harrison?
How many yards difference was Josh Scobee’s first field goal compared to his last field goal?
How long were each of Joseph Addai's touchdown runs?
How many field goals between 20 and 30 yards were made?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many second half touchdowns did Joseph Addai score?
How many yards shorter was Joseph Addai's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many years passed between the formation of the 100th Shipborne Fighter regiment and its refusal to take the oath of loyalty to Ukraine?
How many years passed between the 100th Shipborne's refusal to take the oath of loyalty to Ukraine, and the disbandment of the unit?
Which was formed first, the 279th or 100th Shipborner fighting regiments?
How many years after the establishment of the 279th Independent Shipborne Assault Aviation Regiment did it become the Maritime Assault Aviation Regiment?
How many years passed between the 279th Independent Shipborn Assault Aviation Regiment being established and becoming a Maritime Assault Aviation Regiment?
How many years passed between when the 100th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment was formed and when it was disbanded?
How many years was the 279th regiment known as the Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment?
How many years did the 100th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment and the 279th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment both exist independently?
How many years was the 100th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment part of the Northern Fleet?
How many years after forming did the 279th Independent Shipborne Assault Aviation Regiment become a Maritime Assault Aviation Regiment?
How many years after the 279th Independent Shipborne Assault Aviation Regiment was established did it become a Maritime Assault Aviation Regiment?
How many years did it take for the Maritime Assault Aviation Regiment to be renamed the 279th Shipborne Fighter Aviation Regiment?
How many is the difference between the Bulgarian 2nd Army and the two Serb divisions?
How many is the difference between the men who were killed and the number who survived captivity?
Who suffered more casualties at Adrianople?
How many more men did the Ottoman Empire lose over the Bulgarians, during the Adrianople campaign?
How many total Bulgarian and Serb casualties were there?
Who had more casualties, the Bulgarians or the Serbs?
How many more casualties did the Bulgarians suffer than the Serbs?
Approximately when did the bombardment of Adrianople start?
In total how many men were under General Nikola Ivanov's command?
How many casulties did General Ivanov's army suffer in total?
How many more men were unaccounted for than were lost?
How many more men were in the Bulgarian 2nd Army than were in the two Serb divisions that conquered the city?
How many more men survived captivity than were unaccounted for?
Which had less troops, the Bulgarian 2nd Army or the two Serb divisions?
Which lost more casualties, Bulgarians or Serbs?
How many more casualties did the Bulgarians experience than the Serbs?
What month did the bombardment of Adrianople begin?
How many men were under Ivanov's command in the final assault on Adrianople?
Did more men die in the final assault that were Serbs or that were Bulgarians?
How many men does the Turkish General Staff History say survived captivity in addition to the men that were ultimately unaccounted for?
When the Bulgarian 2nd Army and the Serb divisions captured the city, how many more men of the Bulgarian army were there then men in the two Serb divisions?
In what month did the bombardment of Adrianople begin?
How many casualties were suffered between the Bulgarians, the Serbs and the Ottomans?
What happened first: Sumner conducted a campaign or treaty at Laguna Negra was signed?
What happened second: Sumner conducted a campaign or treaty at Laguna Negra was signed?
How many people signed the treaty at Laguna Negra?
How many cattle and horses did the soldiers shoot that belonged to Manuelito?
How many more cattle than horses did the soldiers shoot that belonged to Manuelito?
How many animals total were shot?
How many years did the famine last for?
How many people signed the 1855 treaty?
Which group had less members signing the 1855 treaty, the Navajo or the US?
How many years did the campaign against the Navajo last?
How many years after Col. Summer conducted a campaign against the Navajo was a peace treaty signed?
What year did a severe drought hit the Navajo?
How many Navajo animals were killed by soldiers?
How many years after Col Sumner began the campaign against the Navajo was the treaty was signed at Laguna Negra?
Who signed the treaty at Laguna Negra for the Navajo?
How many men signed the treaty at Laguna Negra?
How many more cattle than horses did Manuelito lose to the soldiers?
How many years after Col Edwin Sumner conducted a campaign against the Navajo was the treaty signed at Laguna Negra?
How many of Manuelito's animals were shot?
Which Panther had two receiving touchdowns?
Which team lost the game?
What was the longest touchdown play of the game?
Which team scored the most points in the 2nd quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Elam make in the game?
Which team won the game, Atlanta or Carolina?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was Jonathon Stewarts shortest touchdown run?
How many 1-yard touchdowns were scored?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did Panthers trail by halftime?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Giants win by?
How many points were the Giants ahead at halftime?
What extended the Bills' lead 17-7?
How many TD's did George score?
Which team scored the first points?
How many interceptions did Tony Romo throw?
Which player had the longest touchdown score of the game?
Which player caught the first interception of the game?
Which player caught the second interception of the game?
How did the first two possessions for the Cowboys end?
How many years did the 1975 Astros record of 64-97 last as the worst in franchise history?
Who was the manager of the Astros in 1977?
What years did the Astros finish in third place?
How many games did the Houston Astros play in 1975?
How many more loses did the Astros have compared to wins in the 1975 season?
How many wins did the Astros have in the last 34 games of the season in 1975?
How many different managers did the Houston Astros have in 1975?
How many more wins did the Astros have in 1976 compared to 1975?
How many games did the Astros play in 1976?
How many points better was Bob Watson's batting average compared to José Cruz's batting average in 1976?
In which year did the Astros have a better record, 1975 or 1977?
How many more wins did the Astros have in 1977 compared to 1976?
How many more games did the Astros lose than they won in the 1975 season?
How many years did their 1975 losing record last before it was broken again?
How many teams placed better than the 1976 Astros?
How many teams placed better than the Astros in the 1977 season?
Which year did the Houston Astros win more games, 1975 or 1977?
How many more games did the Houston Astros win in 1977 than in 1975?
Whigh player had a higher average, Bob Watson or José Cruz?
how many touchdown passes did Austin Collie catch?
How many touchdown passes did Mike Sims-Walker catch?
How many points did Josh Scobee get the Jets on the board with?
Which team returned a punt for a touchdown?
How many yards longer was Austin Collie's second touchdown compared to his first?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Who kicked a field goal earlier, Josh Scobee or Adam Vinatieri?
Who scored a touchdown earlier, Austin Collie or Ronald Brown?
How many different players caught TD passes?
Who was the only player to score field goals from over 25 yards?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals longer than 30 yards did Adam Vinatieri kick?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Peyton Manning or David Garrard?
How many of Manning's TD passes were from under 10 yards?
How many TD passes did Sims-Walker receive?
Who threw the longest field goal, Scobee or Vinatieri?
Who threw the first field goal, Scobee or Vinatieri?
Who had the most number of field goal yards?
Who had the least number of TD pass yards?
Which team scored more points?
How many points won the game for Tampa Bay?
Which team had the six game winning streak, Tampa Bay or Carolina?
How many turnovers did Derek Anderson commit?
How many points did Tampa Bay win by?
Which team won the game between Carolina and Tampa Bay?
How many turnovers did Derek Anderson have?
How many times did Anderson turn over the ball?
Which team won by a field goal?
How many times did Aguayo attempt field goals?
Which team allowed the most in the game?
What two Patriots caught touchdown passes?
How long was both of Patriots rushing touchdowns?
Who moved the ball to the Rams 44 yard line?
Who moved the ball to midfield after getting the ball to the 44 yard line?
How many yards did Sam Bradford throw in his first touchdown?
How many yards did the Patriots get after 8 plays?
How many yards was the first touchdown by the Patriots?
Who received the third touchdown pass in the game?
How many yards was the fourth touchdown run?
How many yards did the Patriots make in 9 plays?
Who intercepted at the 1 yard line?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points were the Patriots winning by at halftime?
Were the more points scored in the first half or second half?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who lost this game?
Which team got on the board first?
How many points did The Patriots get on the board with?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Brady throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Tom Brady or Ben Roethlisberger?
How many touchdown passes longer than 4 yards did Tom Brady throw?
How many yards longer was Tom Brady's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player scored the longest field goal?
How many field goals did Reed kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Reed kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Reed kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Gostkowski kick in the second half?
how many yards did reed get?
how many yards did brady complete?
how many yards did moss pass?
how many yards did roethlisberger complete?
how many yards did reed kick?
how many yards did gostkowski get?
how many yards did brady throw?
how many yards did brady complete in the fourth?
Which team scored in the first quarter?
Who was 2-6
Who scored third quarter
Who scored first
What was the winning play
How many field goals did Nick Folk kick in the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many 1-yard quarterback sneaks were in the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Were there more scores in the second quarter or the third?
How many more scores were made in the second quarter than were made in the third?
How many total scores were made in the first half of the game?
Which quarters only had one score?
How many yards more was the longest TD catch of the game than the shortest?
Which players scored by another method than a field goal kick?
Which team scored the most points in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most first half points?
Which team lost the overtime toss?
Which players scored one yard touchdowns?
How many touchdowns between 1 and 10 yards were there?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared to the shortest touchdown pass?
How many games in total did the lions win?
How many games in total did the lions lose?
What won the game for the jets?
How many TDs were there in total?
How many offensive touchdowns did Seattle score?
Who was Seattle's top receiver?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many total field goals were made in the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest TD?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 2nd half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many more wins than losses did the Seahawks have after this game?
How many field goals between 40 and 50 yards were made?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many years after closing above 5,000 did the DJIA close above 8,000?
How many months after closing at 8,000 did the Dow close at 9,000?
How many months did it take the Dow to close above 10,000 after it hit a close of 9,000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 5000 to 6000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 7000 to 8000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 8000 to 9000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 9000 to 10000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 10000 to 11000?
How many months did it take for the Dow to go from 5000 to 11000?
Who scored the Seahawks first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Torry Holt have?
What was Hasselbeck's longest touchdown pass?
How many passes did Torry Holt receive?
How many touchdowns did Torry Holt have?
How many passes did Branch receive?
How many touchdowns did Branch score?
How many passes did Darrell Jackson receive?
What was the largest field goal?
How many games have the Rams won this season?
What was the largest yard touchdown?
How many field goals over 50 yards were there?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
Which player scored more than one touchdown?
How many touchdown yards did Holt have?
How many passing touchdown yards did Hasselbeck have?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many touchdowns between 5 and 10 yards were scored?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass compared with the shortest touchdown pass?
How many losses did the Rams have after the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the second half?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Andrew Luck throw before halftime?
Who had two touchdown receptions for the Colts?
How many yards was the final field goal kicked by Parkey?
How long of a scoring drive did both teams have?
Which quarterback threw more interceptions?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Whose kick in the second quarter was longer, Vinatieri or Parkey?
How many points were the Colts leading by at halftime?
How many points had each team scored by the end of the third quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
After Louis VI, Elector Palatine, and Williant the Silent died, what set into motion the third phase of the war?
How many years did it take for the remaining Protestant strongholds to fall to Parma after Gebhard was pushed from the Electorate?
Who died earlier, Louis VI or William the Silent?
Which happened later, the death of Louis VI or Gebhard taking refuge in Strassburg?
Who died first, William the Silent or Louis VI?
Did Farnese support the Catholic side or Gebhard's side?
How many years after William the Silent did the Spanish forces push Gebhard from the Electorate?
How many years after Gebhard was pushed from the Electorate did it fall to Parma's forces?
How many years after the death of William the Silent did the remaining Protestant strongholds of the Electorate fall to Parma's forces?
The conflict began as what?
How many years after the death of William the Silent did the conflict end?
When did the conflict end?
How many years passed between Louis VI, Elector Palatine and William the Silent death?
Who died first, Louis VI, Elector Palatine or William the Silent?
How many years after William the Silent died did Spanish forces push Gebhard from the Electorate?
How many years after Louis VI died did William the Silent die?
Which death came first that shifted gears again, Louis VI or William the Silent?
Who was the localized feud between at the start of the war?
How many years was the death of William the Silent after the death of Louis VI, Elector Palatine?
How many years after Spanish forces pushed Gebhard from the Electorate did the Electorate fall from Parma's forces?
How many interceptions did Tony Romo throw?
How many passes did Keyshawn Johnson catch?
How many times did the Panthers score in the first quarter?
How many 1 yard TDs were there?
How many games had the Panthers won in total at home?
who was quarterback for the panthers?
who was tight end for the panthers
who was the quarterback for 49ers?
who is the wide receiver for 49ers?
who is carolina's runningback?
who was tight end for 49ers?
How many wins did the Panthers have after beating the 49ers?
How many losses did the Panthers have after beating the 49ers?
How many passing touchdowns were thrown?
How many touchdown plays were made from under 10 yards out?
How many touchdowns were scored during the first half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored from 1 yard?
Which quarter did both teams score?
How many 1-yd touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards was the second longest touchdown?
How many more losses than wins did the Panthers have after this game?
How many total yards in touchdown passes did Dilfer have in the game?
Which players scored on one yard touchdown passes?
In which quarters did only the Panther's score?
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards, Testaverde or Dilfer?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half compared to the first?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes did Vinny Testaverde make?
How many yards longer was Vinny Testaverde's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many total combined yards of touchdown passes did Trent Dilfer make?
How many yards longer was Trent Dilfer's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many field goals did Jason Elam kick in the first half?
How many TD passes did Jay Cutler throw in the third quarter?
how many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
What even happened first, Iroquois killing Jarrets' son, or Jarret marrying Marie Perrot?
How many years passed from when they arrived until Jarret married the twelve-year-old Marie Perrot?
Which happened first, Marie-Madeleine, born in Verchères or the matron of Verchères took command?
How many years old was François Jarret's wife?
How many years after they arrived did François Jarret, marry his wife?
How many years after marrying his wife was he awarded a land grant on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River?
How many out of their 12 children was baptised in April?
How many people close to the Jarrets were killed?
How many months passed between the arrival of François Jarret and the marriage of François Jarret?
How many years were there between the arrival of François Jarret and the award of a land grant to him?
How many years after the marriage of François Jarret was his daughter Marie-Madeleine born?
How many years passed between the arrival of François Jarret and the death of his son at the hands of the Iroquis?
How many days after Marie-Madeleine was born was she baptized?
How many of the Bucs losses in their losing streak was from opponents not in their division?
Which injured player started a fight?
How many losses did the Buc's have this season after losing to Jameis Winston's team?
How many people were ejected from the game in the 3rd quarter?
How many losses did the Bucs have by the end of this game?
How did the fight begin?
who fought?
who was pushed
Which VMU was activated on the 12 of September, VMU-3 or VMU-4?
How many VMU's were sent to Aghanistan?
Which VMU was sent out into combat first, VMU-1, VMU-2 or VMU-3?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter?
Who scored the game winning points?
Which team had the ball last?
how many small raids occurred between the two kingdoms until 1760?
how many years small raids were traded?
How many years passed between small raids?
How many years passed between the last major war and the next small raid?
How many years did these events span from?
How many years after the last small raid was there peace?
How many years were there in between the first small raid and the start of the second small raid?
How many small raids did they have?
How many years did both raids last?
How many years in the 1600's did they trade small raids?
How many periods of time did they trade small raids?
How many years did both of each periods of small raids last?
How many years spanned these events?
What month did nineteen men hijacked four airliners all bound for California?
What day did nineteen men hijacked four airliners all bound for California?
How many days after NATO invoked Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for the first time ever did President Bush sign the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terroists?
How many of the hijackers were not citizens of Saudi Arabia?
How many days after nineteen men hijacked four airliners intentionally crashed two airliners into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City did NATO invoke Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for the first time?
Which happened first, the plane crash at the Pentagon or in Pennsylvania?
How many people total, including hijackers perished?
How many hijackers were not citizens of Saudi Arabia?
How many days after the attack did Bush sign the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists?
How many victims and hijackers altogether died?
How many hijackers from Saudi Arabia comparaed to the United Arab Emirates , Egypt, and Lebanon died altogether?
How many survivors were there?
How many people caused the death of 2977 victims?
How many planes crashed into Shanksville, Pennsylvania?
How many planes crashed into the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia
How many planes crashed?
How many people perished counting the hijackers?
Where did the plane crash that the flight crew attempted to retake control of the plane?
How many hours did it take for both buildings to fall?
Which happened first, the collapse of the Twin Towers or the plane hitting the Pentagon?
How many more victims were there than hijackers?
How many different countries were the hijackers from?
Which countries were the hijackers from?
Which happened first, the plane crashing at Shanksville or the Twin Towers collapsing?
Which player scored the first points?
how many yards did northcutt pass?
how many yards did crosby connect?
how many yards did rodgers pass?
how many yards crosby convert?
how many yards did drew score?
how many yards did drew get in the second?
Who ran the most yards in the game?
Of the 299 yards ran in the game how many were not due to Jonathan Stewart?
How many wins did the Panthers come into this game with?
How many games out of 21 did the Chiefs lose?
How many yards did Thigpen throw?
How many more turnovers than interceptions did Thigpen have?
Which team scored more points, Chiefs or Bills?
How many years was it between when Frederick II was crowned and when Denmark closed Oresund?
How many years was it between when Frederick II was crowned and when Juel led the Danish navy to a victory in the Battle of Koge Bay?
How many years was it between when Frederick II was crowned and when General admiral lieutenant Ulrik Christian Gyldenlove was appointed supreme commander of the navy?
How many years was it between when Frederick II was crowned and when Peter Jansen Wessel joined the navy?
Denmark closing oresund resulted in?
Which happened first, the Scanian War or Second Nordic War?
Who was the son of King Frederick II?
How many war are mentioned?
Which wars are mentioned?
How many kings are mentioned?
Which Kings are mentioned?
Who was King last, King Christian IV  or King Frederick II?
Who was King first, King Christian IV  or King Frederick II?
What happened last, Frederick was crowned King  or the Battle of Køge Bay?
How many years after King Frederick II was crowned did Denmark close the Oresund?
Who joined the navy first Petter Jansen Wessel or Ulrik Christian Gyldenlove?
What war started first: second Nordic War or Scanian War?
Who was king first: Frederick II or Christian IV?
Who was king last: Frederick II or Christian IV?
How many points did the Bucs get to on the board?
How many points were the Steelers leading at halftime?
How many points did the Bucs win by?
Which team scored the first touchdown?
Which player tied the game?
Who won the game?
How many points were scored in total in the first quarter?
Which team scored the first touchdown in the 3rd quarter?
How many rushing touchdowns did Doug Martin have in the game?
How many points did the Buccaneers win by?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
Which player scored the first points of the game for the Steelers?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who kicked less field goals, Patrick Murray or Shaun Suisham?
How many points were the Steelers winning by at halftime?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Bucaneers win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Patrick Murray make?
How many yards longer was Patrick Murray's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many more field goal yards did Patrick Murray make than Shaun Suisham?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Mike Glennon make in the game?
Which group of people made up most of the population?
Which group of people made up more than 13% of the population but less than 15%?
Which group had the largest population, English or French people?
Which language had less speakers, English or Spanish?
Were there more people of Irish or German ancestry in the county?
Were there more people of Italian or German ancestry in the county?
Were there more people of Italian or French ancestry in the county?
Were there more people of United States or Puerto Rican ancestry in the county?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, did not speak English as their first language?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, did not speak Spanish as their first language?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population, did not speak English or Spanish as their first language?
Of the ancestries listed, which one made up the largest percentage of the population?
Of the ancestries listed, which one made up the smallest percentage of the population?
Of the ancestries listed, which one made up the second largest percentage of the population?
Where there more Irish people residing in the county or French people?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 11%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Irish or Italian?
Which ancestral group is larger: English or Italian?
Which ancestral group is smaller: English or Italian?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not  Irish?
How many percent were not  Italian?
How many percent were not German?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent were not French?
How many percent were not united states?
How many percent of people were not  Puerto Rican?
How many percent did not speak English?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
How many people are there per 2 square miles?
How many people are there per 5 square miles?
Which ancestral groups are at least 10%?
Which ancestral groups are smaller than 8%?
How many in percent from the census weren't Irish?
How many in percent from the census weren't Italian?
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
Which ancestral group is larger: Italian or Germans?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Italian or Germans?
Which ancestral group is larger: Italian or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Italian or English?
Which ancestral group is larger: French or English?
Which ancestral group is smaller: Germans or English?
How many points did the redskins lose by?
how many points did the vickings win by?
How many games has the Redskins won in total?
How many points did the vikings win by?
How many total points were scored by then end of the game?
How many points did the Vikings win by?
Which game of the season was this game?
How many points did the vikings need to tie the game?
How many losses did the Vikings have to start the game?
Which score rank for Ireland is higher, reading or mathematics?
Is Ireland ranked higher in reading or science?
Is Ireland ranked lower in science or mathematics?
How many, in percentage of Ireland's population does not have a degree?
How many percentage points out of 100 (what percent) of Ireland's population does NOT have a university or college degree?
According to The Programme for International Student Assessment, does Ireland rank higher in mathematics score or science score in its 2012 assessment?
Does Ireland rank higher for top 500 universities per capita or for The Programme for International Student Assessment's reading score?
What subject does Ireland have a higher ranking in, reading or science?
How many places difference is their between Ireland's ranking in their science score compared to their mathematics score?
Does Ireland have a higher ranking in their reading score or their mathematics score?
How many places difference is there between Ireland's ranking in their reading score compared to their mathematics score?
How many Irish people, in terms of percentage of the population, do not have a university or college degree?
How many OECD countries have a higher reading score than Ireland?
How many ranks higher does Ireland rate among other OECD countries in mathematics compared to science?
How many percent of Ireland's population does not have a university or college degree?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Redskins score in the third quarter?
What was the shortest touchdown pass in the game?
How many passing touchdowns over 10 yards were scored in the game?
How many yards difference were there between the longest touchdown scored and the shortest?
How many yards shorter was the kick Phil Dawson made compared the one he missed?
How many touchdowns were scored from less than 15 yards?
How long were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass over the shortest touchdown pass?
Which quarter that had scoring plays had the fewest scoring plays?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the fourth quarter compared to the third?
Who scored on touchdowns of less than 5 yards?
How many yards more was Dawson's failed field goal attempt compared to the one that he made?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
How many yards more was the longest touchdown play compared with the second longest?
How many interceptions did Ben Roethlisberger throw?
How many points did Tampa Bay score?
How many interceptions did Gradkowski throw?
How many points did the Buccaneers score?
How many points did Tampa Bay score?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many field goals were made by the Bucs?
How many field goals were there from over 45 yards?
How many interceptions were there in the first half of the game?
How many interceptions were thrown in the first quarter?
Who caught the first interception?
Who caught Bruce Gradkowski's second interception?
How many yards was the last field goal of the game?
How many turnovers were there during the first half?
Which team did not score during the first half?
Are there more males or females in town?
Are there more Asians or Native Americans?
How many more households than families lived in the town?
How many more housing units were there than households?
What was the predominant race in the town?
Were there more African Americans or Natice Americans in the town?
Were there more households with children under the age of 18, or more households that were non-families?
Which was larger, the average household size, or the average family size?
How many households had men but no wives
How many households had women with no husbands
Were there more whites or Asians
How many more whites were there than African Americans by percent?
Were there more males or females living in town?
How many more households had females with no husband present compared to a male with no wife present, by percent?
How many more Native American residents did the town have compared to Asian residents percentage wise?
Which two racial groups were the smallest?
Which racial group was the largest?
How many racial groups made up less than 1% of the population individually?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the largest racial group compared to the second largest racial group?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two largest racial groups combined compared to the two smallest racial groups combined?
How many more people, in terms of percentage, were in the two largest racial groups combined compared to the three smallest racial groups combined?
Which age group made up the largest percentage of the population?
Which age group made up the second largest percentage of the population?
Which age group made up the smallest percentage of the population?
Were more people in the town younger than 25 or 45 and older?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many yards was the penalty Jennings received for defensive holding?
How many points separated the Packers and the Colts at the end of the second quarter?
How many points separated the Colts and the Packers at the half?
How many points difference was there between the Packers and the Colts after Dominic Rhodes rushed for the touchdown?
Who lost three times in a row
By how many points did they win
What was the shortest run
Who was penalized
How many total yards of field goals did Crosby make?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the second half?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby kick in total?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby miss in the second half?
How many field goals did Vinatieri miss in the second half?
Who missed the longest field goal?
Who missed the second longest field goal?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
Who made the second longest field goal?
How many passes were completed that were over 10 yards?
How many passes were completed under 10 yards?
How many different players attempted or succeeded at a field goal?
How many field goals did Mason Crosby attempt?
Who was the only player to fumble?
How many points ahead were the Packers at 14 minutes left in the 2nd quarter?
How many points did the Niners lead by at first?
How many interceptions did Colin Kaepernick have?
How many points did the Niners lead with at the front of the game?
How many points did the Bears have at halftime?
How many points did the 49ers score on their first possession of the second half?
How many points did the Bears score in the second half?
How many points did the 49ers score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Bears win by?
How many total points were scored?
Which team scored more touchdowns in teh first half?
Which team scored the first field goal?
How many turnovers did Kaepernick make?
How many more yards did the Niners have compared to Chicago?
How many years did the war over Aagean, Crete last?
How did Venice recover Aegean and Dalmatia?
What properties did Venice lose in the wars?
How many years did the Venetians and the Ottomas fight over Crete?
Who did the Ottomans fight first, the Venetians or the Austrians?
How many different groups did Venice go to for financing and military aid?
What happened first: Morosini took Kalamata or the Battle of Vienna?
What happened second: Morosini took Kalamata or the Battle of Vienna?
What happened first: a Holy League was formed or Venetians enrolled Italian and German mercenaries?
What happened second: a Holy League was formed or Venetians enrolled Italian and German mercenaries?
who held the several islands in the Aegean?
In which year the most Serene Republic declared war?
In which place the serene republic war declared?
How many of the 16 commercial banks were not taken into receivership?
Which year did Mongolia have a lower growth rate, 2007 or 2008?
How many banks were not taken into receivership?
How many percentage points lower was 2011's GDP than expected?
Was the growth rate in Mongolia higher in 2007 or 2008?
How many of the commercial banks were not taken into receivership?
How many percents more were Mongolia growth rates in 2007 compared to 2008?
how many of the 16 banks were not taken into receivership in 2011?
How many percents lower were GDP growth at the end of 2011 compared to the expected percentage?
How many percentage points higher was the growth rate for Mongolia in 2007 than in 2009?
How many of the 16 commercial banks in Mongolia were not taken into receivership?
How many percentage points is the difference between the GDP growth experienced in 2007 and the expected growth in 2011?
In which year did Mongolia have a lower grown rate, 2007 or 2008?
In 2009 how many banks were not taken into receivership?
How many percent higher was the growth rate in 2008 than in 2009?
How many of the commercial banks were not taken into receivership?
How many percent higher was the GDP in 2011 than the inflation rate?
How many touchdowns were ran or thrown in for under 5 yards?
How many more running touchdowns were there compared to passing?
What player had the longest touchdown run?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many touchdown passes were thrown in the game?
How many more touchdown runs were there compared to touchdown passes?
How many yards were ran for both touchdown passes combined?
How many yards were gained on all of the touchdown plays combined ?
Who had the Ravens beaten in the previous week?
How many total points were scored in the third quarter?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score?
Which team did the Broncos lose to in week 8?
Which player scored last of the game?
How many points were scored in the third quarter by both teams total?
Which team allowed the most points at the final?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 5 yards?
How many years are there between Mone's forces were defeated and when king of Lan Na surrendered?
How many years after King of Lan Na surrendered did he attack Chiang Mai?
How many years was it from Bayinnaung's strong forces defeated Mone's until Chiang Mai was attacked?
How many years did it take for Bayinnaung to reach Ching Mai?
What city did Bayinnaung conquer first?
How many months after Bayinnaung's forces defeat Mone did the king of Lan Na surrender?
Who was Lan Na hiding from Mone?
How many years after Lan Na surrendered to the Bayinnaung did the ruler of Lan Xang Setthathirath attack Chiang Mai?
How many regions did Mone control?
Which was not defeated on November 1557, Bayinnaung or Mone's forces?
How many regions did Mone's Bayinnaung take control of?
Which was pushed back in early 1559 in battle, Lan Xang Setthathirath or Chiang Mai?
How many regions were taken by Bayinnaung ?
How many areas were controlled by Mone?
Which region was repulsed in early 1559,  Lan Xang Setthathirath or Chiang Mai?
How many points did Pittsburgh lead by at the half?
Who scored the only TD for Buffalo?
How many points did Buffalo lose by?
How many yards was Suisham's longest field goal?
How many rushing touchdowns did the Steelers have?
How many points was the Steelers' margin of victory?
How many points were scored in total in the first half?
How many times did the Steelers score in the first half?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
Who scored first for the Steelers?
How many wins did the Steelers have before this game?
Who lost this game?
What all field goals did Shaun Suisham make?
How many total yards did Shaun Suisham kick for field goals?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Shaun Suisham or Dan Carpenter?
How many more field goals did Shaun Suisham make over Dan Carpenter?
Which field goals did  Shaun Suisham make?
How many total field goal yards did  Shaun Suisham make?
Which player had the second longest touchdown pass?
How many total points were scored by the end of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many yards longer was Shaun Suisham second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 15 yards?
how many yards did andersen get?
how many yards did manning complete?
Which team beat the Falcons the week before?
Which quarter saw the most most points scored?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
Which team had the longest TD?
Which player had the longest TD?
Which team allowed the most points in the game?
Which team allowed the least points all game?
How many running touchdowns were scored during the first quarter?
How many running touchdown yards were there during the game?
How many yards longer was Andersen's field goal compared to Tynes' field goal?
How many yards was Manning's shortest touchdown pass?
Who had the longest touchdown run?
How many yards was the last touchdown?
How many players scored rushing touchdowns touchdowns?
Which event occured first,  the Chinese Revolution or the abdication of the Last Emperor Puyi?
What were the other names for the Chinese Revolution?
What was China called after the end of imperial rule?
How many years did the Xinhai revolution last?
How many things is the Chinese Revolution known as?
Who caused an uprising?
Why was there an uprising?
How many months after the uprising did the revolution end?
How many years old was the last Emperor?
How many passes did Derrick Mason receive?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
From which yard line did both teams kick a field goal?
How many second quarter touchdowns did Flacco throw?
How many field goals over 20 yards did Matt Stover kick in the first half?
How many field goals less than 25 yards were kicked during the first half?
Which players both had 21 yard field goals?
How many more touchdowns were scored in the second half, compared to the first half?
How many yards was the Raven's touchdown pass that was not thrown by their quarterback, Flacco?
How many yards did Flacco throw for on his touchdown passes?
In which quarters did only one team score?
Which kicker kicked less field goals in the first half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored last in the first half?
How many total yards did Joe Flacco throw for touchdowns?
Who had touchdown plays as a passer and a receiver?
Who threw the second longest touchdown pass?
Which team won the Eagles in week 12?
Which player got Baltimore on the board?
How many points did the Ravens win the Superbowl by?
How many points lead did the 49ers have over the Ravens in the second quarter?
Which team team was 1-4 at the start of this game?
How many touchdowns did the 49ers have in the second half?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many points in total was scored in the game?
How many points did the Ravens win in the Super Bowl XLVII?
How many total points were scored in Super Bowl XLVII?
Which defensive player was able to score the first points?
Which player caught the first touchdown reception?
Who scored the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many straight losses did the Jets have before this game?
How many points did the Jets score in the first half?
How many points did the Patriots have at halftime?
How many points did the Jets score in the second half?
How many points did the Jets score all game?
Which wide receiver received the longest pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns did Laurence Maroney score in the second half?
How many yards difference was Mark Sanchez’s touchdown pass compared to Tom Brady’s touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards difference was Laurence Maroney’s touchdown run compared to his second?
How many touchdowns did the Patriots score in the first quarter?
Which QB had the longest TD pass?
Which player scored a touchdown in both halves?
How many yards longer was Mark Sanchez's touchdown pass than Tom Brady's touchdown pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
How many games have the Buccaneers lost this season?
how many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the last touchdown pass of the game, Delhomme or Gradkowski?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
Who scored the only touchdown run of the game?
Who threw the first TD pass?
How many first half touchdowns were scored?
How many yards was the longest passing TD?
How many TD passes of at least 30 yards did Jake Delhomme complete?
What was the longest TD pass of the first half?
How many touchdowns did the Panthers score in the third quarter?
How many field goals did John Kasay kick in the third quarter?
What was the longest TD pass of the game?
How many 28-yard field goals were kicked?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes were for less than 10 yards?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of 28 yards?
How many losses did the Buccaneers have after the game?
What team had over 100 passing yards in the game?
How many interceptions did Weeden throw?
What happened first Zhao Erfeng was sent to Tibet or Zhao became imperial resident in Lhasa?
How many years passed between Zhao being sent to Tibet and being appointed imperial resident in Lhasa?
How many years passed between Zhao being beheaded and the Dalai Lama returning to Tibet?
How many years after going to Yibet was Zhao appointed imperial resident?
How many years after being appointed imperial resident was Zhao beheaded?
What happened to Zhao first: appointed imperial resident in Lhasa or beheaded?
What happened to Zhao last: appointed imperial resident in Lhasa or beheaded?
How many years after Zhao was appointed imperial resident in Lhasa was he beheaded?
How many years after Zhao was beheaded were the last Manchu troops forced out of Tibet through India?
How many years after the Qing send Zhao Erfeng to retaliate against rebellions was he beheaded?
How many years after Zhao was beheded did the 13th Dalai Lama return to Tibet from Sikkim?
How many years after Zhao Erfeng was sent to Tibet was he appointed imperial resident in Lhasa?
How many years after Zhao was appointed imperial resident in Lhasa was he beheaded?
Where did the Manchu troops go first, Tibet or India?
Where did Thubten Gyatso live later, Sikkim, or Tibet?
How many years after Zhao was sent to Tibet was he appointed imperial resident in Lhasa?
How many years after being appointed imperial resident in Lhasa was Zhao killed?
Where was Thubten Gyatso last, Sikkim or Tibet?
Where were the Manchu troops first, Tibet or India?
How many years after Zhao was appointed imperial resident was he killed?
How many years after the Qing sent Zhao to stop the rebellions did the Dalai Lama finally return to Tibet?
How many games have the 49ers lost in a row?
How many points did the Rams get on the board with?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
Which player scored more field goals, Joe Nedney or Jeff Wilkins?
Which field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many total field goal yards did Joe Nedney make?
How many more field goals did Joe Nedney score over Jeff Wilkins?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player score more field goals over 35 yards, Joe Nedney or Jeff Wilkins?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which player scored the third longest field goal?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
how many yards combined are the top two longest field goals?
How many field goals between 20 and 60 yards were made?
Which player scored more field goals, Joe Nedney or Jeff Wilkins?
How many more field goals did Joe Nedney score over Jeff Wilkins?
Which players scored at least two field goals?
Which field goals did Joe Nedney make?
How many total field goal yards did Joe Nedney make?
How many yards longer was Joe Nedney's second field goal compared to his first?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
Which players scored field goals longer than 25 yards?
Who scored the first touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Roddy White have?
How many touchdowns did Flacco throw in the 4th quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick total?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team beat the Buccaneers in week 9?
How many points were scored in the first quarter by both teams?
Who ran in the first touchdown?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant score in the first half?
Which player scored the only points for the Ravens in the first half?
Which team had a failed two point conversion?
Which team lost this game?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the first half?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Bryant kick in the second half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the 1st half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
What team scored more points in the game, Falcons or Buccaneers?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which team lost the game between the Falcons and the Buccaneers?
How many points did Atlanta score in the first quarter?
How many touchdowns were scored in the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Flacco throw in the fourth quarter?
Which players caught touchdown passes in the third quarter?
What touchdowns did Roddy White make in the fourth quarter?
Which player caught a 5-yard touchdown pass in the third quarter?
Were fewer touchdowns scored in the first quarter or the second quarter?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Who scored the longest touchdown?
Who caught the most touchdown passes?
Which players scored touchdowns longer than 20 yards?
Which players scored touchdowns shorter than 10 yards?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many yards long were the two longest touchdowns?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal compared to his shortest?
Who scored a longer touchdown, Anquan Boldin or Todd Heap?
In what quarter were the most touchdowns scored?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who returned the shortest fumble?
Who threw the shotest touchdown pass?
How many field goals were scored in the game?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first field goal Vinatieri made and the number of yards in the TD pass Gonzalez caught?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first field goal Vinatieri made and the TD pass Curry caught?
How many is the difference in the number of yards of the first field goal Vinatieri made and the second field goal Vinatieri made?
Who got a 2-yard run?
Who managed to get a 22-yard field goal?
Who threw the only touchdown pass of the second quarter?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the winning touchdown pass?
Who is the Raiders top rusher for the year?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many field goals did Adam Vinatieri score in the third quarter?
How many total Australian soldiers were killed and wounded in the war?
After WWI who fought against the Turkish nationalists resulting in the Treaty of Lausanne?
In a span of how many years did 3 million people perish from epidemic typhus?
How many Australians who served in the war were not killed or wounded?
What countries suffered significant typhus deaths in the 1910s?
Did more Russians contract typhus or malaria?
How many more million people died in the 1918 flu pandemic compared to how many million Russians contracted malaria in 1923?
How many more £ would have been needed for Australia to cover all direct cost of the war?
How many of the Australians who served, were not killed or wonded?
How many more dollars did Australia spend on the war than they had received in war reparations?
About how many Australians that served were not killed or wounded?
Which two prime ministers communicated regarding reparation for sacrifices made by the British Empire and her Allies?
How many more pounds had the war cost Australia than they received reparations for?
What types of diseases were flourishing in the wartime conditions?
How many more Australian soldiers were wounded rather than killed?
Which epidemic killed more people between 1918 and 1922, typhus or influenza?
Of the Australians who served how many were not killed or wounded?
how many yards was vince youngs touchdown?
how many points did the patriots lead by in the first quarter?
HOW MUCH VINCE YOUNG THROWING A YARD
HOW MANY YARD BRADY THROWING A PAIR OF TOUCHDOWN PASSES
how many yard goal by the placekicker alex henery
EACH TEAM  HOW MUCH YARD EXCHANGED FIELD GOALS
Which player scored the first points of the game?
Which team scored three touchdowns in a row?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
How many more points did the Eagles have going into halftime?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which team had a better record after the game?
Which player scored the first TD of the game?
How many points did the teams combine for?
Which player caught the longest TD pass?
How many fourth quarter touchdowns did the Eagles have?
How many touchdown passes did Cassel throw?
How many more points were scored in the second quarter than the first?
How many days did it take for Parliament to accept Finland's Declaration of Independence?
How many countries recognized Finland's independence at the beginning of the Civil War?
What event happened first, the introduction of Finland's Declaration of Independence or the Civil War?
How many days passed before Finland's Declaration of Independence was adopted?
How many countries recognized Finnish independence?
How many days passed between Finland's Declaration of Independence and Lenin's concession?
How many days after Svinhufvud's Senate introduced Finland's Declaration of Independence, did Parliament adopted it?
How many countries recognized Finnish independence by the beginning of the Civil War?
How many days passed between the introduction and adoption of Finland's Declaration of Independence?
How many games have the Giants won this season?
How many times did the Cowboys score?
How many points did the Cowboys score after Terrance Williams' touchdown?
How many total points did the Giants allow during the game?
How many more wins did the Giants have compared to their losses?
How many more wins did the Cowboys have on the season after this game compared to the Giants?
How many more losses did the Giants have on their record after this game compared to the Cowboys?
Which player had the longest touchdown scoring play of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first quarter?
Who threw the first touchdown of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown reception?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Who caught a 60 yard touchdown reception?
Which team scored first?
How many field goals were made during the first half?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many touchdowns were there during the second half?
HOw many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns did the Ravens score in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the most touchdowns in the game?
Which team scored a safety?
Which player had the longest field goal of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown?
Which player scored the longest touchdown?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player threw the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the last field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many points did the Steeles score in the game?
What happened first, Roethlisberger tossed a four-yard touchdown or Tyler Boyd's fumble?
how many points did pittsburgh lead in the first?
how many yards did bernard get for the td?
how many yards did the boyd fumble?
Which team scored more points in the game, Steelers or Bengals?
Who scored the last points of the game?
How many countries disagreed with Spain over what to do with Sicily?
What treaty occured first the Treaty of Utrecht or the Treaty of Passorowitz?
How many countries wanted to cede Sicily to Emperor Charles VI?
Which happened first, Philip attacking Austria or Spain invading Sardinia?
Which country faced multiple attacks in 1717?
How many months passed between the attack on Austria and the taking of Sardinia?
What happened first, the Treaty of Utrecht or the Treaty of Passarowitz?
How many countries contemplated ceding Sicily to Emperor Charles VI to strengthen the Treaty of Utrecht?
How many years did the Austro-Turkish War last?
How many years after Philip attacked Austria did the Treaty of Passarowitz end the war with the Ottoman Empire?
How many days passed between the Treaty of Passarowitz and the Emperor joining the Triple Alliance?
Which alliance was created first, the Treaty of Passarowitz or the Quadruple Alliance?
How many countries conspired to strengthen the Treaty of Utrecht?
Of which country was Prince Eugene of Savoy in charge of?
For how many years was Austria in the Austro-Turkish War?
How many points did the Browns have at halftime?
How many yards was Jacobs touchdown?
Who threw the longest TD pass?
Who threw the shortest TD pass?
How many yards longer was Derek Anderson's first TD pass over his second one?
How many yards longer was Dawson's first field goal over his second one?
Who had the longest TD run?
How many yards longer was the longest TD run over the shortest one?
Which came first, the 4-yard TD run or the 7-yard TD run?
Who made the only TD pass under 5 yards?
Which players received TD passes from Derek Anderson?
How many yards longer was Dawson's longest vs his shortest field goal?
Who made a TD pass first, Derek Anderson or Eli Manning?
Who got a TD run last, Brandon Jacobs or Jamal Lewis?
What year was Singapore first nominated to host the Southeast Asian Games?
How many years prior to the 28th Southeast Asian Games was it announced that Singapore would be the host?
How many times has Singapore been nominated to host the Southeast Asian Games?
How many years after the 26th Southeast Asian Games were the 28th Southeast Asian Games held?
How many times did Singapore get nominated to host the Southeast Asian Games in total?
Who hosted the Southeast Asian Games last, Singapore or Indonesia?
How many cities hosted the 26th Southeast Asian Games?
How many times did Singapore turn down the chance to hose the Games?
How many years do these events span for?
What happened first: 26th Southeast Asian Games or 28th Southeast Asian Games?
What happened second: 26th Southeast Asian Games or 28th Southeast Asian Games?
How many cities did the 26th Southeast Asian Games take place in?
How many times was Singapore nominated to host the event?
how many yards did Culpepper complete?
how many yards did Hanson get?
Which player caught a pass for the first score?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which player scored the first points for the Buccaneers?
How many yards was the longest touchdown of the game?
What all field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many total yards did Jason Hanson kick for field goals?
How many yards difference was there between Clifton Smith’s touchdown and  Ronde Barber’s touchdown?
How many more total yards did Jason Hanson kick for field goals than Matt Bryant?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many more total yards of field goals did Jason Hanson make than Matt Bryant?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal that Jason Hanson's longest field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Jeff Garcia's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many field goals were made of at least 40 yards?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal of the game compared to the shortest?
How many more yards was Daunte Culpepper's passed to Calvin Johnson than Jeff Garcia's passed to Ike Hilliard?
What all field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many more yards was Jason Hanson's second field goal than his first?
How many yards longer was Ronde Barber's touchdown than Daniel Bullocks's touchdown?
How many yards longer was Clinton Smith's touchdown than Ronde Barber's touchdown?
In which quarter were no field goals scored?
Were more field goals scored in the first half or the second half?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first half or the second half?
How many more touchdowns were there in the first half compared with the second half?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns longer than 50 yards were scored?
Which players scored on touchdowns of less than 20 yards?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
Who scored more points in the first half?
Which two players tied for the longest touchdown run of the game?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
Which kicker kicked the most field goals?
Who's son was murdred by the Spanish is 1572?
How many years did these events span for?
What happened first, the recapture of Cuzco, or Tupac Amaru's murder by Spanish?
When did Manco Inca attempt the recapture of Cuzco?
Who attempted the recapture of Cuzco?
How many years passed between the siege of Cuzco and the murder of Tupak Amaru?
In what year was the siege of Cuzco ended?
How many years after Manco Inca attempted the recapture of Cuzco was his son finally murdered by the Spanish?
How many days passed from when Michaelis took over until the prisoners were released?
Which event happened first, the Nixon Doctrine or the soldier release?
How many months when the level of intensity of conflict reduced to President Nixon announced defend with U.S air and sea port?
What happened first, the level of intensity reduced substantially or General Bonesteel handed over command of USFK to General John H.?
How many months after the Nixon Doctrine did General Bonesteel hand over comman of USFK?
How many months after the level of conflict reduced substantially in May was the conflict offically over?
How many months after the Nixon Doctrine was command of the USFK given to General Michaelis?
What way did the Nixon Doctrine not expect the U.S. allies to defend themselves by?
How many days after President Nixon announced his Nixon Doctrine did General Bonesteel hand over command of USFK to General John H. Michaelis
How many months after the level of intensity of the conflict had reduced substantially did the conflict official end?
How many months after General Bonesteel handed over command of USFK to General John H. Michaelis were three U.S. soldiers that were captured when their OH-23 helicopter was shot down released?
How many months after President Nixon announced his Nixon Doctrine did the conflict officially end?
How many months after President Nixon announced his Nixon Doctrine did the conflict end?
How many months after General John H. Michaelis took over command of USFK were three U.S. soldiers released?
How many months after the level of intensity of the conflict had reduced did the conflict end?
How many wins did the Jets have before the game?
How many losses did the Jets have before the game?
What was the winning score?
What was the losing score?
Which Patriot scored their only offensive touchdown?
How many field goals were kicked in the game?
How many times did the Patriots punt in the first quarter?
In which quarter did both the Patriots and the Jets punt?
How many punt attempts did Washington block?
How many interceptions did Clemens throw in the first quarter?
How many etra points did Gostkowski score?
How many filed goals over 15 yards did Gostkowski kick?
How many TD passes sdid Clemens throw in the first quarter?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which team blocked a punt?
How many yards was the longest scoring play of the game?
What all field goals did Gostkowski make?
How many total yards of field goals did Gostkowski  make?
When Jake Elliot missed how many yards was is, and where did that leave the score?
Who threw the 63 yard touchdown pass and who caught it?
Which team had the best record going into the game?
How many points did the raiders score in the first half?
How many offensive yards did Philadelphia have?
How many times did Oakland turn the ball over?
How many yards longer was Carr's touchdown pass than Foles in the first half?
How many more interceptions did Carr throw than Foles?
How many more field goals did Jake Elliot miss than score?
Which player missed one field goal and scored one field goal?
How many years after the Franco-Siamese Convention did Trat become part of Thailand again?
Which event took place first, the Franco-Siamese Convention or the Anglo-Siamese Treaty?
For how many years was Trat ceded to French Indochina?
Which event occurred first, the Franco-Siamese Convention or the Anglo-Siamese Treaty?
How many years passed between the Franco-Siamese Convention and the Anglo-Siamese Treaty?
Which people continued to pressure Siam?
Which part of Chantaburi did France also occupy?
Which people interceded to prevent more French expansion against Siam?
How many years passed between the Siamese Convention of 1904 and the Trat becoming a part of Thailand again?
How many places did Britain take sovereignty over in the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909?
What happened first, Trat becoming part of Thailand again or the British getting sovereignty over Kedah?
How many cities were under British control after 1909?
Trat became a part of Thailand in exchange for what 2 areas besides Siam Nakhon?
How many regions was the acceptance of British sovereignty over according to the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909?
Aside from the territory on the west bank of the Mekong, the Siam had to concede French control of which other territories?
How many points total did Jay Vincent and Rolando Blackman contribute?
How many more games were won than lost by the Mavericks during the 1983-1984 NBA season?
Which player finished first in the league, Adrian Dantley or Mark Aguirre?
How many more points did Mark Aguirre average per game compared to Derek Harper?
How many more wins did the Mavericks have in the 1883-84 NBA season compared to loses
Which player contributed less points per game, Jay Vincent or Rolando Blackman?
How many more points did Jay Vincent score per game than Rolando Blackman?
Which player scored the most points per game, Mark Aguirre or Adrian Dantley?
Which player did worse, Mark Aguirre or Adrian Dantley?
How many players in the 1982-83 season had more points per game than Mark Aguirre?
How many more points per game did Jay Vincent have compared to Rolando Blackman?
How many points per game did Jay Vincent and Rolando Blackman both contribute?
Which was Brad Davis higher ranked in the NBA for, assists or his free-throw line average?
How many years did Derek Harper play for the Mavericks?
Which player averaged more points per game in the 1982-83 season, Mark Aguirre or Derek Harper?
How many more assists per game did Brad Davis average compared to Derek Harper?
How many more wins compared to loses did the Mavs finish the season with?
How many regular season games did the Mavericks play in 1982-83?
How many points did Rolando Blackman contribute per game?
How many points did Jay Vincent contribute per game?
How many players in the NBA had more points per game in 1982-83 than Mark Aguirre?
How many more games did the Mavericks win in the 1983-84 season than they lost?
How many players in the league had better records from the free-throw line int he 1982-83 season?
How many people were picked by the Mavs in teh 1983 NBA draft before Derek Harper?
In the 1983-84 season, what player had the highest average points per game?
How many more points did Jay Vincent score than Rolando Blackman?
Who was ranked higher in the NBA, Mark Aguirre or Brad Davis?
When did the Mavericks earn their first playoff berth?
How many years did the Mavericks post a NBA winning record?
Which year is the latest Mark Aguirre led the Mavericks with 24.4 points per game, 1892 or 1983?
Which team took the early lead, Raiders or Panthers?
Which team was in the lead at halftime?
How many points did the Raiders lead at the end of the game?
How many games have the Raiders won this season?
How did Carr deal with his injury?
When did the Panthers tried to tie the game?
How many touchdowns were by Mack?
How many game winning streak did the Raiders have coming into this game?
Which team allowed the least points?
Which team had first possession?
Which team scored first?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Raiders win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many points did the Panthers trail by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Carolina lose by?
How many wins would this game have given the Panthers had they won?
How many weeks into the season did this game occur?
How many points ahead were the falcons at the end of the game?
Which household had more children living with them, female householder with no husband or male householder with no wife?
How many more households, percentage wise, had residents ages 45 to 64 compared to ages 18 to 24?
How many more females were there compared to males in the gender makeup of the village by percent?
Which household without a spouse was lower, male or female?
Which was smaller, the average household size or the average family size?
Which gender populated the city less, male or female?
Were there less females or males in the area?
Were there more married couples living together or non-families?
How many more percent were married couples living together compared to households with children?
Which age group had the most amount of people?
How many percent do not have children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent are not Marriage couples living together?
How many percent are not  female householder with no husband present?
How many percent did not have a male householder with no wife present?
How many percent are not non-families?
How many percent are not households made up of individuals?
How many percent are not someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older?
How many percent larger is the average family size than household size?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not from 45 to 64?
How many percent were not from 25 to 44?
Which age group was most prominent?
Was the village predominately male or female?
Were more people under the age of 18 or over the age of 65?
Was there a higher percentage of female or male householder with no spouse present?
How many percent more females lived in the village than males?
How many percent more households had single female householders than single male householders?
How many percent households were led by either a female with no husband or a male with no wife present?
Was the average household size larger or smaller than the average family size?
How many percent of households were neither married couples living together or had children under 18?
How many percent of households had either children under 18 at home, or someone living alone over 65?
How many more percent of the village was female compared to male?
Which age groups  had less than 20% of the population?
Which age groups had more than 25% of the population?
Which age group had the second largest percentage of people?
Which age group had the second smallest percentage of people?
Which age range groups in percent are larger than 20%?
How many in percent weren't under the age of 18?
Which age group is larger: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 25 to 44?
How many in percent weren't 45 to 64?
How many in percent weren't 65 years of age or older?
Which gender group is larger: female or male?
Which gender group is smaller: female or male?
Which age group is larger: under the age of 18 or 18 and 24?
Which age group is smaller: under the age of 18 or 18 and 24?
Which age group is smaller: 25 to 44 or 45 to 64?
How many percent of households had no children under the age of 18 living with them?
How many percent of households were not married couples living together?
How many percent of households were not non-families?
How many percent of households were not made up of individuals?
How many percent were not under the age of 18?
How many percent were not between the ages of 18 to 24?
How many percent were not between the ages of 25 to 44?
How many percent were not between the ages of 45 to 64?
How many percent were not over the age of 65?
How many percent of the people were not male?
How many percent of the people were not female?
How many yards was did Josh Brown make?
How many yards did Steven Jackson run for the touch down?
How many wins did the 49rs have this season?
Who scored the longest touchdown run?
Who kicked the most field goals?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards were ran in for touchdowns from all the players combined.
Which team scored first?
How many yards was the longest field goal of the game?
How many field goals were scored that were for more than 40 yards?
Which team won?
Which player was the last to score?
How many field goals did Nedney make?
How many yards was Nedney's longest field goal?
How many yards was Nedney's shortest field goal?
How many field goals were kicked during regulation?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
Who came in when Locker got hurt?
How many points did the Jets score?
how many point did the titans win by?
who was ahead in the half?
who scored last?
How many points were the Titans leading by at halftime?
How many total points were scored?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Titans win by?
How many interceptions did Geno Smith throw?
What event was first, the founding of Taganrog or the signing of the Treaty of Constantinople?
How many years passed between the birth date of the Russian Navy and the founding of Taganrog?
Which happened second, the Karlowitz Congress of 1698-1699 or the Treaty of Constantinople?
What was founded during the same time as the Karlowitz Congress?
At least how many Caucasian tribesmen provided assistance to the Ottomans?
What happened first, Taganrog was founded or a Russian ambassador raised issue with Safavid court?
How many years after the birth of the Russian Navy did the Russian ambassador raise an issue at the Safavid court?
Which occurred first, the creation of the regular Imperial Russian Navy or a Russian ambassador raised an issue?
How many days into October did Boyar Duma decree the creation of the regular Imperial Russian Navy
How many years did Russia success at Azov strengthened it position last?
What is the birthdate of the Russian Imperial Navy?
The Sea of Azov is connected to what important body of water?
What empire arguably supported the Ottomans during the Azov campaigns?
How many months after being selected by the Tsar was the first Russian military base founded on the cape?
What location would have been used for the military fleet if the Tsar did not select an alternative location?
Which location replaced Azov's harbor as the location for the military fleet?
How many people are estimated in both armies combined?
How many is the largest estimate of Mongol, Chinese and Korean soldiers in the Yuan fleet?
What is the largest estimate of how many total ships the fleet had?
Who had more cavalrymen, So Sukekuni or Tairano Takakage?
Where did the Mongol forces fight first, Hakata Bay or Tsushima Island?
Which were there more of, Mongol and Chinese soldiers or Korean soldiers?
Which were there less of,  large vessels or smaller craft?
Who was not outnumbered, the Yuan or Sukekuni?
Which Governor did not kill himself after his unit was defeated, Sukekuni or Tairano Takakage?
How many ships were there (at least) in the Yuan fleet in 1274?
How many defenders of Tsushima Island  survived the attack of 1274?
Which came first, the battle at Tsushina Island or the invasion of Iki?
What was the date of Battle of Bun'ei?
How many total large vessels and smaller craft did the Yuan fleet set out with?
Which did the Yuan fleet have more of, Mongol and Chinese soldiers or Korean soldiers?
Which did the Yuan fleet have more of, large vessels or smaller craft?
Which location was landed on first, Komodahama beach on Tsushima Island or Hakata Bay?
What day did the Battle of Bun'ei take place?
How many defensive touchdowns did the Saints score?
How many points did the Jets have at half time?
Which team scored more touchdowns?
Which team scored first?
Who scored the games longest TD?
How many yards shorter was John Carney's field goal compared to Jay Feely's field goal?
Darren Sharper intercepted and ran the ball for how many more more yards for a touchdown compared to Thomas Jones touchdown run?
How many more touchdowns from both teams were scored during the second half of the game compared to the first?
Who would get 34 yards in the second quarter?
Who would return an interception 99 yards for the touchdown?
Who would force an endzone fumble against the Jets?
Who would get fumbled by Will Smith?
Who would kick 38 yards for New York?
Who would get a 1 yard touchdown for the Saints?
How many defensive touchdowns did New Orleans score in the second quarter?
Which kickers first half field goal was shorter?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many yards shorter was Carney's first half field goal compared with Feely's?
How many touchdowns were scored between 10 and 20 yards?
Which kicker kicked a field goal of at least 30 yards?
How many yards shorter was the first field goal of the game compared to the second?
Which running backs had a second half touchdown?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown run?
How many more yards was Jay Feely's field goal than John Carney's?
Who scored a touchdown from the most number of yards?
Who ran the least number of yards for a touchdown?
Which quarterback had a rushing touchdown?
How many touchdown passes did Orton have?
How many field goals did Cundiff  kick in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Prater kick in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Cundiff kick in the first half?
How many field goals were kicked during the first half?
How many points were the Viking's behind at the half?
How many yards was Walsh's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Kordell Stewart's touchdown run than Griffins?
How many points total were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many total yards in field goals did Blair Walsh have in the first quarter?
Who kicked the longest field goal in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the first half?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored the most points in the game?
How many people did the population of Weimar increase from 1650 to 1750?
How many more people did Weimar have in 1800 than they had in 1750?
How many more people did Weimar have in 1900 than in 1850?
By how many people did the population of Weimar increase from 1900 to the start of WWI?
How many more people lived in Weimar in 1750 than had lived there in 1650?
How many more people did Weimar have in 1800 than they had in 1750?
Between 1750 and 1900, how many residents did Weimar gain?
How many years after Weimar became the capital of Saxe-Weimar did the population increase to 3000?
How many people did the population in Weimar increase by from 1650 to 1800?
Which year were there more people living in Weimar, 1850 or 1900?
How many more inhabitants did Weimar have in 1800 compared to 1750?
Which year were there more inhabitants in Weimar, 1850 or 1900?
Which year had a bigger population for Saxe-Weimar, 1650 or 1750?
How many years did it take for the population of Saxe-Weimar to increase by 1000 inhabitants from the year 1750?
How many people did the Saxe-Weimar population increase by in 1900 from 1850?
Which player scored the first touchdown?
Who has won more games in the contest between Tom Brady and Peyton Manning?
How many touchdowns did Stevan Ridley rush for?
How many touchdowns did Wes Welker catch?
What was the widest point gap between the Broncos and Patriots?
How many field goals were kicked in the game by both teams combined?
How many points did the Patriots lead by at halftime?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown run?
How many points exaclty did the cowboys win by?
How many points did the Colts lost by?
How many minutes was the game moved by?
What was the final score?
Which team lost a player for the season?
How many combined points did the Colts and Cowboys have?
How many points did Dallas win by?
Who is the Chiefs starting quarterback?
How many touchdowns did Cassel have for the game?
Which players did Matt Cassel throw touchdown passes to?
Who caught Matt Cassel's longest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was Matt Cassel's longest touchdown pass over his shortest?
Who threw the shortest passing touchdown?
How many years after the settlement of Akmoly was established was it granted town status and named Akmolinsk?
How many years after Akmolinsk was granted town status was it officially declared an uyezd town?
How many oblasts were included in Tsar Alexander II of Russia's draft Regulation on governing in 1868?
How many years after Akmolinsk was first granted town status did Major General Dubelt proposed to build a railway between Tyumen and Akmolinsk to the Ministry of Communications of Russia?
How many years after the settlement was granted town status and named Akmolinsk did the advantageous position of the town become clear?
How many years after the Akmolinsk fortress was burned was the rebuilt Akmolinsk officially declared a uyezd town?
How many years after the Government of the Russian Empire formed Steppe Commission did sar Alexander II of Russia sign a draft Regulation on governing Turgay Oblast (Russian Empire), Ural Oblast (Russian Empire), Akmolinsk Oblast (Russian Empire) and Semipalatinsk Oblast, Russias?
How many years after Mayor General Dubelt proposed to build a railway between Tyumen and Akmolinsk was Akmolinsk an uyezd with a 6428 population, 3 churches, 5 schools and 3 factories?
Which quarterback had the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Tom Savage throw?
Which player had the longest scoring play?
How many passes did Tom Savage throw in the first half?
Which team missed a field goal attempt?
How many years were blancas in use before King Philip III made changes in the coinage strategy?
How many fewer grains did the blanca have in 1566 than it had in 1471?
Which year saw the lowest grains, 1471, 1497, 1552 or 1556?
How many grains was the difference between 1471 and 1566?
How many more grains was the fineness of 1497 than that in 1566?
Which year saw the fineness with the highest grain amount?
How many grains was the difference in fineness in 1552 from 1471?
Did the blanca have a higher fineness in 1471 or 1497?
Did the blanca have a higher fineness in 1552 or 1566?
How many grains higher was the blanca's fineness in 1471 compared to 1566?
Which year was the blanca issued with a lower silver fineness, 1471 or 1497?
How many more grains did the blanca have in 1471 compared to the blanca issued in 1566
How many touchdowns did the Cowboys score off of interceptions?
Which team won in overtime?
Which players had two yard touchdowns?
Which players intercepted passes?
How many total yards of field goals did David Buehler make?
what happened in the last 17 seconds?
who was responsible for the touchdown to decrease the score to 21-14 ?
who made the touchdown to tie the game  ?
How many games had the Cleveland Browns win in the season after this game?
How many points were the Browns ahead in the third quarter?
Who was winning in the 3rd quarter?
How many points was the Cleveland Browns winning by in the 3rd quarter?
How many points was the Cleveland Browns winning by after they scored a touchdown?
How many passes did Davante Adams catch?
What player scored the first points?
Who threw the first touchdown for the Colts?
How many yards was the touchdown by Kenton Keith in the fourth quarter?
By the end of the game, how many Colts were left from the roster that could play?
How many field goals did Vinatieri miss in the game?
Which team lost the game?
After this game, how many games in all had the Colts lost in the season?
After this game, how many games had the Chargers won in the season?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team successfully made the first field goal of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
Which team scored the last field goal of the game?
Who scored the longest touchdown in the first quarter?
How many yards longer was Visanthe Shiancoe's first quarter touchdown compared to  Bernard Berrian's first quarter touchdown?
Which team ended with a 3 game losing streak?
Which team won?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
How many yards was the failed field goal attempt?
Which player scored first in the fourth quarter?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdown passes did Brett Favre throw in the first quarter?
How many touchdown passes did Joe Flacco throw in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals of at least 40 yards were made?
Which players scored touchdowns of 30 yards or more?
Which team kicked the least amount of field goals?
How many yards was the longest run of the game?
Which player caught the shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many field goals did the Rams score?
How many field goals did the Browns kick?
How many yards longer was Jason Hanson's longest field goal from his shortest?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player kicked two 28-yard field goals?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson make?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
How many total points were scored in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Jason Hanson kick in the fourth quarter?
What is a secular state?
What is the national religion
How many years passed since the last census was recorded in Albania?
Which religion was least populated?
Which religion had more followers Bektashi Muslims or Roman Catholics?
Which religion is second most popular in Albania?
What religion had the highest population?
What religion had the lowest population?
Were there more Christians, or non-affiliated believers?
Of the Muslims, which was the higer population, Sunni or Bektashi?
Of the Christians, were there more Roman Catholics, or more Evangelicalism Protestants>
How many years had it been since the last time Albania included religion on the census prior to the 2011 census?
Were there more non-affiliated believers, or people who preferred not to answer?
How many perent of the Albanian population in the 2011 census did not classify themselves as Muslims?
Which religious group has a higher number of believers, according to the 2011 Albanian census, Roman Catholics or Muslims?
Which Muslim group has the majority of believers in Albania according to the 2011 census, Bektashi or Sunni?
Where there more people who identified as Muslims or Atheists according to the 2011 Albanian census?
How many percent of people were not Muslim?
How many percent of people were not Sunni?
How many percent of people were not Bektashi Muslims?
How many percent of people were not Christian?
How many percent of people were not Roman Catholics?
How many percent of people were not Eastern Orthodox?
How many percent of people were not Protestants?
How many percent of people were not atheists?
How many percent of people were not non-affiliated believers?
How many percent of people answered the census?
How many percent of people were not Muslims?
What all christian denominations were reported in the Albania's 2011 census?
How many more percent of Muslim were Sunni than Bektashi Muslims?
How many more percent of Christians were Roman Catholic than Eastern Orthodox?
How many more percent of Christians were Roman Catholic than Evangelicalism Protestant?
How many more percent of Christians were Eastern Orthodox than Evangelicalism Protestant?
How many more percent of the population were Muslims than Christians?
How many more percent of the population were Muslims than Atheists?
How many more percent of the population were Christians than Atheists?
How many more percent of the population were Atheists than Protestants?
How many more percent of the population were non-affiliated believers than Protestants?
How many more percent of the population were Christians than non-affiliated believers?
How many more percent of the population were both Muslims and Christians combined than non-affiliated believers?
Were there more Christians or Muslims?
Were there fewer people Atheists or non-affiliated ?
How many percent of the population were not Muslim?
How many percent of the population were either Muslim or Christian?
Are there more Christians or Muslims in Albania?
How many percent of Albanians are not Muslim?
How many percent of Albanians are not Christian?
Were there fewer people identified as non-affiliated or as atheists?
Which religion constitutes the most of the Christian group?
Which group makes up the smallest segment of the Muslim population?
How many straight wins over the Bills?
Who had two touchdown throws?
How many consecutive wins did the Jets have over Buffalo?
Who scored a punt return touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Sanchez throw for?
How many points did the Bills score in the first quarter?
Which team allowed the most points all game?
Which team lost the game?
Which player scored a special teams touchdown?
How many touchdowns were scored?
How many league matches did Feyenoord lose in the 2016/2017 season?
How many points did the PSV lose by?
Which team did Feyenoord beat by the most points?
How many more points did Spartaand  have over Ajax?
How many merks was agreed to be paid under the Treaty of Berwick?
How many merks did David II pay total?
How many years was the truce David II agreed to after only paying 20000 merks?
Who had a mistress?
How many years did David II pay England?
How many years before the signing of the Treaty of Berwick had Edward Balliol relinquished his claim to the kingdom of Scotland?
How many years passed between Edward Balliol relinquishing his claim in Scotland and The Treaty of Berwick?
How many countries saw the demonstration  the fruitlessness of their struggles?
In what quarter did Plummer throw a touchdown?
How did the Broncos score their first points?
How many field goals were made in this game?
What was the Broncos' record after this game?
How many field goals did Lawrence Tynes kick?
How many field goals did Tynes kick in the last quarter?
Which player kicked the final field goal of the game, Lawrence Tynes or Jason Elam?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Lawrence Tynes kick?
How many field goals over 24 yards did Lawrence Tynes kick?
How many yards longer was Lawrence Tynes second field goal compared to his first?
How many field goals did the Chiefs score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals over 30 yards did Tynes kick?
How many more field goals over 30 yards did Tynes kick than Elam?
Which player had the lowest average yards of field goals?
How many field goals longer than 25 yards were scored?
How many field goals shorter than 30 yards were scored?
How many yards longer was Tynes' longest field goal than Elam's one?
How many field goals shorter than Elam's one did Tynes kick?
Except his longest field goal, how many of Tynes field goals were longer than Elam's one?
How many of Tynes' field goals were between 20 and 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Elam's average yards of field goals than Tynes' average yards of field gaols?
How many yards longer was Tynes' total yards of field goals than Elam's one?
How many field goals were there between 20 and 30 yards?
How many total points were there in the second half?
How many points did Buffalo lose by?
Who overturned a touchdown?
How many yards was the thefirst touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the first field goal of the game?
How many more yards was Joe Nedney's  field goal compared to Olindo Mare's?
How many yards was the last touchdown pass of the game?
Which QB threw more first half touchdowns?
Which player caught the most TD passes?
How many games in a row have the 49ers lost with this game?
Who caught the first TD pass of the game?
Who caught the shortest TD pass of the game?
Which team allowed the most points in the first quarter?
Who scored the only points for the 49ers?
How many yards was the 49ers only TD pass?
Who caught the longest TD pass of the game?
Which team allowed the most points at the final?
How many TDs did Brees make to Colston?
Which player had the longest touchdown reception?
How many receiving touchdowns of under 5-yards did Marques Colston catch?
How many yards difference was there between Marques Colston's longest and shortest touchdown?
How many passing touchdowns measuring 10-yards or less were scored?
How many more passing touchdowns did Marques Colston catch compared to Vernon Davis?
how many yards did brees complete?
how many yards did mare nail?
how many yards did brees complete in the second?
how many yards did copper complete?
how many yards did nedney get?
how many yards did colston pass?
How many touchdown passes between 10 and 20 yards were thrown?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which kicker had the longer field goal?
What are the top two longest touchdown passes made?
What are the two shortest field goals made?
How many yards combined are the top two longest touchdown passes?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Drew Brees or Alex Smith?
How many more touchdown passes did Drew Brees make over Alex Smith?
Which touchdown passes did Drew Brees make?
How many total yards did Drew Brees throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was Drew Brees's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which player threw the third longest touchdown pass?
Which players threw at least two touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes shorter than 15 yards did Drew Brees make?
Which players had touchdown passes longer than 5 yards?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the shortest in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown in the first half compared to the second shortest in the first half?
Were there more yards in field goals or touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was the longest field goal compared to the shortest?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown compared to the second longest?
How many yards longer were Marques Colston's touchdowns compared to all other touchdowns combined?
How many touchdowns were scored under 10 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored between 1 and 5 yards?
How many touchdowns were scored between 10 and 20 yards?
Who threw the most touchdown passes?
Were more touchdowns scored in the first two quarters or the last two quarters?
Did Armenia become an independent country before or after the United States began to send them aid?
How many other countries were sending aid not counting the US?
How many in percent did non-humanitarian account for the total?
What did the US focus on first, humanitarian aid or longer-term development goals?
How many countries sent aid to the Armenians with the United States?
Where were the Goths from?
Where did the Romans send their exiles to?
Who controlled the city of Chersonnesos?
How many touchdowns did the Saints score in the first half?
Who had the longest touchdown of the game?
Which team scored the first points of the game?
Which team won the game?
How many touchdowns longer than 40 yards were scored in the second half?
How many second half touchdowns did the Cowboys score?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown play?
In what quarter did Phil Dawson kick two field goals?
How many more yards was Phil Dawson's first field goal or his second?
How many total points were scored by both teams in the first quarter?
What team took the lead going into the 3rd quarter?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass in the game?
Which team was leading after the second quarter?
How many points were the Bengals leading by after A.J. Green's 70-yard pass?
How many touchdowns did Murray run for the entire game?
Who scored more points, the Bengals or theTitans?
How many TD runs did Murray have in the second half?
How many points did Bengals score in the second quarter?
How many points did Titans score in the second half?
How many points did Bengals socre in the second half?
How many 2-yard TD runs did Murray have?
How many points were the Titans leading by at halftime?
How many running touchdown yards did Murray have for the game?
Which team kicked the first field goal?
How many yards was the longest pass for a touchdown?
How many touchdowns did Murray have in the first half?
How many points were the Titans leading by at the half?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many total yards of field goals were kicked?
What team kicked the most yards in field goals?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
Which player kicked the longest field goal?
Who caught a one yard touchdown pass?
In what city was the game played?
What day did the Falcons play against the Panthers?
Who would complete a 34 yard pass toss to Michael Jenkins?
Who would have 132 rush yards for the Falcons?
Who kicked the second longest field goal?
How many yards longer was John Kasay's longest field goal over his second longest field goal?
What were the two longest field goals of the first half?
Which players made field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards longer was Kasay's first field goal than his second?
Which player caught the longest TD pass?
How long were each of Michael Vick's TD passes?
How many total yards of field goals did John Kasay make?
Which players made at least two field goals?
How many yards are the top two field goals combined?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many more field goals over 30 yards did John Kasey make over Michael Koenen?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did John Kasay make?
Which field goals did John Kasay make?
How many total yards did Michael Vick throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards shorter was John Kasay's second field goal compared to his first?
Which players scored field goals longer than 30 yards?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest field goals?
What all field goals did Michael Koenen make?
What all field goals did John Kasay make?
How many yards difference was Michael Koenen’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was John Kasay’s first field goal compared to his second?
How many yards difference was John Kasay‘s first field goal compared to Michael Koenen's first field goal?
How many yards difference was John Kasay‘s second field goal compared to Michael Koenen's second field goal?
What author skated at the Maiden's Field?
How many total people did the convent house by 1763?
What did the nuns manage to prevent Napoleon's attempt to do in 1812?
How many more rubles than quarters of bread were there?
How many full years is the longest possible time that the Cathedral was surveyed and restored before sisters were residing in the Novodevichy Convent?
In what year did the convent house more lay sisters?
How many years did these events span?
What event happened first, Napoleon's army making an attempt to blow up the convent, or some of the aged nons being given shelter?
Where was an orphanage for female foundlings housed?
How many rubles did the state provide the Novodevichy Convent each year?
How many total nuns and lay sisters resided in Novodevichy Convent in 1917?
How many total people were housed in the convent in 1763?
Which two Tolstoy novels have a connection to the Novodevichy Convent?
Which Tolstoy character met his wife near the monastery?
How many years before the Filatyev brothers donated money for a shelter-school for the orphans of "ignoble origins" did some of the aged nuns, who renounced the Old Believers movement, were given shelter?
In 1763 how many people were staying at the convent?
In 1917 How many people were residing at Novodevichy Convent?
How many more people were staying at the convent in 1763 compared to 1917?
Did the convent house more nuns or lay sisters by 1763?
Did the convent house more nuns or sick patients and servants by 1763?
Did more nuns live in the Novodevichy Convent in 1917 or 1763?
Did more lay sisters live in the Novodevichy Convent in 1917 or 1763?
How many nuns and sisters total were there?
How many total nuns and lay sisters were there in 1917?
How many more Nuns were there than lay sisters in 1971?
how many yards did carson pass?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
Which player had the most rushing yards?
Which player had the most receiving yards?
How many more catches did Edwards have than Winslow?
How many points were scored in the first half?
How many incomplete passes did Anderson throw?
How many receptions did Edwards and Winslow have combined?
How many yards were the first and last touchdown of the game combined?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the first quarter?
How many total yards field goals did Dawson kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals did Dawson kick in the first half?
How many total yards of field goals did Dawson kick?
How many field goals over 30 yards were scored?
How many touchdowns between 10 and 20 yards were scored?
How many incomplete passes did Anderson throw?
How many more touchdowns did Anderson throw than interceptions?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Browns win by?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Who is the Panther's kicker?
Who fumbled at the 1 yard line?
Which team does Jay Cutler play for?
Who is the Bear's kicker?
By how many points did the Panthers have the lead during the game?
By how many points did the bears win the game?
Which player scored the final points of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
What happened on the last play of the game?
Who scored the last points of the game?
Who scored the first touchdown of the game?
How made more field goals, Justin Medlock or Robbie Gould?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns measuring 10-yards or longer were scored?
How many yards long was the game winning field goal?
By how many points did the Bears win the game?
How many field goals did Justin Medlock kick?
Who had passes intercepted?
Which two players combined to force and recover a Cam Newton fumble?
Which player scored more field goals, Justin Medlock or Gould?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many rewards were offered to Turks who stayed in Lebanon?
Which happened later, the Syrian Civil War or the Ottoman takeover of Turkey?
How many make up the difference between the minimum number of Syrian Turkmen refugees and the maximum number of Syrian Turkmen refugees?
How many is the difference between the Turkish minority in Lebanon and the minimum number of Syrian Turkmen refugees in Lebanon?
How many different expenses are required for the mining operation?
What all is needed to be purchased to have a function mining operation?
Where was gold more prevalent
How many dollars on average was spent for construction of dams and ditches by the average prospector for a mining operation in the Klondike?
Which would cost more, constructing a dam or buying sluice boxes?
Which would cost more, constructing a dam or creating ditches?
Which would cost more, creating ditches or buying sluice boxes?
Would the total cost of a realistic mining operation be more or less than 5000 dollars?
How many dollars would be required to construct a dam and build ditches combined?
How many dollars would be required to buy sluice boxes and build ditches combined?
Which cost more, sluice boxes or ditches?
How many more dollars was it to construct a ditch than a dam?
How many operations cost the same price?
Where was the richest area for gold, Klondike, California or South Africa?
For successful mining how many dollars were needed to be spent to set up the wood, the dam and the ditches?
What does a minig operation require?
What all did a realistic mining operation require?
How many more dollars did a realistic mining operation require for wood than for sluice boxes?
How many more dollars did a realistic mining operation require for ditches than for sluice boxes?
How many more dollars did a realistic mining operation require for ditches than to construct a dam?
How many years did these events span for?
What event happened first, the conclusion of the contract with Henry III, or the agreement where they sold Hainchen Castle to the Count?
What event happened later, Heidenrich of Dernbach selling his remaining serfs, or an agreement where they sold Hainchen Castle to the count?
What event finalized the Lordship of Dernbach being transferred to nassau?
How many years after Henry III of Nassau-Dillenburg was given Wallenfels Castle by Landgrave Henry II did the Lords of Dernbach and the Lords of Bicken build the castle of New Dernbach?
Was the New Dernbach castle built in Ebersbach or the Hessian territory?
The contract with Henry III in 1333 only left the Dernbachers with what two things?
how many yards did did bryant convert?
How many yards did Wallace pass to Hills?
how many yards did dawson hit?
What are the top two longest field goals made?
Which player scored more field goals, Matt Bryant or Phil Dawson?
Which player scored the second longest field goal?
How many total field goal yards did Matt Bryant kick?
Which field goals did Matt Bryant make?
How many more field goals did Matt Bryant make over Phil Dawson?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's second field goal compared to his first?
How many yards are the two shortest field goals combined?
Which players scored field goals shorter than 40 yards?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards difference is there between the two shortest field goals?
How many field goals over 15 yards did Matt Bryant score?
Who threw the longest touchdown pass?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass?
How many total field goals were kicked in the game?
How many field goals did Matt Bryant kick?
How many yards was Matt Bryant's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Matt Bryant's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many total touchdowns were in the game?
How many touchdown passes were in the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown pass than the shortest?
How many points were scored in the first quarter?
How many yards in difference was there between the first and second field goal?
Which quarterback threw for the longer passing touchdown?
Which player had the shortest touchdown reception?
How many defensive touchdowns were scored?
How many years after Bolivia had its first negative per annum growth rate did it have its second one?
How many percents of Bolivian immigrants in 2012 did not come from Argentina?
How many more marriages in Bolivia in 2008 were there compared to divorces in 2011?
How many marriages as well as divorces were there in Bolivia in 2011 in total?
According to the population density of Bolivia, how many inhabitants would there be within 3 square kilometers?
How many years apart were the only two years in Bolivia's history that had a negative per annum growth rate?
Since 1950 in Bolivia, according to WHO, which has consistently been higher, the death rate or the birth rate?
When was the last time Bolivia had a negative per annum growth rate?
How many Bolivian immigrants in 2012, as a percentage, did not come from Argentina?
In percent, how many immigrants did not come from Argentina?
How many immigrants, in percentage, in Bolivia in 2012 were not from Argentina
How many more marriages were there in 2008 compared to divorces in 2011?
How many years had passed from the first time the growth rate was negative until the second?
How many percentage of immigrants in Bolivia did not come from Argentina?
Were there more marriages in Bolivia or divorces?
How many more games had the Texans won in the season than they had lost before this game?
How long was the longeset touchdown pass of the game?
How many passes did Tom Brady not complete?
how many yards did the patriots race?
How many field goals were kicked during the game?
How many touchdowns were scored during the game?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were due to an interception?
How many yards was the best play?
Who made the last play?
Who caught the first touchdown of the game?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
Which team scored over 10 points?
What was the longest play of the game?
How many rushing touchdowns did Willie Parker have?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass of the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown pass of the game?
When was the longest touchdown pass thrown?
How many yards difference was Ben Roethlisberger’s touchdown pass compared to Jake Plummer 's first touchdown pass?
Who scored first, Rod Smith or Javon Walker?
How many yards longer was Jake Plummer's first touchdown pass compared to his second?
Which team scored more points in the first two quarters?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's first touchdown pass compared to Jake Plummer's second touchdown pass?
Who threw the most touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Which defensive player had two takeaways?
Which player caught two interceptions from Ben Roethlisberger?
How many total yards did Willie Parker have on touchdown plays?
How many field goals were kicked from between 25 and 35 yards?
Who was the first player to defeat all 31 teams at least once?
When was Braydy's first career high touchdown pass set?
Which team scored on the opening drive of the 2nd half?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many points did the Patriots score?
How many points did the Patriots win by?
Who had the longest drive of the game?
How many losses did the Patriots start the game with for the season?
How many losses do the Redskins have for the season?
Approximately how many people residing in Trento in 2007 were female?
Approximately how many people residing in Trento in 2007 were male?
Approximately how many people lived in Trento in 2002?
How many more percent of people were female?
How many percent of people were not minors?
How many percent of people were not pensioners?
How many percent of people were not minors?
How many percent of people were not pensioners, on average?
How many years did it take for Italy's population to grow by 3.56 percent?
How many years did it take for Trento's population to grow by 5.72 percent?
How many percent of the residents were not female?
Were fewer people male or female in Trento?
Were there more minors or pensioners in Trento?
Was the percentage of pensioners in the Trento population higher or lower compared to the Italian average?
Was the  average age of Trento residents higher or lower compared to the Italian average?
Did the population of Trento grow more or less compared to Italy as a whole between 2002 and 2007?
Is the current birth rate of Trento higher or lower compared to the Italian average?
How many years younger is the average age of Trento residents compared to the Italian average?
Which happened first, the Irish Famine or the Great Famine?
Which famine was caused by an oomycete infection?
How many years did the great famine last?
About how many years did the little ice age last?
How many years of famine total did Ireland suffer?
Which happened first, The Irish Famine or Great Famine?
When was the famine ended
What cause the famine
How many years was the little ice age
How many years was the great famine
What was more important than potatoes
What hurt the potatoes
What was the population killed in 1740
How many years did the famine in Ireland last?
What is the most the famine may have killed?
Which famine lasted longer, the Irish Famine or the Great Famine?
Who won the game?
How many rushing touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson have?
Who scored the longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many yards was LaDainian Tomlinson's career long touchdown run?
How many touchdowns did LaDainian Tomlinson score?
How many yards was LaDainian Tomlinsons longest rushing touchdown of the game?
How many points did Redskins have in the second quarter?
How many total points were scored?
How many points did Miami win by?
How many points were scored in the first half?
Who threw the longest TD pass in the second quarter?
Who threw the second longest TD pass in the second quarter?
How many field goals did Forbath kick in the first quarter?
How many field goals did Franks kick in the third quarter?
How many field goals were made in the first quarter?
Which team scored the most points in the first half?
Who threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many field goals were made in the game?
Who caught the longest touchdown reception of the game?
How many years passed between Cnut's coronation and the death of Cnut's brother Harald?
Which happened first, the coronation of Cnut or the death of Cnut's brother Harald?
Which happened first, the death of Svein or the death of Harald?
Who left for England last, Hakon or Eirkr?
Who was Hakon's father?
Who was Harald's brother?
How many field goals were made?
How many touchdowns did Fitzgerald score?
How many touchdowns did Holt receive?
How many field goals did Wilkins make?
How many passes did Fitzgerald score?
What all ways did Kurt Warner turn over the ball?
What all touchdowns did the Rams make?
What all field goals did Jeff Wilkins make?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Rams win the game by?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were the Rams ahead by at the end of the first half?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
where Thebes and Negroponte were significant military strongholds?
How many days after a Venetian cannonball exploded a powder magazine in the Propylaea was the Parthenon destroyed?
What year did a Venetian cannonball explode a powder magazine in the Propylaea?
In what quarter did the Panthers take the lead?
How much time was left when Carolina scored the final score?
Who won the game?
Who scored on a reverse flea flicker pass?
Which team scored no offensive touchdowns?
How many total yards of field goals did Neil Rackers convert?
How many yards was the field goal that could have won the game for the Cardinals?
Whose coach was angry at reporters?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
how many points did the cardinals lead into the half?
how many yards did gould drill?
how many yards did Rackers get?
how many yards did tillman punt?
how many yards did rackers need to win?
How many points did the Steelers lead at the start of the second quarter?
How many points did the STeelers lead at the half?
How many points did the Steelers win by?
How many points did Ravens score in the second quarter?
How many points did Steelers score in the second quarter?
How many points did Ravens score in the third quarter?
How many points did Ravens score in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Tucker kick?
From what distance did both teams kick a field goal?
How many field goals did Shaun Suisham kick?
How many yards was Shaun Suisham's second longest field goal?
How many points in total were scored?
How many points did the Ravens trail by at halftime?
Whom did Iran authorities deny access to in Ahwaz?
How long did the riots last?
Where were the protesters protesting?
How many months had elapsed since the police officers were killed before Ahmad was assassinated?
Who was killed first, Ahmad Mullah Nissi or the police offices in Ahvaz?
How many months after the start of the riots was Ahmad Mullah Nissi assassinated?
How many different chants were chanted?
How many months after the series of riots began across the Kuzestan province was an Ahwazi activist killed by Basij militia in Ma'shour city?
How many months after the riots began across the Kuzestan province was the head of the Arab Struggle Movement of Kuzestan, Ahmad Mullah Nissi assassinated in the Netherlands?
how many months after the riots began across the Khuzestan province were two police officers in Ahvaz killed by separatist gunment?
What prompted the riots in Khuzestan province?
What three things did the crowd chant in the protests?
When did the series of riots across the Kuzestan province end?
Which team allowed the least points?
How many points did Buffalo win by?
What was the halftime score?
Who caught the first two touchdowns for the Saints?
How many field goals over 20 yards were completed?
When was Regent Moray assassinated?
Which event occurred first, when Elizabeth sent an army into Scotland where the Queen's party were besieging Glasgow Castle, or when Regent Moray was assassinated?
Was it at Edinburgh Castle or Glasgow Castle that Regent Mar, James Douglas, and Earl of Morton were able to broker the deployment of an English army against Mary's supporters?
What happened first: Regent Moray was assassinated or Marian lords abandoned Glasgow Castle?
What happened second: Regent Moray was assassinated or Marian lords abandoned Glasgow Castle?
How many days between The Earl of Lennox arrival at Edinburgh and the English arrival at Glasgow Castle?
How many month's passed between Moray's assassination and the Elizabeth sending an army into Scotland?
How many different Queens were mentioned?
Who are the Queens mentioned?
The fall of the castle sparked what?
How many people tried to gain English support?
What would the letters do
Who tried to raise money?
Why were the English unable to reconcile with Scotland?
How did Moray die?
Where did they abandoned the siege
How many people were able to broker the deployment of an English army against Mary's supporters at Edinburgh Castle?
How many years after they first started the war past up to when Henry Killigrew worked on the reconciliation of the Scottish nobility at Perth?
Which two Queens are mentioned?
Which city did the castle fall?
How many total field goals were completed in the first quarter?
How many points did the Broncos score in the first quarter?
How many points did the Raiders score in the first quarter?
How long was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
Out of the first two field goals which kicker made the longer conversion?
How many total yards were gained on the first two field goals?
How many yards longer was the first field goal when compared against the second?
How many total yards were gained on field goals that measured shorter than 30 yards?
Which was longer, the first field goal or the first touchdown?
How many yards longer was the first field goal when compared to the first touchdown?
Which quarterback's initial touchdown was longer?
Which quarterback threw a 32 yard touchdown pass?
Which quarterback threw for more touchdown passes?
How many touchdown passes measuring longer than 10 yards were completed?
Which player caught the longest touchdown pass?
Which player was replaced at the end of the game?
How many field goals were kicked in the first quarter?
Who threw the last touchdown of the game?
Who caught the last touchdown of the game?
Which player scored the last touchdown of the game?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
How many yards were each of Manning's touchdown passes in the second quarter?
Which player throw the first touchdown pass?
What year was the sea route to India discovererd by Vasco da Gama?
When did the Portuguese stop occupying any part of India?
What exactly was terminated in 1774?
What year did the discovery of the sea route to India by Vasco da Gama take place?
How many years after the government of Portuguese India start did Portuguese Mozambique get its own government?
Which happened first, the Portuguese Government of India stopped administering the territory of Portuguese Macau Solor and Portuguese Timor or Portuguese Mozambique got its own government?
What did Portuguese control ceased first, last two enclaves or three pockets?
What year was the discovery of the sea route to India by Vasco da Gama?
When did Vasco da Gama discover the sea route to India?
How many years after the beginning of the government of Portuguese India was headquarters established in Goa?
How many territories did the Portuguese Government of India control in Malabar?
How many years after formal termination was the title of viceroy decisively ended?
In what year did Vasco de Gama discover the sea route?
How many different titles were given to the head of the Portuguese government?
What were the two titles given to the head of the Portuguese government?
How many maximum amount of insurgents and gendarmes were transported to Greece?
How many municipal elections did the opposition lose?
How many seats did the Prince's party lose?
How many seats did the opposition lose?
How many more seat's did the Prince's party win over the opposition?
How many years span these events,
What event happened first, the Great powers announcing a series of proposed reforms, or the Great Powers sending a mission to evaluate Crete's administration and finances.
What happened first, the Great Powers proposed reforms, or the legislative elections took place?
How many more assembly seats were won by the Prince's party in 1906?
Of 77 mayoral posts, how many were won by the ruling party?
Which happened last, the Fresh legislative elections or 1,000 insurgents and gendarmes were transported to Greece
How many months passed between when the Great Powers sent a mission to evaluate Crete's administration and finances and when the Great Powers sent a mission to evaluate Crete's administration and finances?
How many months after the Great Powers sent a mission to evaluate Crete's asministration and finances were fresh legislative elections held?
How many more available seats did the opposition party win in the first election over the second?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not some other race?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not Native American?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not from some other race?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic or Latino in 2000?
How many percent of people were not non-Hispanic whites in 2000?
How many percent of people were not non-Hispanic whites in 1970?
How many more percent of people were White than African American?
How many more percent of people were White than Asian?
Which two racial groups made up the largest percentages of the population?
Which two racial groups made up the smallest percentages of the population?
What was the smallest racial group?
What was the largest racial group?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Houston, were either solely White or solely African American?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Houston, did not belong to two or more races at the same time?
Which racial group made up a larger percentage of the population, Asian or American Indian?
Which racial group made up a larger percentage of the population, Asian or African American?
Which racial group made up a larger percentage of the population, White or Pacific Islander?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Houston, were not Hispanic of any race in 2000?
How many people, in terms of percentage of the population of Houston, were Hispanic Whites?
How many percent of people were not white?
How many percent of people were not African American?
How many percent of people were not Asian?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent of people were not American Indian?
How many percent of people were not Pacific Islander?
How many percent of people were not other races?
How many percent of people were not Hispanic?
Which has more people Africans or Asians?
Which has more people Asians or American Indians?
Which has more people whites or Asians?
How many yards long was the longest touchdown pass?
How many points did Atlanta score in total?
Which team won, Atlanta or Buccaneers?
Which team lost?
How many points were scored in the third quarter?
How many interceptions did Matt Ryan throw?
Which team won the game?
How many points did the Falcons win by?
How many total points were scored over the first two quarters of play?
How many touchdowns measured less than 10-yards in length?
How many touchdowns measured longer than 100-yards long?
How many defensive turnovers were completed during the game?
How many touchdowns measured between 1-yard and 20-yards in length?
What did the bears do on their first drive of the game?
Who missed a field goal in the first half?
What was the Bears longest play of the year?
How many field goals did Matt Prater kick?
How many yards did Connor Barth attempt in total during the game in field goals?
How many yards in successful field goals were kicked during the game?
How many points in total were scored?
What two players kicked field goals during the game?
How many successful field goals were made in the game?
Which team scored the most points in the game?
Who caught the first touchdown reception of the game?
Who scored the first rushing touchdown of the game?
How many points difference was there between the Dolphins field goal and the Patriots field goal?
Which team blocked a punt?
Who kicked the longest field goal?
How many TD run did Parker get?
How many yards was Roethlisberger's longest TD pass?
From what yard line were multiple touchdowns scored in the first half?
How many total yards of touchdowns were scored in the first half?
How many more yards in field goals were there compared to yards in touchdowns in the first half?
How many yards longer was Willie Parker's second touchdown compared to his first?
Who scored the most touchdowns in the first half?
Which players scored touchdowns in the first half?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 5 yards, but shorter than 10 yards?
How many yards long were the two shortest touchdowns?
How many touchdowns were scored longer than 10 yards, but shorter than 15 yards?
How many total yards in touchdowns did Hines Ward have?
From what yard lines were multiple touchdowns scored each?
How many total yards of field goals were made in the game?
How many yards longer was Jeff Reed's field goal than Kris Brown's field goal?
How many total yards of touchdown passes were made in the game?
How many total yards of touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger make?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many more total touchdown passing yards did Ben Roethlisberger have than Matt Schaub?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's longest touchdown pass than Matt Schaub's longest touchdown pass?
How many total yards of running touchdowns were made in the game?
How many 4-yard touchdown runs were in the game?
How many yards longer was the longest touchdown run than the shortest?
How many touchdowns of exactly 13 yards were there?
How many more yards was the first touchdown than the last?
How many field goals between 30 and 40 yards were made?
How many yards were all field goals combined?
What are the top two longest touchdown runs made?
What are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
How many yards combined are the two shortest touchdown passes made?
Which player threw more touchdown passes, Ben Roethlisberger or Matt Schaub?
How many more touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger make over Matt Schaub?
Which touchdown passes did Ben Roethlisberger make?
How many total yards did Ben Roethlisberger throw for touchdown passes?
How many yards longer was Ben Roethlisberger's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
Which players scored touchdown runs longer than 3 yards?
How many touchdown runs between 1 and 20 yards were made?
Which player threw the second shortest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown runs over 3 yards did Willie Parker make?
Which player scored the first touchdown of the game?
How many touchdowns did the Pittsburgh Steelers score in the second quarter?
How many touchdowns did Willie Parker score?
How many yards was the longest field goal?
How many touchdowns did the Pittsburgh Steelers score in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Willie Parker's second touchdown run compared to his first?
How many points did the Patriots lead by at halftime?
How many times had the 49ers lost in a row?
How many touchdowns did Trent Dilfer throw in the third quarter?
How many touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total touchdowns were scored in the game?
How many yards longer was Trent Dilfer's longest touchdown pass than his shortest?
How many touchdown passes did Vinny Testaverde throw?
How many yards was Vinny Testaverde's longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdowns were scored in the first half of the game?
How many field goals did John Kasay score in the first quarter?
Which player threw the first touchdown pass of the game?
How many yards was the shortest touchdown pass?
How many yards was the longest touchdown pass?
How many touchdown passes did Trent Dilfer throw in the third quarter?
How many yards longer was Trent Dilfer's second touchdown pass compared to his first?
How many touchdown passes longer than 1 yard did Trent Dilfer throw?
How many yards was the shortest field goal?
Which player threw the shortest touchdown pass?
Which players scored from one yard out?
How many touchdowns were there between 1 and 10 yards?
In which quarter was the only field goal?
In which quarters did only one team score?
In which half was there more touchdowns, the first half or the second half?
How many more touchdowns were there in the second half compared to the first half
Which quarterback had more touchdown passing yards?
How many touchdowns did Weeden throw?
How many carries did DeMarco Murray have?
How many points were scored in the game?
How many points did the Eagles lose by?
How many years was the time span Russian government spend $200 billion on development and production of military equipment?
How many more percentage points in grown is expected between 2015 and 2020?
Which does Russian MoD plan to purchase more of, corvettes or cruisers?
How many more helicopters does the Russian MoD plan to purchase compared to aircraft?
How many years long is the State Armament Programme?
How many military branches have a goal of achieving growth of modern equipment by 30%
In which year is the goal for growth of modern equipment for the army, navy and air force 70%, 2015 or 2020?
Of which are there places to purchase more of, ICBMs or aircraft?
How many more submarines are to be purchased than frigates?
Which did the Russian MoD plan to purchase more of, frigates or destroyers?
How many corvettes does the Russian MoD plan to purchase compared destroyers?
Which happened later, the outbreak of the Seven Years' War in Europe or the Battle of Wandiwash?
Which happened first, the Battle of Wandiwash or the signing of the Treaty of Paris?
Which happened later,  the Battle of Wandiwash or the capture of Chandernagore  by British forces?
How many years were inbetween the fall of Pondicherry and the signing of the Treaty of Paris?
What allowed the French to have "factories" in India?
Did the Third Carnatic War occur before or after the outbreak of the Seven Years' War?
How many years after the outbreak of the Seven Years' War did the Battle of Wandiwash occur?
How many years did the Seven Years' War in Europe last for?
when did the Seven Years War end?
What happened first: captured the French settlement or the Battle of Wandiwash?
What happened second: captured the French settlement or the Battle of Wandiwash?
What happened first: Pondicherry fell to the British or the Treaty of Paris?
What happened second: Pondicherry fell to the British or the Treaty of Paris?
By how many wins did the Panther's break their old franchise record of most games won in a regular season?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many more sacks did the Panthers have fumbles?
How many more sacks did the Panthers have interceptions?
How many more sacks than turnovers did the Panthers have?
How many more wins did the Panthers have over their 1996 season?
How many more housing units were there than households?
How many more people were there than families?
By how many more percentage points were there Germany people vs Americans?
Were there more German people residing in the country or people that identified as American as of the census of 2000?
How many more people spoke English than Spanish in the county, by percent?
How many more people spoke Spanish than German as their first language in the county as of the 2000 census, by percent
How many in percent from the census weren't German?
How many in percent from the census weren't American?
How many in percent from the census weren't English?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak English as their first language?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak Spanish as their first language?
How many in percent from the census didn't speak German as their first language?
Which first language spoken from the census is larger: English or Spanish?
Which first language spoken from the census is smaller: English or Spanish?
Which first language spoken from the census is larger: English or German?
Which first language spoken from the census is smaller: English or German?
Which first language spoken from the census is larger: Spanish or German?
Which first language spoken from the census is smaller: Spanish or German?
How many more people are there than households?
How many more people are there than families?
How many more people are there than housing units?
How many more households are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than families?
How many more housing units are there than households?
How many percent of people were not from 2 or more races?
How many percent were not  German?
How many percent were not  American?
How many percent were not  english?
How many percent did not speak English at home?
How many percent did not speak Spanish?
Where there more people or household?
Where there fewer households or families?
Where there more housing units or households?
How many more housing units were there than households?
Did more people identify as German or American?
Where there fewer people of English ancestry or German ancestry?
Which languages were spoken by more than 40% of the population?
Which races were identified by fewer than 10% of the population?
How many more percent of people spoke English as opposed to Spanish?
Which groups are at least 5500 in size?
Which groups are between 4000 and 5300 in size?
How many people and households are reported according to the census?
How many people and families are reported according to the census?
How many households and families are reported according to the census?
How many more people than households are reported according to the census?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or households?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or households?
Which group is larger according to the census: people or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: people or families?
Which group is larger according to the census: households or families?
Which group is smaller according to the census: households or families?
Which two nobles staged an uprising?
Where were Asen and Peter from?
How many years did the Second Bulgarian Empire exist for?
Who was the leader before Ivan Alexander?
How many years is the difference between the generally accepted date of Bulgaria's subjugation and the fringe view date?
How many years did the Second Bulgarian Empire last according to its generally accepted end date?
How did the Second Bulgarian Empire come into existence?
How many years were between the Ava and Mrauk U alliance and  the Taungoo forces from taking over Prome ?
What happened first, the fall of the Pagan Kingdom or the rise of King Tabinshwehti?
Which forces were defeated at Prome in 1542?
How many points did Denver score in the first quarter?
How many passes did Dallas Clark receive?
How many touchdowns did the Bears score before halftime?
Which player had the longest touchdown?
Who threw more touchdown passes, Manning or Cutler?
How many touchdown receptions did Dallas Clark catch?
How many rushing touchdowns were made by quarterbacks?
How many yards longer was Jason Elam's first field goal over his second?
Which player scored last in the game?
Which player scored the most touchdowns?
How many field goals over 30 yards were made?
How many years did the U.S. occupation of Haiti last?
How many months did it pass from the first invasion of the Haiti to the US occupation of Haiti?
How many years did the U.S.  occupation of Haiti  till US Marines departed?
How many years did the disengagement from Frankilin D Roosevelt until the last contingent of US marine departed Haiti last?
What happened first: US started occupying Haiti or US Marines departed?
What happened second: US started occupying Haiti or US Marines departed?
Who was president first: Wilson or Roosevelt?
Who was president second: Wilson or Roosevelt?
How many months passed between the invasion forces disembarking the USS Montana and the occupation beginning?
How many days passed between the invasion forces disembarking the USS Montana and the occupation of Haiti beginning?
How many years did the occupation last?
How many years after Roosevelt reaffirmed the disengagement did the occupation end?
How many days after the occupation ended did the last Marines depart?
How many years after the invasion forces disembarked the USS Montana did the occupation end?
What day was the Treaty of Labiau signed?
How many soldiers, led by Rákóczi, crossed into the commonwealth in January 1657?
Which treaty occured last the Treaty of Labiau or the Treaty of Radnot?
How many men total did Rakoczi bring with him?
Whih was signed first, the Treaty of Labiau or the Treaty of Radnot?
How many days passed between the signing of the Treaty of Labiau and the Treaty of Radnot?
How many months after the Treaty of Labiau did Rákóczi enter the war?
Did Rákócz have more Transylvanian-Wallachian-Moldavian men or more Cossacks?
How many more Transylvanian-Wallachian-Moldavian men were there than Cossacks among Rákóczi's troops?
Which happened first, the capture of Brest or the sack of Warsaw?
What occurred first, the Truce of Vilna  or the capture of Brest?
What year was the Treaty of Labiau signed?
What year was the Treaty of Radnot signed?
Which was first, the capture of Brest or the sack of Warsaw?
Which came first, the Treaty of Labiau or the Treaty of Radnot?
How many days after the sack of Warsaw was the Battle of Walk?
How many months passed after the US recognized Armenia's independence and when the US opened an embassy there?
Which happened last, the Freedom for Russia and Emerging Eurasian Democracies and Open Markets Support Act or the Millennium Challenge Compact?
How many more percent of Armenians approved of U.S. leadership than disapproved?
How many years passed from the time The United States recognized the independence of Armenia to when the agreement entered into force?
How many months passed from when the US recognized Armenia and then opened an embassy there?
Which was signed last the Freedom for Russia and Emerging Eurasian Democracies and Open Markets Support Act or the Millennium Challenge Compact?
According to the Millennium Challenge Compact, what year will be the last year that the US gives money to Armenia to reduce rural poverty/
How many percentage of Armenians either approve of America or are uncertain?
How many months did it take after recognizing Armenian independence for the US to open an embassy?
How many months did it take the Millennium Challenge Compact to go into effect?
How many years passed between the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the opening of the embassy in Yerevan?
Which happened first, the dissolution of the Soviet Union or the Open Markets Support Act?
Which happened first, the Millenium Challenge Compact with the United States or the independence of Armenia?
How many Armenians were not part of those who approve of U.S. leadership, in percentage?
How many months after the US recognized the independence of Armenia did it then open an embassy in the capital city of Armenia, Yerevan?
how many yards did moncrief pass?
how many yards did did schuster pass?
how many yards did McDonald pass?
How many points did both teams score in the first quarter?
How many field goals did the Steelers make before the half?
Which team scored the least in the fourth quarter?
How many field goals did Boswell kick in the fourth quarter?
Which player gave the Steelers their first TD?
How many yards was the second-longest field goal?
How many yards was the second-longest touchdown?
How many total points were scored in the second half?
How many total points were scored in the game?
How many points were scored in the first half of the game?
How many points were scored in the second half of the game?
How many points did the Steelers win the game by?
How many points were the Colts leading by at the end of the first half?
How many of the touchdowns were passing touchdowns?
How many yards was the longest passing touchdown?
How many yards longer was the longest passing touchdown than the shortest?
How many 7-yard touchdown passes were in the game?
How many total field goals were in the game?
How many yards was Chris Boswell's longest field goal?
How many yards longer was Chris Boswell's longest field goal than his shortest?
How many years after the Polish king was expelled did Lacy's corps take the fortress of Çufut Qale?
Which happened first, the expulsion of Stanislaw I, or the beseige of Danzig?
