Prayers are requested for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan.
Prayers are requested for a 22-month-old boy who accidentally shot himself with a nail gun.
Glen Eagles hospital issued an urgent warning because seven women have died after sniffing perfume samples received in the mail. 
A tornado carried a mobile home for 130 miles and left its occupants unharmed.
Louise Rosealma was photographed holding an explosive device made from a glass bottle before she was punched by Nathan Damigo.
An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a snake oil salesman named 'Trump' who promised to build a wall in order to prevent the end of the world.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he's amazed a Hawaiian judge “sitting on an island in the Pacific' can block executive orders.
Rocker Ted Nugent evaded the draft in the 1960s by taking drugs and acting crazy.
Alabama just brought back racial segregation in schools.
A photograph showing a group of astronauts without their helmets on indicates that the moon landing was staged.
A 31-year-old Cincinnati woman was taken to the hospital after the 14-month-old toddler she was babysitting got stuck in her vaginal cavity.
Photograph shows an airplane shot down by Native Americans using wooden arrows.
Vice President Mike Pence said, “What the American people need is not more health care. What we need is more Jesus care.”
A screenshot of a Saudi news story showing Germany's leader with pixelated hair is a hoax.
A student with a concealed handgun stopped a mass stabbing at the University of Texas.
Restaurant workers at Smithfield's Chicken & Barbeque Jones Sausage in Raleigh sang “fuck the police” at visiting officers.
U.S. President George Washington had wooden teeth.
Police have officially approved a series of steps you can take to avoid criminal charges when breaking a window to save a dog or baby from a hot car. 
Samantha Bee's husband, Jason Jones, is fighting to keep poor people out of the school his children attend.
Code Pink member Desiree Fairooz was prosecuted for disorderly conduct after she laughed during Attorney General Jeff Sessions's confirmation hearing.
The “Blue Whale” suicide game has been responsible for more than 130 suicides in Russia.
A young boy named Dakota was air lifted to the hospital after having a seizure. 
Jimmy John Liautaud, the owner of Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches, is a big game hunter.
Melania Trump “liked” a tweet that poked fun at her relationship with her husband, President Donald Trump.
Photographs taken from a yacht show the formation of an island via a volcanic eruption at sea. 
President Trump “vetoed” Argentina's decision to honor Jimmy Carter in April 2017.
An image shows an anti-fascist protester duct-taped to an electrical box by neo-Nazis.
President Trump offered asylum to Russian Jehovah's Witnesses.
A photograph depicts a Six Flags roller coaster under floodwaters in St. Louis in May 2017.
Bill Nye said that gender is determined “by your chromosomes” during an episode of “Bill Nye the Science Guy.”
A photograph shows a woman wearing a sign reading 'My Legs Are Open for Refugees.'
A video shows a car driving through a crowd of anti-Trump protesters on the highway.
Facebook users can receive a $5,000 cash reward from Bill Gates for clicking a share link.
A 23-year-old Florida university student was arrested for marijuana possession and coerced into acting as an informant; she was subsequently murdered by drug dealers who discovered she was wearing a wire. 
Action star Dolph Lundgren has multiple scientific degrees.
Keanu Reeves overcame a series of tragic events in his life, before and after becoming a wealthy movie star. 
A Tennessee boy died in the arms of a local man portraying Santa Claus during a hospital visit. 
Article details efforts of John Glenn's wife to overcome stuttering. 
Inspirational Internet postings recount the high and low points in the life of KFC founder Colonel Harland Sanders. 
A patron paid the restaurant tab for seven different families and left his server a $1,500 tip at a Denny's. 
Temple Baptist Church was built on land sold for fifty-seven cents, the amount saved by a little girl who had been turned away from its Sunday school. 
Did a holy man disguise himself as homeless in order to test the compassion of his congregation? 
 Message describes the Hoyts, a father and disabled son who participate as a team in marathons.
 The father of Alexander Fleming, the discoverer of penicillin, saved a young Winston Churchill from drowning, and in gratitude Churchill's father paid for Fleming's education.
Casey Anthony is pregnant with twins and hoping to star in a reality TV show.
The Supreme Court ordered the Smithsonian Institution to disclose that it destroyed several giant skeletons in the early 1900s to preserve the mainstream narrative of evolution. 
Timberland's CEO said he doesn't want black people to wear Timberland boots.
The creator of Breaking Bad announced the series will return for a sixth season.
A woman was arrested after police discovered she was killing her neighbors' cats to make fur coats from them.
A daughter expressed her not-so-warm feelings about her deceased mother by running a scathing and caustic obituary. 
The SS Cotopaxi has been discovered by the Cuban Coast Guard 90 years after it vanished in the Bermuda Triangle.
Orson Welles' 30 October 1938 radio adaptation of “The War of the Worlds” caused mass hysteria, convincing thousands of panicked listeners across North America that Earth was being attacked by Mars.
Actress Betty White has died.
Donald Trump personally sent out an airplane to bring home U.S. military members stranded in Florida.
The body of a homeless man found in San Diego has been identified as that of Elvis Presley.
The Wall Street Journal ran a Donald Trump story with different headlines in different markets in order to sway voters. 
Activists are lighting their homes red to show solidarity for the anti-gun movement. 
Facebook routinely suppresses conservative news in favor of liberal content. 
Bruce Springsteen cancelled a show in Greensboro, North Carolina, over the state's so-called 'bathroom law.'
 Jack Benny arranged to have a single red rose sent to his wife every day after he was gone.
 A doctor operated for free on a girl who years earlier had given him a glass of milk.
Account by Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin describes his taking Communion on the moon. 
 Mr. and Mrs. Leland Stanford decided to found their own university after being rebuffed by Harvard's president.
 A child who wrote to God about her deceased pet received a kind letter and a book to help her with her bereavement in response.
A video shows a monkey that was severely injured at a L'Oreal cosmetics testing facility.
Kissing bugs in the U.S. have been found to carry a disease-causing parasite. 
Female praying mantises always eat the heads of their mates after copulating. 
A man was killed by an elephant he mistook for one he had aided years earlier. 
Farmers feed their cattle candy, such as Skittles.
A photograph shows two men standing next to a dog who had its ears cut off.
More than 30,000 cows froze to death during a winter storm because farmers could not be bothered to take care of their animals.
The federal government passed a law permitting police officers to shoot dogs if they bark or move. 
A baby was eaten by giant rats in South Africa.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) “rescued” a number of lobsters headed to dinner plates before promptly killing them all by releasing them into lethal freshwater in Nebraska. 
A viral video shows a man punching a kangaroo in the face to save his dog.
Filmmakers staged lemming death scenes for the Disney nature documentary White Wilderness.
Michael Kors uses fur from dogs that were skinned alive in manufacturing the brand's products. 
Bees have been classified as an endangered species. 
Radiation from the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster has caused 100% infant mortality among orca whales.
A popular dish in China called “Three Squeaks” involves eating live mice.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM) has voted to euthanize 44,000 wild horses. 
CNN aired a story about a university student who discovered a “diet hack” involving apple cider vinegar.
Aerial spraying of an insecticide targeting Zika-carrying mosquitoes in South Carolina resulted in the deaths of millions of bees. 
“Refried beans” are beans that have been fried more than once.
Photographs show a banana that has been injected with human blood in order to spread HIV.
The cut of steak known as “sirloin” is so named because an English king once knighted a piece of beef.
Photographs show a rare strain of blue strawberries.
The “Naked” line of juices and smoothies contain the toxic preservative formaldehyde.
Three additives in peanut butter cups, soy lecithin, PGPR, and TBHQ, are inherently dangerous and should be avoided.
Eating Takis brand corn chips causes ulcers and cancer in children.
Eating farm-raised tilapia and other fish from China is dangerous. 
Evolution Fresh brand cold-pressed juices and smoothies are 'poison.'
A video shows worms found by a consumer inside the candy wrappers of Ferrero Rocher chocolates.
Wheaties cereal sticks to magnets because it has metal flakes. 
Symbols embossed on the exterior surfaces of Oreo cookies link the product to the alleged conspiratorial activities of the Knights Templar and Freemasons.
McDonald's has a burger filled with Nutella. 
A Swedish woman found a long-lost wedding ring in her carrot garden. 
Consumers should be aware of plastic rice from China that is difficult to discern from “real rice.” 
Coconut oil has a positive effect on cognition and focus.
 Bill Gates explains to a waiter why he left a much smaller tip than his son did.
 Cleveland Indians second baseman Joe Gordon deliberately struck out to prevent rookie Larry Doby from looking bad during his first at-bat.
 Contestants in a Special Olympics race linked arms and crossed the finish line together.
The melody known as 'Taps' was found in the pocket of a dying boy on a Civil War battlefield. 
 New York mayor Fiorello La Guardia once took over a courtroom and charged everyone present 50¢ to pay the fine of an old woman accused of shoplifting a loaf of bread.
Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious.
A secret tape recorded aboard the doomed space shuttle Challenger captured the final panic-stricken moments of the crew.
Hiding finely-ground glass in food is an effective method for killing a person.
The spiral stairway at Santa Fe's Loretto Chapel miraculously stands despite having no discernable means of support. 
There is a faceless, semi-human monster called Slenderman who stands eight feet tall, has tentacles for arms, stalks and eats small children, and communicates telepathically with his human servants, called “proxies.”
Raggedy Ann dolls were created by a grief-stricken father who lost his daughter to a vaccine-related illness, and who wished to broadcast the risks of vaccination. 
Parents should keep any eye out for drug-laced Gummy bears and ecstasy (MDMA) disguised as Halloween candy being distributed to trick-or-treaters. 
Photograph shows two men who each lost an arm in a grisly tug-of-war contest. 
A “killer clown” left a note at an elementary school threatening that “kids will die” if Halloween is not cancelled.
A video captures a large spider that survived inside a banana until it burst out of the peel by its own power.
A photograph taken by a responding police officer shows a couple passed out in their vehicle from a suspected heroin overdose, with their child in the back seat.
A young woman named Elisa Lam disappeared under mysterious circumstances in Los Angeles, her body later found in a hotel's water tank. 
A Toronto lawyer demonstrating the safety of window panes in a skyscraper plunged through a window to his death. 
An ISIS attack claimed seven lives in a U.S. town. 
 Little Mikey of LIFE cereal fame died from the explosive effects of mixing Pop Rocks candy with soda pop.
Schoolkids are smoking and injecting crushed bedbugs to get high from a hallucinogenic substance they contain. 
The gender of a bell pepper can be identified by counting its lobes. 
Russian president Vladimir Putin slammed Western countries for using GMOs and vaccines that slow evolution.
New research suggests that Marmite helps combat premature ejaculation.
Snacks marketed to children are heavily laden with ingredients that cause cancer.
Most canned pumpkin isn't actually pumpkin, but a mixture of other squashes (including butternut).
A woman discovered that her infant's powdered Similac formula was infested with maggots. 
Smithfield Foods was sold to a Chinese company, and China will be slaughtering and processing hogs raised in the U.S. and shipping them back to America. 
The popular Gummi Bears (and similar fruit-flavored candies) are made with carnauba wax, the same ingredient that is found in car polish. 
You should avoid eating green potatoes because they are poisonous.
A customer found a deep-fried rat head in a Popeyes Chicken meal in Harlem.
Krispy Kreme is giving free doughnuts to anyone who talks or dresses like a pirate on 19 September 2016.
A Kentucky food stamp recipient has more than $5,000 in unused food stamp benefits and is thus abusing the system.
The FDA said Frosted Flakes are healthier than avocados. 
Red Bull and other brands of energy drinks contain bull semen. 
Cheez-It brand crackers contain the preservative TBHQ, which is made from butane and is dangerous to consume.
Posting a legal notice on your Facebook wall will protect you from having all your Facebook posts made public. 
Greg Comer is battling cancer.
Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts. 
Facebook soon plans to charge fees to users of the social network. 
Mark Zuckerberg is giving $1,000 away to Facebook users who refrain from sharing hoaxes.
Singer Miley Cyrus drowned in a bathtub due to a prescription drug overdose.
Twitter is shutting down in 2017 due to cyberbullying.
WhatsApp Gold is a premium service offered by WhatsApp.
A man deleted his entire company with one line of code. 
Facebook has not one, but two filtered message inboxes where Messenger messages may not be easily seen. 
The “Be Like Bill” Facebook craze exposes users to malware and/or was borne of nefarious intent. 
A driver in Las Vegas shouted “Allahu Akbar” as she deliberately struck multiple pedestrians with her vehicle, and police have been instructed to suppress that detail of the story. 
 NFL quarterback Tim Tebow was born when his mother declined to undergo an abortion after experiencing a life-threatening illness during her pregnancy.
 Concentration camp survivor is coincidentally reunited years later with a girl who secretly helped feed him.
 Paul Harvey essay provides a list of things he wished for his listeners.
Pouring Coca-Cola onto a piece of raw pork will cause worms to come crawling out of the meat. 
A veterinary pathologist testified that being immersed in a can of Mountain Dew would turn a mouse into a “jelly-like” substance. 
 Substituting Diet Coke for regular Coca-Cola in a popular ham recipe can cause an explosion.
 The soft drinks Coca-Cola and Pepsi used as pesticides by farmers in India.
 Coca-Cola was originally green.
 A university student who drank too many Cokes died from carbon dioxide poisoning.
 Coca-Cola came to be bottled when a stranger sold a remarkable two-word idea to the company: “Bottle it.”
 Coca-Cola spiked with MSG is an aphrodisiac or soporific.
 Fanta was invented by the Nazis.
 Several social media networks have announced they will be banning users who post images of the Confederate flag.
Production of Coors Light beer has been halted due the brew's being contaminated with cocaine.
 Senator Ted Cruz claimed flooding in Texas was caused by Native American rain dances.
 A death row inmate was released from prison after two execution attempts failed.
 A 600-pound Australian woman gave birth to a 40-pound baby.
 Singer Justin Bieber will be replacing the late actor Paul Walker in the Fast and Furious film series.
Caitlyn Jenner regrets transitioning to female and wishes to de-transition. 
 The Costco chain will soon be selling bulk marijuana in their Washington stores.
A photograph shows a praying mantis after it killed a hummingbird. 
Eagles extend their lifespans by removing their beaks, talons, and feathers in order to grow new ones. 
A farmer who attempted to rope a deer described the hilariously painful experience. 
The red-bellied pacu, an invasive species related to the piranha but with human-like teeth, is known to have bitten off men's testicles, killing at least two victims. 
A machine used to skin dogs is manufactured and sold by Samsung.
Bees are born fully grown. 
The yolks of flamingo eggs are a bright pink color. 
A photograph shows a man posing with a horse he killed in Australia with a bow and arrow.
Hanging plastic bags filled with water will repel flies. 
Florida beaches have been invaded with “sea lice.” 
A male penguin searches an entire beach for the “perfect pebble” to lay at the feet of his chosen female penguin. 
A mounted policeman's horse had its leg broken by protesters during anti-Trump demonstrations. 
A bison calf was euthanized at Yellowstone National Park after well-meaning tourists put it in their car to keep it warm. 
People can fly with dogs, pot-bellied pigs, turkeys, monkeys, and miniature horses if they claim that their pets are emotional support animals.
Photographs and videos show a pair of gay lions having sex. 
The dairy industry invented a new way to abuse cows, and is now cutting holes in them to improve milk production. 
People are being victimized by scammers who call and ask “Can you hear me?” and record the “yes” response in order to use it to authorize fake charges.
Dunkin' Donuts is distributing a coupon via Facebook to people who complete a short series of steps. 
Americans can use their birth certificates to access secret “strawman” funds. 
The Women's March on Washington is tallying attendees by asking them to text “COUNT ME” to 89800. 
Oprah and Tyler Perry have teamed up for a big-ticket Facebook giveaway. 
The new supplement InteliGEN can boost brain function. 
An online coupon offers shoppers $90 off any purchase in a Food Lion grocery store. 
The discovery of a vaccine for the autoimmune disease diabetes has been announced.
 Jordan Embry is giving away thousands of dollars to people who like his Facebook page.
 A dying child was made an honorary fireman by the Phoenix Fire Department.
 A less-abled boy hits a home run because the boys he's playing with let him win the game.
 A dying Erma Bombeck penned a list of misprioritizations she'd come to regret.
 Tenor José Carreras recovered from leukemia with the assistance of a foundation secretly started by his bitter rival, Plácido Domingo.
 Illegitimate child grows up to become Governor of Tennessee.
 Mel Gibson was the inspiration for the film The Man Without a Face.
 During a hospital visit, President George W. Bush saluted an Army officer who had been badly injured during the September 11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon.
 Pilot of a disabled bomber goes down with the plane to comfort a gunner who is trapped in the turret.
A photograph shows a 'water bending' squirrel.
An image shows marijuana plants growing in potholes in Portland, Oregon.
A video shows black stones raining from the sky in Sinop, Turkey.
A video shows a real sea roach.
An image shows the ghost of Paul Walker on the set of the eighth movie in “The Fast and the Furious” franchise.
A photograph shows a real hammerhead salamander.
 A customer who picks up some fried chicken from a fast food outlet discovers that an unusual-tasting piece is actually a batter-fried rat.
 A good samaritan warns a female driver about the armed and dangerous man hiding in the back seat of her car.
 Photograph shows a man eating a dead baby served at an Asian restaurant.
 Drug dealers use hollowed-out bodies of dead children to smuggle cocaine into the U.S.
 Black and white caterpillars cause severe allergic reactions in people who touch them.
 Image depicts a toddler who was electrocuted after playing with an electrical cord.
Account describes the horrific results of a “Russian Sleep Experiment” from the late 1940s. 
 Coca-Cola is an effective contraceptive.
 Kids are rubbing Burt's Bees lip balm on their eyelids to get high.
 A tooth left in a glass of Coca-Cola will dissolve overnight.
 Coca-Cola became a carbonated drink when a soda jerk accidentally mixed Coca-Cola syrup with soda water.
 Coca-Cola halted production of its flagship beverage in 1985 and introduced New Coke in its place as a marketing ploy to combat declining market share and rekindle interest in the original drink.
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine.
Chinese restaurants in one of South Africa's capital cities are now allowed to sell dog meat.
The FBI is warning all Americans of produce sprayed with poison.
The Burger King fast food chain “admitted it has been selling burgers that contain horsemeat.”
A Harvard study proved instant noodles and ramen can cause irreversible damage to your body.
In June 2016, Michigan residents lost the “right to farm,” keep chickens, or maintain bee hives due to a change in existing law. 
A customer found live worms in a sealed Little Debbie Oatmeal Pie. 
Kellogg's is adding traces of peanut flour to its products. 
Cocktails are a wholly American invention, popularized by Prohibition. 
You can microwave an ear of corn to make popcorn. 
There are small worms in bags of Lipton tea. 
Israel has banned the sale of Heinz brand ketchup, partially due to the product's use of GMO-derived ingredients. 
Several widely-available cheeses are partially made from wood. 
A customer found maggots inside a new jar of Bertolli tomato sauce. 
Produce in California (namely tangerines) is being grown in toxic wastewater from oil company fracking activities. 
A couple on crystal meth ate parts of a homeless person.
Lawmakers “slipped” the repeal of county of origin labeling for meat into the December 2015 Omnibus Appropriations Bill. 
Ferrero Rocher chocolates are commonly filled with maggots as depicted by a viral video. 
 A portrait of Abraham Lincoln was removed from the White House to make way for a picture of the Obamas' pet dogs.
An Oklahoma City McDonald's outlet was caught with horse meat and human meat in their freezers. 
 Six college students were arrested after they released piranhas into the Great Lakes.
The body of a homeless man found behind a Jamaica fast food restaurant was identified as that of Bob Marley.
A scientist missing for over 20 years was found living in a secret drug lab in a Minnesota couple's basement.
 A Purina employee was arrested and charged with theft for stealing and eating $30,000 worth of dog biscuits.
 12-year-old CJ Pearson was suspended from Facebook because he criticized President Obama.
 A review of Facebook Active Sessions will reveal unauthorized users currently accessing one's Facebook account.
 Your online service is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don't forward or repost a particular message:
 Price-Look Up (PLU) code stickers on vegetables and fruit are edible.
 Cheap soy sauce is made from the hair of Chinese convicts.
 You can easily identify garlic imported from China due to its lack of visible roots.
 A new study determined that hot dogs contain human DNA, and vegetarian versions contain meat.
Chinese plants are processing chickens raised by Tyson in the U.S. and shipping them back to America.
 Cups of instant noodles pose a danger to consumers due to their wax linings.
Baby carrots are not made from deformed full-sized carrots that have been soaked in chlorine. 
 37 million bees died after a large GMO cornfield was planted in Ontario, Canada.
 FEMA is hiring Hurricane Sandy cleanup crews in New Jersey.
Prolonged sexual arousal in men without an ejaculation can cause pain, a condition colloquially referred to as “blue balls”.
 Woman sells her partner's expensive new car for $50 after he runs off with a younger woman.
 A young man on a date messes his pants, buys new pants, throws old pants away, then discovers his shopping bag contains a sweater instead of pants.
 Careless e-mail forward reveals embarrassing dating details.
 Young man tries to distract his date's parents from his dinnertime faux pas by inadvertently calling their attention to an even more embarrassing situation.
 National Geographic magazine ran an article about a mother bird who sacrificed herself to protect her chicks from a forest fire.
 Description of how laundry was done in bygone days imparts “count your blessings” message.
 The Corporate Angel Network, an organization that coordinates free air travel for cancer patients, began when Coca-Cola executives arranged for the U.S. Navy's Blue Angels to fly a liver from San Diego to Houston in time for transplant into a little girl.
 Cartoonist Charles Schulz designed a quiz to demonstrate the importance of having people who care about you.
The date of Earth Day was chosen as April 22 by the Unicorn Killer to coincide with Vladimir Lenin's birthday.
The federal holiday observed in the United States on the third Monday of February is officially designated as “Presidents' Day.”
The modern image of Santa Claus was created by the Coca-Cola Company. 
Candy canes were created as Christian symbols representing the blood and purity of Jesus. 
The term “Black Friday” originated with the practice of selling off slaves on the day after Thanksgiving. 
A tradition of celebrating Veterans Day with ravioli dinners was initiated by President Woodrow Wilson in 1919. 
Sweden has discontinued the tradition of adorning street poles with Christmas lights to avoid angering Muslim refugees. 
 A photograph shows a sign from a Nordstrom department store stating that they won't be “decking the halls” until after Thanksgiving.
A video shows a member of a lost Indonesian pygmy tribe on a dirt bike trail in Aceh.
An x-ray image shows a live cockroach in a patient's chest in Zimbabwe.
A set of photographs accurately depict the number of New England Patriots players in attendance at a White House ceremony in 2015 and 2017.
A photograph shows Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor leaning against a tree.
A Cleveland-area Fox affiliate described local murder suspect Steve Stephens as “dark white.”
Photograph captures United Airlines passengers wearing protective crash helmets.
Nabisco has announced the release of a 'Graeter's Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip' flavor of Oreo Cookies.
An airliner was saved by a pickup truck after its landing gear malfunctioned.
A video shows a huge detonation in Afghanistan in April 2017.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order to buy all of his daughter Ivanka's Chametz.
Southwest Airlines changed their slogan to capitalize on the public relations misfortunes of competitor United Airlines.
An image shows a 'Blood of Jesus on the Cross' flower that only blooms during Holy Week.
A photograph shows Donald Trump with a diarrhea stain on his golf pants.
An image shows the heavily armed officers of United Airlines' Special Seating and Apparel Division.
Scientists are stumped by a photograph taken by the Hubble Telescope, and some believe it shows “the gates of heaven.”
Photographs show the figure of an astronaut carved into the wall of a 12th century Spanish cathedral.
A man was burned to death attempting to rescue his dog from a boiling hot spring.
 Madmen are injecting HIV-infected blood into unsuspecting moviegoers and random young people dancing in bars or at raves.
 Excessive LSD use left a young man in a psychiatric hospital, believing himself to be a glass of orange juice.
 Improperly stored or discarded 9-volt batteries can touch off house fires.
Police have documented cases of people randomly distributing poisoned goodies to children on Halloween.
 A vacationing man discovered that increasing pain he was experiencing was due to a tropical spider's living under his skin.
 Halloween hanging stunts goes wrong and hangs a man for real.
Temptations cat treats are causing renal failure in cats. 
A video shows a surfer being towed by a great white shark. 
 Tidy Cats Lightweight cat litter is causing respiratory distress in cats.
 A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Bravecto brand Flea and tick remedy is dangerous to dogs. 
 Fisherman on Réunion Island employ live dogs as bait for shark-fishing.
 Frontline Plus brand flea and tick remedy can cause serious adverse reactions in dogs.
 Canine Carry Outs dog treats contain anti-freeze and are dangerous to dogs.
Giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day is likely to cause your pet to die from bloating and spasms. 
 “Love bugs” are the result of a genetic experiment gone wrong at the University of Florida.
 Animals are fleeing Yellowstone Park, an indicator that a supervolcano eruption is imminent.
 The red dye commonly used in nectar for backyard feeders is harmful to hummingbirds.
Conservationists recently announced that the western black rhino has become extinct. 
 Raisins and grapes can be harmful to dogs.
Yoko Ono confirmed that she had an affair with Hillary Clinton in the 1970s. 
Senator Dianne Feinstein said “when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in, that's human nature.”
A new tranquilizer dart gun on the market is designed to put children to sleep. 
Two people in Florida were arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven. 
 Television journalist Geraldo Rivera was born Jerry Rivers but changed his name to appeal to Latino viewers.
 The Nevada Athletic Commission has voided Floyd Mayweather's boxing victory over Manny Pacquiao.
 The Ku Klux Klan has endorsed Dr. Ben Carson for President.
 Gideons International sent 100,000 paperback Bibles to Nepal as a form of earthquake disaster relief.
Billionaire David Rockefeller received his sixth heart transplant at the advanced age of 99.
 The Supreme Court has ruled that police can no longer stop, speak to, or look at any member of the public.
 Kristen Bell is the most tattooed actress in Hollywood, with more than 200 facial and body tattoos.
Facebook is removing coupon and coupon-sharing groups from their network. 
 Facebook has instituted a campaign banning marijuana-related posts and threatened to terminate the accounts of repeat offenders.
 Video shows 'goodbye' message recorded by Robin Williams just prior to his suicide.
The Facebook 'Identify TV and Music' app spies on users by listening to and recording sounds through their phones, and uses ambient conversation to tailor advertising. 
 C++ designer Bjarne Stroustrup admitted in an interview that he developed the language solely to create high-paying jobs for programmers.
 Actor Dwayne Johnson died filming a stunt for Fast & Furious 7.
 The FDA admitted in 2015 that 70% of chickens sold for food in the U.S. contain cancer-causing arsenic.
Nabisco is issuing Spam-flavored Oreos.
 Kraft cheese won't ever melt, even at high temperatures.
 The lines on red Solo cups are markings to designate serving sizes of various kinds of alcohol.
Keurig coffee maker users are at risk because the machines are prone to growth of mold, algae, and bacteria. 
The FDA has banned the sale of grape-flavored ice cream in the U.S. due to pet-related hazards. 
Numeric PLU codes used on produce stickers identify how food products were grown. 
 Gel balls have been found in the Gerber brand of Puffs baby snacks.
 Escape artist Harry Houdini died from a ruptured appendix caused by his being punched in the stomach.
 A circus dwarf bounced sideways off a trampoline and was swallowed by a hippopotamus.
 Thieves steal what they believe to be cocaine but what is in reality the cremated remains of the householder's relative.
 Clown statue that spooked a babysitter turns out to be a knife-wielding intruder hiding in the house.
 An inattentive janitor caused several deaths in a South African hospital when she unplugged patients' life support systems to plug in her floor polisher.
 A Houston doctor was decapitated by a malfunctioning elevator.
 The venomous 'two-striped telamonia' spider lurks beneath toilet seats in public restrooms.
 Woman takes revenge on her cheating husband by advertising his infidelities on a billboard.
 Woman who demands her photo back from her boyfriend receives a box of pictures with instructions to pick hers out and return the rest.
 Rental car company's return of client's forgotten personal property leads to discovery of affair.
 The jilted wife of the owner of Home Depot created the Lowe's chain of home improvement stores.
 A young lady on a date breaks wind in private . . . only to find out it wasn't so private after all.
 A cheating wife's attempt explain away the mink coat given to her by a lover goes awry.
 A woman gets her own back on the fellow who sent her a brush-off e-mail by circulating his note far and wide.
Clint Eastwood received “tragic news” and was subjected to “heavy insults” because of his new movie.
Ayn Rand said, “The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.”
Instagram model Kristyna Martelli underwent 100 elective cosmetic medical procedures, and died during a surgery in April 2017.
Actor Jeff Goldblum has a food truck called “Chef Goldblum's.”
A stuntman was killed during the filming of the chariot race scene in the 1959 version of 'Ben-Hur' and that his death was left in the final cut.
President Donald Trump and his family will be the subjects of an upcoming reality show.
Entering your PIN in reverse at any ATM will automatically summon the police. 
The 1990s movie “Shazaam” starred comedian Sinbad as a genie. 
The cast of M*A*S*H did not learn of Col. Blake's death until they were actually filming the scene in which it was announced. 
Retail chain Nordstrom filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after Scott Baio boycotts.
An image shows two Disney animated characters sharing the studio's first same-sex kiss.
Lady Gaga's halftime performance at the 2017 Super Bowl took the form of a Satanic ritual.
During the Beatles' first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show, crime rates plummeted all over the U.S. 
The briefcase retrieved by Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield in the film Pulp Fiction contained the soul of their boss, Marsellus Wallace.
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson has announced a presidential bid.
Samuel Adams has produced HeliYum, a helium-infused brand of beer. 
 New Year's is the day of the year on which the greatest number of people are killed in automobile accidents.
The character 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer' was created by a father to bring comfort to his daughter as her mother was dying of cancer. 
 All the reindeer that pull Santa's sleigh are female.
NORAD annually tracks Santa's progress because a child trying to reach Santa via a newspaper advertisement called the wrong phone number. 
 The opening line of the Christmas carol “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen” means “God make you mighty, gentlemen.”
 Jingle Bells was written as a Christmas song.
 The Monday after Thanksgiving is the busiest online shopping day of the year in the U.S.
Facebook is barring users from posting images of nativity scenes. 
 The day after Thanksgiving is the biggest shopping day of the year in the U.S.
 German and British front-line soldiers sang carols, exchanged gifts, and played soccer during a World War I Christmas truce.
The New York Yankees adopted pinstriped uniforms in an effort to disguise Babe Ruth's girth. 
Before Super Bowl XXII in 1988, a reporter asked Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams, “How long have you been a black quarterback?”
Chapecoense, the soccer team which lost 19 players in a plane crash, was fined for forfeiting their final match.
Future Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was once given a tryout by the Washington Senators baseball team. 
NFL players did not stand for the national anthem until the Defense Dept. started paying the league to stage patriotic displays in 2009. 
A list of coincidences connecting the number 108 to the Chicago Cubs world series victory in 2016 is accurate. 
The 1987 film Back to the Future II correctly predicted that the Florida Marlins would win the 1997 World Series and that the Cubs would play Florida in the 2015 World Series. 
Usain Bolt donated $10 million and Shakira donated $15 million to help rebuild Haiti after Hurricane Matthew. 
Controversial San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has worn socks depicting police officers as pigs. 
The NFL fined players for violating league uniform rules by wearing 9/11 memorial cleats during football games played on 11 September 2016. 
The former Florida representative and wrote an angry column about 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick on his personal blog.
At a press conference, NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick wore a T-shirt bearing photos of Malcolm X and communist dictator Fidel Castro. 
U.S. Gymnastics coaches Bela and Marta Karolyi were illegal immigrants. 
List of double entrendres collects “the top nine comments made by NBC sports commentators during the Summer Olympics.” 
Photographs show the place where two oceans meet in the Gulf of Alaska.
In August 1997, the Baltimore Orioles deliberately created a lighting malfunction before a game to keep Cal Ripken's consecutive game streak intact. 
A video shows dozens of Muslims being tortured in Burma.
An ancient underground city was discovered beneath Cades Cove.
A photograph shows a man posing with a bear that he killed while it was hibernating, an act made legal by the passage of a new law.
A photograph shows a humorous sign warning people not to cross a field due to the presence of a bull.
A photograph shows two great white sharks swimming in the Mississippi River.
A photograph shows Melania Trump posing in front of a jet while pregnant.
Paul Ryan said that he would not stop until he destroyed health care in America.
American political consultant Roger Stone has a tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back.
Sending cash through the U.S. mail is illegal. 
An Image depicts a fatal collision involving a Chevy Suburban that recklessly merged ahead of a tractor-trailer, resulting in the death of an infant. 
Images show several large topiary cats created by a retiree and artist named John Brooker.
A video shows Dutch politician Tunahan Kuzu putting a grilled cheese in his pocket before an interview.
 A girl killed herself after her father posted something awful on her Facebook wall.
 The Facebook “Look Back” mini-movie function is the work of a hacker.
Actor Vin Diesel has died. 
 Will Smith has died during surgery following an accident.
 Facebook is blocking links to the web site for Kirk Cameron's film Unstoppable.
The Facebook group “Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life” was created by pedophiles to gain access to kids' photos. 
 Facebook is seeking input on the imminent introduction of video-based advertisements to its network.
 Oprah Winfrey has committed suicide.
 Celine Dion has been killed in a crash.
 Kraft Macaroni & Cheese products carry a warning label due to their use of GMO wheat.
 Kraft Foods has recalled 242,000 cases of their Macaroni & Cheese Dinner due to possible contamination by metal fragments.
Mountain Dew and other sodas contain a toxic chemical known as brominated vegetable oil (BVO).
A study showed 69% of all store-bought extra virgin olive oils in the US are 'probably fake.' 
 Nabisco has announced they will be producing Fried Chicken Oreos.
 Maraschino cherries are produced using a toxic dye that has been banned for human consumption.
 Video shows Golden Corral restaurant storing food in an outdoor trash enclosure.
 The world will run out of chocolate by 2020.
 Photograph shows a blue Japanese fruit known as “moon melon.”
 Text describes the process of producing mechanically separated chicken.
 Pyrex brand glass bakeware is now manufactured from a different material and is more susceptible to breakage.
 Analysis of restaurant food eaten by a young woman reveals the presence of semen from HIV- or STD-positive men.
 A child contracted AIDS through eating a pineapple that a vendor had bled upon.
 The limousine Archduke Franz Ferdinand rode to his death in brought a curse upon all those who subsequently owned it.
 McDonald's uses worm meat as filler in their hamburgers.
 Murder or suicide? The coroner had his hands full determining just that in the case of a man who jumped off a building, only to have a shotgun blast finish him off halfway down.
 A cuckolded husband presented his wife with the head of her lover.
 Razor blades were discovered glued to playground equipment in a public park.
 A man was blinded for life when his contact lenses fused to his eyes while he was barbecuing.
 Temporary black henna tattoos can cause permanent scarring.
 Schoolkids are “snorting” and “smoking” Smarties and putting themselves at risk of contracting nasal maggots.
 An Internet-circulated list entitled “2005 Darwin Awards” details actual mishaps and demises.
 Man invoices his date for half the cost of dinner.
 E-mailed synopsis of date reveals unsavory aspects of reviewer's personality.
 A thirsty gal unwittingly drinks down the contact lenses her paramour had left in a bedside glass of water.
Scientists have discovered a fuel thousands of times more powerful than gasoline and just one company is positioned to own a vast majority of its market share.
Scientific studies demonstrate that the process of adding fluoride to public water reduces the IQ of the individuals in those areas.
Women's menstrual cycles synchronize when they live or work in close proximity to one another.
Peanut butter can be used to diagnose Alzheimer's Disease.
The Massive Ordnance Air Blast, first used by the United States military in April 2017, is capable of releasing toxic radiation into the atmosphere on a global scale.
Al Gore predicted that Earth's “ice caps” will melt away by 2014.
A new study proves that men who marry “chubby women” are happier and live longer.
Hurricanes with female names cause more damage because people perceive their risk to be lower, leading to less preparedness.
Using toilet paper as a barrier between your derriere and a toilet seat poses more health risks than just sitting down without a barrier.
Boiling the same water twice will make your water dangerous to drink.
A single eruption from a volcano puts 10,000 times more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of human activity has throughout history.
A recent invasion of New Guinea Flatworms in Florida poses a significant risk to human health and a sighting of this non-native animal should be reported to authorities by calling 911.
A blow to the testicles can kill a man.
A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day. 
 The same person posed for the figures of both Judas and Jesus in Leonardo da Vinci's painting of “The Last Supper.”
 William Waldorf Astor rewarded a helpful hotel manager's kindness by making him the manager of the grand Waldorf hotel.
 The poem “Daddy's Day” was written in response to the September 11 terrorist attacks.
 Truck driver involved in capture of sniper suspects prayed with other truckers that the sniper would be caught.
 In 1969, comic Red Skelton lamented on his weekly television show that the Pledge of Allegiance might someday be considered a “prayer” and eliminated from public schools.
 Martin Savidge of CNN interviews four selfless American marines serving in Iraq, offering them the chance to make phone calls home.
 Sandstorm in Iraq reveals location of thousands of mines to U.S. troops.
 As a teenager, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell learned to speak Yiddish while working in a Jewish-owned baby equipment store in New York.
 Trapped miners gave their oxygen to one of their number, a young father, who survived.
 E-mail sent from orbit captures Space Shuttle Columbia astronaut Laurel Clark's final words to her family.
A Saturday Night Live writer was suspended for tweeting about Trump's youngest child.
Television viewers can drastically lower the TV ratings for Donald Trump's inauguration by changing the channel.
Princess Leia's “hair buns” in Star Wars were inspired by those of a Mexican revolutionary. 
Carrie Fisher contributed script revisions during the filming of “The Empire Strikes Back” 
Wrestler 'Big Show' was killed in a car accident.
Morgan Freeman and Meryl Streep are the biological parents of rap artist Future. 
Singer and former “The Voice” star CeeLo Green was injured in a mobile phone explosion captured on video.
No celebrities are willing to perform for Trump's inauguration.
A forthcoming Russian reality show called “Game2: Winter” will permit contestants to commit crimes, including rape and murder. 
The house-flipping couple from the HGTV show “Flip or Flop” are divorcing.
“Star Wars: Rogue One” was re-shot to add an anti-Trump scene. 
The final episode of Tom And Jerry ended with both characters committing suicide.
Flag protocol specifies that a U.S. flag should be burned if it has been allowed to touch the ground.
 A U.S. serviceman wrote a poem describing a soldier's lonely night before Christmas.
 Photograph shows a “thank you” sign to Jews from the Chinese Restaurant Association of the United States.
 Photograph shows a holiday display depicting a homeowner trapped by a fallen ladder while installing Christmas decorations.
 A fourth-grade student was suspended for saying 'Merry Christmas' to his teacher.
 The White House has decreed that its 2013 Christmas trees will be referred to as “Holiday trees.”
 Video shows holiday lights in Brighton which incorporate rude images and messages.
Massapequa, New York pizza restaurant Villaggio's refused to serve a soldier named John Welch because he visited with a service dog.
Thousands of Marines applied for White House detail after Trump became president, and none applied during President Obama's 8 years in office.
Being an only child (or an only son) automatically exempts you from military service in the U.S.
A man named Caleb Lee asked for a military discount and was berated by a Pizza Hut manager for his purported sense of entitlement. 
The U.S. Army is investigating ways to build biodegradable bullets that will sprout into plants.
The search-and-rescue organization in Syria, the White Helmets, is linked to terrorists.
The United States military recruited Native Americans as scouts in the Vietnam War and - in the course of their training - the military discovered that long hair actually helps give people 'almost supernatural' tracking abilities.
Navy sailor Kristian Saucier was held to a different standard of prosecution for improper handling of classified information than Hillary Clinton. 
The Obama administration disinvited Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer from the Marine Corps' 241st birthday ball in Kabul, Afghanistan, because he criticized the President. 
Tens of thousands of Russian troops are surrounding U.S. borders.
President Obama has used a loophole in federal statutes to cut military pay three years in a row. 
The headstone of the late U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan (son of DNC speaker Khizr Khan) references his “dying as an apostate.” 
President Obama signed an executive order allowing the use of the U.S. military against American citizens. 
A military veteran picking his child up from school was ejected lest other students find his uniform offensive.
President Obama cut $2.6 billion from programs for veterans and instead give a like amount to support Syrian refugees. 
Cosmetic companies Avon, Mary Kay and Estée Lauder have resumed testing their products on animals after previously abandoning the practice. 
 Living turtles and fish are packaged in plastic bags and sold as souvenir keyrings in China.
 Photograph depicts a rabbit subjected to animal testing at the L'Oreal cosmetic company's labs.
 Wedding guests should refrain from throwing rice at newly-wedded couples because the rice kills birds who eat it.
 Dynamic Pet Products Real Ham Bone have caused several dogs to fall ill and die.
 EverPet brand dog and cat food is made in China and has caused pets to fall ill and die in the U.S.
Purina's Beneful brand dog food is causing dogs to become ill and die. 
 Crafters have been asked to knit sweaters for oil-soaked penguins.
 Cats have been gravely injured or killed after seeking warmth by hiding in wheel wells or under cars.
 PETA workers are stealing family pets and euthanizing them.
 A slowed-down recording of crickets chirping sounds like a human chorus.
 Pedigree is recalling Jumbone brand dog treats due to a risk to canines.
 A kitten died due to ingesting a chemical sprayed on a Home Depot Christmas tree.
 A man was convicted of manslaughter for accidentally killing his wife with a “Dutch oven.”
 A father parks his truck atop a leaf pile containing his daughter, killing her.
 Pins, needles, and razor blades have been found in trick-or-treaters' loot.
 Service station customers are getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles.
 Work crew discovers a decades-old wrecked car with several skeletons inside.
 Titanium rings can be removed from swollen fingers only through amputation.
 A troop of Boy Scouts dies after roasting hot dogs on oleander sticks.
A photograph shows a man who was mugged while delivering comic books to his sick daughter.
Police found more than 30 cow eyeballs in a man's rectum after arresting him for drunk driving.
An image shows a “Georgian Speekle,” one of the world's scariest insects.
An individual stumbled upon a network of mysterious caves in Shropshire, once used by the Knights Templar for secretive rituals. 
A photograph shows Barack Obama sitting with Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr.
A 'Harry Potter Dementor' figure was photographed above a shopping center in Zambia.
Photographs depict signs marking the sites of “future internment camps” authorized by President Trump's executive order. 
A photograph shows a baseball stadium repurposed as a residential neighborhood. 
A photograph clearly shows White House advisor Stephen Miller using a hand gesture that means “white power.”
A photograph shows a red blood cell on the tip of a needle.
A photograph shows an island that is shaped like a violin in Costa Rica.
A photograph shows a Starbucks with an welcome mat featuring a picture of President Trump on its floor.
President Obama's daughter Malia is pregnant.
The FDA recently discovered that the Arizona Beverage Company uses human urine in many of their products.
Brown recluse spider eggs used to fill Beanie Babies in the 1990s are finally hatching. 
 A father attempted to sell his toddler son on Craigslist to fund the purchase of a new Apple Watch.
Retired CIA agent Normand Hodges confessed on his deathbed to assassinating Marilyn Monroe.
 An amendment to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) requires gay residents to wear a sensor for identification.
 A KKK chapter successfully sued a black-owned bakery for refusing to make them a birthday cake.
Doctors have performed the first successful human head transplant. 
 President Obama has limited churches to offering twice-monthly services.
 A Wendy's customer found a human finger in her bowl of chili.
 John Howard Griffin, the author of Black Like Me, died from skin cancer caused by the treatment he underwent to darken his skin.
 A helpful male stranger begging a ride at a shopping mall turns out to be a crazed killer.
 Hitchhiker utters prophecy about Judgment Day being upon us, then vanishes.
 Children's Webkinz are being murdered online.
 People have died laughing.
 Internet-circulated list titled “2006 Darwin Awards” details actual deaths.
 Rub-on “tattoos” of cartoon characters laced with LSD are handed out to children by unscrupulous drug dealers. 
A phony carpark attendant collected parking fees outside the Bristol Zoo for over twenty years. 
 Nabisco is producing Red Velvet Oreos for Valentine's Day 2015.
Fireball whisky is being recalled due to concerns over a dangerous ingredient. 
 Crocodile bile is a deadly poison.
 U.S. farmers are saturating wheat crops with Roundup herbicide as a desiccant before each harvest, causing an increase in wheat-related ailments.
 The cremated ashes of Pringles' creator were packaged and sold to customers.
 Pringles brand potato chips contain a chemical that is known to cause cancer in humans.
 Pepsi is test marketing a Doritos-flavored version of Mountain Dew.
Popular cereals (including Lucky Charms and Cheerios) contain 'paint thinner' and pose a danger to children. 
 A widely circulated video shows two people discovering a maggot infestation inside a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
 A freighter carrying tapioca nearly sank when a fire in its hold (and the water used to extinguish it) cooked the cargo.
Sophia Stewart won a large judgment in a copyright infringement suit over authorship of the film The Matrix. 
Kay Jewelers regularly replaces diamonds with fakes or inferior stones during service and maintenance appointments. 
Texting the word 'HUNGER' to 35350 will cause Sam's Club to donate the monetary equivalent of 12 meals to a local food bank. 
Large corporations routinely take out “dead peasant” insurance policies on low-level employees to be paid out as executive bonuses. 
Washing instruction tags on Tom Bihn bags carry a hidden message in French disparaging the president. 
Burger King has introduced a new “adult meal” for Valentine's Day that includes a sex toy. 
Chinese people are selling each other bags of fresh air because of air pollution.
A photograph depicts a sign at Target informing customers purchasing pork or alcohol to choose another lane to accommodate Muslim employees. 
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price rented his house in order to make ends meet after taking a $900,000 pay cut and raising the minimum salary at his company to $70,000.
Panhandling is a lucrative business, averaging an hourly rate of $50. 
The U.S. government assigns Social Security numbers on the basis of race. 
Macy's pulled funding from Planned Parenthood in December 2016 under pressure from anti-abortion groups. 
 George W. Bush took a half hour off from glad-handing supporters at a 'thank you' dinner to witness for Christ to a teenage boy.
 Premature baby who survives against the odds years later announces that God smells like rain.
A teacher's ad hoc class assignment is kept and treasured by her students. 
CNN accidentally aired thirty minutes of porn during an episode of Anthony Bourdain's “Parts Unknown.”
A video documents that The Simpsons anticipated in 2000 how Donald Trump would announce his presidential candidacy in 2015. 
A picture of a man with his head split open documents the effect of marijuana use. 
The wife of famous golfer blurted out on the air that she kisses her husband's balls for luck. 
The character of Ensign Chekov was added to the television series 'Star Trek' because an editorial in the Communist newspaper Pravda had criticized the lack of a Soviet crewman on board the U.S.S. Enterprise.
The theme to the original 'Star Trek' television includes never-used lyrics.
The children's TV show 'Barney & Friends' was based on a 1930s serial killer. 
The second season of 'Stranger Things' will be written by Stephen King. 
In the 1950s, a Las Vegas hotel completely drained their pool because black entertainer Dorothy Dandridge stuck her toe in the water. 
Tom Hanks said in a television interview that he backs Donald Trump for president. 
 George Washington was the first U.S. president to issue a Thanksgiving proclamation.
 Christmas lights have been banned in Cardwell, Australia, due to complaints from Muslim residents.
Eating turkey makes people especially drowsy. 
 The presidential practice of pardoning a live turkey before Thanksgiving originated with President Harry Truman in 1947.
Walter Reed Hospital will accept Christmas cards addressed to “A Recovering American Soldier.” 
 Fans in Philadelphia once booed and threw snowballs at Santa Claus.
 A child smuggles a penguin out of an amusement park.
 Avid bird watcher who returns the call of a rare bird finds he's been exchanging warbles with another bird watcher.
Individuals fleeing danger can request to be “unlisted” in a hotel so no one can find them. 
People traveling to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program could be turned away due to new requirements involving biometric passports, or ePassports. 
 A commercial airline pilot who accidentally locked himself out of the cockpit had to hack down the door with a fire axe to regain entry
 Map shows how to “drive across the USA hitting all the major landmarks.”
 Map shows an optimal route for driving across the USA and hitting major landmarks in every state.
 A clever consumer earned millions of miles of free air travel by taking advantage of a Healthy Choice pudding promotion.
Swedish residents participate in a 'Flogsta scream' each night at 10 or 11 PM. 
 Apology letter sent to a wronged customer is marred by attached instructions to send the recipient the standard grovel.
 The purpose of the 'crash' or 'brace' position in airliners is to kill passengers quickly in the event of an crash, or to preserve their remains so as to make identification of bodies easier.
 New residents in unfamiliar housing circumstances adapt in unusual ways.
 Airline passenger's in-flight comments describe disadvantages of being seated directly across from the plane's lavatory.
Athletes will be disqualified from Paralympic or Olympic events if they sport Olympics rings tattoos. 
Prince invested in Nike in 1971, recruited NBA star Michael Jordan to the company in 1983, and designed the first Air Jordan shoe. 
 Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis hurled a no-hitter while under the influence of LSD.
 Lou Gehrig's consecutive game streak begin when Yankee first baseman Wally Pipp sat out a game with a headache.
 Brooklyn Dodgers outfielder Cal Abrams was publicly ordered to berate the Cincinnati Reds' manager, then was traded to that team a few days later.
 A prisoner of war who played an imaginary round of golf in his mind each day of his captivity found upon his release that he'd markedly improved his game.
The simultaneous death of infant twins in Turkey in 2002 was connected to their having recently received vaccinations.
Bill Gates has openly admitted that vaccinations are designed so that governments can depopulate the world.
Left-handed people die younger than right-handed people.
The first “radioactive salmon” attributed to the Fukushima nuclear disaster have been found in British Columbia, Canada, posing a risk to human health.
Under certain conditions, lionesses can grow manes and develop “masculine behavior”.
During pregnancy, if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ. 
A study performed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory found that millimeter wave body scanners commonly used by airport security can alter your DNA.
Policies that legalize recreational marijuana exacerbate America's opioid addiction epidemic.
Peanut oil is secretly present in childhood vaccines and flu shots.
Lunar eclipses happen only during full moons.
SpaceX will be transporting a potentially deadly pathogen to the International Space Station as part of their next launch.
Studies have proved that having an abortion increases a woman's risk of developing breast cancer.
NASA now says that burning fossil fuels cools the planet.
NASA is lying about the path of a recently discovered asteroid, and it will actually cause widespread destruction when it hits Earth in February 2017.
Placing a raw, cut onion in contact with your foot overnight “purifies your blood”, removes “toxins”, and heals your body.
Carl Sagan once speculated about the dangers of a future United States in which “key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries”, where people “have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority” and “no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues”. 
 Two men are still making payments on a Jeep Cherokee they sent to the bottom of a frozen lake during a duck-hunting mishap.
Capsaicin, the spice-causing molecule in chili peppers, can help beat breast cancer.
 Several cats have fallen ill and died from consuming Purina Cat Chow.
 Lobsters mate for life.
 Major cities harbor rodent populations equivalent to one rat per person.
 Trifexis brand parasite prevention tablets have caused the deaths of a large number of dogs.
 A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.
 Image shows newspaper account of a kitten who nearly died from being fed a vegan diet.
 Hundreds of decommissioned bomb-sniffing Marine Corps dogs are in need of adoption by the public.
 Chicken jerky treats from China are causing illness in pets.
 Cocoa mulch contains a chemical (theobromine) that can be harmful to pets.
 Rafael Cruz, father of Senator Ted Cruz, believes atheists should be separated from the devout and placed in special “camps.”
 A veteran injured during the 1945 battle of Iwo Jima finally came out of his coma 69 years later.
 The U.S. government has been microchipping babies since 1983.
 Thieves can steal ATM cards and PINs by using plastic sleeves known as “Lebanese loops.”
Cancer is caused by a deficiency of vitamin “B17,” a condition that can be remedied with nutritional supplements.
Close examination of a photograph taken by NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover shows the presence of a hairy, spider-monkey like creature.
The Russians have sent a manned space craft to Saturn and it's being hidden from the public.
Liquor and wine are illegal in the U.S. unless they are radioactive.
Salt lamps, because they emit negatively charged ions, impart myriad health benefits including reduced anxiety, improved sleep, increased energy, and protection from an “electric smog.”
Coiled mattresses cause cancer by amplifying radio waves. 
Representative Mick Mulvaney, who was recently selected as the Trump administration's nominee for director of the Office of Management and Budget, one posed the question “Do we really need government-funded research at all?” on Facebook.
The “darkest night in 500 years” will take place on 20 December 2016 due to a lunar eclipse. 
Bee sting venom can kill HIV. 
Every single person who has cancer has a pH that is too acidic. 
Women need more sleep than men because their brains get more use on a day-to-day basis. 
There are more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy. 
Diets tailored to one's specific blood type are capable of reducing myriad ailments, improving digestion, enabling weight loss, and providing increased energy.
If you use a real Christmas tree, you run the risk of bringing Lyme disease-transmitting ticks into your home. 
Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau is Fidel Castro's son.
Ben Carson once said “if the Big Bang is merely a theory, if by chance it was true, how would you explain that the Earth didn't blow up during the explosion?” 
Scientific studies support the conclusion that marijuana can play a role in healing broken bones.
A video shows federal troops in armored vehicles patrolling the streets of Chicago on President Trump's orders.
President Trump tweeted on 14 February 2017 that Betsy DeVos was correct in suggesting disabled students are disruptive in the classroom. 
A video shows a Muslim refugees rioting and taking over an area in France.
A gruesome photograph of a shredded hand depicts a “new punishment for reading the Bible” in Saudi Arabia. 
Massive anti-immigrant demonstrations in Poland were ignored by news media in Europe. 
Donald Trump's father, Fred Trump, ran a mayoral campaign advertisement called 'Dope Man' in 1969.
A video shows Anderson Cooper laughing uncontrollably after Kellyanne Conway used the phrase “alternative facts.”
A 1940's Dr. Seuss political cartoon criticized Americans for not caring about the deaths of foreign children.
An Image depicts a five-year-old Syrian girl in handcuffs at Dulles Airport. 
A photograph shows a small boy who was handcuffed at Dulles Airport due to temporary immigration restrictions implemented in January 2017. 
Facebook pop-up windows are warning that the Department of Homeland Security (acting under a bill known as CISPA) is forwarding entire Facebook histories of Standing Rock protesters to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
 An unlucky waterskier topples into a nest of deadly water moccasins.
Starbucks offered free drink upgrades to customers who provided the name “Aloha Snackbar” to their baristas. 
 A stunned animal dressed up for a photo gains revenge on his tormentors.
 A man left entertaining his girlfriend's dog throws a ball out her highrise apartment window, with the dog in hot pursuit.
 Photograph seeks help in identifying youths pictured hanging a puppy.
 52 thoroughbred horses are destined for slaughter if adopters are not found for them soon.
 Ugg boots are made from sheepskin.
 Several rescued horses in the Niagara Falls area are in need of adoption.
 In 1970, the Oregon Department of Transportation attempted to dispose of a whale carcass by blowing it up.
 A dog died after picking up a poisoned Nerf football in a dog park.
 Snakes were smuggled inside a woman's bra.
 Farmer mistakes the inscription found on a banded bird for cooking instructions
 An animal shelter will soon be closing or moving and will euthanize all the animals currently in their care that have not been adopted.
 The media is aware that the bull shark that mauled 8-year-old Jessie Arbogast was one his uncle had been fishing for and fighting on a line for two hours, but they are suppressing that information.
 Pieces of cheese with nails in them and other booby-trapped treats have been found at dog parks.
 A Texas business provides big game hunters with an opportunity to participate in “horse hunt adventures.”
 A match used to splint a budgie's injured leg ignites and causes the bird to explode.
 A razor blade discovered in a child's “footies” (footed pajamas) injured a baby.
 Ghosts of two murdered teen girls return to kill and skin parents who failed to tell their subsequent son of the girls' existence.
 Enraged father punishes 3-year-old by smashing his fingers, then commits suicide out of remorse.
 People have been buried alive by mistake.
 A family's dog trots into the yard carrying the corpse of their neighbor's pet rabbit in its jaws. The dog's owners wash and blow dry the dead rabbit to give it the appearance of life, then sneak into the neighbors' yard and return it to its cage. The neighbors are horrified when they discover that some sick person has dug up their rabbit (it had died the day before) and put it back in the cage.
 An abused goat kills its owner ... and then is saved from destruction by animal lovers.
 A package containing a dead cat is stolen by a thief who thinks she's making off with something of value.
 HIV+ blood has been slipped into ketchup dispensers in fast food restaurants.
 Opening a greeting card from FriendGreetings.com can trigger a software download that will automatically send an e-card to everyone in your address book.
Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford announced his retirement with a fiery political resignation speech.
The Council for American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) wants to cancel Memorial Day and replace it with a holiday honoring “Muslim terrorists.” 
Individuals with a high net worth are ineligible to serve in the military because they are more likely to be insubordinate. 
U.S. General John J. Pershing effectively discouraged Muslim terrorists in the Philippines by killing them and burying their bodies along with those of pigs. 
 Actor James Garner detected the presence of an enemy patrol during the Korean War through the smell of garlic.
 Lee Marvin, actor, and Bob Keeshan, television's “Captain Kangaroo,” fought together at Iwo Jima.
 During wartime, the Seal of the President of the United States is modified so that the eagle's head faces the opposite direction.
 General Norman Schwarzkopf authored a pithy quote about whether we should show forgiveness towards those who harbored terrorists.
 During the Gulf War, an Iraqi government propaganda broadcaster nicknamed “Baghdad Betty” warned American soldiers that “Bart Simpson is making love to your wife.”
 The composer-performer of the patriotic song God Bless the USA fled to Canada to avoid being drafted to serve in the Vietnam War.
 Ed McMahon served as Johnny Carson's commanding officer in the military.
 A Saint Xavier University professor sent a scathing, condemnatory message to an Air Force Academy cadet who was seeking assistance in planning an assembly for college students.
 A cigar aficionado insured his stogies against fire, then tried to collect from his insurance company after he smoked them.
 Bananas will be extinct within ten years.
 Memo from a McDonald's director advocates making a policy of omitting items from customers' drive-through orders.
The Tim Hortons chain of coffee and baked goods stores adds nicotine to its coffee to keep customers hooked on it. 
 A worker at Pepsi or Frooti has contaminated those beverage products by injecting HIV-infected blood into them.
 Studies have demonstrated that Monsanto-developed corn contains toxins that cause organ failure in rats and adverse effects in pregnant women.
 Photograph shows a package of NTUC FairPrice pork labeled as “halal.”
 Letter from jailed man results in his family's receiving help with the plowing from the police.
Two college students have vowed to remove their own penises to protest a planned U.S.-Mexico border wall.
A student came up with a clever proof and pithy saying in response to an exam question about the physical properties of Hell. 
A student mistook examples of unsolved statistics problems for a homework assignment and solved them. 
 Applicant turned down for a college position sends the school a letter declining the rejection.
 A college student sends her parents a letter recounting a series of disasters that have recently befallen her and other shocking news.
 Economics professor uses grading of exams to teach about socialism.
 Dwight D. Eisenhower became president of Columbia University because the school's trustees confused him with his younger brother, Milton.
 As the Super Bowl draws near, legions of prostitutes flock to the city where the big game is being held.
 Actress Catherine Bell correctly predicted the results of the 2002 Super Bowl prior to the start of the 2001 NFL season.
 Nike captured an amazing photo of the coin toss before the 2015 College Football Playoff championship game.
 A lawsuit brought by an injured fan revealed that an umpire blew an important call in a 1908 baseball game.
 Pitcher Gaylord Perry fulfilled his manager's prophecy by hitting his first home run minutes after Apollo 11 landed on the lunar surface.
 NHL tough guy Eric Lindros lost a bar fight to figure skater Elvis Stojko.
 A soccer team advanced in a cup match by deliberately scoring a goal against their own side.
 Video clip captures NFL kicker Shaun Suisham booting a 110-yard practice field goal.
 A legendary golfer is rewarded by a sultan with the gift of a golf club.
 A fan tries to give away tickets to a last-place football team's game and ends up with more than he started with.
Nordstrom sells a rock in a leather pouch for $85, and a smaller version for $65. 
Target.com or Target blocked Israel from accessing and shopping their web site. 
United Airlines will begin charging for overhead bin space. 
The company Harry & David had no concerns about advertising with Breitbart, saying they were “neutral” on issues of racism and anti-Semitism. 
Iconic legacy fragrance Chanel No. 5 will be discontinued because the construction of a train track in France threatens its flower supply chain. 
Ace Hardware is refusing to sell propane to Dakota Access pipeline protesters. 
Trump arranged a deal with Carrier that kept a thousand jobs in the United States. 
Michigan is about to sell 100 million gallons of groundwater to Nestlé for $200. 
Protests could permanently halt the Dakota Access Pipeline by blocking construction until 1 January 2017, when the project's contracts expire. 
A phone number posted on a “consumer watchdog” site belongs to a college loan servicer. 
An activist group has launched a holiday-season boycott against chain retailer Target.
Baseball's championship competition is known as the “World Series” because it was originally sponsored by the New York World newspaper. 
The Ford Motor Company donated $100 million to the Black Lives Matter movement. 
A new government program gives all taxpaying Americans the right to collect 'cash rebates' on nearly every single purchase.
Luxottica controls 80 percent of eyewear brands, several major optometry chains, and the second-largest vision care insurer. 
The country of Sweden is officially moving to a 6-hour workday. 
A Taco Bell employee refused a $2 bill from a customer because he thought it wasn't real. 
 List collects snappy answers to dumb questions posed by tourists visiting the Olympic Games.
 Travelers mistake hotel room safes for microwave ovens.
 Between 1988 and 2006, a man lived at a Paris airport.
 Writing “Fast. Neat. Average.” on a piece of paper or napkin and passing it to a flight attendant will get you invited up to visit an airliner's cockpit.
 A man soared three miles above Los Angeles in an “aircraft” consisting of an aluminum lawn chair tethered to helium weather balloons.
 An intoxicated motorist hits a deer with his car and, assuming the animal is dead, loads it into his back seat. The deer revives and begins kicking and biting, prompting a hilarious 911 call by the dazed and confused driver.
 A badly behaved dog wreaks havoc while two fellows stand by silently, each thinking it's the other guy's pooch.
 Family pet startles man by sticking its cold nose into his genitals.
 A cat that had helped itself to salmon mousse prepared for an upcoming dinner party later turns up dead. The hostess, fearful her dish is poisoned, convinces her guests to rush to the hospital and get their stomachs pumped. Later that evening a neighbor comes over to apologize for running over the cat.
 Two of Santa's reindeer were originally named 'Dunder' and 'Blixem,' not 'Donner' and 'Blitzen.'
 The rescued crew of a Japanese fishing trawler were held in custody when Russian officials refused to believe their claim that their boat was sunk by a falling cow.
The term '420' entered drug parlance as a term signifying the time to light up a joint.
The English word “trumpery,” which derives from a French word meaning “to deceive,” is defined in the dictionary as “showy but worthless.” 
Vincent Ghambi, a Malawian defense minister, sent a sex tape to pop superstar Beyoncé Knowles.
40 million Russians conducted drills for an imminent nuclear strike. 
Common usage of the phrase “Always a bridesmaid but never a bride” originated with an advertising campaign for Listerine mouthwash.
A family in Mexico named their baby daughter “Breksit,” after the results of Britain's EU referendum. 
The word “guacamole” literally translates as “testicle sauce.” 
 Jimmies, the sprinkles used on confections, are so named as a reference to Jim Crow.
A black woman named Amelia Bassano has been proved the true (uncredited) author of all of William Shakespeare's plays. 
 The title of the John Steinbeck novel The Grapes of Wrath was published in a Japanese translation bearing the title The Angry Raisins.
 A baseball player protested a fine by paying it in pennies.
 A controversial officiating call led to the death of Minnesota Vikings quarterback Fran Tarkenton's father.
 Every season, whenever the last remaining undefeated NFL team lost its first game, all the surviving members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins opened bottles of champagne in celebration.
 The Los Angeles Dodgers of the Koufax/Drysdale era often won 1-0 games in which Maury Wills scored the winning run.
 Mickey Mantle sent a crude response when Yankees publicity officials asked him to describe his “outstanding event” at Yankee Stadium.
 Teen Japanese pitching phenom Kazuo Uzuki is poised to become a star in Major League baseball.
 A declared-dead jockey returned to the track and shocked the grandstand crowd.
Bill Ripken's 1989 Fleer baseball card includes a hidden obscenity.
 Champion skier Picabo Street forbidden to answer the phone in the Intensive Care Unit where she works.
 Pro golfer Phil Mickelson lost $200,000 wagering with his golfing partners, then tried to get out of paying up.
 Serena Williams announced she'd “stopped dating black guys” because “a white man is the only real choice for a successful black female.”
 Growth hormones used in poultry cause ovarian cysts in women who consume chicken wings.
 Pouches of Earth's Best brand organic baby food are contaminated with insect larvae.
 Arby's roast beef is made from a paste, gel, powder, or liquid.
 An international cookbook compiled by California home economics teachers includes a recipe for “Stuffed Camel.”
 St. Bernard dogs are being raised for food in China.
 Potato chips resulted from a cook's moment of pique.
 Gorton's fish fillets have been recalled due to reports that pills were found in some of them.
 Banana baby food is being recalled due to glass in the product.
 A fun-loving college student awoke after a wild party to find both his kidneys had been stolen by organ thieves. He now spends his days attached to a machine that keeps him alive until a donor match can be found.
 African consumers were horrified by an American baby food company's product packaging.
 The morning after an all-night drinking binge, a man discovers the body of a little girl embedded in his car's grille.
 A motorcyclist comes to an untimely end when he chooses to “thread the needle” by driving between two oncoming bikes.
 Teen dies in car crash with a plastic Jesus dashboard ornament embedded in her chest.
A photograph shows Melania Trump's grandmother, Olga Orlif, who was a Soviet Soldier in World War II.
A Gucci ensemble worn by Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway to the inauguration closely resembled a 1970s 'Simplicity' pattern. 
A photograph shows Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau watering a tree in the rain.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer retweeted a satirical item from 'The Onion' about himself.
President Trump tweeted that drug testing would soon be mandatory for all recipients of government assistance.
Images depict scantily clad women taking part in a January 2017 Women's March event. 
President Barack Obama put his hand on Melania Trump's buttocks during her husband's 20 January 2017 inauguration.
A photograph captured Joe Biden posing menacingly with an elderly woman and a gun. 
A highway sign in Maryland told drivers to “Consider Canada” due to inauguration traffic.
Early images depict massive crowds at the 20 January 2017 inauguration of Donald Trump. 
President-elect Donald Trump was pictured at a cross burning with the KKK.
Donald Trump posed for a fake speechwriting photograph at an auction house's receptionist's desk. 
A photograph shows a homeless woman outside in the cold holding a dead baby.
Vanilla ice cream was originally a deep, dark black color before white people demanded it be changed in 1912. 
The Hampton United Methodist Church called Donald Trump a pervert, a con artist, and a fascist on their church sign.
The remains of a Nazi soldier were found in the belly of a giant catfish. 
Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal, meaning they don't age and will never die unless they are killed. 
Daily sea ice data from 1979 to the present show a record-breaking low amount of global sea ice coverage beginning around October 2016.
Time itself is speeding up and we actually perceive a 24-hour day as a 16-hour day.
The characteristics of stereotypical millennial liberals make them less competitive, because they are in discord with the natural world.
Studies have demonstrated that cooking with aluminum foil can result in the ingestion of aluminum, which is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease.
“Clean coal technology” currently makes coal a clean source of energy and helps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
A new analysis of the residue on common American foods showed high levels of the herbicide glyphosate and Monsanto, the EPA, and the FDA are in cahoots to silence word of the chemical's harmful effects and its high concentration in foods. 
A Harvard Study showed that Tibetan Monks can significantly raise the temperature of their fingers, toes and other extremities through meditation alone.
President-elect Trump has selected a climate change skeptic to head the team in charge of the transition between Obama and Trump's Environmental Protection Agencies.
Scientists say that largest the supermoon since 1948, occurring on 14 November 2016, will trigger tidal waves and catastrophic earthquakes, wreaking havoc across the planet.
Life expectancy in the United States is now lower because of Obamacare. 
A groundbreaking study showing that algae can draw an alternative source of energy from other plants suggests that humans might be able to draw energy from each other in a similar way. 
Dogs and wolves are genetically 99.9% identical.
Two scientists who analyzed 2.5 million stars have concluded that the signals coming from a small fraction of them are “probably” caused by aliens.
Satellite images of hexagon-shaped holes in clouds above the Bermuda Triangle prove that large blasts of sinking air are the cause of mysterious shipwrecks and plane crashes in the area.
30,000 scientists have signed a petition arguing that there is no convincing scientific evidence for anthropogenic climate change.
A photograph shows a Palestinian boy after he was shot in the heart by an Israeli soldier during the First Intifada.
Donald Trump advocated not washing hands after using the restroom as a “power play” in his 1987 book The Art of the Deal.
A picture depicts a paralyzed man's groomsmen holding him up so he could marry his bride. 
Image is a screenshot of a sincere debate between Facebook friends over the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare. 
An animated image shows Meryl Streep mocking a disabled person on a late night talk show.
A video shows hundreds of people getting knocked over by a giant rotating bar.
A photograph shows Jesse Owens and Hitler shaking hands at the 1936 Olympics.
Hillary Clinton said several insulting things about Michelle Obama in a leaked 20 October 2016 e-mail. 
An x-ray image shows a snake that entered a woman's stomach by crawling through her vagina. 
Civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson made and quickly deleted a tweet in which he said he had “no problem” with a contemporaneous viral Facebook Live crime in Chicago. 
The Washington Post's free daily newspaper used a male gender symbol to illustrate a cover story about women's rights. 
A turtle grew into an odd shape after being trapped in a rubber band for years.
Donald Trump tweeted and deleted a candid, regretful statement in the early hours of New Year's Day. 
Pranksters briefly changed California's iconic “Hollywood” sign to read “Hollyweed.”
An image shows an advertisement for Trump Tower in Mumbai stating that there is “only one way to live” installed over a group of homeless people.
 The flowering plant heliotrope is toxic to dogs and can cause death to those who ingest it.
A photograph shows a young Carrie Fisher watching her mother Debbie Reynolds perform onstage.
 The web site Genpets.com sells mass-produced, bioengineered pets.
 Legislation passed by the U.S. government allows horses to be slaughtered for food in that country.
 The Humane Society will donate $1 towards the care of an abused puppy every time his photo is shared.
 A virus deadly to dogs has been spreading in the canine population of the U.S.
 Eating gum thrown on the ground causes birds to die.
 Persons in Oregon are obtaining free animals through Craigslist ads to use for target shooting practice.
 Ordinary use of Febreze brand fabric refresher poses a general danger to household pets.
 A Diamond Pet Brands recall of pet foods is underway due to potential Salmonella contamination.
 The daddy longlegs is the “world's most poisonous animal.”
 A stray pit bull saved a woman by chasing off a knife-wielding attacker.
 A McDonald's advertisement described petting pit bulls as a “risky” behavior.
 Ingestion of some types of margarine increases the risk of coronary disease.
 Former USAF General Dick Hawley delivered a caustic speech about “thoughts of such surpassing stupidity that they must be addressed.”
 The FDA has barred travelers from bringing Vegemite into the U.S.
 Drinking bleach can help a drug user beat drug testing.
 After successfully robbing a bank, very polite Japanese thieves penned a thank-you note to that financial institution.
 Clever thief finds an inventive way to steal right under a guard's nose
 Graham crackers were named for a man who believed unhealthy diet led to sexual excess.
 Job applicant who salts his food before tasting it is rejected by business tycoon.
 A sober patron staggers out of the bar at closing time to lure police away from his drunken friends.
Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin, and Kurt Cobain all died with white Bic lighters in their pockets.
 Child's drawing seemingly depicts mom as a pole dancer when in reality she was a Home Depot clerk trying to sell a shovel.
 A bridesmaid walking down the aisle at a wedding caught her spike heel in a floor grate, an usher picked up the grate to retrieve the shoe, and the bride tumbled into the open hole.
 Businessman participating in an impressive-sounding phone conversation is revealed to be using a fake phone.
 'Dear Abby' letter details unusual test posed to young man by his fiancée's parents.
 A woman stuck to a toilet seat provides a physician with an opportunity for the perfect bon mot.
A young couple was assaulted in Chicago, causing them to move back to Arizona after just one day in the city.
A KFC promotion offered Extra Crispy Sunscreen to consumers.
Ron Wayne was a third Apple co-founder, who in 1976 sold his 10% share in the company for $800
A biotech company has developed a 3D synthetic rhino horn that will eventually undercut the market for poached horns.
If you swipe a chipped card debit/credit at a point-of-sale terminal instead of inserting it into the reader, you become liable for any fraudulent transactions. 
The streaming music service Pandora endorsed the Black Lives Matter movement while ignoring the deaths of Dallas police officers. 
A North Carolina provider of mental health services is named “Nutz R Us.”
Monsanto has purchased or merged with the Whole Foods Market grocery chain. 
JetBlue is offering free flights to Orlando for family members and partners of the victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting. 
A handful of 1970s quarters are worth a fortune, as they were minted on the back of a 1941 Canadian coin. 
A couple bought a “Princess” Beanie Baby worth £62,500 for just £10.
QuikTrip's Safe Place is equipped to provide a safe room and assistance to a variety of victims of violence or persons otherwise in danger. 
Target's stock price has plummeted due to a boycott over the store's transgender restroom policy.
Budweiser is changing its name to “America.” 
Nike makes their sneakers with elephant skins. 
Target caved to pressure from President Obama and LGBT groups and instituted a store-wide policy allowing transgender employees and shoppers to use the bathroom that matched their gender identity. 
Costco lied about carrying cage-free eggs in their stores. 
A British mother lost custody of her children because she ignored warnings about 'co-sleeping' with her children.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions described immigrants as 'filth' during a speech in Arizona.
Anyone who bought milk after 2003 can be compensated under the terms of a class action lawsuit.
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that motorists need not have licenses to drive vehicles on public roads. 
During the 19th and 20th centuries, some U.S. cities enacted so-called “ugly laws” banning people deemed “diseased, maimed, mutilated or in any way deformed so as to be an unsightly or disgusting object or improper person” from public spaces. 
Diners are legally obligated to pay mandatory service charges or tips which appear on their checks. 
Purple paint on a fence post indicates that you are in danger and should leave the area immediately. 
The state cut off water access to Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
HUD is attempting to pass a law banning tiny houses and RV living. 
Picking bluebonnets is illegal in Texas. 
 Invited houseguests cannot be required to leave a home thanks to the “grandfather clause.”
 Law students failed their California bar exams because they stopped to assist a stricken classmate.
Director Stanley Kubrick wrote a profanity-laced letter to MGM executive James T. Aubrey warning him not to make a sequel to '2001: A Space Odyssey.' 
The band 10cc was so named because the term represents the amount of semen in an average male ejaculation (or a little bit more). 
“Star Wars” movies will be filmed in several small, off-the-beaten-path towns across America.
Bill O'Reilly was denied custody of his children because he physically attacked their mother. 
The movie “Finding Dory” features a transgender stingray named StingRhonda. 
Caitlyn Jenner will pose nude on the cover of 'Sports Illustrated.' 
Musician Prince Rogers Nelson and actor Haywood Nelson are half brothers. 
The horse's head that appeared in an iconic scene in the film The Godfather was real. 
When someone asked Eric Clapton what it was like to be the greatest guitar player in the world, he responded: “I don't know, ask Prince.” 
Netflix released a promotional image for its upcoming series “Home Improvementer”. 
Bill Maher smoked a joint during a live broadcast of 'Real Time with Bill Maher,' and the FCC imposed a hefty fine. 
Actor Ato Essandoh was killed during the filming of 'Django Unchained.' 
'Mob Wives' personality Big Ang died of cancer. 
Beyonce has not been banned from performing in Canada based on her 2016 Super Bowl halftime performance. 
There is a children's book called “Do You Want to Play With My Balls?”
Two police officers in Georgia cumulatively killed more than 250 people and remain at large. 
 The suicide rate increases significantly during the winter holiday season.
 A Thanksgiving 2009 advertising circular issued by Best Buy wished readers a “Happy Eid al-Adha.”
 The Best Buy chain is eschewing use of the word “Christmas” in its 2006 holiday print advertising.
 The Bible says that three wise men traveled from afar on camels to visit the infant Jesus as he lay in the manger.
 The race horse Seabiscuit was the biggest newsmaker in America in 1938.
 Comedians Bud Abbott and Lou Costello are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
 Yankee second baseman Tony Lazzeri once pulled an on-field practical joke using a doctored baseball.
 Video shows an amazing behind-the-back return by Japanese tennis player Yoshihito Nishioka.
 College fills open faculty position through cynical job posting.
 Alexander Hall at Princeton University was built according to plans submitted by a failed architecture student who later paid for its construction.
 A diligent student found a hidden reward tucked away in an academic work.
 Two students produce a contentious piece of 'cooperative' fiction when forced to work together.
 A medical school instructor lectures the class on the importance of taste as a diagnostic tool and demonstrates his point by conducting a diabetes test which involves dipping his finger into a flask of urine and licking it.
 A fellow returns to his car to find it smashed up and an unusual note on the windshield.
 A well-guarded car proves not to be so well guarded after all when it's found one morning turned around in its parking spot, sporting a “If we want it, we'll take it” note from the mischievous thieves.
 Franchised postal center outlets may charge more than official postal service rates for mailing items.
 The French dip sandwich was invented to placate a restaurant patron who complained about stale bread.
 The popular Chinese dish chop suey is actually American.
 Studies link bread consumption to convicted felons, violent crimes, and poor academic performance and call for “bread-free” zones to be established around schools.
 The FDA has issued a warning about a possible connection between Hepatitis A and green onions.
 The term “hot dog” was coined in the early 1900s by a cartoonist who couldn't spell “dachshund.”
On 19 December 2016 an amateur photographer snapped pictures of snow on the ground of the Algerian city of Ain Sefra, which borders the Sahara desert.
A photograph depicts a Salvation Army bellringer holding a sign stating the group helps people, “just not the gays.” 
A group of Muslims tore down a Christmas tree in Italy.
A “Make-A-Wish” experience was ruined when a high school football player tackled a sick child running for a touchdown. 
A video shows a driverless Uber running a red light in San Francisco.
McDonald's released a holiday cup that unintentionally featured a risqué image.
Police sketches of Madeleine McCann's alleged kidnappers are a perfect match for Tony and John Podesta. 
A video shows a Muslim man slapping a Christian woman.
A video shows an alien that was caught in southern India, near the shared border of Kerala and Karnataka states.
Donald Trump let a homeless woman stay at his hotel in New York City rent-free for eight years.
Fisher Price sells a “happy hour playset” including a bar, bar stools, and beer bottles. 
A portion of Route 66 in New Mexico plays “America the Beautiful” when you drive over it.
 A motorist who has a run-in with ruffians afterwards finds the severed fingers of his assailants caught on his car.
 A man turns to bid his unusual hitchhiker goodbye and discovers that she has disappeared from the car. He later learns that his mysterious passenger had died several years earlier.
 Thieves lie in wait under victims' cars, then render their victims helpless by slashing their ankles.
 A photo opportunity involving a bear and a honey-smeared child results in a terrible mauling.
 A man who died at his office desk went unnoticed by his co-workers for five days.
 Parents of a murdered Virginia Tech co-ed unthinkingly back over another of their children on the way to the airport.
 A thriving colony of large alligators lives deep within the bowels of the New York City sewer system.
 A little boy dies after being pricked by a heroin-filled syringe in a playground ball pit.
 Pope Francis has declared that fornication is no longer a sin.
 Doctors have confirmed that consumption of genetically modified tomatoes killed a man.
 Mattel has released a burka Barbie doll for the toy's 50th anniversary.
 The brother of a top ISIS leader has repented and converted to Christianity.
 Sarah Palin said that abolishing slavery enabled President Obama's election and worried that immigration reform would lead to a Hispanic president.
 Musician Ringo Starr admitted that Paul McCartney passed away in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.
 George Zimmerman was arrested while visiting Ferguson, Missouri.
 An ISIS jihadist converted to Christianity after being left for dead and rescued by Christian missionaries.
 Korean McDonald's locations sell a burger made from dog meat.
 Ted Nugent said that Native Americans should “go back where they came from.”
 First Lady Michelle Obama proposed a “Hug A Muslim” day to replace Columbus Day.
 KFC has obtained a license to start selling marijuana in their Colorado restaurants.
A “daith piercing” can cure migraine headaches.
 Mothers with tattoos risk passing “Fetal Ink Syndrome” on to their children.
A photograph captures a rare seal with a symmetrical stripe pattern on its pelt.
A 14 August 1912 article from a New Zealand newspaper contains a brief story about how burning coal might produce future warming by adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. 
A team of four Nigerian girls has created a generator that produces six hours of electricity using only a single liter of urine as fuel. 
Scientists have officially declared the Great Barrier Reef to be dead.
An unidentified flying object passes above SpaceX's Falcon-9 rocket at the same moment it explodes, suggesting the rocket's destruction was intentional. 
A video shows a chimpanzee rapidly memorizing the location of numbers from 1-9 on a touch screen, demonstrating its ability to recall their location by tapping (in sequential order) boxes that covered those numbers after a fraction of a second. 
Neil deGrasse Tyson addressed gender inequality on Twitter by tearing apart a joke about women in science. 
Kinking an electrical wire stops electricity flow like kinking a garden hose stops water.
The boots on Neil Armstrong's spacesuit don't match up with the “footprints” supposedly he left on the moon.
Eerie clouds over Geneva were caused by the particle collider at CERN opening a portal to a new dimension.
The United States has approved plans to crossbreed animals and humans. 
The San Andreas fault is on the move, signaling that a massive earthquake might be imminent. 
A video shows a group of high school students hatching a chick that developed outside an eggshell for the first time in history.
Americans are immune to the Zika virus. 
 Motorist who dispatches cat he believes he'd run over subsequently discovers he'd hit a different cat.
 Pet owners face yet another hazard: radioactive kitty litter.
 Snakes have been used as hold-up weapons.
 Alligators given as gifts escape.
 The Hollywood Freeway in Los Angeles, California, was the permanent home to a brood of chickens.
 The Swedish navy once mistook minks for enemy submarines.
 An amorous moose once wooed a lawn ornament.
 A village in India learned the hard way not to interfere with the course of pachyderm True Love.
 A serious prospectus inviting investors to become part of a cat-and-rat farm was once circulated, the basic premise of which involved skinning cats for their fur, feeding the cat carcasses to rats, then feeding the rats to the cats being raised for their fur.
 A Costa Rican artist starved a dog to death as part of a gallery exhibit.
 Facebook has “deleted all privacy settings” and is “getting rid of its privacy policy.”
 Facebook's “Graph App” makes your private Facebook content visible to strangers.
 Message provides instructions for stopping others from seeing your activity on Facebook.
 A new Facebook policy allows advertisers to use members' pictures without permission.
 The Facebook applications “My Birthday Calendar” and “Holiday Card List” harbor malicious information-stealing programs.
 Your Facebook private inbox messages are now visible for all to see.
 Santa's 'Ho Ho Ho' has been changed to 'Ha Ha Ha' in Australia because women felt insulted by the original phrase.
 Poinsettia plants are poisonous to humans.
 The day celebrated as Christmas (December 25) is the actual birthday of Jesus.
 A Christian group called for a boycott of Wal-Mart after the mega-retailer instructed employees to say “Happy Holidays” in place of “Merry Christmas” and a woman who complained about the practice received a dismissive e-mail.
 A 2007 Lowe's holiday catalog advertised Christmas trees as “family trees.”
 Target has banned use of the phrase “Merry Christmas” in its stores and advertising.
A 'Muslim refugee' shot fifteen people inside an Ohio nightclub.
Candace Claiborne, who worked for Barack Obama, has been arrested and charged with treason.
There are “no-go zones” in Sweden where the police can't enter.
A law enforcement officer in Texas was shot and killed by '3 Muslim refugee' [sic]
85 (or 244) inmates have escaped from a Fijian prison.
A Southern California mom experienced a near-miss abduction of her daughter by human traffickers at a local IKEA store.
Recently-arrived asylum seekers are perpetrating the majority of crime in Sweden.
A “cargo container full of young black women” was found in a port in Savannah, Georgia, “about to be shipped overseas.”
Fourteen teenaged girls went missing in Washington, D.C., within 24 hours.
A new tactic used by abductors and carjackers is to leave a shirt on a windshield to lure women out of their cars.
As of February 2017, the U.S. murder rate was the highest it had been in 47 years.
Children's iPad app 'Roblox' is dangerous and enables predators to easily target children without parental knowledge of the interactions. 
A President Trump supporter kicked a Muslim woman in the stomach and killed her unborn twins.
A web site allows criminals to look up the personal information of police officers. 
 Intern for U.S. senator ends embarrassing break-up e-mail to girlfriend.
 Law firm secretary sends caustic reply to senior associate's e-mail request for a £4 cleaning bill reimbursement.
 Fellow exacts revenge on cheating girlfriend by broadcasting her apologetic e-mail and his reply to it.
 Intern at prestigious law firm sends embarrassing message to multiple co-workers
A list of ten steps on how to be a good wife comes from a 1950s U.S. home economics textbook. 
“Emordnilap” is a real word referring to words that produce other words when spelled backwards. 
 An 1875 report by the Horseless Carriage Committee warned about the dangers of gasoline-fueled vehicles.
The word 'picnic' originated with crowds gathering to witness lynchings. 
 Ernest Hemingway once won a bet by crafting a six-word short story.
 A punctuation error in a telegram resulted in a costly mistake.
 The White House obtained its name because it was repainted white after the British burned it in 1814.
 The serenity prayer was authored by St. Augustine.
The city of Yreka, California, was named for a backwards bakery sign.
 Police fool a criminal into confessing through a ruse involving a photocopier and a colander.
 Prostitutes can safely challenge johns with the question “Are you a cop?” because law enforcement officers must answer truthfully.
 You can effectively establish U.S. copyright protection of your work by mailing a copy of it to yourself, then retaining the sealed, postmarked envelope as proof of the date of your authorship.
 Paralegal for elite New York law firm produces memo rating the quality of local sushi restaurants.
 If the first attempt to execute a condemned prisoner fails, he is legally entitled to go free.
 Deep in the heart of Australia, the self-proclaimed Prince Leonard of Hutt River rules over his self-proclaimed principality.
 Six outrageous-but-real lawsuits showcase the need for tort reform.
 The Texas legislature once passed a resolution honoring the Boston Strangler.
 The court declaration given by the 13-year-old boy Michael Jackson allegedly molested in 1993 has surfaced.
 Facebook will use your photograph in advertisements unless you change an account setting.
 The Ramnit worm has been stealing Facebook credentials.
 Facebook is about to close your account, citing violation of its policies.
 Facebook “padlock” security feature is really a ruse by hackers to gain access to your account.
 A registrar, as a joke, fills one entire class with students whose last names are also animal names (e.g., Byrd, Fox, Lyon, Finch, Lamb).
 Certain dining halls, libraries, dorms, and quads have been specifically designed to make it easier for police to quell riots that might break out there.
 Students who take the SAT are awarded 200 points for spelling their names correctly.
A photograph of Franklin, the one black character on 'Peanuts,' sitting alone on Thanksgiving documents that the creator of 'Peanuts' was racist. 
 Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry survived a plane crash in 1947.
 The mass-murdering Michael Myers character in the Halloween series of films sports what was originally a Captain Kirk mask.
 Multiple social media rumors circulated on Back to the Future Day (21 October 2015): that Michael J. Fox was arrested for “insider sports betting,” that Nike delivered a pair of self-tying sneakers, and that the Biff Tannen character was based on Donald Trump.
 A number of Menu pet food products have been recalled due to a possible association with kidney failure-related illnesses and deaths of cats and dogs.
 Ordinary use of Ultra Clorox bleach poses a general danger to household pets.
 Huntingdon Life Sciences is offering to pay cash for cats and dogs rescued from New Orleans.
 Greenies brand dental chews pose a general danger to dogs.
 Household paper shredders can pose a danger to children and pets.
 Attorney General John Ashcroft believes calico cats are a sign of the devil.
A sanctuary for dogs is maintained on a “dog island” off the coast of Florida.
 Abandoned puppies shown in an Internet-circulated photo need homes.
 6,500 minks set free by animal rights activists rampaged through the British countryside.
 A recall was issued for foil-wrapped Pirate's Gold chocolate coins because they contain melamine.
 The FDA has advised consumers to not eat fresh spinach or fresh spinach-containing products until further notice.
 Cadbury of Canada has recalled chocolate eggs that may have pieces of plastic in them.
 McDonald's beverages contain yucky non-food substances.
 Customer becomes sick after eating a steak at a chain restaurant; analysis of her meal reveals the presence of human urine in the meat.
 Bubble Yum chewing gum contains spider eggs.
 A girl required surgery after swallowing a wire that had come loose from a barbeque grill cleaning brush and was cooked into a hamburger.
 The “Luther Burger,” a bacon cheeseburger served on a Krispy Kreme doughnut bun, is a real food named after R&B singer Luther Vandross.
 Amateur scuba divers discovered a long-lost nuclear warhead off the coast of Georgia.
 American Sniper star Bradley Cooper is engaged to Taya Kyle.
 Oregon has become the first state to legalize the street drug Molly.
 A Catholic priest said that he met God and found God is a woman.
 Celebrity chef Guy Fieri has passed away at the age of 47.
 The Wendy's fast food restaurant chain uses rat and horse meat to make their chili.
 A woman named Lana obtained a late-term abortion because she learned she was carrying a male fetus.
 Kanye West has been banned from all future award shows.
 Doctors discovered that a pregnant woman's unborn daughter was also pregnant.
 Sarah Palin said vaccinations were linked to homosexuality.
 George Clooney has an open tab at Chipotle that anyone can use to get a free burrito.
 Internet-circulated list titled “2004 Darwin Awards” details actual demises.
 Cockroach eggs in drinking straws pose a general danger to restaurant patrons.
Photographs show a golfer whose arm was torn off by an alligator. 
 Drug users are disposing of their used needles by putting them into the coin return slots of public telephones, thereby infecting unsuspecting victims with hepatitis and HIV.
 A woman killed her husband by sitting on him.
A girl on an amusement park ride was scalped when her hair got caught in the attraction's machinery. 
 A leper was found working in a Chesterfield cigarette factory.
 A child died during a routine operation because someone used a cell phone in a hospital.
A photograph shows a donut with “Muslim writing” on it.
A gruesome image depicts children kidnapped and killed by organ traffickers in Thailand. 
A somber image shows a man whose wife and two children were killed in a car accident. 
Top-secret footage shows a giant walking in Japan.
An image shows Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump wearing see-through shirts.
Christian-owned airlines change the lights on the wings of airliners to “celebrate Christmas” (and passengers can request other colors). 
A video shows a 50-foot-long giant squid that washed up on a beach in New Zealand in 2015.
A video shows an “army-style Muslim migrants” marching in Germany to show their “willingness to fight.”
A man in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, caught the legendary Mothman on camera.
Before condemning flag burning in November 2016, President-elect Donald Trump praised the act in February 2011. 
The BBC used computer graphics to capture the harrowing “iguana vs. snake” chase in “Planet Earth 2.”
'Hamilton' actor Brandon Victor Dixon sent a controversial tweet in 2012, uncovered after he delivered an on-stage speech to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence.
A photograph shows a threatening letter from a “neighborhood town watch” that was widely circulated to Muslims in the United States.
Kid Rock was photographed wearing a t-shirt featuring an electoral map in which blue states are labeled “Dumbfuckistan.” 
A photograph shows Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on a billboard above the words “Let's make the world great again - together.”
Celebrity Cruise lines released an ad saying that Donald Trump's supporters were no longer welcome on their ships.
A new study published by Oxford University researchers proved that women with big butts are smarter and healthier. 
An astrophysicist warned that a “newly discovered Planet X” could wipe out all life on Earth as early as April 2016.
A new male contraception product allows a man to control the flow of sperm by flicking a switch. 
A video shows Koko the gorilla spontaneously using sign language to issue a warning about climate change.
Organ donations occur while the donor is still alive, paralyzed by intravenous medication but not anesthetized. 
An asteroid will hit earth on Christmas Eve. 
Residents in Waco, Texas booed Bill Nye The Science Guy for saying that the moon reflects light from the sun. 
 Japanese engineers have created a robotic bear to aid in assisted suicides.
 List summarizes what proportions of common traits would be like if we could shrink the earth's population to a village of precisely 100 people.
 A 1922 newspaper article reported that “radical change in climatic conditions” was melting Arctic ice and disrupting wildlife.
 NASA had to relabel the size chart used for a condom-like urination contraption built into the Maximum Absorbency Garment space suit system because astronauts refused to choose the “small” size.
 Weather Channel founder John Coleman issued comments refuting global warming.
 The average person swallows eight spiders per year.
 More people are killed by donkeys every year than die in airplane accidents.
 Naive hunters mistake one type of animal for another.
 Things go awry when a tranquilizer given a cat doesn't perform as expected.
 An opportunistic eagle makes off with a prized poodle, to the horror of its owner (and the delight of her husband).
 Article explains the difference between http and https protocols.
 Your personal information may be viewable through the Spokeo web site.
 Changing your Facebook profile picture to one of a cartoon character will enable pedophiles to more easily make friends with children online.
 Setting your Facebook status to match your bra color or where you place your purse will help boost breast cancer awareness.
 A person named Thierry Mairot is attempting to engage children in sexual conversations via Facebook.
 A form of malware can be activated by prompting Internet Explorer users to press the F1 key.
 Entering “Automation Labs” into Facebook's “Block List” option will display a list of twenty people who have access to your Facebook account.
 Japanese software replaces Microsoft error messages with haiku poetry.
 Your personal information can be obtained through the Zabasearch.com web site.
Richard Gere was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum. 
The April 2005 issue of Parents magazine displayed unfortunate cover placement.
Girl's unusual medical condition leads to the discovery that the boy she's been intimate with has been having sex with (or eating) corpses. 
Jesus and His disciples are going to be portrayed as homosexual in a soon-to-be-released film. 
A man who expired during sex was taken to the hospital to be surgically separated from the prostitute who was still attached to him.
 The minister officiating at Ursula's wedding ceremony in The Little Mermaid displays an erection.
 The fashion of sagging one's pants was born of a prison mode of signaling sexual availability.
 Photographs show weather and flight charts displaying phallic shapes.
Cell phone companies began charging users for SMS emojis (emoticons) in February 2016. 
Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an open letter to customers explaining why the company was fighting a court order to unlock an iPhone tied to the San Bernardino attack. 
The McDonald's fast food chain has implemented a policy barring their customers from buying food for homeless people.
You can get free Wendy's Frostys all year long if you purchase a $1 Frosty Key Tag. 
Cold Stone Creamery is giving free or discounted ice cream to female customers that appear to be pregnant. 
McDonald's is getting rid of its “Dollar Menu” come 2016. 
 There is a secret card hidden in the “Bigger, Blacker Box” edition of the Cards Against Humanity card game.
 Departing employee e-mails acerbic “leaving letter” to his colleagues.
 A middle-aged man becomes wedged in a cat door when he loses his house keys and tries to wriggle his way inside his home through the pet's entrance. His cries for help attract a gang of students who pull down his pants, paint his derriere blue, stick a daffodil in it, then erect a sign declaring the spectacle to be an example of street art. The man remains stuck in the cat door for two days while unquestioning passersby ignore his pleas for assistance and throw coins at him instead.
 Bride-to-be sends over-the-top list of instructions to her attendants.
 Cute cake custom causes contretemps.
 The term 'pink slip' came about because companies used to dismiss employees by distributing notices printed on pink slips of paper.
The greeting “Hello” entered the language because it was the surname of Alexander Graham Bell's girlfriend. 
 Authors Dr. Seuss and Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. were college classmates and fraternity brothers.
 The name of the make-believe land featured in L. Frank Baum's series of Oz books was taken from a file cabinet drawer labeled O - Z.
 The town of Paradise, California, was named after the “Pair o' Dice” saloon.
 An 1895 graduation examination for public school students demonstrates a shocking decline in educational standards.
 A list of “Communist Rules for Revolution” was discovered by Allied forces in Germany in 1919.
 The numerous current sayings listed in a “Life in the 1500s” article sprang from ordinary living conditions in that era.
 Bram Stoker's novel Dracula features a titular vampire who cannot expose himself to sunlight and is killed with a wooden stake.
 A recent change now allows all of your private Facebook information to be automatically indexed by search engines.
 E-mailed invitations from friends to join the Tagged.com web site are a form of scam or virus.
 Consumers who visit the “Cash for Clunkers” web site must agree that their computers become U.S. government property.
 Yahoo has announced it will be shutting down all GeoCities web sites.
 The emoticon was invented in 1982 by a professor at Carnegie Mellon University.
 Yahoo! servers will be down between 15 March and 17 March 2003.
 Microsoft is marketing the iLoo, an Internet-capable portable toilet.
 According to the revised terms of service for AOL's Instant Messaging service, they “have the right to use anything in your IM messages in any way without compensation to you.”
 Turtle who agrees to carry a scorpion across a river learns a fatal lesson about innate nature.
 Snake inadvertently loosed in car leads to an escalating series of accidents.
 Dogs die after eating children's stuffed toys that contain flame-retardant materials.
 Student aces essay exam by combining all required elements into one short paragraph.
 A student working his way through college is afraid that he will not have enough time outside of work to adequately prepare for an upcoming exam. He begins taking amphetamines in order to stay awake and study throughout the day while continuing to work at night. A few weeks later, he sits for his exam and leaves the room confident that he has done extremely well. The next day, he is summoned to the instructor's office and asked to explain why he handed in an exam consisting of nothing but sheets of paper covered with his own name.
 Students at a religious institute enrolled in a class on the life of Jesus arrive at their classroom to take the final exam and find a notice informing them that the test will be given in another building on the other side of the campus. As the students rush across campus to the new room, each is accosted by a forlorn beggar who entreats their help. None of the students stops for him, however - they all rush by, anxious to arrive on time for the exam.
 A famed college library is sinking into the ground because its architect failed to take the weight of the books into account.
 The horses in Young Frankenstein react violently to Frau Blücher's name because it means 'glue' in German.
 The Allman Brothers Band's album title Eat a Peach is a reference to Duane Allman's fatal motorcycle accident.
Groucho Marx made a risqué wisecrack about his cigar to a female You Bet Your Life contestant with 19 children. 
 Clark Gable killed a pedestrian while driving drunk, but MGM covered up the accident and sent another man to jail in his place.
 The lyrics to the song “Louie Louie” are really obscene.
 Bette Davis landed her role in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? through placing an ad in a Hollywood publication seeking employment as an actress.
 The Byrds fired David Crosby in the middle of recording an album, then replaced him with a picture of a horse on its cover.
 Murderers have tried to pass off their crimes as copycat Tylenol poisoners.
 Two large trucks that had collided head-on are pulled apart weeks later, revealing that a Volkswagen Beetle and its occupants had been crushed between them.
 A child drowned after jumping into the ocean to see SpongeBob SquarePants.
A fatal wave of molasses swept through Boston in January 1919.
 Infants have died or suffered debilitating respiration problems after aspirating baby oil.
 A man eating a lollipop choked to death when his car's airbag deployed, forcing the candy down his throat.
 Photographs show rats being prepared for human consumption.
 Because some restaurant patrons don't properly wash their hands, traces of urine are commonly found in the bowl of the after-dinner mints by the cash register.
 Photographs document crabs imported from China that have been injected with formalin.
A photograph of a nude young man pictures Judge William Pryor, a potential Supreme Court nominee.
Hillary Clinton staged a photo op encounter with a hiker the day after she lost the 2016 presidential election. 
A video depicts angry Muslims in Western mall tearing down a Christmas tree because it offended them. 
A photograph shows a violent anti-Trump protest in the United States in November 2016.
Gay Canadian filmmaker Chris Ball was severely beaten and bloodied by emboldened Donald Trump supporters shortly after the 2016 election.
Donald Trump's son, Eric, posted -- and then deleted -- a possibly illegal photograph of his ballot on Twitter.
A Newsweek-branded “Madam President” publication cover declared Hillary Clinton the winner of the presidential election prior to 8 November 2016.
FBI director Jim Comey placed a “Trump/Pence 2016” sign in front of his home. 
An image shows Hillary Clinton addressing a campaign rally attended by fewer than 25 people.
Actor Matthew McConaughey made a video endorsing Donald Trump.
WikiLeaks documents revealed campaign head John Podesta unflatteringly described Hillary Clinton's personal hygiene and intellect. 
Hillary Clinton tweeted that we should #DraftOurDaughters, encouraging women to go to war. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign manipulated a photograph to increase the crowd size at one of Bill Clinton's appearances. 
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton and her college roommate walking topless in the 1960s.
A photograph shows actor Bill Murray and a crying baby.
 Opossums can hang by their tails.
 Dogs not adopted after the closure of the Dairyland Greyhound Park will be euthanized.
 The Swiffer WetJet poses a general danger to dogs and other household pets.
 Four Paws withdrew a “pimple ball” dog toy from the market following reports of injuries to dogs.
 Penguins fall over onto their backs while trying to observe airplanes flying overhead.
 A study undertaken by the World Health Organization concluded that natural blondes are likely to be extinct within 200 years.
 A philandering cheater is handed a hacksaw by a wronged spouse and offered an unappetizing choice.
 The English language has at least one nine-letter word that remains a valid word as each of its letters is successively removed.
 The phrase “the whole nine yards” began as a reference to the contents a cement mixer.
 The death benefits paid to the beneficiaries of soldiers who died in battle were often enough to pay off the mortgage on the family home or farm, hence the deceased was said to have “bought the farm.”
 American “blue laws” were so named because they were originally printed on blue paper.
 Mistranslation at the United Nations results in humorous statement.
Nazi Luftwaffe commander Hermann Goering proclaimed that although “the people don't want war,” they “can always be brought to the bidding of their leaders.”
Sen. Chuck Schumer is on record saying, “Candidates with deeply held Christian beliefs are unfit and disqualified from serving as a federal judge.”
In a botched attempt to clarify his previous statements about Adolf Hitler and chemical weapons, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer said he meant Hitler never used them on “fellow Germans.”
Albert Einstein said “I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots.”
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” 
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch founded a 'Fascism Forever' club at Georgetown Prep and made white separatist/anti-Semitic statements.
Lord of the Flies author William Golding once said that women are “far superior [to men] and always have been.” 
Sinclair Lewis said “When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.”
Neil DeGrasse Tyson said his interest in “astrological [physics]” stemmed from his experience stealing and consuming large quantities of LSD as a young teen in Harlem.
President-elect Donald Trump said Africans are poor because “when it rains they think of sex instead of farming.”
New York Times columnist hailed the election of Donald Trump as a “complete repudiation of Barack Obama.”
Trump's chosen Secretary of Defense, James Mattis, called anti-war protesters “pussies.” 
Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi told Donald Trump supporters to “take their business elsewhere.” 
Joseph Stalin said some version of “It's not the people who vote that count, it's the people who count the votes.” 
A man was sentenced to 22 years in prison for stealing a remote control.
Women in a dangerous situation at a bar can order an angel shot to ensure safe passage into an Uber and away from a frightening man. 
Criminals at gas stations are handing out key rings with transmitters that enable them to track potential burglary or carjacking victims. 
No arrests were made after thousands of young people got into a massive brawl at a Kentucky mall because everyone involved was white.
A man was charged with a DUI for drinking too much caffeine.
A new trend in carjacking involves the theft of your license plates by robbers who later lure you into a carjacking by pretending they “found” your tags. 
Telling Siri to “charge my phone to 100 percent” will cause the virtual assistant to surreptitiously dial 911 or summon emergency services. 
A man was found decapitated and castrated behind a Walmart store.
An Ohio State University employee took to Facebook to urge compassion for a student believed to have rammed and stabbed multiple people on campus. 
A court ruling means priests in Louisiana don't have to report sexual abuse.
Marijuana legalization has led to an increase in crime and fatalities all over Colorado. 
Bill Clinton was expelled from Oxford University for raping a British classmate named Eileen Wellstone. 
 Cell phone users must register their numbers with the national “Do Not Call” directory by a given deadline to prevent their cell phone numbers from being released to telemarketers.
Ramsey Orta is going to jail for filming the fatal encounter between Eric Garner and New York City police officers. 
In accordance with a requirement of their original Royal Charter, the Hudson's Bay Company of Canada makes annual payments of elk and beaver pelts to the Queen of England.
'Secret lists' reveal price tag coding at Target and Costco stores. 
 Soles of Vans shoes are adorned with the Star of David so that wearers will “stomp on Jews.”
 Artesa Vineyards and Winery is planning to cut down 154 acres of California Redwoods in order to expand their grape growing area.
President Obama has decreed that the phrase “In God We Trust” be removed from all U.S. currency.
 A new law just passed in Louisiana makes it illegal to purchase used items with cash in that state.
 Retailers mistakenly scanned the wrong side of a CD bearing bar code-themed cover art, resulting in lower prices for customers.
 Students who offer a flat tire as an excuse for missing an exam are given a special make-up exam.
 Anonymous student caught working on exam after time has been called shoves his blue book into stack and runs away.
 Students who are greeted by the sight of a tape recorder spewing out the day's lecture retaliate by placing cassette recorders on their desks, setting them to record, and leaving.
 Harvard is offering tuition-free education to African-American students majoring in the sciences.
The kidnapping, string of murders, and wood chipper incident portrayed in the film “Fargo” actually took place in Minnesota in 1987.
The characters on the cartoon series Captain Pugwash had names that were sexual double entendres.
 The lion used for the original MGM logo killed its trainer and his assistants.
 The movie Unfriended is based on found footage and real-life events.
Phil Collins wrote the song 'In the Air Tonight' after witnessing an incident in which a man refused to come to the aid of a drowning swimmer. 
Children's television show host Fred Rogers hid a violent and criminal past.
 Actor John Ritter's testicles were briefly visible in an episode of Three's Company.
 Shortly before he died in a car crash, James Dean advised young motorists to 'Take it easy driving - the life you might save might be mine.'“
 A 'Newlywed Game' contestant said the 'weirdest place she'd ever made whoopee was 'up the butt.'
 A broadcast by Houston's KLEE-TV was received by viewers in England three years after the station had gone off the air.
 British street artist Banksy was arrested by London police and publicly identified.
 A historian recently discovered an eyewitness account of Jesus' performing a miracle.
 A neo-Nazi woman gave birth to a black baby after being inseminated by the wrong sperm donor.
 Green Bay tight end Brandon Bostick was shot by a disgruntled Packers fan.
Convicted Boston Marathon bomber Djokhar Tsarnaev was badly beaten in prison.
 Michele Bachmann said Martin Luther King would still be alive today if black people were allowed to own guns in the 1960s.
 The IOC has announced 3-on-3 basketball will be an official sport at the 2016 Olympics.
 McDonald's is discontinuing the Big Mac, apple pies, and large size menu items.
 President Obama wore an “I Can't Breathe” shirt to the Congressional swearing-in ceremony.
 Jaden Smith claims God told him to start a clothing line called 666.
 Illegal loggers in the Amazon rainforest accidentally cut down the world's oldest tree.
 Porcupines can launch their quills at attackers.
 Indonesian villagers captured a 49-foot, 983-pound python.
A photograph shows CNN reporter Anderson Cooper seductively posing in his underwear.
A photograph shows a man with the word “Trump” tattooed across his forehead.
A photograph shows a 'Spanish Dancer Jellyfish.'
A Syrian artist created a “Statue of Liberty” made from the rubble collected in war-torn Aleppo.
A woman who used a recalled brand of tampons saw herself become infested with ants and had to be treated with a grotesque fungus that turned those ants into zombies. 
A photograph shows a girl killed in a drunk-driving accident, with accompanying text recording her last words. 
A diet rich in vitamin D can reverse tooth decay and regrow portions of teeth lost to cavities.
The Whole Foods Market organic grocery chain has banned the use of gendered language.
Mike Pence's parents operated a chain of 'whites only' gas stations. 
Wikileaks' dump of John Podesta's e-mails reveal conversations he had with a former NASA astronaut about the existence of aliens, alien technology, and space warfare.
Photographers recently discovered a gigantic human footprint in rural southwestern China.
Jill Stein endorsed Donald Trump for President.
 The phrase “salad days” was coined by William Shakespeare.
 The word gringo came from Mexicans' overhearing American soldiers sing the song “Green Grow the Lilacs” during the Mexican-American War.
 “Little History Lesson” article accurately explains origins of many common phrases.
 Working each day with mercury-soaked felt turned hat makers crazy, hence the phrase 'mad as a hatter.'
 The origin of saying “Bless you!” when someone sneezes stems from an ancient desire to safeguard the sneezer's soul or to commend the dying to the mercy of God.
 The word 'cabal' is an acronym formed from the names of five ministers to Charles II.
 A person who gets what he deserves is said to have received his “just desserts.”
 A couple who return to the hotel where they honeymooned are shocked to discover their wedding night activities were videotaped and made available to other guests.
 90% of people in the U.S. marry their high school sweethearts.
Ezra Taft Benson said that voting for the lesser of two evils is still voting for evil, and one will be judged for it. 
Phyllis Schlafly once said, “There will be a woman president over my dead body.” 
When asked by Hillary Clinton why she thought the U.S. hasn't had a female president yet, Mother Teresa answered, “Because you probably aborted her.” 
Baseball player Jackie Robinson said, “I cannot stand and sing the anthem. I cannot salute the flag; I know that I am a black man in a white world.” 
During a radio interview, Rosie O'Donnell said, “I'd like to take my period blood and smear it all over Christians' [or pro-life people's] faces.” 
Hillary Clinton cited Robert F. Kennedy's June 1968 assassination as a reason to remain in the presidential race against Barack Obama in 2008. 
A list authored by Roman statesman Cicero describes “the situation during his lifetime.” 
Author Saul Alinsky dedicated his 1971 political tome 'Rules for Radicals' to Lucifer. 
Actress Betty White uttered a witty rejoinder to the oft-used phrase 'Grow some balls.' 
John Wayne once said that the taking of land from Native Americans was justifiable because they were 'selfishly trying to keep it for themselves.' 
Fox News contributor Michelle Fields said that “we shouldn't just give money to people simply because they are old.” 
Benjamin Franklin said it was the first responsibility of every citizen to question authority.
The philosopher Socrates said “when debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser.” 
'Star Trek' star Patrick Stewart admitted he originally refused to see the 'Galaxy Quest' movie, but eventually he did so and greatly enjoyed the film.
John F. Kennedy warned of what would happen “one day” after he was “long gone” in an eerily predictive manner.
 Dr. Seuss once wrote a children's book since banned due to its references to suicide and violence.
 The author of Alice in Wonderland sent an admiring Queen Victoria a copy of one of his mathematics texts.
 The protocol followed by some stores when a child is reported missing is called “Code Adam” after 6-year-old Adam Walsh, who was abducted and murdered in 1981.
The nursery rhyme 'Ring Around the Rosie' is a coded reference to the Black Plague. 
 Three common words in the English language end with '-gry.'
 Crowbars are so named because they were devices used to perform menial labor assigned to blacks.
 A misinterpretation of Napoleon's complaint about his cough resulted in the unintended slaying of 1,200 prisoners.
California has passed a law that legalizes child prostitution.
The FBI warned about the possibility white supremacist groups infiltrating U.S. law enforcement agencies.
A New York City police officer was caught on camera raping a teenage girl.
No one is calling out the racist killing of a white woman by a “black gang.”
The modern policing system in the United States originated from patrols intended to corral escaped slaves. 
70 per cent of the persons arrested during protests in Charlotte had out-of-state IDs.
A Massachusetts judge passed a law making it legal for black men to run from police because they are at risk of being racially profiled. 
The state of California pays criminals not to kill and sends them on free vacations.
A Darboy Walmart shopper encountered human traffickers using an unexpected menstrual period as a ruse, and a nearby police officer confirmed the interaction was a “new trick” used to abduct women. 
A man was arrested after sugar from his Krispy Kreme donuts tested positive for methamphetamine during a traffic stop.
A woman managed to call 911 during a domestic abuse incident by pretending to order a pizza. 
A Knoxville man was killed in a fiery collision caused by a wrong-way driver playing Pokemon Go. 
 Payment of U.S. federal income taxes is voluntary.
 There are more museums in the United States than McDonald's and Starbucks outlets combined.
 Plastic bottle caps can be redeemed to provide chemotherapy treatments to cancer sufferers or prosthetic limbs for wounded soldiers.
 The WEN hair care brand of cleansing conditioner causes hair loss.
 Spirit Airlines offers innuendo-laced promotions, including $69 fares.
 Tiger Woods named his restaurant “The Woods Jupiter” because Nike legally owns the rights to his name.
 Chick-fil-A provided free food to motorists stranded during a blizzard in Birmingham, Alabama.
 Mattel's new Hello Barbie toy will record and transmit children's conversations.
 Humorous essay describes “how taxes work.”
 Developers plan to build a super mall in the Grand Canyon.
 Organizers of a barbecue event in Alabama forced participants to remove American flags from display.
Locks of Love sells most donated hair for profit and charges ailing children exorbitant amounts for wigs. 
 A British Krispy Kreme outlet created a “KKK Wednesday” promotion, for their “Krispy Kreme Klub”.
 Chinese restaurants in the U.S. use cat meat in their entrees.
 The movie The Blair Witch Project is based on footage shot by three student filmmakers who mysteriously disappeared while making a documentary about the legend of the Blair Witch.
 A woman intent upon looking her best for a big day treats herself to far too many tanning sessions and cooks herself to death.
 Cher had her lowest pair of ribs surgically removed to achieve an ultra-small waist.
 Worker who stands too close to microwave radiation is cooked by its rays.
 Gang members are painting their gun barrels orange so police will be hesitant to shoot at them.
Michael Jordan said he doesn't care about kids dying over his shoes. 
President Obama was captured flaunting his erection to female reporters in a 2008 video.
A photograph shows a massive audience attending a Donald Trump rally in Panama City, Florida.
Leaked transcripts from Goldman Sachs speeches document that Hillary Clinton described progressive voters as a “bucket of losers.” 
A photograph shows the founders of Ben & Jerry's holding a sign that reads “We Hate Cops.”
A photographer captured an image of a dolphin caught in strong winds from Hurricane Matthew. 
Photograph shows a shark swimming down a Daytona Beach street during Hurricane Matthew. 
A photograph shows Daytona International Speedway flooded during Hurricane Matthew in October 2016.
JFK smoked cannabis in the White House during his presidency to treat various medical ailments. 
A video shows a Megaladon Shark at the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
A hiker stumbled across a scary “shrine” made out of missing persons posters. 
The night before a Hoboken train crash, an Upstate New York station aired a bizarre and unsettling Emergency Alert System test warning mentioning trains. 
Dozens of veterans' bodies were left to rot in a Chicago-area VA hospital's morgue. 
A video shows a mother forcibly shaving her daughter's head as punishment for making fun of a bald cancer patient.
A video shows a woman stabbing her baby to death to gain revenge on her boyfriend.
Gardeners can create a hybrid kiwi banana fruit by planting a piece of a banana and a piece of a kiwi in the same pot.
A video depicts a Muslim woman fraudulently using food stamps to purchase soda to resell at her store. 
Dairy Queen is hosting 'Free Cone Day' on 20 March 2017. 
Infamous criminal Charles Manson has been found dead in his prison cell.
CBP seized the phone of American-born JPL scientist Sidd Bikkannavar and demanded access to its stored data.
The AAA offers a free nationwide towing service during the holidays for motorists who have had too much to drink. 
Spraying a mixture of vinegar and water on your car's windshield will effectively help de-ice it. 
Restaurant chains are offering free meals to U.S. military personnel in conjunction with Veterans Day.
Southwest Airlines is giving away four tickets to Las Vegas and $5,000 spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page. 
 Photograph shows Queen Elizabeth seated next to a colonel whose kilt was a little too revealing.
 Couple hospitalized after becoming stuck together while copulating in the ocean.
 Scientists have discovered a vast reef of floating condoms in the Pacific Ocean.
 A man seeking sexual pleasure catches his penis in a swimming pool suction fitting.
Keanu Reeves lamented the objectification of women in an uncharacteristic way. 
Adolf Hitler said that the best way to control a people is to “take a little of their freedom at a time.” 
Liselotte Hubner remarked in 1929 that the rise of Hitler, a “blusterous man,” had dumbfounded educated people.
Abraham Lincoln authored a list of maxims beginning with 'You cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift.'“ 
 Abraham Lincoln issued a prophetic warning about the tyranny of capitalism.
 Nelson Mandela said that “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.”
 George Washington said that Jews were a dangerous scourge who should be “hunted down as pests.”
 The name of the annual Moomba festival held in Melbourne, Australia, was taken from a derogatory Aboriginal term.
 The book Go Ask Alice was the real-life diary of a teenage girl.
 A 1940s report on school discipline problems cited gum-chewing, littering and making noise in class as the most worrisome problems then faced by educators.
A woman was nearly kidnapped by human traffickers using a ring placed on her windshield as bait. 
A police officer was intentionally served a sandwich containing glass shards at a restaurant in Ohio.
Russia placed Black Lives Matter on an official “terror list” in July 2016.
A Black Lives Matter protest in Memphis obstructed I-40, leading to the death of a critically ill child transplant patient. 
Police in Rochester, Minnesota, assessed that an encounter with three Middle-Eastern men at Silver Lake Park was an attempted human trafficking incident. 
Philando Castile was a member of the Crips gang.
Philando Castile was wanted for armed robbery when he was killed by police officers.
Steven Hildreth Jr. was stopped by police officers for a broken headlight, but was let go with a verbal warning.
Alton Sterling was a member of the Bloods gang and had a lengthy criminal record.
Neo-Nazi Jeffrey Harris was identified as the man who shot and killed several police officers at a protest in Dallas. 
Alton Sterling was shot and killed by Louisiana police officer (and Donald Trump supporter) Robert Kinnison. 
Statistics demonstrate that crime rates in Australia have increased substantially since the government there instituted a gun buy-back program in 1997. 
false 
The Department of Homeland Security is secretly moving and releasing crowds of undocumented people into the United States.
Five women (two of whom were murdered) went missing in California's Fresno and Tulare counties, but police are suppressing news of the incidents. 
 The Fox News television channel has been banned in Canada because they report false information
 Child received a third-degree burn from a faulty Spider-Man watch.
McDonald's buys their meat from a company called '100% Beef,' which allows them to legally but deceptively claim they use 100% beef in their hamburgers. 
 Hershey's has blocked imports of Cadbury chocolate manufactured in the UK and other British chocolates.
 Instant cake mixes sold poorly until one food company decided to require the addition of a fresh egg to their product.
 The Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant chain has added a new surcharge in order to cover the cost of Obamacare.
Fox News won a 2004 court case allowing the cable channel to lie to viewers. 
 Item protests the awarding of World Food Prizes to persons associated with Monsanto and Syngenta.
 Target is offering free credit monitoring service to customers who may have been affected by its credit card security breach.
 Residents of Cape Coral, Florida, displayed 500 American flags after a store owner there was ordered to remove a U.S. flag display.
Richard Blum, the husband of Senator Dianne Feinstein, obtained a contract to broker sales of USPS facilities due to his wife's influence. 
George Soros donated $33 million to fund rioting Ferguson protest groups. 
 Ronald Reagan was the original choice to play the lead role in the 1942 film Casablanca.
 Actress Jamie Lee Curtis was born with both male and female sex organs.
Van Halen's standard performance contract contained a provision calling for them to be provided backstage with a bowl of M&Ms from which all the brown candies has been removed. 
 Radio host Dr. Laura Schlessinger stated during a broadcast that pit bulls in an animal shelter were “taking up space” and that they should all be “put down.”
Leah Remini found out during a phone prank Ellen DeGeneres' show that her husband was cheating on her. 
 Johnny Carson caused a toilet paper shortage in 1973 after making a joke on The Tonight Show.
 Kid Rock is the son of Hank Williams, Jr.
 Buddy Holly's group named themselves “The Crickets” because the sound of a chirping cricket accidentally appeared on one of their recordings.
 The satirical poem The New School Prayer was penned by a schoolchild.
The word 'fuck' derives from an acronymic phrase, either 'For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge' or 'Fornication Under Consent of the King.' 
 Facebook will soon make all private inbox messages publicly viewable to promote honesty among users.
 Bin Laden shooter Rob O'Neill was targeted in a home invasion gone awry.
 Tejano singer Selena's killer, Yolanda Saldivar, has been granted early parole.
 Facebook is disclosing the names of users who have posed for pictures with guns to the Department of Homeland Security.
 Sarah Palin told Sean Hannity Alaska has “all sorts of Eskimos and other foreigners.”
 A protester in Ferguson, Missouri, accidentally burned down his own house.
Hillary Clinton had a teleprompter hidden on her lectern during the first presidential debate.
Two white men were doused in gasoline and set on fire by Black Lives Matter members, and the story was “censored” by the media.
A Dollar Store princess wand called the “Evilstick” had a hidden image of a “demonic” girl cutting her wrists. 
Bruce Springsteen called Donald Trump an “asshole” on Twitter, signing off with the pro-Clinton hashtag #ImWithHer.
An image depicts a Tiffany-made slave collar on display at the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C. 
Image depicts police in Danville, Virginia, purposely obstructing dash cams by lifting the hoods of their vehicles. 
A photograph shows Donald Trump using an umbrella to keep only himself dry, while another image shows President Obama giving his umbrella to Michelle Obama to keep her dry.
A photograph of current and former U.S. presidents shows President Obama giving former President George W. Bush “bunny ears.”
A photograph shows an African tribe performing a ritual to reconnect a misbehaving person with his good nature.
The streets in some parts of Dhaka, Bangladesh were awash in bloody water after mass animal sacrifices took place on the Islamic holiday Eid al-Adha. 
In just over a year, more than sixty holistic health practitioners have died suspicious deaths, and the media refuses to acknowledge that these deaths might be linked.
Photographs show injuries sustained by a victim of the September 2016 St. Cloud stabbing 
A teacher in Missouri stapled a student's lips closed.
A Japanese study found electronic cigarettes (popularly called “e-cigs”) contain ten times as many carcinogens as tobacco cigarettes.
A Facebook page is giving away luxury RV's to users who like and share their page. 
The colored squares on toothpaste tubes identify the composition of the toothpaste enclosed therein. 
Amazon is issuing credits to many customers due to the settlement of an e-book lawsuit. 
Jordan's King Abdullah II murdered his wife, Queen Rania. 
Many Ticketmaster customers are eligible for free concert tickets under the terms of a class action settlement. 
A photograph shows MAC Cosmetics testing its products on a group of cats. 
Sharpie is giving a giant set of markers to all Facebook users who follow a short series of steps. 
Kim Kardashian wore a coat made from “South Russian Ovcharka dogs” to Kanye West's fashion show. 
Businesses are celebrating their anniversaries by giving away free product to Facebook users who share and like a page. 
Airlines are giving away free tickets or spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page. 
Nordstrom is giving $200 gift cards to Facebook users who complete three short steps. 
Wegmans is offering a coupon for $200 off a purchase to Facebook users who complete a short series of steps. 
Richard Gere will make a sequel to “Pretty Woman” if his Facebook photo gets more than 1 million likes. 
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is contacting taxpayers via e-mail to convey important tax return information, complete paperwork for a refund, or request payment on a balance owed. 
News photograph captions describe a black man “looting” and a white couple “finding” supplies in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. 
A photograph shows the living conditions of a group of pigs. 
A photograph shows a large group of people protesting against the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota.
A Michigan farmer was forced to destroy 40,000 edible cherries to make way for cherries imported from outside the U.S. 
A photograph shows a young woman staring down a police officer during a pipeline protest in North Dakota.
Hillary Clinton was responsible for the siege on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas, that ended with 76 civilian deaths. 
A photograph shows a group of sheep squeezing through a gate, despite no fence hemming them in.
A black-and-white photograph shows children playing on frighteningly dangerous (by modern standards) playground equipment in a public park.
Charmin had introduced a Pumpkin Spice variety of toilet paper. 
Drilling into the shell of an iPhone 7 will reveal the device's missing headphone jack.
Hillary Clinton wore a 'secret earpiece' at NBC's Commander-In-Chief forum.
A woman who appeared in New York after Hillary Clinton left a 9/11 memorial service for medical reasons was body double Teresa Barnwell, not Clinton herself. 
A photograph shows a large waterspout produced by Hurricane Hermine off the coast of North Carolina.
Image depicts a huge, inexplicably half-eaten shark found on a Florida beach. 
 A woman became pregnant from being struck by a bullet that had passed through the scrotum of a Civil War soldier.
 A couple rents a video camera and VCR and records themselves engaging in sex, then accidentally leaves the tape in the player when they return it to the video store.
 The exotic foreign medallion worn so proudly by a society matron bears an embarrassing inscription identifying her as a prostitute.
 Youngsters signal sexual availability with jelly bracelets.
 Green M&M® Chocolate Candies are an aphrodisiac.
 The location of a missing gravy ladle proves hanky panky is going on.
 Photographs show golfer Tiger Woods' wife posing nude.
 President Obama has ordered the Federal Reserve to adopt the Euro.
 President Obama filed federal charges against Darren Wilson moments after a grand jury's decision not to indict him was announced.
 The Department of Homeland Security uncovered a terrorist plot to attack Black Friday shoppers in several locations.
 Millions of Thanksgiving turkeys have been recalled due to avian flu.
 A teen boy was arrested for masturbating under a law that prohibits 'self-rape.'
 Sarah Palin said President Obama should put immigrants on a boat back to Mexico.
 Hillary Clinton wants to ban beards and impose fines on the bearded.
 Raven Symone said Bill Cosby “drugged and raped” her after The Cosby Show's last episode.
 Green Bay Packers wide receivers Randall Cobb and Jordy Nelson were caught using battery-powered, 'performance enhancing' gloves.
 NASA's Mars rover Curiosity found a fish fossil near the Windjana drilling target.
 A UN official lambasted the “entitlement” of the parents of slain Ferguson, Missouri, teen Mike Brown after they addressed the United Nations Committee Against Torture.
 Congress has eliminated the child tax credit, the earned income tax credit (EITC), and mortgage deductions from the tax code under pressure from lobby groups and the Koch brothers.
 Elvis Presley once said, “The only thing Negroes can do for me is buy my records and shine my shoes.”
 Politician cites the wrong verse as his favorite Biblical passage.
 Albert Einstein predicted that if something eliminated bees from our planet, mankind would soon perish.
 Singer Willie Nelson said of his September 2006 drug offense, “It's a good thing I had a bag of marijuana instead of a bag of spinach. I'd be dead by now.”
 Senate candidate John Glenn delivered a stinging rebuke to a challenger who accused him of never having run a business.
 American president George Bush asked Brazilian president Fernando Cardoso if “Brazil has blacks, too.”
 Collection of memorable misstatements attributed to John Kerry or George W. Bush.
 Famous musician orders all audience members of a particular religious or national group to leave his concert.
 Singer “Mama” Cass Elliot experienced an increase in her vocal range after she was hit in the head by a pipe.
 A case of the runs led to one of Raiders of the Lost Ark's most memorable scenes.
 'Bugs Bunny' voice actor Mel Blanc was allergic to carrots.
 Jimi Hendrix was dropped as an opening act from a Monkees tour because the Daughters of the American Revolution complained that his stage act was “too erotic.”
 The Beatles recorded songs entitled “Colliding Circles,” “Left Is Right (And Right Is Wrong),” “Pink Litmus Paper Shirt,” and “Deckchair,” all of which remain unreleased to this day.
 Soupy Sales routinely sneaked smutty jokes into his television program.
 The Tommy Tutone song “867-5309/Jenny” prompted a flood of calls to that phone number.
The lyrics to the 1966 Batman TV series theme song were produced by brass instruments, not human voices. 
 The Creedence Clearwater Revival song “Fortunate Son” was inspired by Al Gore, Jr.
 Forger steals money by manipulating ABA symbols on checks.
A Toronto film crew returning from a break found their intentionally garbage-strewn street had been cleaned by sanitation workers. 
 Man battles $0.00 charge that won't go away.
 A construction worker survived an accident that poked an 18-inch-long drill bit through one eye and out the side of his skull.
Drugged travelers awaken in ice-filled bathtubs only to discover one of their kidneys has been harvested by organ thieves. 
 Child falls on knife in open dishwasher and dies.
 Films are routinely made for entertainment purposes in which participants are murdered on camera.
 Women are being lured out of malls and into dangerous situations with the promise of appearing in television commericals.
 Soupy Sales was once suspended for asking his young television viewers to send him “little green pieces of paper” taken from their parents' wallets.
 One of the boys who murdered his classmates at Columbine High School prepared by designing new computer game levels that resembled his school and peopling them with representations of his classmates.
 In one of his films, actor Tony Curtis delivered the line, “Yondah lies da castle of my foddah.”
 Steve Burns of TV's Blue's Clues died of a heroin overdose.
 The full name of the title character in the television series Gilligan's Island was 'Willy Gilligan.'
 The group KISS took their name from an acronym for 'Knights in Satan's Service.'
 The Bob Dylan song 'Blowin' in the Wind' was actually written by a New Jersey high school student.
 At age 37 Jack Nicholson discovered that the woman he'd always thought his sister was actually his mother.
 Jim Nabors and Rock Hudson were married to each other.
 Edward G. Robinson personally funded the French Resistance in World War II.
 The Eagles song “Hotel California” is about Satanism.
 Chipotle has stopped offering pork at its restaurants in order to appease Muslim customers.
 It is illegal in the U.S. to carry $10,000 or more in cash.
 Burger King created a fake 'discontinued' sandwich from the 1970s for nostalgia purposes.
An Article accurately compares the salaries of top executives of several large charitable organizations. 
 Walmart is funding Al Sharpton.
 Employees at a Chipotle Mexican Grill in Brooklyn refused service to eight uniformed NYPD officers after making a “hands up, don't shoot” gesture to indicate their distaste for the policemen.
 Budweiser is ditching their famous Clydesdale ads in an effort to appeal to millennials.
 Photographs show toys from Christmas drives for the needy that were exchanged at Walmart for tobacco and alcohol.
 A busy NYC restaurant kept getting awful reviews, and surveillance footage revealed the reason to be that customer smartphone use was ruining the restaurant experience.
 The Koch brothers bought NPR and stopped the broadcaster's coverage of climate change.
 Timberland is owned by the Ku Klux Klan, a situation lamented in a poem by Maya Angelou.
 The New York Times revealed Darren Wilson's current residence address, then redacted it.
 Astronaut Buzz Aldrin admitted the Apollo 11 moon landing was staged on a movie set.
Jaden Smith stated he wanted tp have his penis removed on his 18th birthday.
 A toddler was ejected from a roller coaster after his teen mother circumvented height regulations and sneaked him onto the ride.
A baby was born with two separate minds enclosed in one head. 
The U.S. federal government is enacting a nationwide minimum hunting age of twenty-one (or eighteen).
 Seventeen kindergarteners in Wortham, Texas, tested positive for Ebola after being exposed to a Liberian exchange student.
 Gov. Chris Christie has canceled Halloween trick-or-treating in New Jersey over Ebola fears.
 Kenyan authorities have released papers confirming President Barack Obama's birth in that country.
 Crime anchor Nancy Grace has been arrested for murder.
 A study has linked eating grits with increased chances of fathering a gay child.
 E-mailed account tells the real story of Tiger Woods' auto accident.
 After collapsing at a post-concert party, a rock star is rushed to an emergency room, where doctors pump a pint of semen out of his (or her) stomach.
 A celebrity makes a trip to the emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.
Video shows a woman being hit by a car after fleeing her home from a prank intruder. 
CBS reporter Hannah Chanpong tweeted that Hillary Clinton was dropping out of the 2016 presidential race. 
Photographs show thousands and thousands of unsold new cars deteriorating in storage lots until they are scrapped. 
President Obama pardoned a “violent crackhead” named Wendell Callahan, who went on to murder a woman and her two small children. 
Photographs show a border fence between the countries of Mexico and Guatemala. 
A video depicts a Chinese vendor making “synthetic cabbages” for sale in American restaurants and supermarkets. 
A video shows a Disney Princess in Tokyo with a dress that changes color at will. 
A video shows a hawk snatching up a snake and dropping it amidst a family's barbecue.
Hillary Clinton used a green screen to add fake audience members during her August 2016 speech in Nevada. 
A photograph shows members of the U.S. government sitting during the recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance.
Bill Maher and Michael Moore snuck onto Donald Trump's plane and stole his tax returns. 
A video shows a shark attacking a surfer. 
 A nervous old lady dives for the elevator floor when a black man gets on and gruffly asks her to 'hit four.'
Adam Saleh was ejected from a Delta flight for speaking Arabic. 
The KKK marched on a bridge in North Carolina to celebrate Donald Trump's presidential victory.
 Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.
 Designer Liz Claiborne appeared on a popular television talk show and announced that she doesn't design clothes for black women because “their hips are too big.”
 During an MTV interview, singer Lauryn Hill said: “I would rather die than have a white person buy one of my albums.”
Photographs show 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick shortly after he converted to Islam.
A rare 'marbled fuark' was captured on camera in Eastern Cambodia. 
While collegiate athletes were sentenced lightly for serious crimes, a homeless mother was sentenced to five years in prison for enrolling her son in a Connecticut school. 
A video depicts a young woman's struggling to open a can of Spaghetti-Os as a crowd watches and cheers her eventual hard-won victory. 
A photograph of a 'My Daddy's Life Matters' sign included text explaining why its OK for police officers to shoot black men.
An Army memorandum announces martial law training and preparation to begin at Fort Carson, Colorado, in September 2016. 
A video shows a real farm that gets rainbow cheese from rainbow cows. 
A leaked video depicts a human sacrifice conducted by researchers at the CERN nuclear research facility.
“Mutation Response Vehicle” vehicles spotted near Longwood, Florida, are related to outbreaks of the Zika virus.
A tote bag bears a slogan poking fun at people who fear Arabic writing. 
Retailer Forever 21 is selling rings and other jewelry that include swastikas.
A photograph shows Donald Trump's solid gold toilet.
By participating in a Facebook “secret sister” gift exchange, you'll receive 36 gifts, books, or bottles of wine in exchange for one $10-15 contribution. 
 Chick-fil-A is offering an all-you-can-eat nuggets promotion.
 An indiscreet netizen reveals in what she thought was private e-mail between her and her lover that his sperm is “yum.”
 Las Vegas casino owners and the Nevada Gaming Commission are lobbying to legalize dog fighting.
 “CDC whistleblower” Brent Hopskins revealed that all doses of the Ebola vaccine contain an RFID chip.
 Starbucks drinks have been found to contain semen samples.
 The town of Purdon, Texas was quarantined after a family of five there tested positive for the Ebola virus.
 U2 singer Bono contracted Ebola while caring for a man in Liberia.
 The U.S. Department of State has issued a travel advisory for the state of Texas after a family of five tested positive for Ebola.
 The payment of federal tax refunds for 2014 will be delayed until October 2015.
 The first three digits of a bar code indicate a product's country of origin.
 Giant retailer Walmart is selling caskets and urns on its website.
 Starbucks has joined Monsanto in a lawsuit against Vermont to avoid the implementation of GMO labeling regulations.
 Malls are fining store owners $1,100 for every hour they refuse to open on Thanksgiving Day.
 Chrysler dealerships owned by Republican donors were disproportionately targeted for closure at the behest of the Obama administration.
 Monster brand energy drink uses a Hebrew version of 666 in their logo.
 Old Canadian $2 bills are worth $20,000 each.
 A Bath & Body Works manager refused to serve a group of disabled students.
 Maggots found living inside a package of Huggies brand diapers.
 A swastika ring was available for purchase from the Sears Marketplace.
 Oil giant Baker Hughes donated $100,000 to the Susan G. Komen Foundation and now plans to distribute 1000 pink drill bits.
 Comcast complained to the employer of a disgruntled customer and caused the man to lose his job.
 Urban Outfitters CEO Richard Hayne donated money to Rick Santorum and opposes gay marriage and abortion.
 Charles Shaw wine was sold cheaply because airlines could no longer use corkscrews after 9/11 and dumped their stocks of wine.
 The larva of a human botfly was removed from a child's eye.
 An Indian boy experienced a rare condition in which beetles bred in his body and emerged from his groin as full-grown flies.
 A cactus explodes and spews baby tarantulas everywhere.
 John Wayne's autopsy revealed 40 pounds of impacted fecal matter lodged in his colon.
 Jefferson Airplane singer Grace Slick named her daughter 'god.'
 An actor whose character had been killed during a live television production suddenly got up and walked off-stage.
 The child actor who sang “They're gonna taste great” in a Kellogg's Frosties commercial committed suicide, was murdered by bullies, or died of cancer.
 After a bank failure, the FDIC has 99 years to pay back insured deposits.
 Wild Kingdom host Marlin Perkins was bitten by a venomous snake on live TV.
 Leave It to Beaver star Jerry Mathers was killed in action in Vietnam.
Deborah Harry was nearly abducted by serial killer Ted Bundy in New York and narrowly escaped with her life.
 When U2's Bono announced that every time he clapped a child in Africa died, someone from the audience told him to stop doing that.
A second-hand coat selected as part of the costume for Professor Marvel in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz was discovered to have been owned by Oz author L. Frank Baum.
 During an episode of Julia Child's television program, she dropped a turkey on the floor and then picked it up and put it back on the counter.
The media is covering up that “multiple shooters” were involved in the mass killing at an Orlando nightclub. 
Canada has legalized oral sex with animals. 
Mothers of girls should be on the lookout for ice cream trucks (specifically Mr. Softee branded ones) as reports of chloroform kidnappings have surfaced. 
Spy cameras are commonly hidden in hotel room hooks.
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol is using a device called an “ERAD” to seize money from people's bank accounts. 
James Dobson said that parents should shoot transgender individuals if they use the “wrong” restroom. 
The FBI released a study ranking the connection between likelihood of criminal behavior and zodiac signs. 
Target sued a man for saving a girl from being stabbed in one of their stores.
A man claiming to be transgender allegedly assaulted a young girl in a Chicago restroom. 
An Oklahoma court ruled that forced sexual contact cannot be considered rape if the victim is intoxicated or unconscious. 
It is illegal to wear Anonymous (i.e., Guy Fawkes) masks in public in the United States.
Police in Collin County, Texas have quietly warned of serial kidnappings at local Target and Walmart locations. 
A bloody knife was recently uncovered on the grounds of O.J. Simpson's former home. 
Thieves can obtain your home address, banking details, e-mail address, phone number, and other personal details from discarded boarding passes. 
The app Down to Lunch is a covert tool for human trafficking. 
A woman named Amanda spared her child from blatant human trafficking agents in a checkout line. 
A woman was raped and murdered in Turkey during a trek for “world peace.” 
Turkey legs sold in Disney's theme are actually emu legs.
The entire Disney movie collection will be available for viewing through Netflix starting in September 2016.
Disney is replacing the “Tower of Terror” attraction with a “Guardians of the Galaxy” themed ride at their Disney California Adventure Park. 
“Black Diamond Collection” Disney films on VHS are worth thousands of dollars, particularly “Beauty and the Beast.” 
Disney is replacing its popular “Tower of Terror” attraction with “Elsa's Ice Castle.” 
 Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev was denied permission to visit Disneyland during a state visit to the U.S. in 1959.
A man killed and ate his wife after being stuck in an elevator for 71 hours.
 Shouting “Andy's coming!” to Toy Story characters at Disney theme parks will cause them to stop and drop.
On a golf course owned by President Trump, a monument stands honoring a Civil War battle that never happened. 
Department of Health and Human Services appointee Charmaine Yoest repeated the false claim abortion causes breast cancer.
The state of Michigan threatened local beavers with a $10,000 per day fine for failing to remove their dams.
A 43-year-old woman forced her unfaithful husband to eat his own genitals.
Former Alaska governor was critically injured in an automobile accident.
The Iowa State Fair logo is rendered as a silo and two hay bales that strongly resemble a penis. 
Camera phone video taken in a Mexican church shows a statue of Jesus Christ “miraculously” opening and closing its eyes. 
Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for the assassination of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. 
Iran's Tasnim News Agency blurred a woman volleyball player out of a photograph because she was in a bikini.
Leaked medical records document that Hillary Clinton exhibits signs of dementia and serious illness. 
Viral image shows a real panda seated next to a human being in the business class section of a jetliner. 
Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread. 
Viral images show specimens of a plant with flowers in the shape of the female body. 
The Cicret bracelet and app can project your smartphone onto your arm. 
An image shows that Hillary Clinton needs help walking up stairs is the 'latest evidence' that she is in poor health.
Photograph shows a rare, recently discovered trans-species of human-dog hybrid. 
Aldi is giving away 40% off grocery coupons to Facebook users. 
 Disney is giving away free theme park tickets to Facebook users.
 The state of Texas offers free towing services to stranded motorists.
 A song by the Beach Boys includes the recorded sounds of in-studio sex.
 A college student engages in cybersex with a man she encounters in a chat room. When the two finally agree to get together and consummate their relationship, they discover to their horror that they are father and daughter.
 When British police conducted a drug raid during a party at Keith Richards' Redlands estate in 1967, they found Mick Jagger eating a Mars bar out of Marianne Faithfull's vagina.
U.S. Marshals are arresting people who have not paid their student loans. 
Drivers should be on the lookout for face-slashing car thieves posing as individuals seeking directions. 
Two Maryland sheriff's deputies were shot and killed at a restaurant by a vagrant. 
The city of New York is installing public masturbation booths. 
Former “Full House” star Ashley Olsen was murdered. 
Eric Holder participated in the armed occupation of a Columbia University ROTC office in 1970. 
Criminals are furtively wedging coins into car door handles in order to more easily break into vehicles. 
An image depicts Muslim men buying or stealing propane tanks at a Miami Home Depot. 
Property owners in New York City will be fined $250,000 for using “improper pronouns” due to new transgender laws. 
An FBI field agent quietly warned a Missouri sheriff's department that a propane bomb attack is expected around Christmas. 
Middle Eastern men purchased dozens of burner cell phones at Walmarts in and around Lebanon, Missouri (ostensibly to carry out terror attacks); at the same time, multiple stores reported propane tank thefts. 
Vastly more mass shootings have taken place during President Obama's administration than that of any other recent President.
 There was a giant mass shooting at Bunny Friend Playground in New Orleans on 22 November 2015, but the media ignored the incident because the suspect was black.
 A total of 351 mass shootings took place in the U.S. during the first 334 days of 2015.
 Aerosmith once decided to play their set list in reverse, then opened a concert with their encore and mistakenly walked off the stage.
 The mortal remains of Charlie Chaplin were abducted and held for ransom.
 After a 1977 episode of Happy Days aired, the American Library Association reported a nationwide 500% increase in library card applications from children.
 An episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents was suppressed for being “too horrifying.”
 Paul Simon took the title of his song “Mother and Child Reunion” from the name of a chicken-and-egg dish he spotted on a Chinese restaurant's menu.
 Members of Led Zeppelin once employed a mud shark on a female groupie.
 A pizza delivery man played the piano part on the Bachman-Turner Overdrive hit “Takin' Care of Business.”
 The producers of the Lone Ranger employed a ruse to cover up the death of the actor who voiced the role.
 A customer closed out his million-dollar account after his bank refused to validate a 50¢ parking ticket.
 Actor-director Clint Eastwood is the son of comic Stan Laurel.
 The lyrics of James Taylor's “Fire and Rain” chronicle his reaction to the death of his girlfriend in a plane crash.
 The Tom Petty song “American Girl” was based on a student's suicide at the University of Florida.
 Mr. Rogers' car was returned after the thieves who stole it realized it was his.
 A 15-ton “giant shark,” previously believed to be extinct (and a “a parent of the Megalodon”) was captured off the coast of Pakistan by local fishermen.
 Artist Lana Newstrom is creating invisible art and selling it for millions of dollars.
 Jasmine Tridevil, whose “third breast” hoax captivated the internet, has been found dead in her home.
Texas is about to legalize marijuana for medicinal and recreational use.
 The remains of an ancient city were discovered in the Australian desert.
 President Obama will resign effective 1 January 2015 over new Benghazi revelations.
 A group of teenagers re-enacting the plot of the film The Purge 2 in Chicago murdered over 112 people.
 Remains of a Viking ship were discovered on the banks of the Mississippi River near Memphis.
 Photograph shows a honeymooner taking an underwater selfie moments before he was killed by a shark.
 Drug-laced suckers are being handed out to children in Arkansas.
 A vengeful co-worker made it his practice to urinate into the office coffee pot.
 Evian brand drinking water is filtered with cow's blood.
 Several students tripping on LSD stared at the sun until blinded.
 Man high on drugs slices off pieces of his face and feeds them to his dogs.
 Three suspicious Middle Eastern men (later found to be likely ISIS operatives) attempted to purchase vehicles in Virginia.
 ISIS plans to attack a WWE Wrestling event at Philips Arena in Atlanta.
 ISISis using “support Paris” Facebook avatars to track and target military families.
Victims of domestic violence can effectively send out a secret signal for help by drawing black dots on their palms. 
 Upon having her snapshots developed, a traveler discovers her camera has been used to take risqué photos.
A Star Wars trading card was altered to depict the droid C-3PO with an oversized penis.
 Bulgarian adulterers encounter their spouses who, by coincidence, were up to the same thing.
 Kanye West has been dropped as a Pepsi spokesman because of his criticism of the handling of Hurricane Katrina disaster efforts and news coverage.
 Dispatch from a physician describes conditions in New Orleans in the days immediately following Hurricane Katrina.
 The week after Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast, the game show The Price Is Right aired an episode offering contestants a trip to New Orleans as a prize.
 Man brags in e-mail about being on the phone with his fiancée while another woman was performing fellatio on him.
 Congress will be voting on a bill that would prohibit the use of affirmative action measures in admissions procedures at any colleges and universities that receive federal funding.
 Disaster survivor gives mistaken answer to an interviewer's question about the loss of churches in her area.
 David Letterman offered a “Top Ten” list about why there are no black NASCAR drivers.
 The Statue of Liberty was erected as a tribute to the accomplishments of black soldiers in the Civil War, and a black woman served as the model for Lady Liberty.
 Abercrombie & Fitch is offering “nigger brown” pants for sale.
 A celebrity is mistaken for a gardener and answers the slight with the ultimate comeback.
 Oprah Winfrey threw designer Tommy Hilfiger off her show when he announced, “If I knew that blacks and Asians were going to wear my clothes, I would have never designed them.”
 Tropical Fantasy contains a special ingredient that will render black men sterile.
 The U.S. Postal Service is discontinuing the Black Heritage series of postage stamps and destroying the remaining stock.
A group of lions intervened and saved Christian missionaries from being stoned to death by Islamic militants in Asia.
Georgia recently became the first U.S. state to “ban Muslim culture.”
At least one state banned Valentine's Day at schools because it is offensive to Muslims. 
Centerville Elementary School in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, canceled a Christmas play because two parents complained about reference to God.
A town in Belgium was forced to remove a nativity scene to avoid offending four Muslim residents.
Muslim refugees desecrated a church with broken liquor bottles, urine and defecation.
A Nigerian infant was born with message written on her hands saying Jesus is coming back.
Donald Trump canceled various White House measures accommodating Islamic prayers in the building, upsetting President Obama. 
A document held by a potential Trump cabinet member reveals his immigration plans.
The House passed a bill that allows government contractors to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. 
A Catholic priest placed an aborted fetus on the altar to urge parishioners to vote for Trump.
An image shows a Muslim child bride in Germany, proving Germany is submitting to “Sharia law.”
Pope Francis decreed that Catholics cannot vote for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 
The Reverend Billy Graham issued a surprising statement in support of Donald Trump.
Ted Nugent was killed in a Montana hunting accident.
Actor Denzel Washington was killed in a drive-by shooting in New York.
A death row inmate named Jeremy Morris ate a Bible as his last meal.
The Fyre Festival was oversold and rapidly descended into chaos, leaving attendees stranded due to its last-minute cancellation.
President Bill Clinton is on his deathbed in Arkansas.
Wisconsin Republican Paul Ryan is going to be replaced as Speaker of the House.
Hundreds of thousands of residents in North Korea's capital Pyongyang were evacuated due to “nuke” fears.
Ghazala Khan wore a hijab at the DNC as a political stunt and was depicted alongside President Obama without one in an earlier photograph. 
A photograph shows an orca leaping several feet out of the water.
An image shows a vintage Budweiser beer ad bearing the tagline “when you need to get her drunk.”
A video shows a suicide bomber exploding after falling off a skateboard.
A woman who grabbed a baseball away from a child at an Astros game was identified as child psychologist Grennele Brashkowitz. 
A video shows a mysterious UFO over an airport in Turkey. 
An image depicts a Hillary Clinton supporter standing on an American flag while waving a “Hillary for President 2016” banner. 
Disney/Pixar announced the release of 'Boo' (a sequel to Monsters, Inc.) in July 2020. 
Young prodigy Brandenn Bremmer achieved a number of successes before taking his own life at age14 so that he could donate his organs to others.
A photograph of a fatal motorcycle crash shows either an angel or the victim's ghost.
A photograph shows actor Elijah Wood with his identical twin brother. 
 Writer Harlan Ellison was rebuffed after making a crude remark to a tall blonde woman at a party.
 The latest thing in the world of fashion, thanks to Elizabeth Hurley: sequinned pubic hair extensions!
 The drug clomipramine has been known to cause orgasms in yawning patients.
 Friends gathered to view the video record of a newly-married couple's special day were instead treated to a literal episode of I Love Lassie.
A gang of Muslim women beat up a French bikini-clad woman because her swimwear violated their religious beliefs. 
 A police officer convicted of assault for kicking a handcuffed woman is engaged in hearings to retain his job.
A gang member died after trying to gold plate his genitals. 
Human trafficking rings are using job interviews to lure college students. 
 Video shows a woman wanted by the FBI for torturing a baby.
 Police have cracked a “housebreakers' code” by which cars or homes are marked with white Xs or other symbols for later crimes.
 A $100 Target coupon circulated via Facebook is real.
An Indian woman gave birth to eleven baby boys all at once. 
 Dell Hospital will contribute money towards the medical care of a 5-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.
 Scientists at a British university have successfully cloned a dinosaur from preserved fossils.
Home Depot is giving Facebook users a sizeable coupon if they complete a survey or share a post. 
A girl named Laura Buxton released a balloon that ended up in the hands of another girl named Laura Buxton who lived 140 miles away. 
 Facebook user Joshua Sherwood's three-year-old nephew Kinith Massey was gravely injured in a car crash involving a drunk driver.
Former NBA superstar Michael Jordan has died in his sleep of a heart attack. 
 A debtor can discharge his obligations by sending his creditor a check made out for a fraction of the amount owed with the words 'Paid in full' written on it.
 Facebook is donating $1 per share to a medical fund for a baby born with his heart outside his body.
Southwest Airlines is giving away free air travel tickets to those who follow online links. 
 Marvin Gaye deliberately recorded a wretched album designed to sell poorly in order to cheat his ex-wife out of royalties.
 Sherlock Holmes said, “Elementary, my dear Watson.”
 During a “Tonight Show” appearance, Jimi Hendrix proclaimed Phil Keaggy to be the greatest guitarist of all time.
 A record label inadvertently mistitled the U.S. version of the Electric Light Orchestra's debut album because of a misunderstood phone message.
 Jerry Lewis kept a significant portion of the funds raised during the annual MDA Labor Day Telethon.
 Musician finally masters extraordinarily difficult guitar part he heard on a record, only to learn the recording had been made with more than one guitar.
 Someone once wrote a check on the side of a cow, and the bovine check was accepted and cashed by the bank.
 A celebrity guesting on a radio program once announced with bewildered amazement that the following week's featured star would be Sonny Tufts.
 Edible Arrangements funds the terrorist organization Hamas.
 The title of the arcade game 'Donkey Kong' was the result of a mistranslation.
 Costco has removed copies of Dinesh D'Souza's book America: Imagine a World Without Her from their stores.
 A Huntley and Palmers biscuit tin included risqué images on its lid.
The Canadian $2 bill (or $5 bill or $10 bill) depicts the U.S. flag flying over Parliament.
 Account describes entrepreneur Sam Walton's efforts to evade paying his employees minimum wage.
 The artificial sweetener aspartame was originally developed as an ant poison.
An Atlanta police officer killed a baby following a breastfeeding dispute with the child's mother.
 Women in Germany face the loss of unemployment benefits if they decline to accept work in brothels.
 An Oregon girl's message-in-a-bottle was found by a boy in Hawaii.
 Oprah Winfrey has posted bail for 'sexy felon' Jeremy Meeks.
 An eyeball-licking fad has produced a widespread outbreak of ocular maladies among Japanese schoolchildren.
 Comedian Martin Lawrence was found dead in a hotel room.
 Two television stations aired 2012 election “results” early.
 Seventh graders in California are subjected to an intense three-week course in Islam in which they are required to pray to Allah and memorize Koran verses.
 Prayers are requested for Alanna, a 7-month-old Michigan girl who was badly burned in a bathtub.
 Article lists a variety of household uses for WD-40 brand spray lubricant.
 The abbreviation “LOL” means “Lucifer Our Lord” and is used in prayer by Satanists.
 Dell Hospital will donate 15¢ towards the care of Maria, a raped child, every time a particular text message is forwarded.
Singer Beyoncé Knowles was killed in a car crash.
 Porn star Sasha Grey was killed by Ukranian military forces.
 Actor Gene Hackman has passed away at the age of 85.
 The installation of blue streetlights in Japan and Scotland caused a reduction in crime and suicide rates.
 Article demonstrates how to eliminate U.S. oil imports from Middle Eastern countries.
 Former Navy SEAL Chris Heben was shot following a parking lot altercation and drove himself to the hospital after pursuing his assailant[s].
 Kaldrick Donald was unnecessarily shot and killed by a police officer after his mother called police for assistance in transporting him to a mental hospital.
 Criminals are modifying Super Soaker water guns to conceal shotguns or other large firearms.
 John Fawcett, a suspect in a number of sex crimes against a child victim, remains at large.
A video depicts Mike Brown assaulting an elderly man over a stolen backpack. 
 Parents should be extra careful with their children during the annual “Alice Day” or “Pedophilia Pride Day” celebration on April 25.
 A man who couldn't motivate police to investigate a break-in on his property reports that he had shot the burglars instead.
 ISIS has been recruiting children in Indiana to join a group called 'Daesh.'
An Oregon man was jailed for collecting rainwater on his own property. 
 Deputy Scott Wood was shot by black convenience store robbers, and the incident was not widely reported in the national media.
 A spectator at a football game was killed by a flying model lawnmower.
An orangutan raped an Irish tourist in Indonesia.
Trey Gowdy was forced into protective custody after two people investigating Hillary Clinton went missing.
Michelle Obama filed for divorce after discovering former President Barack Obama had a pregnant mistress.
Chelsea Clinton was arrested in April 2017 for having sex with a minor.
President Obama was served with a search warrant on or around 23 April 2017.
Schools in the UK no longer teach about the Holocaust for fear of offending Muslim students.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz will soon resign from the House due to pending, lurid scandals.
Hillary Clinton's assistant J.W. McGill was found dead after suffering an apparent heart attack.
Eddie Murphy died in a car crash in 2017.
Three power outages that coincided in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York were caused by Russian hacking.
There is a proven natural cure for cancer called sour honey, but pharmaceutical companies and politicians are trying to keep it under wraps for financial gain.
After passing a bill to make consuming raw milk legal in the state, several members of the West Virginia legislature fell ill due to drinking raw milk to celebrate the bill becoming law.
The FDA has updated its warnings for - and recommended limitations on - prescribing a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones, citing potentially irreversible side-effects including tendon damage and rupture.
“Slime,” a do-it-yourself gooey craft project containing borax, white glue, and shaving cream, comes with serious health risks.
Drug dealers are selling colored and flavored crystal methamphetamine known as “Strawberry Quick” to children. 
World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein bought terrorism insurance two months before 9/11, then collected double its value on the grounds that there were two attacks. 
Romanian newspaperman Cornel Nistorescu penned a pro-America editorial immediately after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
The 9/11 terrorist attacks trapped a World Trade Center employee inadvertently revealing his adulterous activities to his wife. 
Photographs show a New Jersey monument to the victims of 9/11 that was donated by Russia. 
A store in a Houston shopping closed on September 11 to honor one of the 9/11 hijackers. 
Actor Steve Buscemi was once a firefighter and assisted the FDNY after the 9/11 attacks. 
Anti-terrorism presentation warns about women in burqas buying up cell phones. 
 ABC banned on-air personnel from wearing American flag pins after 9/11.
Terrorists have acquired a large number of “missing” UPS uniforms. 
 A woman who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by his telling her to avoid a certain place on a certain day.
The Newfoundland town of Gander played host to thousands of airline passengers stranded there when American airspace was closed after the September 11 terrorist attacks. 
 Forty Marines rescued children from a Pentagon daycare facility on 9/11, then enclosed them in a protective corral of cribs.
Four thousand Israelis employed by companies housed in the World Trade Center stayed home from work on 9/11, warned in advance of the impending attack on the WTC. 
 311's innocuous name masks sinister ties to white supremacy, because 'K' is the eleventh letter of the alphabet, and 'K' repeated three times equals 'KKK'.
 AriZona changed its “Southern Style Sweet Tea” label after consumers complained that it depicted offensive images.
 The film Song of the South has never been released on home video in the USA.
 Complaints led to clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch's pulling a line of T-shirts based on Asian caricatures from their stores.
 Disney produced an animated film called The Story of Menstruation.
 The visual appearance of Tinker Bell in Disney's 1953 animated version of Peter Pan was modeled after Marilyn Monroe.
The personalities of the dwarf characters in Disney's animated film version of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs represent the seven stages of cocaine addiction. 
 Disney can legitmately claim that no one has ever died at one of their theme parks, because they always ensure that accident victims are removed from park property before being declared dead.
 In order to obtain financing from bankers for his new Burbank studios, Walt Disney had to promise to construct a facility that could easily be converted into a hospital.
 An artist commissioned to paint a mural for one of the Walt Disney World resorts furtively added a Nazi soldier to the background of the picture.
 Walt Disney prepared a film to be viewed by Disney executives after his death, in which he gave them all instructions about how to run their areas of the company.
Photograph shows eleven original staff members of Microsoft in 1978.
Chick-fil-A distributed“Back the Blue” shirts in the wake of July 2016 “Black Lives Matter” protests. 
A photograph shows Albert Einstein riding a bike while an atomic explosion takes place in the background.
'The Simpsons' animated television series predicted the advent of the Pokemon Go game. 
A video shows a man angrily renouncing his faith on Egyptian national television. 
A photograph shows Alton Sterling and two children holding guns. 
A photograph depicts last surviving veteran of a WWII battle group marching alone and crying in a Memorial Day parade. 
A photograph shows the skeletal remains of the Loch Ness Monster.
An image depicts an overenthusiastic Pride attendee injured in an attempt to sexually stimulate himself with a fire hydrant.
A photograph shows a female Muslim TSA agent patting down a nun at an airport.
A photograph depicts an unkempt Hillary Clinton, and she has demanded that it be scrubbed from the internet. 
UN vehicles have been quietly positioned for action in Virginia and Kentucky as a preemptive response to imminent economic collapse. 
A photograph shows a sign hanging from the Palacio Cibeles in Madrid, Spain, welcoming British refugees. 
A video shows a group of 'radical' Muslims rallying around a painting of Jesus' decapitated head in Dearborn, Michigan. 
An photograph shows a sleepy cheetah at a greyhound race. 
 Mikala White is missing from her Cherokee County, Georgia, home.
 A child dying of cancer wants you to send him cards so he can get into the Guinness World Book of Records.
 Singer Axl Rose was found dead in his West Hollywood home.
 Account describes Darrell Scott's statement before a House subcommittee on crime.
 Comedian Gabriel Iglesias is dead.
 You can receive a $100 Kohl's gift card by following three simple steps on Facebook.
 A vengeful Polish dentist pulled out all of her ex-boyfriend's teeth after he dumped her.
 The world's first hotel for sheep has opened in Japan.
 U.S. stores are experiencing a rash of thefts of Tide brand laundry detergent.
 Family member runs obituary for deceased parent that maligns his siblings.
 CBS has announced plans to produce a made-for-TV movie about the Terri Schiavo case.
 An alligator captured in the Chicago River in June 2008 was the first such creature ever found in that body of water.
Newspaper reporters fall for old funny name gags.
 A lesbian mother has scheduled her adopted baby boy for sex change surgery.
 Iraqi militant web site displays image of action figure toy identified as a captured American soldier.
 A Romanian couple named their son 'Yahoo' as an expression of gratitude for their having met over the Internet.
 A mouse set a house on fire after the homeowner threw the rodent into a pile of burning leaves.
Mia Khalifa was diagnosed with human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV.
 Photographs of a Canadian politician and his wife appeared over a newspaper article identifying them as serial killers Fred and Rosemary West.
The missiles displayed during a North Korean military parade were fake.
Julian Assange was kidnapped from the Ecuadorean embassy in London and murdered in April 2017.
Due to an obscure Massachusetts legal doctrine, Aaron Hernandez's death vacates his conviction and entitles his family to $15 million under the terms of his severed NFL contract.
President Trump's White House invited mostly white children to the Easter Egg Roll event.
A man in Florida cut off his own genitals and fed them to an alligator while high on methamphetamine.
A teen boy died of “orgasmic shock” after masturbating 46 times in a row.
 A serial killer is luring women from their homes by playing a recording of a crying baby.
 A can of wasp spray is a preferable alternative to pepper spray for protection against assailants.
 A convicted sex offender named Herb Carlyle is using social media sites to interact with children.
 Michael Brown's mother posted comments on social media celebrating the shooting of two Ferguson police officers.
 Image depicting Mike Brown's mother and her boyfriend (not his father) provides a truthful description of the teen's home life.
 The Israelis have developed an airport scanner alternative: a booth that detonates any explosive device a passenger is carrying.
 Criminals are marking homes with colored stickers or other symbols in order to steal dogs for use in dogfighting events.
 Smugglers are tricking innocent people at airports into transporting contraband in modified water bottles.
 The reality TV series Amish Mafia depicts the real-life exploits of Amish 'fixers' in Lancaster County.
 Two armed illegal aliens perpetrating a home invasion were killed by an 11-year-old girl with a shotgun.
 A man was ordered to pay $30,000 in support for a child that DNA testing proved was not his.
Donald Trump referred to Canadians as “snow Mexicans” in a 22 February 2016 tweet. 
A billboard that says “Make America White Again” is part of a political campaign.
A photograph shows several large whales feeding near a tiny boat. 
A video shows two Muslim men threatening people with a stun gun after seeing bikini-clad women. 
A photograph shows a baby moose holding a rainbow flag. 
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial was defaced with graffiti. 
A sea monster of giant size was spotted near Antarctica. 
A photograph shows a Muslim woman disrespecting the United States by sitting during its national anthem. 
The world's largest tortoise was 59 feet tall and weighed more than 800 pounds. 
Image depicts the Orlando shooter's father, Seddique Mateen, visiting Hillary Clinton at the State Department. 
Photograph shows Kevin Hart after he was mugged at a Miami nightclub. 
A photograph shows a futuristic new Audi truck. 
A photograph shows an abandoned military base that was abandoned after “something” escaped from the facility's “experimentation room.” 
A photograph shows one of Michelle Obama's daughters wearing a graduation cap decorated in a quote from Prophet Muhammad. 
A video shows a hunter getting attacked by a lion while posing with a recent kill. 
A photograph shows former Senator Robert Byrd wearing Ku Klux Klan robes. 
An image serves as photographic proof that Hillary Clinton is incontinent. 
An image depicts a young female Donald Trump supporter covered in blood following an altercation at a California political rally. 
Donald Trump attended a hate group gathering “snubbed” by former GOP candidates Mitt Romney and John McCain.
A Muslim woman entered a co-ed hair salon and demanded all the men there leave so she could take off her veil to get her hair done.
President Obama is planning on lighting the Empire State Building green to celebrate the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr on 11 September 2016.
An Australian military veteran single-handedly beat up eight Muslim men who attacked his wife. 
United States Special Forces killed a giant in Kandahar in 2002, and the government is trying to cover it up.
Taxpayers are picking up the tab for food shelves in Minneapolis to provide halal food to Muslims on welfare.
The Red Cross banned prayer in all disaster shelters, even those in churches. 
President Obama “enforced” an Islamic opening prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Photograph shows Tennessee public school students being forced to pray in a mosque.
Schools in Kent, Washington, have removed pork from school menus because Muslim families were offended. 
DNC speaker Khizr Khan, father of fallen Army Capt. Humayun Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood operative. 
Hillary Clinton said in a speech that Christians in America must deny their faith in Christianity. 
A group called the Satanic Temple wants to establish After School Satan Clubs in public schools to introduce children to the “religion of darkness.” 
Security improvements to the White House fence in 2015 included the introduction of Islamic symbolism to the design. 
The UN stated that taking children to church is a violation of their human rights.
School is no longer compulsory for Texas students whose parents believe in the religious concept of Rapture. 
Former Marine Imran Yousuf, a Muslim, is credited with saving 70 people during the June 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. 
Adolf Hitler never used chemical weapons (against his own people).
In ancient Rome, women would drink turpentine to make their urine smell sweet like roses.
Morris “Moe” Berg, a multilingual Princeton University graduate who played major league baseball throughout the 1920s and '30s, lived a life of danger and intrigue as a U.S. military intelligence officer in Europe during World War II.
A list documents the myriad reasons why people were committed to insane asylums in the 19th century.
Early in America's history, white Irish slaves outnumbered black slaves and endured worse treatment at the hands of their masters.
The crew of the USS Constitution (“Old Ironsides”) consumed more than 250,000 gallons of liquor and no water at all during a six-month voyage in 1798.
Each of the Confederate battle flag's colors symbollizes a religious concept. 
In a dying act of defiance, Polish dancer and Holocaust victim Franceska Mann shot and killed SS officer Josef Schillinger. 
President Trump's grandfather Friedrich unsuccessfully petitioned the government of Bavaria (now southeast Germany) not to deport him and his family.
President Lyndon B. Johnson sent a letter to the Smothers Brothers for making Americans laugh by mocking him on their show. 
Two grandchildren of John Tyler, the 10th U.S. President, are still alive. 
During the Watergate scandal, President Nixon blamed all of the controversy on the illegality of the actions of leaker “Deep Throat.” 
“Snowflake” was a Nazi term used to describe the remains of those who were incinerated during the Holocaust.
Coretta Scott King wrote a letter opposing Jeff Session's confirmation for appointment as a federal judge. 
Microwave ovens were banned in the USSR in 1976 to protect its citizens from harmful health effects.
An image shows a young woman who was beaten up by anti-Trump demonstrators at a rally in San Jose. 
Article details 'four things you didn't know' about Martin Luther King, Jr. 
A photograph shows an orphan lying in the chalk outline of her absent mother. 
A photograph shows a group of men with a recently killed condor in the United States. 
An image shows the difference between a lithium mine and an oil sands installation. 
It's possible to tattoo the whites of your eyes.
In 2016, police in Canada began adding Arabic writing to the outside of police cruisers.
Real skeletons of mythical creatures are on display at the Merrylin Cryptid Museum. 
A video shows Muslim men auctioning off women on the streets of England. 
Image depicts a Swedish girl brutally abducted and raped by three refugees.
Photograph depicts a mysterious and large sea creature that washed ashore in Mexico in June 2016. 
A photograph shows a misaligned bridge. 
Image depicts 100,000 bikers in Washington, D.C. at a rally with Donald Trump. 
Bernie Sanders flew on a private jet and served a lavish menu when traveling to Rome in April 2016. 
A video shows a giant alligator walking across a Florida golf course. 
A customer of Huck Finn's Cafe in New Orleans discovered a racist epithet on her receipt. 
A rare black rose grows naturally in Turkey. 
A photograph shows eight rainbows in Lehigh, Pennsylvania. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign created a #ManEnough4Hillary ad featuring a male model also associated with a syphilis PSA. 
 Walt Disney was born in Robinson, Illinois, and named after a helpful townsperson who assisted his parents.
 Disney animators slipped a single frame of a naked woman into a film to see if Walt could spot it.
 The horse-drawn hearse in front of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion is the actual hearse used to carry Brigham Young's body.
Over-the-counter painkiller paracetamol is contaminated with the Machupo virus and should be avoided. 
Massaging olive oil into breast skin and tissue can prevent and reverse “sagging.” 
Several brands of baby wipes available in the U.S. were recalled in 2017 because they pose a risk of serious infection. 
An American chiropractor is developing a labial glue as a menstrual alternative to tampons and sanitary napkins. 
The U.S.'s leading group of pediatricians issued a strong statement condemning tolerance of gender dysphoria in children. 
A law in Japan makes it illegal for citizens of that country to be fat. 
Warren Buffett proposed a constitutional amendment that seeks to require laws apply equally to U.S. citizens and members of Congress. 
“Obamacare” mandates that no one over 75 will be given major medical procedures unless approved by an ethics panel. 
A study has determined that Nutella brand spread includes a known carcinogen among its ingredients. 
A government report from 2008 states that 35,000 veterans of the first Gulf War died as a direct result of adverse effects from an Anthrax vaccine they were mandated to receive.
Scientists have determined a date in January is statistically the most depressing day of the year. 
 Violinist Joshua Bell played incognito in a Washington subway.
 The government will temporarily interrupt all television, radio, communications, and power in the U.S. on 9 November 2011.
 Blood from KISS band members was mixed with the red ink used to print the first KISS comic book.
 Sesame Street muppets Bert and Ernie are live-in lovers, and they're about to get married.
Pop star Lady Gaga is an 'hermaphrodite.' 
Due to a recent court ruling, It is now legal for women in the U.S. to display their breasts in public.
Did President Trump bully a boy by signing his hat and tossing it away at the Easter Egg Roll?
Russia has blackmail material on Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz, which is why he will not seek re-election.
A South African woman gave birth to puppies after having sex with the family dog.
On 20 April 2017 a Green Moon will appear in the sky, a rare event that only occurs every 420 years.
The White House Easter Bunny was sponsored by Paas for the first time in 2017.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that “ the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it.”
Donald Trump wrote in “The Art of the Deal” that if you tell people a lie three times, they will believe it.
 An automobile depicted on the back of the old U.S. $10 bill was a Model T Ford driven by Bonnie and Clyde.
 The Red Lobster chain is about to close its doors and go out of business for good.
 The soft drink 7Up was named for the number of its ingredients.
NASA spent millions of dollars developing an 'astronaut pen' that would work in outer space, while the Soviets fixed the problem much more cheaply and quickly by using pencils. 
 Atari buried millions of unsold E.T. game cartridges in a New Mexico desert landfill.
 King Digital Entertainment, maker of Candy Crush Saga, copied their game from CandySwipe and is attempting to cancel the latter's trademark.
 Several million fewer dependents were claimed on federal income tax returns the year the IRS started requiring taxpayers to list the Social Security numbers of their children.
 The U.S. government prohibits high mileage Volkswagen Passat automobiles from being purchased by U.S. customers.
Starbucks refused free product to Marines serving in Iraq, saying the company didn't support the war or anyone taking part in it. 
 Clocks and watches pictured in advertisements display a time of 10:10 in commemoration of the time of Abraham Lincoln's death.
 The image of a naked man is hidden in the artwork of Camel cigarette packs.
 A TV station was pranked with fake names for pilots involved in an airline crash.
 Dr. Ben Carson said that “anatomically, a Muslim's brain is wired differently than ours.”
 In the “dueling pianos” scene of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Donald Duck calls Daffy Duck a 'nigger.'
Eric Trump said his father planned to “cancel” taxes on wealthy people.
A United Airlines flight attendant slapped a 7 month-old baby in the face for crying during a flight.
At an Arizona town hall event, Sen. Jeff Flake told constituents “we can't rely on solar power because we can't tell people they will not have lights during the night.”
A Taiwanese airliner dumped human waste onto the top deck of a cruise ship.
President Trump has issued an order banning the 'Saturday Night Live' television show.
A convicted pedophile rapist was caught using a clown costume to hide in a child's room.
A couple seeking to conceive via IVF discovered through DNA testing that they were fraternal twins.
Police in Los Angeles discovered 19 bodies in a freezer with “Black Lives Matter” carved into the victims' skin. 
An increased number of men have contracted homosexuality after eating 'pastel colored Easter eggs.'
 Gang members are targeting police cars and civilian vehicles with PBA stickers and loosening the lug nuts on the tires.
 A woman was arrested for trespassing for taking pictures of an airport tourist attraction from a publicly accessible area.
 The Heartless Felons gang issued an order to kill all white police officers.
 The murder of Georgia youth Keith Passmore has been ignored by the media because the victim was white.
 ABC paid Darren Wilson $500,000 for his interview with George Stephanopoulos.
 Deandre Joshua and Shawn Gray were murdered after testifying before a grand jury in Ferguson.
 St. Louis prosecutor Robert McCulloch runs a charity called Backstoppers that sold “I support Ofc. Darren Wilson” shirts to raise money for the policeman's defense fund.
 Bill Cosby was accused of rape by 13 different women but settled the claims out of court.
 Parking lot carjackers are placing flyers or $100 bills on the windows of automobiles, then taking the cars when drivers step out of their vehicles to remove them.
 Photographs show Asian law enforcement officials negotiating with (and shooting) a suspect who was holding children hostage.
 Comedian Bill Cosby has sexually assaulted at least thirteen different women.
 The Mississippi state legislature removed fractions and decimal points from the mathematics curriculum of public secondary schools.
 The nursery rhyme 'Sing a Song of Sixpence' originated as a coded message used to recruit crew members for pirate ships.
Taxpayers footed the bill for prayer rugs at a St. Cloud school district after a lawsuit was brought by CAIR. 
Germany has banned pork from school canteens because it offends Muslim 'migrants.' 
British waterpark Waterworld has demanded parkgoers dress in an “Islamically appropriate” fashion because Muslim visitors were offended by bikinis. 
London's Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan banned images of “sexy” women because they're offensive to Islam. 
 Atheists are petitioning the FCC to get religious broadcasting banned from American airwaves.
A letter to radio personality Dr. Laura highlights fallacies in Biblical anti-homosexual arguments. 
 Billy Graham and John Wayne had a hand in the creation of the song “It Is No Secret.”
 A viewer received an insulting response after sending a complaint to ABC's web site about the television series The Practice.
 Quranic verse 9:11 speaks of the “wrath of the Eagle cleansing the lands of Allah.”
During the 1987 Iran-Contra hearings, Oliver North warned Congress that Osama bin Laden was “the most evil person alive” and that “an assassin team [should] be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth.” 
Microsoft's Webings and Wingdings fonts include hidden anti-Semitic and 9/11-referential messages. 
Mohammed Atta, a convicted terrorist released by Israel at the insistence of the U.S., participated in the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
Nostradamus predicted the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center. 
A Budweiser employee who saw Arabs celebrating the 9/11 attacks at a convenience store pulled all the Budweiser product from that store. 
 The planned cover for a hip-hop album due to be released in November 2001 depicted an exploding World Trade Center.
Actor James Woods observed and reported four suspicious men possibly making a hijacking trial run on an airline flight before the 9/11 attacks. 
 The “2 Millions Bikers to DC” group has been denied a “no-stop” permit for a Washington ride-through on 11 September 2013.
A video clip shows a Budweiser tribute to the victims of 9/11 that was only aired once. 
 Juval Aviv correctly predicted upcoming terrorist attacks against the U.K. and the U.S.
 Hotel room keycards are routinely encoded with personal information which can be easily harvested by thieves.
 A 60-year-old woman shot and killed two teenagers who were attempting to make her a “knockout game” victim.
 A speeder caught by photo radar mails the police a picture of money to pay his fine, then receives a picture of handcuffs in return.
 Account describes the shooting death of Antonio West.
Video shows a girl pulling puppies from a bucket and throwing them into a river. 
Image depicts a beagle blinded in animal testing carried out by L'Oreal cosmetics. 
Vatican City, the Taj Mahal, Yankee Stadium and five other landmarks could all fit inside the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. 
A photograph of the Andromeda Galaxy next to the moon was taken without a telescope in Finland. 
A piece of art depicting a man watering a tree in an attempt to hang himself won a contest for depicting the current era of multiculturalism in Europe. 
Photographs depict then-model Melania Trump (nee Knauss) posing provocatively for GQ magazine. 
The National Security Agency puts toilet cameras in restrooms for “research purposes,” and fines those who tamper with them. 
An image shows the inside of a leatherback turtle's mouth. 
An animated image captures a real-life road rage incident. 
Sen. Barbara Boxer flipped off supporters of Bernie Sanders off before claiming she “feared for her life” and exiting the stage at a Nevada convention, and a photo of the event has been censored by social media. 
A photograph shows the “Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse” riding out of the clouds. 
A video shows a ball of fire streaking across the sky at the same moment an Air Egypt flight went missing.
A photograph shows two people with the darkest and lightest skin colors in the world. 
Photograph depicts a Bernie Sanders rally in California attended by more than 27,000 people that was ignored by the news media. 
A photograph shows a group of North Korean generals wearing medals on their shirtsleeves and pants. 
A Canadian teen discovered a lost Mayan city using satellite maps. 
Supereme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been rushed to a hospital in an unresponsive state.
A Texas man found a dead rat in a partially consumed bottle of Dr Pepper. 
Sarah Palin claimed in an interview that Jesus Christ celebrated Easter during His time on Earth.
A photograph shows a record-breaking 320-pound shrimp caught by Canadian fisherman.
The state of Texas has legalized recreational use of marijuana.
Various restaurants around the world were shut down for serving for serving human meat.
The American Dental Association said semen cuts plaque and tartar by 77%. 
A New Zealand Woman died in Pensacola in an attempt to take an “alligator selfie.”
Drinking a glass of grape juice three times a day after being exposed to the stomach flu will prevent you from getting sick.
Two handfuls of cashews are equivalent to one dose of Prozac in treating depression, and can be safely substituted for prescribed drugs. 
Application of Vicks VapoRub to the soles of children's feet effectively counters nighttime cough. 
Cavities are contagious, primarily between intimate partners or children and caregivers. 
Doctors are now saying menstrual cramps are as painful as heart attacks.
Scientists have discovered a berry - found in only one region of Australia - that can cure cancer in 48 hours.
A California Senate bill gives the state the right to seize children from their families 
Vintage Pyrex contains unsafe levels of lead, making it dangerous for any sort of food serving or storing purpose. 
A Mexican mother's young son was recently poisoned by topical application of Vicks VapoRub. 
 A bank issued a credit card to a tree.
 Woman without driver's license tries to cash check by offering magazine featuring nude photos of herself as identification.
 Customer clears installment loan early by sending the last coupon in the payment book with his first payment.
 Crook posing as security guard places 'OUT OF ORDER' sign on bank's night depository and collects depositors' money himself.
 Enterprising crook scams money by leaving blank deposit slips imprinted with his account number in the bank.
 Annual stock market trends are predicted by the winner of each year's Super Bowl.
 Bank employee embezzles large amount of money by stealing small sums from many different accounts.
 The Beatles' song “Because” is Beethoven's “Moonlight Sonata” played backwards.
 Steven Spielberg got his start in the film industry by sneaking into Universal Studios and commandeering an unoccupied office.
 Jared Fogel, the star of commercials for the Subway chain of sandwich stores, has died.
 Marilyn Monroe had six toes on each foot.
 Prayers are needed for the city of Queragosh (Qaraqosh), which has fallen to ISIS and is seeing Christian children being beheaded in large numbers.
 A five-year-old girl named Sabrina Fair Allen is missing from her Austin, Texas, home.
 Prayers are needed for Christopher Hamrick, who was injured in a car accident in 2012.
 “Facebook companies” are contributing money towards the medical care of a 9-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.
 Comedian Andy Kaufman is alive, many years after faking his death.
A photograph shows President Obama pointing to a “Bernie 2016” sign. 
Image shows a massive Bernie Sanders rally in California. 
An Obamacare questionnaire asked respondents whether they'd ever been in an accident resulting in their own deaths. 
Elsa will have a female love interest in the sequel to “Frozen.” 
A photograph shows a group of underappreciated Vietnam veterans. 
A photograph shows a spiral cloud formation encircling a tower. 
A video shows a 'self-driving bicycle' created by Google.
A photograph shows a person giving a “shaka” sign to a whale. 
A video showcasing footage of violent refugees features audio of Donald Trump reciting the lyrics to a song entitled “The Snake.” 
A video shows a time-traveling spectator using a camera phone to take photographs at a Mike Tyson fight back in 1995. 
A photograph depicts a glamorous “young Harriet Tubman.” 
A video shows Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu telling Hillary Clinton that he wants to maximize civilian casualties. 
“Sharpie Shock Challenge” videos show people getting shocked by their camera's flash. 
A lesbian was removed from a women's bathroom by police in North Carolina because she wasn't feminine enough. 
Photograph depicts a Jewish mother hugging her toddler daughter before both were shot to death by Nazis. 
A photograh showing a body of water with two distinct colors is a permanent location where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf Of Mexico. 
A video shows an airport worker destroying a plane after they were fired. 
 NFL quarterback Peyton Manning was arrested on drug charges.
A photograph shows an anti-rape device known as RapeX, a female condom with teeth lining the inside. 
Plastic soda bottles left in unsuspecting residents' yards may be bottle bombs. 
 Crooks are fingered by the electronic locators contained in items they steal.
 Gospel singer Marvin Sapp is linked to the disappearance of Dr. Teleka Patrick.
College student evades a cop-impersonating rapist by dialing #77 or 112 on her cell phone. 
 Photographs show the proceeds from drug sales found during a raid of Mexican drug dealers' residence.
 Photos taken with your smartphone can provide others with the locations of the people pictured and allow hackers to clone your phone.
A “gay sex predator” sodomized two burglars after they broke into his home.
 The 2-year-old son of NFL star Adrian Peterson has died as the result of an apparent beating.
President Trump has signed visa-free travel policies for residents of a number of different countries.
The White House cancelled the 2017 Easter Egg roll.
A recent fiery automobile accident claim the lives of two mothers and five children as two fathers tried desperately to save them.
The Daily Mail posted, and then deleted, a story saying the U.S. had given the “green light” for a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the United States was “absolutely ready for World War III” under President Donald Trump's strong leadership.
President Trump voiced his support for United Airlines following the release of a video showing the a passenger being forcibly from a flight.
An Indiana man filmed Comcast Xfinity repairmen causing automobile accidents, then refusing to take responsibility. 
Car headrests were deliberately designed to be removed so that they can be used to smash windows during emergencies. 
PIctures show that Dodge is offering an elephant skin interior with their new Challenger SRT Hellcat. 
A man whose car bore personalized license plates reading 'NO PLATE' received notices for thousands of unpaid parking tickets.
 Photographs show automobiles tightly packed in a compact German public parking garage.
 A complicated Honda Accord commercial was achieved without the use of computer-generated images.
 To enhance maximum driving safety, motorists should keep their hands at the 10 and 2 o'clock positions on the steering wheel.
 States are installing 'point-to-point' cameras along highways that automatically track and ticket speeders based on the amount of time it takes them to travel between two checkpoints.
 A motorcycle enthusiast buys an old machine, then discovers the bike once belonged to Elvis Presley and sells it for millions of dollars.
 In the autumn of 2001, fear of exposure to anthrax delivered by mail ran high.
 Osama bin Laden owns extensive gum arabic holdings.
 Photograph shows a Pepsi can with an illustration reminiscent of the 9/11 attacks.
 In the wake of the assault on the World Trade Center towers, a bound pair of hands was found atop one of the neighboring buildings.
 First responders and clergy are not invited to the 2011 September 11 memorial ceremony at ground zero.
 Osama bin Laden was captured long ago, but the U.S. government is keeping this news under wraps until just before the 2004 Presidential election.
 Clear Channel Communications banned their American radio stations from playing specified songs in order to avoid offending listeners.
 Women: Take off your clothes and scare terrorists!
 The pastor of New York's Times Square Church directed his church to prepare 2,000 sandwiches on 10 September 2001, in anticipation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
The damage to the Pentagon on September 11 was caused by something other than a hijacked Boeing 757's being crashed into its side. 
The modern image of Jesus is modeled on Cesare Borgia, a gangster's son. 
Thomas Edison's mother lied about the contents of a letter from her son's school informing her that the school had expelled him for “mental deficiencies.” Instead, she told the boy the letter said he was a genius who would be better off being homeschooled. 
Washington, D.C., has no 'J' Street because city designer Pierre L'Enfant bore a grudge against Chief Justice John Jay. 
A 1922 New York Times article reported that Adolf Hitler “was merely using anti-Semitic propaganda as a bait to catch masses of followers”. 
Stone Age tunnels have been found that stretch thousands of miles all the way from Scotland to Turkey.
A circulating list of nine historical “facts” about slavery accurately details the participation of non-whites in slave ownership and trade in America. 
Files released by the FBI prove that Adolf Hitler escaped Germany for Argentina.
An essay outlines the fates of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. 
 The Alicia Keys song “Diary” prompted a deluge of calls to her old phone number.
 Outtake from the Mister Ed TV series captures the talking equine making a racist comment.
 The Gerber Baby is a likeness of Humphrey Bogart as an infant.
 The Alanis Morissette song “You Oughta Know” is about actor Dave Coulier from TV's Full House.
 KISS bassist Gene Simmons had a cow's tongue grafted onto his own.
 Account describes woman's finding wallet belonging to actress Lindsay Lohan.
 Alka-Seltzer dramatically increased its sales by instructing consumers to use two tablets instead of one.
 The three most valuable brand names on Earth are Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
 The Samburu tribesman appearing in a Nike commercial was supposed to say the equivalent of “Just Do It” in his native language, but he said something entirely different instead.
 The discount chain E.J. Korvette took its name from a shortening of 'eight Jewish Korean War veterans' in honor of its founding partners.
 The Monsanto Protection Act creates a “precedent-setting limitation on judicial review of genetically-engineered crops.”
 Roofers mysteriously return to re-do a job that had been completed four years earlier.
 Forever 21 demoted its employees to part-time status “to retaliate against Obamacare.”
 U.S. law specifies that merchants do not have to accept more than 100 pennies in payment.
 The president of Procter & Gamble announced on a popular talk show that he donates a portion of the company's profits to the Church of Satan.
 Continental Airlines CEO Gordon Bethune once personally threw a passenger off an airplane for being rude to a flight attendant.
 The Lowe's home improvement chain sells American flag doormats.
Tequila fights viruses, aids weight loss, and is beneficial for people afflicted with gastrointestinal illness. 
Men abandoned a groundbreaking study on male birth control due to side effects such as mood changes, muscle pain, and acne.
The Amish don't get autism because they do not vaccinate their children.
The World Health Organization has listed being single as a disability under their definition of infertility.
Doctors are now warning parents to never use baby wipes because they contain a “chemical” called methylisothiazolinone. 
Australia is the first country to begin microchipping its citizens. 
Dandelion root can kill 98 percent of cancer cells in 48 hours.
Watching horror movies increases calorie consumption and reduces the risk of obesity. 
Researchers have found a simple cure for cancer, but major pharmaceutical companies are not interested because it isn't patentable. 
 A video clip shows a NASA studio-produced 'outtake' of the first moon landing.
 A particular college course of study was labeled “the toughest” by the Guinness Book of World Records.
 A Marine named Shawn Vernon seeks help in locating a box of lost shirts.
 List collects comments made in the year 1955.
Video shows the deleterious results of using Head & Shoulders shampoo. 
 Stephanie Courtney, the actress who plays the character of Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance, is dead.
 Japanese scientists have successfully cloned a saber-tooth tiger.
 Pop star Justin Bieber has admitted on Twitter to being bisexual.
 Ben & Jerry's outlets are offering free ice cream on 8 April 2014.
 Rescue expert's 'Triangle of Life' article provides good advice about earthquake safety.
 Justin Bieber has cancer, and fans are shaving their heads in support of him.
 Poem and picture document a child abuse victim.
 O.J. Simpson was caught stealing cookies in prison.
 Door-to-door booksellers with Slavic accents are targeting young girls for sex trafficking.
 “Sliders” steal women's purses while their owners are busy pumping gas.
 A division of the U.S. Department of Justice organized rallies calling for the arrest and prosecution of George Zimmerman.
 Graphic compares the shooting deaths of Trayvon Martin and Marley Lion.
 Roderick Scott was acquitted after shooting a teenager who was breaking into cars.
 Koch Industries paid the legal fees of George Zimmerman.
 Two British teens who killed a child when they were ten years were granted anonymity for life by the courts and released from custody in June 2001.
 The Obama administration has “filed federal charges against George Zimmerman.”
 An 18-year-old student named Cameron D'Ambrosio was arrested on terrorism charges over material he posted on Facebook.
On 1 May 2016, Saturn will be prominently visible in both the day and night sky. 
Earth's magnetosphere collapsed for two hours on 23 April 2016. 
Landmarks all over the world were bathed in purple light to honor Prince after his death in April 2016. 
A paramedic saved the doctor who saved his life as a baby. 
A photograph captures Harriet Tubman as a “Gun-Toting, Democrat-Shooting” Republican. 
Leftover campaign funds are being used to give out $10 worth of free gas when you swipe your driver's license at the pump. 
A photograph shows moose enjoying a wading pool while watching a car burn. 
A video shows a group of whales coming to the surface after hearing an orchestra playing music. 
A video shows a glass jar being cut with nothing more than water, oil and heat. 
A photograph shows hundreds of Christians who were burned alive by Muslims in Nigeria. 
Ret. Sgt. Gregory Hayes beat two Syrian refugees to death after they raped his daughter, and now faces life in prison. 
A photograph shows a “Wecome to Australia” sign informing immigrants that they have to work to earn money. 
Photograph depicts massive rally for Bernie Sanders in Washington Square Park in April 2016. 
A video shows Oscar, the world's first modular life form. 
A photograph shows a female wolf protecting a male's throat during a fight. 
A photograph shows an obese tiger. 
A photograph shows Paul McCartney wearing a t-shirt with the word “adopt” written across the chest. 
The Pentagon awarded United Airlines a contract to forcibly remove Bashar al-Assad from Syria.
Malia Obama was expelled from Harvard for a drug violation.
Black Lives Matter protests in Ferguson were funded by Russia or Russian interests.
The Trump Organization won a contract to rebuild the Syrian airport destroyed in a United States missile attack.
President Trump owns stock in Raytheon and directly profited from the use of their Tomahawk missiles in an April 2017 U.S. strike on a Syrian air base.
Donald Trump said that the United States should build a fence around New Mexico.
A group of Danish students proved that Wi-Fi signals harm human health in a study involving routers and cress seeds.
Research by a cosmetics company found that women with natural hair have lower self-esteem than women with treated hair.
 A U.S. company banned its employees from displaying American flags.
 Terrorists purchased large amounts of candy from Costco stores in New Jersey just before Halloween 2001.
 President George W. Bush was nominated to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
 Associated Press briefly carried a photo showing a sailor on the USS Enterprise signing a bomb with the words “HIGH JACK THIS FAGS.”
 Sylvester Stallone will tackle the Taliban and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in an upcoming Rambo film.
 The Clinton administration failed to track down the perpetrators of several terrorist attacks against Americans.
 Vietnam veteran Brian Shul delivered a patriotic speech in Chico, California, in 2001.
 Photograph shows sunrise through the World Trade Center towers.
 Tires or bumpers of cars parked outside gun stores are marked by gangs to later identify them as potential gun theft opportunities.
 Anthony Weakfall, a 15-year-old accused of killing infant Imani Jennings, has been charged as a juvenile and therefore cannot receive a sentence of more than five years in prison.
 Police are looking for a beating suspect named Dusty Wes Edwards.
 Photograph shows a woman named Mallory Owens who was severely beaten because she is a lesbian.
 A football player at Lancaster High School severely beat a gay student but was not charged with a crime.
 The DEA has been erecting billboards announcing an upcoming crackdown on the drug supply.
 Bob and Nancy Strait, a Tulsa, Oklahoma couple, were beaten and robbed in their home.
Black lawn jockey figures were used to aid escaping slaves on the Underground Railroad. 
 Photographs show a cache of weapons confiscated from a site on the Arizona border.
The term “monkey wrench” was originally used to insult the tool's African-American inventor Jack Johnson. 
The eleven points on the maple leaf of Canada's flag represent the number of Canadian provinces and territories. 
George Washington told of an angel who revealed a prophetic vision of America to him at Valley Forge. 
 The U.S. constitution requires that presidential and vice-presidential candidates be from different states
List describes a number of amazing coincidences that can be found between the assassinations of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy. 
 When John Hancock affixed his famously large signature to the Declaration of Independence, he proclaimed, “There, I guess King George will be able to read that!”
 The Missouri state government issued “nigger hunting” Licenses in 1995.
 A pair of hoaxsters once led hundreds of gullible New Yorkers into participating in a scheme to saw Manhattan Island in half.
 Ulysses S. Grant once handed out an exploding cigar that paid off decades later.
 Account describes the shooting of White Plains resident Kenneth Chamberlain.
 Sneezing seven times in a row is the same as an orgasm.
 Article contrasts sentences given to Roy Brown and Paul R. Allen.
Shoplifter who attempts to conceal a chicken under her hat is caught when the frozen loot renders her unconscious. 
 Gang initiates in Montgomery, Alabama, are sneaking into cars at service stations and raping white female motorists.
 E-mail describes an attempted robbery at a Wichita, Kansas, convenience store.
 Bulletin warns that a new drug called Jenkem, made by fermenting raw sewage, is a “popular drug in American schools.”
 Thieves at shopping malls are placing sharpened spikes up against the tires of shoppers' vehicles with an eye to disabling these vehicles and robbing shoppers who are attempting to drive home.
 E-mail describes an attempted rape in Vacaville, California.
 E-mail describes a case of three women being slipped Rohypnol by a St. Louis bartender and then raped.
 Jane Fonda and Ted Turner were refused service in a restaurant run by a Vietnam War veteran.
 The Ohio Players' recording of the song “Love Rollercoaster” includes the scream of a murdered woman.
 John Lennon deliberately chose the song title Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds because the initial letters of key words form the acrostic “LSD”.
 The title of the Doors song “Five to One” refers to the ratio of Viet Cong to American troops in Vietnam.
 The Peter, Paul & Mary tune “Puff, the Magic Dragon” is a coded song about marijuana.
 The Eric Clapton song “Tears in Heaven” is a tribute to Conor Clapton, Eric's pre-school son, who died in an accident in 1991.
 The title of the David Crosby song “Page 43” is a reference to the New Testament.
 Jan Berry of Jan & Dean had a near-fatal automobile accident on the very same road the duo had sung about in their hit “Dead Man's Curve.”
 The song “Gloomy Sunday” was once banned because of its connection with many suicides.
 A song appearing on the final Byrds album was sung by a roadie.
 Johnson & Johnson has lost its license to sell cosmetics.
 A cannery stuck with unmarketable pale salmon turned this handicap around by boldly labeling their product as “Guaranteed not to turn pink in the can!”
 The lubricating spray WD-40 is so named because it was the product of the 40th attempt at creating a water displacing substance.'
 Dairy groups are petitioning the FDA to allow the use of artificial sweeteners in milk without labeling requirements.
 DKNY used a New York street photographer's pictures without permission.
 Image presents information about Costco CEO James Sinegal.
 Hostess approved large pay increases for executives while the company was preparing a bankruptcy filing.
 Lockheed Martin is going to lay off 123,000 workers due to military downsizing but is not sending out layoff notices at the behest of the Obama administration.
 Alabama utility crew workers were turned away from helping repair storm-ravaged areas of New Jersey because they were not union members.
 An employer issued a missive to his employees stating that any additional taxes on his business would result in his shutting the company down.
 The Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009 would eliminate home gardens and put organic farmers out of business.
 Terrorists are planning to launch attacks from 7-Eleven stores on July 11 2002.
 Ice sculpture depicts an angel leaning on the shoulder of an exhausted New York City firefighter.
 Account describes pilot's pre-9/11 encounter with hijacker Mohamed Atta.
 Clean-up workers at the World Trade Center found two metal beams in the shape of a cross.
 Employees at Dunkin' Donuts outlets desecrated American flags and celebrated the 9/11 terrorist attack on America.
 Six men of Middle Eastern appearance were stopped by police in the Midwest but released, even though they possessed Israeli passports and photographs and descriptions of a nuclear power plant in Florida and the Trans-Alaska pipeline.
Images of the World Trade Center fire reveal the face of Satan. 
 A woman who had survived the destruction of the World Trade Center died on American Airlines Flight 587 just two months later.
 On NBC's Today program, Billy Graham's daughter said to Bryant Gumbel that “We need to make up our mind - do we want God or do we not want Him . . . We cannot just ask Him in when disaster strikes.”
 Coded images in oil paintings reveal plans for an upcoming “massive germ attack on the U.S.”
 Sending a petition to the United Nations will help prevent a war between the U.S. and Iraq.
 Prior to the terrorist attack on the morning of September 11, no cabs could be found around the World Trade Center.
Chelsea Clinton's home is actually a medical care facility for Hillary Clinton in order to more effectively hide and treat her health problems. 
Canada has legalized heroin for general use. 
Ann Scott, the wife of Florida's governor, owns a Zika mosquito spraying business. 
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) has classified kratom as a Schedule I substance as of 30 September 2016. 
A viral video shows a newborn baby delivered inside an intact amniotic sac. 
Dr. Hardin B. Jones recently revealed that chemotherapy doesn't work 97% of the time, and doctors only recommend it to get kickbacks. 
The Hobby Lobby chain is closing all its stores in protest over a federal contraceptives mandate. 
Products from Pepsi and other major food producers are 'manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies.' 
Jean Hilliard made a full recovery after she was found frozen in sub-zero temperatures. 
Stem cells can be harvested from baby teeth, so it's a good idea to preserve them in private stem cell banks for future use in medical treatments. 
A study proved e-cigarette use (or vaping) leads to an incurable condition known as “popcorn lung.” 
Coffee serves as an effective mosquito repellant and protection against infection by the Zika virus. 
A 12-year-old Wisconsin girl in died as a result of receiving the Gardasil HPV vaccine.
Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein has stated that she opposes the use of vaccines. 
The bitter almond tree was banned in America in 1995 because it treats and prevents cancer. 
Improperly cleaned tanning beds are vectors for sexually transmitted diseases such as herpes.
 Wayne Knight from Seinfeld was killed in a car crash.
 Google Earth helped locate a woman who had been stranded on an island for seven years.
Chumlee from 'Pawn Stars' has died of a heart attack. 
 Emma Watson will be starring in a live-action version of The Little Mermaid.
 Nestlé has recalled some HOT POCKETS brand products due to possible contaminated beef issues.
 Facebook and CNN are contributing money towards the medical care an infant car accident victim every time a message is shared.
 A 10-year-old girl named Hailey Owens is missing from her Springfield, Missouri, home.
An eighth book in the enormously Harry Potter series is forthcoming. 
 A 22 year-old woman named Katelyn Marie Craven is missing from the Alexandria, Virginia area.
 Your credit card has been charged $234.65 for “laundry service.”
 Scam traps the unwary into giving up their AOL information by telling them roses have been ordered through 1-800-Flowers.
 A photograph shows a Texas plumbing company's truck in the hands of a militant group in Syria.
 A getaway car was struck by lightning after its occupants robbed a church.
 Thieves armed with “code grabbers” are breaking into cars by recording signals sent by remote keyless entry devices.
 Photographs show a barn full of vintage automobiles discovered by the purchaser of a Portuguese farmhouse.
 Photographs show a woman trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border hidden inside a car's dashboard.
 Photographs show an Audi automobile made from solid silver.
Donald Trump has vowed to reinstate the draft.
In the wake of a missile strike ordered by President Trump on Syria in April 2017, senior White House officials admitted that it served no actual purpose.
HUD director Ben Carson found more than $500 billion in accounting errors at the federal agency.
President Obama was arrested in Japan in connection with the seizure of massive amounts of cocaine on his yacht.
President Obama failed to tip a steakhouse waiter who was actually a prominent restauranteur.
Evangelical leader Kenneth Copeland said opponents of President Trump could be “punished” with gay children.
Miley Cyrus, James Franco, and Seth Rogan were arrested for conspiring to assassinate President Trump.
An analysis determined that Senator Elizabeth Warren pays her female staffers less than their male counterparts.
An Illinois janitor collected $20 million in life insurance benefits on policies placed on teenagers who were then murdered.
A DNA test proved that a retired postman fathered more than 1300 illegitimate children.
A dragon skeleton was discovered in northern Iceland.
An A-list celebrity had car trouble in your town and afterwards praised the locals for being awesomely helpful. 
 A man caught in the explosion of one of the World Trade Center towers rode bits of the falling building down to safety.
 Osama bin Laden owns Snapple.
 A NYC firefighter's dare to Osama bin Laden brought about the crash of American Airlines Flight 587.
 The Reuters news agency has proscribed the use of the word 'terrorists' to describe those who pulled off the September 11 terrorist attacks on America.
 In the days just prior to the 11 September 2001, large quantities of stock in United and American Airlines were traded by persons with foreknowledge of the upcoming 9/11 attacks.
 A Dallas schoolboy predicted the start of World War III one day before the terrorist attacks on America.
 In June 2012, 79% of General Motors' sales were made to the U.S. federal government.
 Bridge reconstruction contracts in the U.S., including repairs on the I-635 in Texas, are going to Chinese firms.
 New Canadian polymer bills melt easily.
 General Electric is moving its x-ray division and headquarters from Wisconsin to China.
 Uniforms for the 2012 U.S. Olympic team were made in China.
 Cups and burger wrappers used by the In-N-Out Burger chain are printed with references to Bible verses.
 The “Cap and Trade energy bill” requires that all existing real estate must meet new energy standards before it can be sold.
 Snapple donates millions of dollars to anti-marijuana efforts.
 McDonald's is importing foreign beef for use in its restaurants in the United States and Canada.
 PETA placed bricks with hidden messages at baseball parks.
 Pull tabs from aluminum cans have special redemption value for time on dialysis machines.
 I Love Lucy co-star Vivian Vance was contractually obligated to remain at least 20 pounds overweight.
 Tom Green's MTV show was canceled after he taped a sketch in which he appeared at a bar mitzvah dressed as Adolf Hitler.
 A QVC demonstrator fell from a ladder on live television.
 Kanye West has been dropped as a Pepsi spokesman because of his criticism of President Bush over handling of Hurricane Katrina disaster efforts.
 Joan Rivers once gave out actress Victoria Principal's home phone number on her talk show.
 Footage of a fatal skydiving accident was included in a Mountain Dew commercial.
 John Wayne was initially offered the role of Marshal Matt Dillon for the television version of Gunsmoke.
 Video clip shows Rep. Maxine Waters comments during a Congressional hearing about nationalizing the oil industry.
 The Chevy Volt “costs more than 7 times as much to run and takes 3 times as long to drive across country” than a standard automobile.
 The Department of Energy spent $737 million on SolarReserve to create 45 jobs and benefit Ron Pelosi.
 Some of our grandparents were left both poorer and wiser by a humorous mail-order scam of the 1930s.
 Domino's Pizza financially supports Operation Rescue, an anti-abortion group.
 Japan renamed a town 'Usa' so that it could legitimately stamp its exports 'Made in USA.'
 Television service providers charge tornado victims for lost equipment and early contract cancellations.
 UK power company chooses an unfortunate domain name for the web site of their Italian division.'
Videos of home testing of bottled water handed out in Flint demonstrate the existence of dangerous levels of lead.
Waxed apples cause cancer. 
Dryer sheets permeated with fabric softener contain at least seven dangerous toxic chemicals. 
A treatment for a serious disease that costs $900 in India is sold for $84,000 in the United States because of corporate greed. 
The American Psychiatric Association condones pedophilia and says it is normal to be sexually attracted to children.
An Italian doctor uncovered a surprisingly simple cure for multiple sclerosis in April 2016. 
An “abortionist” strangled an infant following a failed saline abortion, while other clinicians failed to intervene. 
643,000 Americans declare bankruptcy over medical bills every year. 
A cryptic blog called “Two Droplets” told the story of the catastrophic effect of two droplets of drain cleaner on a family's life. 
An association of pediatricians “admitted” that HPV vaccine Gardasil causes ovarian “failure” or cancer. 
Patients can circumvent insurance company claim denials by requesting a specific form of documentation, as the insurance company will opt to simply cover the cost rather than provide the paperwork.
A photograph shows an x-ray of a 900-pound man. 
 A British man burned a hole in his lung by vaping (i.e., using e-cigarettes).
A photograph depicts a new method discovered by Russian scientists to turn black skin white instantly. 
President Trump opened National Parks and wildlife refugees to coal mining.
Crayola announced they are removing the “dandelion” color from their basic box of 24 crayons due to a complaint from the White House that children were using it to create unflattering portraits of President Trump.
George Dalmon and Andy Miles were kicked out of a Mongolian barbecue buffet because they ate too much.
Sen. Tom Cotton said during an interview that he received “gay conversion therapy.”
An immigrant put peanut butter in a little girl's sandwich causing her to have an allergic reaction.
A video shows a 'sandfall' in Saudi Arabia.
A woman was arrested for training squirrels to attack her ex-boyfriend.
Former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan would have little or no effect on carbon dioxide emissions.
Justin Bieber has been cast as a young Han Solo in an upcomming Star Wars movie.
A teenager was killed after his Xbox One malfunctioned and forcefully ejected a disc that slashed his throat.
Photograph depicts a young woman's revealing (and inappropriate) high school prom dress. 
Judge Neil Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006.
Disney announced that the Simba character will be portrayed as gay in the new 'The Lion King' movie.
Pilot Travel Center in Mebane, North Carolina installed urinals in the ladies' room. 
A photograph taken from the International Space Station shows a Space Shuttle leaving Earth. 
Photographs show a white tiger with Down syndrome. 
A photograph showing a woman walking down a nearly empty supermarket aisle was taken in Venezuela. 
A video shows a snowboarder being chased by a bear. 
A meme claimed that a British Muslim man named Sajid Muhammed set a woman on fire for eating a bacon sandwich, and was jailed for only two years. 
A photograph shows Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz hugging Fidel Castro. 
Photograph depicts fetuses found in a Chinese food restaurant's freezer. 
A photograph shows a newly hatched baby dragon. 
An official statement warns anglers about copperhead snakes living inside of fish. 
Photographs show a real trampoline bridge in Paris. 
Coca-Cola's “Share A Coke” campaign includes a bottle for the KKK. 
A video shows the first person to climb “the Bean” in Chicago. 
 A miraculous car that gets 200 miles to the gallon is sold by mistake then reclaimed by the factory and is never seen again.
 Red cars are ticketed for speeding more often than vehicles of other colors.
 Photograph shows workmen who have accidentally trapped their van within a barrier of bollards.
 Pregnant woman tries to beat carpool lane ticket by asserting her fetus counts as a second person.
 Person in a state of undress is accidentally left behind at a roadside rest stop by a spouse.
 Voicemail message describes a confrontation between a male motorist and four women after a minor traffic accident.
 Driver who stops to pick up two hitchhikers - one dangerous-looking and the other wholesome in appearance - learns about judging books by their covers.
 Youths shoot a patrol car parked as a “speeder deterrent” on the one day it contains a real cop.
 U.S. Interstate highways are numbered according to a pattern based on their direction and location.
 Hilarity ensues when a clueless car owner misreads the model name of the family car.
 An artist secretly painted a 60-foot-high image of a naked woman above a tunnel in Malibu Canyon in 1966.
 A United Airlines pilot delivered a pre-flight speech in which he instructed passengers how to overpower any hijackers that might be aboard.
 Officials announced a credible threat was received that New York's subway may be the target of a terrorist attack Oct. 7-10, 2005.
 Minutes of emergency response agencies' meeting reveal that on 26 November 2004 four Long Island shopping malls will be hit in a terrorist attack using chemical weapons.
 An Air Force officer named Tony Mitchell sent his wife a message from Afghanistan asking her to enlist Christians to pray in support of U.S. soldiers engaged in a “blood bath.”
 Time magazine considering designating Osama bin Laden as its “Man of the Year” for 2001.
 Girl receives letter from her disappeared Afghani boyfriend saying terrorists are going to strike at U.S. malls on Halloween.
 Monies given to the September 11 Fund are being used to defend suspected terrorists.
 Terrorists are planning to strike the U.S. on 11 June 2004.
 The name of the San Diego Wild Animal Park's monorail was taken from a crude acronym.
 People get “hooked” on Carmex Lip Balm because it contains ground glass (or other irritants), necessitating its continued use.
 Television comedienne Lucille Ball claimed radio transmissions picked up on her fillings led to the capture of Japanese spies.
 A Congressional page who encountered Love Boat actor-turned-politician Fred Grandy on an elevator and asked “Lido Deck or Promenade Deck?” was fired by Grandy for his insolence.
 Dragnet's Sgt. Joe Friday character frequently implored female informants to provide “Just the facts, ma'am.”
 Soap opera actress Eileen Davidson used to be a man.
 News of Ernie's death will be reported on an upcoming episode of Sesame Street.
 An unsuccessful contestant on The Contender committed suicide after being bumped from the show.
 Randomly selected letters on the British TV game show Countdown spelled out the phrase 'WANKMEOFF'.
 The Bachelor's Alex Michel admitted in e-mail that the network pressured him into picking the underdog rather than the woman he wanted.
 Frank Zappa's father was the actor who played Mr. Greenjeans on the Captain Kangaroo children's TV show.
 Producer Phil Spector deliberately recorded an unreleasable song called “The Screw” in order to cheat his former partner out of royalties.
 Guitarist Ron Wood lost a chance to join the Rolling Stones in 1969 because he missed a phone call.
 Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards beat a heroin addiction by having his blood replaced at a Swiss medical clinic.
 During a photo opportunity at a 1992 grocers' convention, President George Bush was “amazed” at encountering supermarket scanners for the first time.
 President Richard M. Nixon used the wrong “Wilson desk” in the White House.
 The U.S. standard railroad gauge derives directly from the width of Imperial Roman war chariots.
 The Titanic was never advertised using the word “unsinkable.”
 A clause in the document annexing Texas to the United States allowed for Texas to be divided into five different states.
 Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
 A man sneaked his way onto one of the Titanic's lifeboats by donning women's dress.
Texas' is the only state flag authorized to be flown at the same height as the U.S. national flag. 
 Some residence locks are vulnerable to unauthorized entry through the use of “bump keys.”
 ATM users in the UK are robbed by newspaper distributors who jostle their victims during transactions.
 Maryland gangs are engaging in a deadly initiation game that requires new members to steal cars and shoot motorists on highways.
 E-mail describes an “acid bomb” left to explode on a residential porch.
 Woman narrowly escapes abduction attempt in the parking lot of a Cedar Falls Wal-Mart.
 Groups of gang members are committing robberies and carjackings in Round Rock, Texas.
 Police have discovered guns disguised as cell phones.
 E-mail offers sniper-avoidance tips from an experienced “SWAT sniper.”
 Thinking himself robbed of his billfold, a jogger runs down the thief and takes back his property . . . only to later discover his 'stolen' wallet at home.
 Based on information from a meeting with President Bush, Bishop T. D. Jakes of Dallas told his congregation to stock up on supplies in anticipation of a “chemical war.”
 Actor Jackie Chan was scheduled to begin filming a movie at the World Trade Center on the morning of September 11 but changed his plans because the screenwriter failed to deliver the script for the planned scene on time.
 Ironing your mail will kill off any lurking anthrax spores.
 Schools and other municipal agencies have been ordered to remove banners displaying the phrase 'God Bless America.'
 Astronaut John Glenn authored a piece expressing outrage at how the U.S. military has been hampered and ignored in recent years.
 The FBI is asking for the public's assistance in locating five men who supposedly entered the USA illegally on 24 December 2002.
 Secret flights whisked bin Laden family members and Saudi nationals out of the U.S. immediately after September 11 while a general ban on air travel was still in effect, and before the FBI had any opportunity to question any of the passengers.
 Television evangelists Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson said that liberal civil liberties groups, feminists, pagans, homosexuals, and abortion rights supporters bear partial responsibility for the terrorist attacks on the USA because their actions have turned God's anger against America.
 Significance can be found in numbers relating to the September 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S.
A photograph shows “the world's cutest rodent,” a Baluchistan pygmy jerboa. 
A photograph shows a man standing on top of a pile of bison skulls. 
A video shows a group of giraffes trained to jump from a high dive. 
A photo shows an endangered fennec hare. 
Residents of Trump Tower Chicago demonstrated their disdain for Donald Trump via a clever display of lights. 
A video shows a “7D Hologram” of a whale inside a school gymnasium.
A photograph shows Russian soldiers wearing “exosuits” in Syria. 
A high student was forced to leave school because an assistant principal found his Captain America costume to be “offensive.” 
An image depicts multiple late-term aborted fetuses discovered in a dumpster behind a Michigan abortion clinic. 
Photographs of a six-year-old Happy Meal document that McDonald's food items don't break down or rot like “real” food. 
A photograph shows Mother Teresa at age 18. 
A photograph shows Bernie and Jane Sanders at an LGBT march in 1975. 
Donald Trump's recently-deceased cousin implored the public in his obituary not to vote for the GOP presidential contender.
 Best Buy needs you to submit your credit card information to confirm a possibly fraudulent transaction.
 Amazon.com is sending out notifications of canceled orders for non-existent books.
 A 9th grader named Shannon Syfrett is collecting e-mail responses for a school science fair project.
 Actor Paul Walker was killed in a car crash.
 A 5-year-old girl named Nijaey Hilton is missing from her New York home.
 Football player Michael Vick broke both his legs in an automobile accident.
A Chinese man named Li Ching-Yuen lived to be 256 years old. 
 Author J.K. Rowling has announced plans to pen a new book in the Harry Potter series.
 The AMBER Alert system has been discontinued due to the federal government shutdown.
 Actor Jackie Chan was killed in an accident while filming a movie.
 Green is an unlucky color for automobiles.
 Photographs show a garbage truck converted into a camper.
 Placing tinfoil in your car's hubcaps or hanging a CD from your rear-view mirror will fool police radar.
 Anti-seat belt law advocate is killed in automobile accident.
 A mechanic working in a car's trunk is mistaken for a kidnapping victim.
 Stolen car is returned with theatre tickets inside to lure away the owners while their home is burgled.
 Adding acetone to gasoline in an effort to improve gas mileage is a good idea.
 Using cruise control on wet roads or during heavy rain can cause you to lose control of your vehicle.
 A pair of Arkansas rednecks are injured using a .22 caliber shell in place of a burnt-out automobile fuse.
 A man who lost his arm in an accident failed to notice it until 40 minutes later.
 University peaceniks are chased from a restaurant by patrons singing God Bless America.
 Several domain names related to the September 11 terrorist attack on America were registered before the attack.
 The President of the United States of America has asked the nations of the world to mark December 11 2001 with expressions of remembrance of the September 11 attacks.
 Starbucks recalled 'Collapse into Cool' promotional posters due to complaints that they contained imagery reminiscent of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
 Person who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by the stranger's telling her to avoid drinking Coca-Cola or Pepsi after a certain day.
 Eerie coincidences pertaining to September 11 involve elevens, a Quran verse and Microsoft's Wingdings font.
 CNN used old footage to fake images of 'Palestinians dancing in the street' after the terrorist attack on the USA.
 A memo from Osama bin Laden to his cavemates decries the theft of a box of Cheez-Its.
 President George W. Bush said, “I'm not gonna fire a $2 million missile at a $10 empty tent and hit a camel in the butt.”
 The U.S. is requesting Americans to light candles for a satellite photo tonight.
 California governor Gray Davis announced that a credible threat existed about planned terrorist activity against major bridges in California.
President Zuma of South Africa purchased the world's most expensive plane.
 A writer named Rob Suggs penned the poem “The Binch” in order to help explain the World Trade Center attacks to the children at an Atlanta hospital for whom he performs story-telling therapy.
Miller County Judge Roy John McNatt wrote a racist memo about black people.
Donald Trump is considering resignation an “option.”
The last time Republicans controlled the presidency and Congress was in 1928, and the U.S. sunk into the Great Depression within a year.
Two homeless people were found living in the attic of a Walmart in Tennessee.
 Lucky Strike brand cigarettes are so named because some packs contained marijuana cigarettes.
 The U.S. Postal Service is going to impose a 5¢ surcharge on every e-mail message sent via the Internet.
 African-Americans are entitled to a $5,000 slavery reparation tax credit.
 Cigarette packs were once redeemable to help the blind defray the cost of purchasing seeing-eye dogs.
 You can get a new pair of shoes from Nike by just mailing them any old, worn-out pair of sneakers.
 E-mail lists valuable technological innovations brought about by African-American inventors.
 The sister ship to the Olympic and Titanic was originally intended to be named the Gigantic.
 Italian dictator Benito Mussolini made the trains run on time.
 King Juan Carlos of Spain accidentally killed his brother.
 The last piece played by the Titanic's musicians was “Nearer My God to Thee.”
 Multi-millionaire passenger John Jacob Astor made an archly humorous quip when the Titanic struck an iceberg.
 The 1968 Miss America pageant spawned a decade of bra-burning by feminists as a means of calling attention to their cause.
 John F. Kennedy triggered a precipitous decline in the sales of men's hats by appearing hatless at his 1961 inauguration.
 David Rice Atchison served as President of the United States for one day in 1849.
 Violinist Itzhak Perlman once finished a concert on an instrument with only three strings after one string broke.
 Monkee Mike Nesmith took up playing the guitar to regain dexterity in fingers injured by a firecracker.
 A lonely boy who was shunned by his church youth group grows up to become Marilyn Manson.
 Kevin's lovable yet geeky sidekick in TV's “The Wonder Years” grew up to be evil incarnate . . . er, Marilyn Manson.
 Marilyn Manson has taken to slaughtering puppies as part of his stage show.
 “Mama” Cass Elliot of The Mamas and the Papas choked to death on a ham sandwich.
 Rocker Joan Jett sent an angry letter to Rolling Stone magazine to complain about their “Women in Rock” issue.
 Frank Zappa once won a “gross-out contest” by eating excrement on stage.
 After the beleaguered lead guitarist of a band responds to heckling by asking if anyone in the audience thinks he can do better, Eric Clapton steps onto the stage and shows him up.
Devin Nunes' financial wealth is invested in a wine company with “strong ties” to Russia.
Sweden has the highest rate of rape among European countries.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is to be disbarred from the Alabama State Bar Association due to a letter of complaint filed by 2,000 attorneys from across the U.S.
Pastor John Hagee said that “God made all lesbians flat” so they can be identified by “normal people”.
The IRS gave preferential “fast tracking” for tax exempt status to After School Satan clubs run by the Satanic Temple.
Did House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes meet with Michael Flynn and the Turkish foreign minister?
A female mortuary worker was arrested after becoming pregnant by one of the corpses she was preparing for burial.
A Democratic National Committee tweet included an altered version of a Socialist party's poster
The “Fire Fairy Challenge” has tricked multiple children into harming themselves.
All eight Supreme Court justices penned a “letter” saying President Trump was “completely wrong in choosing Neil Gorsuch” to fill a vacant seat on the court.
 A professor does battle to retrieve his watch from a thief . . . only to discover his unstolen timepiece sitting on a dresser at home.
 An Arizona sheriff dismissed prisoners' bellyaching about the heat by pointing out that soldiers serving in Iraq cope with similar conditions.
 Joe Montana was killed in a car accident.
 The federal government has established a national “Do Not Call” registry to stop calls from telemarketers.
 Hannah Anderson is missing from her San Diego area home following her mother's death.
 The FCC is considering modifying its indecency policies regarding the use of profanity and non-sexual nudity on radio and television.
 Web site will reveal an “astounding” discovery to the world on 8 March 2003.
 Comedian/actor Sinbad died of a heart attack in March 2007.
 Regulations taking effect 10 February 2009 prohibit the sale of used children's products that have not been tested and certified as meeting new standards for lead and phthalate content.
 Photograph shows a baby found abandoned in a national park.
 Elena Burns posted disparaging remarks about soldiers on Facebook with the goal of “making her famous.”
 The phone number 1-800-FREE-411 offers free directory assistance service.
 A 10-year-old girl named Jessica Ridgeway is missing from her Westminster, Colorado home.
 Washing the lint filter in your clothes dryer can help enhance the performance and lifespan of that appliance and avoid fires.
A photograph shows two Siberian tigers stalking a firefighter in the Washington Cascades. 
A vintage photograph shows a common workplace item from the 1960s: A whisky vending machine. 
Sweden has installed road signs to warn drivers about distracted walkers. 
A photograph shows a lake that resembles a Teletubby character. 
A photograph shows Donald Trump's father posing with Chinese revolutionary Mao Zedong. 
A New York artist named Lana Newstrom creates and sells “invisible art.” 
A photograph shows the Vatican Women's Rifle Team.
A series of photographs shows frozen waves off the coast of Nantucket. 
A photograph shows a rare Nagapushpa flower that blooms only once every 36 years. 
A photograph shows a JetBlue airliner buried in snow. 
A photograph shows Amy Winehouse and Lana Del Rey hanging out together. 
Photograph shows a man caring for an elephant whose mother had been killed by poachers. 
A photograph shows a “super moon” resting atop a radio telescope.
A photograph shows a man standing next to a utility pole that has been buried in 40 feet of snow. 
A photograph shows 'The Texas Giants,' four brothers who were all nearly 8 feet tall. 
A photograph shows snow-covered palm trees in Saudi Arabia. 
 Lemons can help ward off and cure cancer.
 In the last ten years no one has died of measles in the U.S., but more than 100 people have died due to the MMR vaccine.
Account of a 10-year-old boy's death explains dry drowning and its symptoms. 
A child developed third-degree sunburn after using Dollar General brand spray-on sunblock.
Hyland's Teething Tablets have been discontinued for causing “adverse events” in children.
X-rays document a man in China whose body became riddled with tapeworms due to his consumption of sashimi.
 Driver sets the cruise control on his vehicle, then slips into the backseat for a nap.
 A stranded motorist gets more than he bargained for when he asks for help push starting his car.
 A car's bad performance is caused by the driver's routinely hanging her purse on the pull-out choke lever.
 People shouldn't wear seat belts because they might not be able to escape from their vehicles in car fires.
 A flavor of ice cream being transported affects a car's performance: every time vanilla is the driver's choice, the car stalls.
 Minister refueling his car from an unusual container attracts comment.
 A motorist mistook a Dustbuster vacuum cleaner for a Fuzzbuster radar detection device.
 By law, a driver must surrender his vehicle to a policeman who requests its use in order to chase a fleeing suspect.
 One motorist's attempt to alert another to an upcoming traffic hazard is taken as a personal insult.
 An unburned Bible was found amidst the charred wreckage of the Pentagon after the September 11 terrorist attack.
 A roadside samaritan renders innovative assistance to a stranded motorcyclist.
 The fire chief of Berkeley, California, ordered the removal of American flags from city fire trucks.
 On-line bookseller Amazon.com is partnered with the web site Intifada.com.
Muhammad Ali offered a pithy quote about religion while visiting the World Trade Center site after 9/11. 
 Essay by retired Air Force general analyzes the war on terrorism.
 A group of Muslim women clutching briefcases and text messaging during films were spotted making a terrorist attack “dry run” in a Raleigh, North Carolina theater.
 Charlie Daniels penned “The Straight Scoop,” an essay about the al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners being held at Guantanamo Bay.
Russian dissident Denis Voronenkov, who was gunned down in March 2017, was slated to testify against former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort in a treason trial in Ukraine.
The State Department has imposed sanctions against Phillippines Vice President Leni Robredo, banning her from the U.S.
Rep. Trey Gowdy ordered the exhumation of the body of Clinton associate Vince Foster.
A Georgia man went on a killing frenzy and murdered 31 people after binge-watching The Walking Dead.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said using marijuana leads to more sex, thus causing more unwanted pregnancies and more abortions.
The Environmental Protection Agency awarded $100 million to Flint, Michigan, at the behest of President Trump.
The Rev. Al Sharpton was shot to death in Chicago by members of a “domestic terrorist group.”
 A vicar visiting at the home of a parishioner notices that the gentleman owns a guitar and asks if he would minding playing for the congregation some day. When the gentleman agrees, the vicar suggests he take a few months to practice up first. Only later does the vicar find out he had been visiting with Eric Clapton.
 David Bowie's wife once caught him in bed with Mick Jagger.
 The airplane that carried Buddy Holly to his death was named 'American Pie.'
 Mules were shot during the filming of the bridge scene in the 1970 motion picture Patton.
 Michael Jackson prosthetic nose fell off during a recent TV special.
 The third Smokey and the Bandit film was originally shot with Jackie Gleason playing both the Sheriff and the Bandit.
 Marilyn Monroe wore a size 16 dress.
 The film The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was based on a true story.
 The film The Manchurian Candidate was withdrawn from distribution due to the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
President Obama ordered a life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed at the White House.
Anthony Weiner was placed in protective custody until he can testify against Hillary Clinton.
George Soros was killed in a plane crash while visiting Hungary in March 2017.
Hillary Clinton was named to fill an open U.S. Senate seat in New York, vacated by a senator who resigned after being indicted for fraud.
The Rothschild Family owns 80% of the world's wealth, with a net worth of $500 trillion.
Tom Price said that it was 'better for our budget if cancer patients die more quickly.'
 Photograph shows a 12-week-old fetus.
 Huggies Snug and Dry brand diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.
Automobile components emit dangerous levels of cancer-causing benzene fumes. 
A rare condition known as tetrachromacy can be identified with an online test. 
 X-ray image documents a case of a penile fracture.
 CFL light bulbs are dangerous compared to conventional incandescent bulbs because they emit higher levels of radiation.
Asparagus has miraculous cancer-fighting properties. 
 Nuby brand pacifiers have been recalled because they pose a choking hazard to babies.
 Research has proved that microwaving foods in plastic containers releases cancer-causing agents into the foods.
Photographs show a “new killer insect” that is able to spread a skin-altering virus when touched. 
A photograph shows a baby great white shark. 
An image shows musicians David Bowie and Lemmy Kilmister together at a party. 
A photograph shows a frozen spider web. 
A UFO portal was filmed over the Large Hadron Collider. 
A browser extension can eliminate all mention of Donald Trump from a user's online experience. 
Archaeologists dug up an 800-year-old alien cellphone in Austria. 
Photograph depicts the removal of Bill Cosby's Hollywood “Walk of Fame” Star. 
A photograph shows a shark attacking a car on a flooded highway in Missouri.
A photograph shows a whale near a big wave surfer. 
Photograph depicts 12-year-old shooting victim Tamir Rice brandishing what appears to be two guns. 
 Detroit-area gang initiates are planning to shoot a woman in the head at a gas station in Genesee County.
 Gang initiates are bumping their cars into others, then shooting whoever gets out of the bumped automobiles.
 Gang initiates in New Jersey are slashing victims' faces to “get a buck fifty.”
 Gang initiates ask women for directions, then shoot them.
 Gang initiates in the Dallas area are knocking on the doors of residences and shooting whoever answers.
 Gang initiates are attempting to force cars off roads in order to murder the occupants.
 The Dalton (Georgia) police have warned local stores to be on the alert for gang initiation abductions.
 The Mexican Mafia is retaliating for a drug theft by killing 400 to 1,000 black men wearing white T-shirts.
“Hitmen” who have been hired to kill you change their minds - for a fee. 
 Thief who tries to rob a gun shop is shot dead by those in the store.
 Twenty-five Congresswomen staged a walkout during a vote on a resolution to authorize the use of military force against Iraq.
 Students at an elementary school are collecting e-mail messages for a school project.
 Signing an e-petition to President Bush will help get organized prayer reinstated in public schools.
 Safiya Hussaini, a Nigerian woman, has been sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery.
 McDonald's is donating a portion of their sales to injured Palestinians.
 The collection of a million signatures on a petition will spur the Nobel Foundation into revoking the portion of the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
 Nickelodeon will air a TV show that portrays homosexuality in a positive light.
 Ontario's Consumer Minister is looking to get the popular Molson beer commercial, Joe's Rant, banned from the airwaves because it upsets Americans.
 AOL, MSN, Yahoo!, or MSN is about to start charging for its instant messaging service unless an Internet petition opposing the fee increase attracts a specified number of signatures by a named date.
 Dame Edna advised a reader against learning Spanish in her satirical Vanity Fair column.
Under Obamacare, patients 76 and older must be admitted to the hospital by their primary care physicians in order to be covered by Medicare. 
 The New York Assembly passed a law making it expressly legal to shoot babies in the heart with poison.
 Rhythmically coughing during a heart attack increases your chances of surviving it.
 You must have your wisdom teeth and appendix removed in order to work in Antarctica.
 Anti-perspirants have been identified as the leading cause of breast cancer.
 Administering three simple tests will help diagnose a stroke, and pricking a stroke victim's fingers will prevent further harm from the cerebral attack.
 HIPAA Laws started because a senator wanted to cover up his wife's plastic surgery.
 White and Blue Lion tattoo ink is under national recall due to bacterial contamination.
 The artificial sweetener Splenda was inadequately tested and is unsafe for human consumption.
 Parents should watch for signs of mastoiditis after their children develop ear infections.
 An ultrasound video shows an unborn child clapping along to music.
 Mr. Clean Magic Erasers have been banned from stores because the product contains formaldehyde.
 Holding a smartphone incorrectly will result in a finger deformity known as “smartphone pinky.”
 Driving examiner gets run over during a road test.
 New York will be embedding strips in vehicle registration stickers in order to catch speeders.
 A United States Postal Service mail truck has the right of way over emergency vehicles.
 Slightly overpaying the fine for a traffic ticket will keep points off your driving record.
 A drunk's attempt to escape the long arm of the law goes awry when he drives off from the scene of the arrest in the wrong car.
 List of humorous automobile accident insurance claims.
 Police officers coming to the aid of motorists locked out of their cars are dying in freak airbag accidents.
 Static electricity is the cause of an increase in gas station refueling fires.
 SigAlerts, the Los Angeles advisories of severe traffic conditions, were named after radio executive Loyd Sigmon.
 During the filming of one of the train scenes in Dr. Zhivago, a stuntwoman's legs were amputated when she fell under the wheels, the scene was left in the final cut.
 Patrons watching the film Twister at Canadian drive-in were greatly impressed by the scene where a tornado rips through a drive-in screen . . . until they realized that was no fancy special effect - they were in the path of a real tornado!
Buddy Ebsen was slated to play the Tin Woodman in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz, but he had to be replaced after the aluminum makeup used with his costume made him gravely ill.
 A character in the 1948 film Key Largo makes a prescient comment about Florida politicians.
 Viewings of the film The Deer Hunter have been tied to a number of Russian roulette suicides.
 John Barrymore once pulled a risque screen test prank on John Carradine.
 Radio announcer Harry von Zell once referred to President Herbert Hoover on a live broadcast as 'Hoobert Heever.'
 Ivory Soap's unique floatability came about as the result of a manufacturing error.
 The plastic strip embedded in U.S. bank notes enable the Feds to tell how much money you have on you.
 The new Canadian $10 bill is being recalled because it includes a misprint of the poem “In Flanders Fields.”
 Mitsubishi mistakenly named a model of car 'Starion' instead of 'Stallion' due to Japanese pronunciation difficulties.
 Southern California Sav-On drug store outlets were renamed Osco after an acquisition, then reverted to the original Sav-On name when their parent company discovered “asco” means “disgust” or “loathing” in Spanish.
When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding to support the war effort, he replied: “Then what are we fighting for?”
Canada, Norway, and Germany each offer federally paid family leave programs ranging from 35 weeks to 1 year in length.
President Donald Trump has announced budget cuts that would end the Meals on Wheels program.
Mike Pence once said that smoking doesn't kill people. 
After releasing a music video in which he fires a prank “Bang!” flag gun at a clown resembling Donald Trump, rapper Snoop Dogg was arrested for conspiracy by the Secret Service for suggesting that “someone should do what I did with a real gun.”
The FitnessGram Pacer Test was banned from schools after it was deemed too cruel for children.
Mark Zuckerberg said that he was “disgusted with social media” and that he was leaving Facebook as a result.
 Marijuana cigarettes deposit four times more tar into smokers' lungs than tobacco-based cigarettes
 Drinking cold water after meals will lead to cancer.
 Photographs show a bizarre-looking baby born in Nepal.
 Photograph depicts an intact gestational sac resulting from a miscarriage.
 In 2007 a man from Sweden received disability payments for his for his addiction to heavy metal music.
 Oranges from Libya have been injected with HIV-positive blood and pose a danger of infection.
Muslims in the U.S. are specifically exempted from legislative requirements to purchase health insurance. 
 A graphic image depicts a grieving father with the body of his daughter after she put a phone charger in her mouth and was electrocuted.
 President Obama granted immunity to a CDC whistleblower to allow him to freely testify about the link between vaccines and autism.
 The California Department of Public Health has issued a warning against measles parties.
 Swishing plant oils in your mouth ameliorates a variety of medical ailments.
 Patient zero for the 2014-2015 measles outbreak was found to be an already-vaccinated child or illegal immigrant.
 A California artist is collecting brassieres to use in constructing a giant Bra Ball.
 Calling the White House will help influence President Clinton to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from commercial development by designating it a national monument.
 Women in Afghanistan are subject to severe violations of basic human rights (but signing a petition isn't likely to help them).
 A 7th-grader named Dean Thomson was badly injured in a sledding accident.
 Jacqueline Saburido, the victim of a drunk driving accident, seeks donations to help with the expenses of medical treatment for her extensive injuries.
 A 27-year-old pregnant woman named Laci Peterson has been missing from her Modesto, California, home since Christmas Eve 2002.
 Burglars check newspaper obituaries so they can clean out homes while the residents are away attending funerals.
 Woman calls police because a fast food outlet won't make a cheeseburger the way she wants it.
 Letter from a putative victim apologizes to a mugger for foiling his robbery attempt.
 A 911 call was initiated by a tomato.
 Fast food chain Burger King is behind a 'subservient chicken' Internet promotion.
 Naugahyde is made from the skins of the nauga, an odd yet engagingly friendly creature native to Sumatra.
 Sarajevo and Pyongyang are the only two world capitals without McDonald's restaurants.
 Woman wins $1,000 in a Carnation Milk slogan contest by submitting a bawdy bit of verse.
 The H.J. Heinz company adopted the slogan '57 Varieties' because its product line included exactly 57 different items.
 The '33' on the Rolling Rock label stands for 1933, the year Prohibition was repealed.
 Rolls-Royce dispatches a special mechanic to aid a stranded motorist, then afterwards disavows the incident, claiming “Our cars never break down.”
 The remains of a smoldering JATO-equipped Chevrolet Impala were found embedded in the side of a cliff in the Arizona desert.
 No buyers can be found for a beautiful but cheap car because of the horrible smell that permeates it.
 Prankster who thinks he's fooling a speed trap camera instead gets tickets for not wearing his seatbelt.
 Photographs show a Porsche with the words “CHEATING BASTARD” keyed into its side.
 Notorious criminal Clyde Barrow wrote a fan letter to Henry Ford in 1934.
 Heinz marketed swastika-shaped pasta in Germany before and during World War II.
 A determined shopper once recouped a refund for a tire from Nordstrom, a clothier that has never sold tires.
 Instead of repairing damaged Cabbage Patch dolls returned to them by hopeful little kids, Coleco cold-heartedly mailed back official-looking “death certificates” for each doll.
 Australian mine planner's letter expresses frustration at his difficulty in obtaining replacement parts for a Nissan-manufactured bus.
 Fired oil rig worker gains revenge on former bosses by dropping a piece of equipment in the well.
 The drawback of a laborer's illiteracy frees him to become a success in another field.
 Coconut oil is an effective treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
 The average person needs to drink eight glasses of water per day to avoid being “chronically dehydrated.”
A photograph shows an STD-related infection known as 'blue waffle disease.' 
 70% of Americans are afflicted with a 'vampire fungus' that causes a number of chronic illnesses.
A newborn child declared dead revived after being placed on his mother's chest. 
 The CDC has recommended mothers stop breastfeeding in order to increase the efficacy of vaccines.
 Researchers at Stanford University have found a cure for Alzheimer's disease.
The consumption of poppy seeds used on bagels and muffins can produce positive results on drug screening tests.
Honey and cinnamon possess significant medicinal virtues. 
 The interaction of Motrin and Robitussin can cause heart attacks in children.
 Child Protective Services in Washington removed three young children from their parents' care because homebirth is considered dangerous.
 Ongoing tetanus vaccine campaigns in Kenya are a ruse to sterilize women of childbearing age.
 The CDC issued an apology because the 2014-15 flu shot doesn't work.
 Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber said Obamacare only passed due to the “stupidity” of the American voter and a lack of “transparency,” and video footage of his remarks was deleted from the Internet in an attempt to hide it.
 “Poison pill” amendment inserted into Health Care Bill by Senator Reid makes proposed bill unamendable if passed.
Mike Pence and 23 staff members were killed in a plane crash.
A study discovered men's beards are alarmingly riddled with fecal microbes. 
The president of Knox Machinery wrote a letter to the president of General Motors, criticizing the latter for seeking a government bailout. 
It is illegal to take photographs of the Eiffel Tower at night without explicit permission.
Iowa high school students were forced to apologize for wearing red, white, and blue at a sports game because immigrant students on the opposing team were offended. 
Pope Francis announced during a sermon that God had instructed him to revise the ten commandments.
John McCain admitted that he was a 'war criminal' and was pardoned by President Nixon for his crimes. 
President Donald Trump cut funding for the veteran suicide hotline.
Ezekiel Wilekenmeyer Williams, the biological father of Malia and Sasha Obama, has filed a lawsuit against Barack and Michelle Obama.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi was arrested by the Secret Service for plotting a coup to overthrow the president.
Mississippi State Representative Jeff Guice said that 'sick children should die if their parents can't afford medical supplies.'
An aide handed Sean Spicer a note that read “You just committed a felony” in the middle of a press briefing.
 An attempted abduction took place at the Westfield Mall in Toledo.
 The MS-13 gang is planning to murder an innocent victim at the Broadway Mall in Hicksville, NY.
 A woman approached by a stranger at a gas station was injected with a knockout drug via a handshake.
 Thief drowns in submerged pool after looting the home of disaster victims.
 Passengers encountered by reporter on airline flight were proved to be terrorists making a dry run at assembling a bomb on-board.
 Video shows a 2-year-old girl who had been given the drug Ecstasy.
 Car thieves at the Deerbrook Mall place baskets under cars to lure drivers out of their vehicles.
 A new executive order gives INTERPOL license to operate with impunity within the U.S.
 E-mail describes the kidnapping, assault, and torture of Megan Williams by six white suspects.
A photograph shows a wolf pack being led by the oldest and weakest members. 
Photographs show Donald Trump's sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, posing during a big game hunting trip. 
A deceptive photograph shows a man perilously hanging by his feet from the edge of a high cliff. 
A photograph shows “the darkest baby in the world.” 
The IKEA furniture chain is selling a swastika-shaped table. 
A photograph shows a chemtrail switch on a plane. 
Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican's Instagram account. 
PS 169 Principal Eujin Jaela Kim banned the Pledge of Allegiance, Santa, and Thanksgiving. 
Stanley Kubrick admitted in an interview that he helped NASA fake the U.S. moon landings. 
A photograph shows President Obama holding a rocket launcher in a car with Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. 
The British government banned the Lord's Prayer in cinemas but then allowed Islamic messages to appear on London buses. 
A photograph depicts a “pro-ISIS rally” held in Dearborn, Michigan, in December 2015. 
 Suzanne Cramsey seeks medical and financial assistance to treat her rare spider bite.
 Honey Starr, a mother suffering from Polycystic Kidney Disease, needs your donations for a kidney transplant.
 A 15-year-old cancer sufferer named Rebekah Tauber has requested calls to her prayer pager.
 Vicky Field is requesting prayers for her son Chad Snowden, a serviceman injured in Iraq.
 Prayers are requested for Joe William Sheffield, a little boy in Georgia who has cancer.
 Jesica Santillan, a 17-year-old girl who received the wrong heart and lungs in a transplant, needs prayers to survive.
 Prayers are requested for Preston Loyd, a 4-year-old boy who was run over by a lawn mower.
 A boy named Michael Novenche is undergoing chemotherapy to kill a brain tumor.
 Prayers are requested for Ella Newmiller, a 5-year-old North Carolina girl with an inoperable brain stem tumor.
 Prayers are requested for the LeBleu family, who lost four daughters in a house fire.
 E-mail requests prayers for Matt Maupin, a U.S. soldier killed in Iraq.
 Prayers are requested for an ailing 3-month-old child named Pacey Moore.
 E-mail requests prayers for David Kristynik, who is about to be sent on a dangerous mission in Iraq.
 Photographs show a diamond-covered Mercedes-Benz automobile.
 The bill presented by a famed fix-it man details the difference between value of work done and value of the knowledge behind it.
 Automaker Henry Ford scavenged junk yards to find out which components had outlasted the useful life of his automobiles, then made those parts out of cheaper materials.
 A collector deliberately placed three valuable U.S. coins into circulation in New York in April 2006.
 Macy's offers a “foreigner's discount” every day but a military discount only “a couple of days a year.”
 All congressional staffers and family members are exempt from repaying their student loans.
 Best Buy's U.S. stores charge a 15% restocking fee on returns of some non-defective merchandise.
 Chick-fil-A is removing Cole Slaw from their menu on 18 January 2016.
 Colonel Sanders left instructions requiring KFC to donate money to the Ku Klux Klan or feed the homeless for free.
 An anonymous retail worker in Saginaw uploaded a video of a woman “stealing” an item from a child shopper on Black Friday.
 The first issue of National Geographic following a takeover by Rupert Murdoch indicates a deviation from the magazine's science-based content.
A photograph shows three buildings in New York decorated with window crosses for Easter in 1956.
 A Superman poster shows the comic book hero talking to children about respecting diversity.
A photograph shows insects embedded in a dog's mouth.
 A photograph shows a young Syrian child “surrendering” to a camera after mistaking it for a gun.
 Hundreds of thousands of Thanksgiving turkeys have been contaminated with Ebola.
 The Walking Dead actress Danai Gurira contracted Ebola while filming on location in Africa.
 A Johns Hopkins scientist issued a “blistering report” on flu vaccines in the British Medical Journal.
 Three Doritos factory workers have tested positive for Ebola.
 The federal government is withholding information on 2015 Medicare premiums and deductibles until after the 2014 midterm elections.
 African health officials confirmed that a factory worker suffering from Ebola bled into a batch of chocolate, potentially infecting millions of pieces.
 Medical research has established a causative link between root canals and cancer mortality.
 An immigrant who tested positive for Ebola escaped custody in Leicester.
 Researchers at CIDRAP have confirmed that 'Ebola is now airborne.'
 The CDC and CIDRAP have admitted that Ebola is now airborne.
 Prayers are needed for Mike Hutchinson, a missionary serving in Africa who inadvertently ran over a pedestrian and is now in danger of being hanged for the crime.
 Prayers are requested for Cindy Hogman, a wife and mother battling cervical cancer.
 Prayers are requested for Katie Fitch, a three-year-old South Carolina girl with a hepatoblastoma.
 Prayers and cards are requested for Sgt. Kevin Downs, who was injured in Iraq.
 Prayers are requested for Nick Doize, a teenager battling leukemia.
 Grandmother requests prayers for Madison Marie Crowder, an infant girl suffering from pneumonia.
 A bill passed by the Texas legislature will outlaw using a cell phone while operating a motor vehicle as of 1 September 2003.
 SBC Ameritech customers must contact the company within thirty days to prevent the distribution of their personal information.
 Dakota Lamb's hair was cut by bullies on a bus.
HR 1313 would allow employers to force workers to disclose their genetic information
 Prize Bounty is giving away free Xbox systems.
Ben Carson spoke of a 'nut of the mind' where hated memories are stored.
An eighth Russian with ties to the Trump-Russia scandal has mysteriously died.
President Obama was evicted from a Washington, D.C., mansion for damaging the building.
Longtime Fox News anchor Shepard Smith has been fired for being “too controversial.” 
Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly was fired from NBC before even starting on air there.
Under the LARK program, Gitmo detainees are being housed with liberals who disagree with the U.S. government's treatment of those prisoners. 
Is the GOP's Obamacare Replacement Called 'World's Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017'? 
The New York Times contradicted their 20 January 2017 report about wire tapping in an article entitled “Trump, Offering No Evidence, Says Obama Tapped His Phones.”
Newly installed U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos stipulated that “all history books will contain only the information that can also be found in the Christian Bible.”
 Wal-Mart is trying out products embedded with RFID tracking chips.
 You can tell counterfeit $2 coins (toonies) circulating in Canada from real ones by the size of the Queen's portrait.
 Dunkin' Donuts refused to contribute to a reward offered for finding the killer of a police officer who was shot in one of its stores.
 Men's underwear is referred to as 'BVDs' because the term is an abbreviation of the phrase 'Boy's Ventilated Drawers.'
 At the end of 2009, Bank of America will be dropping FDIC coverage on all interest-bearing accounts.
 Oprah Winfrey said that restaurant customers need not tip their servers more than 10%..
 Criminal gangs in Arlington are staging medical emergencies to lure drivers out of their cars and rob them.
 A serial killer/rapist is luring women with $5 bills they've 'dropped.'
 Some older model cordless phones call 911 by themselves when their batteries are dying.
 Gang initiates must assault or kill a woman, a small child, or an elderly person at a Wal-Mart.
 Criminals in Omaha are distracting drivers with decoys and notes left on windshields in order to gain entry to automobiles.
 Six black students in Jena, Louisiana, were charged with attempted murder for a beating administered to a white student.
A photograph shows two extremely muscular female bodybuilders.
 A video shows two men with jet packs flying alongside an Airbus 380 airliner.
Photographs show a dog saving an abandoned newborn child.
 Police in Lumberton, Texas, placed an ad in the Lumberton Ledger offering to assist drug dealers by arresting their competitors.
 “12 Days of Whataburger” coupons can be redeemed for free food items at Whataburger outlets.
 Starbucks issued 'My Favorite Way to Cool Down This Summer' coupons via e-mail.
 Internet users can receive free Sony PlayStation consoles for forwarding an e-mail message to their friends.
 McDonald's is distributing an Internet-circulated coupon redeemable for a free Premium Salad at McDonald's restaurants.
 PayPal customers can claim a share of a class action lawsuit settlement.
 Panda Express will be celebrating its 15th anniversary by offering discounted and free food on 19 November 2008.
 Marks & Spencer are giving away free merchandise vouchers in partnership with Persimmon Homes.
 Miller is giving away 2 million free cases of beer to those who forward an e-mail message from them.
 On-line coupon can be redeemed for a free smoothie at Jamba Juice outlets.
 Forwarding an Internet chain letter will earn you scads of cash from IWon.com.
 The In-N-Out hamburger chain will be offering price rollbacks as part of a 60th anniversary promotion.
 The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) owns a patent on Ebola.
 Item describes penalties for non-compliance with the PPACA individual health insurance mandate.
 Photographs show a man whose brain became 'infested with maggots' due to an ingrown hair or consumption of contaminated sushi.
 Photograph shows a fetus reaching out towards the surgeon during an in-the-womb surgery.
 Rainbow loom bands have been pulled from the market because they are carcinogenic.
The Gardasil HPV vaccine has been proved to have caused the deaths of 32 women. 
Drinking four glasses of water at the beginning of each day will cure various diseases. 
 Al Gore's residence uses considerably more energy than the average American home.
 An Islamic bank is the majority owner of the Caribou Coffee chain.
 Images show new designs for American currency that the U.S. government is planning to introduce.
 Gary Heavin, founder and CEO of the fitness chain Curves, supports pro-life causes.
 Letter suggests fixing the U.S. economy by giving workers over age 50 $1 million each.
 Congress supported a bailout of AIG because that company insures the Congressional pension trust.
 The U.S. government has agreed to allow China to exercise “eminent domain” as collateral for American debt.
 The 2004 flu vaccine shortage was attributable to a lawsuit handled by Vice-Presidential candidate John Edwards.
 A recent study disproved a link between sun exposure and skin cancer.
 A teenager whose mother had died received a government check mailed to “Mrs. Passed Away.”
 Photograph shows a breast rash caused by South American larvae.
 Mortality rates in hospitals go up in July due to an influx of inexperienced doctors.
 Photographs show an infant Egyptian girl with a second head.
 A study found dangerous microbial growth on 70% of lemon slices served with beverages in restaurants.
 Accounts warn of death and disease caused by rat urine on soda cans.
 Medical waste that included human tissue was shipped from British Columbia to be incinerated at a power plant in Oregon.
 Swallowing active dry yeast before drinking alcohol will prevent you from getting drunk.
 Letter from Judge David Kithil provides accurate line item criticisms of “Obamacare” health care reform legislation.
 Doctors let die those patients who've indicated they'll donate their organs.
 Reusing, freezing, or heating plastic water bottles will cause them to break down into carcinogenic compounds or release dioxins.
 A home pregnancy test can detect testicular cancer.
 Sexpert Dr. Ruth Westheimer served as a sniper in Israel.
 On 30 July 2008, The Cheesecake Factory restaurants will be selling cheesecake for $1.50 per slice.
 The web site FreeFlixTix distributes free movie tickets.
 Dunkin' Donuts outlets are giving away free iced coffees on 21 March 2007.
 Krispy Kreme outlets will be giving away free doughnuts on 3 June 2005.
 You can get free air travel on Delta Air Lines for forwarding an e-mail message to your friends.
 An Internet-distributed coupon can be redeemed at any participating Starbucks outlet for a free Crème Frappuccino drink.
 conEdison is reimbursing its customers up to $350 in compensation for food spoiled during the August 2003 blackout.
 British Airways is offering free round-trip travel to London to those who forward an e-mail message to 10 other people.
House speaker Paul Ryan asserted that women who use birth control are committing murder.
Legislation introduced by Republicans during President Trump's first two months in office included bills to: terminate the Environmental Protection Agency; redistribute federal school funding via voucher programs; terminate the Dept. of Education; repeal a wildlife protection rule; repeal the Affordable Care Act; defund Planned Parenthood; establish a national right-to-work law; strip federal funds from sanctuary cities; criminalize abortion; and place new sanctions on Iran.
Reggae musician Buju Banton killed himself in prison.
122 detainees released from confinement at Guantanamo Bay under President Obama have re-engaged in terrorist activities.
The FBI has issued an arrest warrant for Barack Obama over charges of illegal wiretapping.
A Japanese man was found dead months after being crushed by huge pile of pornography.
President Trump tweeted that Native Americans should be deported back to India.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has resigned her U.S. Supreme Court seat and moved to New Zealand.
A Florida drug trafficker pardoned by President Obama was re-arrested three months later for the murder of his girlfriend.
 Law enforcement group urges boycott of the video game 25 to Life.
 Marcus Dixon, an African-American teenager, was sentenced to ten years in prison for having had sex with a white teenaged girl.
 E-mail reproduces a 1999 newspaper article warning about potential troubles with Fannie Mae.
 Bovine Unite is a viral marketing campaign for a chain of chicken restaurants.
 The 2008 U.S. economic downturn resulted from Democratic control of Congress in 2007.
 Singer Lee Greenwood cancelled a Denver concert appearance at the last minute over a pay dispute.
 A Texas Roadhouse manager requested compensation for business lost due to the fatal shooting of two police officers.
 Petition addresses environmental issues associated with the Pascua-Lama mining operation in Chile.
 Nike pulled a print ad for their Air Dri-Goat shoes because readers found it offensive to the disabled.
 A Nike shoe advertisement uses imagery from a terrorist bombing.
 E-mail warns about Congress' allowing Internet providers to abandon the concept of network neutrality.
 Mondex is planning to replace money with biochips embedded in people's heads and hands.
 AOL and Yahoo! are proposing to “tax” e-mail messages.
Photographs show a cache of weapons uncovered by the Coast Guard in Greece, disguised as furniture and headed for European refugee camps.
 A 3-year-old girl named Andrea Montoya is missing from a hotel in Gatlinburg, Tennessee.
 A 5-year-old boy named Christopher John Mineo is missing from his New York home.
 A 13-year-old girl named Carissa Malanitch is missing.
 A four-year-old boy named Jeremiah is missing from his Nashville-area home.
 Tampax Pearl brand tampons have been linked to an outbreak of toxic shock syndrome.
 Vitamin C users who eat shrimp risk death from arsenic poisoning.
 The American Red Cross charges a fee to persons whom they assist.
 Photograph shows a woman who suffered a severe infection after the application of henna.
 Johns Hopkins Hospital issued a “cancer update” detailing how cancer spreads and recommending methods for treating the disease.
 A drug concoction known as krokodil can rot the skin of users who inject it.
 Various states have passed laws requiring that public assistance recipients pass a drug testing program.
 Greek citizens are self-inflicting HIV in order to collect government benefits.
 Pampers Dry Max diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.
 Photograph shows a man with a nose growing on his forehead.
 The federal government called out National Guard resources to block protesting truckers from using I-495 (the Capital Beltway) in Washington.
 The toll-free phone number for the “Obamacare national call center” spells out a crude phrase.
 A provision of Obamacare allows federal agents to conduct forced home inspections and remove children from the custody of their parents.
NBC's long-running 'Saturday Night Live' has been cancelled due to low ratings.
Comedian Tommy Chong of 'Cheech and Chong' fame passed away in February 2017.
Ivana Trump claimed her famous ex-husband Donald is addicted to penile enhancement pills.
Vice President Mike Pence is creating a 'Department of Anti-Witchcraft' to safeguard religious liberty.
A napping morgue worker in Texas was accidentally cremated by a coworker. 
In March 2017, President Trump signed an executive order allocating payments of more than $4,000 to everyone over 65.
Barack and Michelle Obama have filed for divorce in Illinois.
Comedian Amy Schumer was arrested at the 2017 Academy Awards for threatening during the live television broadcast to harm President Trump. 
Saudi scientists announced that theyhad determined women were mammals but not humans.
 Tampon manufacturers use asbestos in their products to promote bleeding.
 Boiling shampoo and inhaling the fumes to get high is a common practice among teenagers.
 Photographs show a boy whose nose has been impaled with a fork.
 Photograph shows a patient who received a severe penile burn from urinating on an electric fence.
 Molly is a dangerous recreational drug made from cocaine, crack, ecstasy, meth and bath salt.
 Hydrogen peroxide will cure a variety of ailments.
 A woman contracted breast cancer from carrying a cell phone in her bra.
 E-mail offers information about the Canadian health care system.
 Treat burns with egg whites.
 Message warns that health care reform will be a “death warrant” for seniors.
 President Obama declined to answer a question about whether he would give up his current health care program.
 The Obama Health Care Plan disallows advanced neurosurgery for patients over 70.
 An EPA study proposed paying families to allow their children to be exposed to pesticides.
 Soup cans are lined with dangerous levels of BPA.
 Photographs show a foot injury caused by stepping on a broken CFL bulb.
 Photograph shows a student with cerebral palsy who was left alone apart from the rest of the choir during a school performance in which he was supposed to take part.
 Patients should request the use of thyroid guards during x-ray procedures.
 Zicam brand cold remedy causes a loss of smell in consumers who use it.
 A daily regimen of ingesting gin-soaked raisins will help relieve arthritis symptoms.
 Adulterated Dew® brand bottled water killed 180 people in Tanzania.
 A girl named Bella Marie Lamb has been kidnapped from her Columbia, TN, home.
 E-mail memorializes the shaken baby death of 3-month-old London Marie Sherwood.
 Cancer sufferer Brandon Rayner wants to set a world record for the number of business cards received.
 Nick Waters, a 15-year-old physically-challenged boy living in Georgia, wants 10,000 Christmas cards.
 A little boy named Anthony Parkin, dying of leukemia, sent a message out on the Internet asking people to keep forwarding it so that some small part of him would live forever.
 A Tampa, Florida, infant named Kaleb Schwade is hospitalized with brain injuries.
Target's stock crashed because of its transgender bathroom policy.
Whoopi Goldberg said that “military widows love their 15 minutes in the spotlight.”
Media giant Time Warner declined to renew CNN's contract.
Two intelligence agencies suspect that President Donald Trump's cell phone is the source of recently leaked information.
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. has a display listIng off “early warning signs” of an encroaching fascist government.
President Trump's sons were detained at a Canadian airport due to their alleged ties to a “fascist dictator.” 
There is a demonstrable link between marijuana legalization and an increase in violent crime.
A 7-year-old girl was flown to China to receive breast implants for her birthday.
Due to a shortage of men, Iceland will pay $5,000 per month to immigrants who marry Icelandic women.
President Trump has signed a bill lowering the age of sexual consent to 13. 
Democrats Bernie Sanders, Keith Ellison, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and Nancy Pelosi refused to stand and clap for Navy SEAL widow Carryn Owens during a presidential speech.
Pope Francis said that it was 'better to be an atheist than a bad Catholic.'
Trump strategist Stephen Bannon defended spousal abuse with the statement, “Nobody can blame you for beating your wife if it's out of love.” 
Sweden was “rocked” by a massive terrorist attack in February 2017.
 Taping a penny to the site of a bee sting will ease the pain.
 List offers useful tips for avoiding contracting the swine flu.
 Article by orthopedic surgeon Dr. Dave Janda criticizes the ObamaCare Plan as “fascist.”
 Milk sold at Wal-Mart contains rBST, a dangerous growth hormone.
 Drug products containing PPA (phenylpropanolamine) were pulled from the market due to FDA concerns over a possible connection to strokes.
 The 'Codex Alimentarius' will eliminate U.S. consumers' rights to purchase and use vitamins, minerals, and dietary supplements.
 Ingestion of hand sanitizer by children can result in alcohol poisoning.
 Hunter Scott, a 6-year-old boy with brain cancer, wants birthday cards.
 A four-year-old girl named Hannah Garman, who is dying from cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.
 Christmas cards are requested for Jacob Hadcock, a four-year-old boy dying from leukemia.
 Christmas cards are requested for Nathan Elfrink, a 7-year-old boy with terminal cancer.
 Noah Biorkman, a 5-year-old boy battling cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.
 Cancer sufferer Shane wants to set a world record for number of birthday cards received.
 A boy named Christopher Bedgood, who is suffering from cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.
 A billionaire has promised 5¢ per e-mail forward towards defraying the medical costs incurred by the family of Jermaine Beerman, a child injured in an automobile accident.
 E-mail requests birthday cards for Alyssa Bruno, a 5-year-old girl who is battling diffuse pontine glioma.
 The swine flu vaccine used in the U.S. contains squalene, a dangerous adjuvant.
 ABC News' 20/20 co-anchor John Stossel was fired for trying to air a piece critical of health care reform.
The son of child care expert Dr. Benjamin Spock killed himself.
 The CDC has warned that the swine flu is wiping out villages in Asia and will kill 60% of the U.S. population.
 Article reveals the Mayo Clinic's expectations for a swine flu pandemic.
 A 2-year-old boy died a horrible death after ingesting Resolve brand carpet cleaner.
 A single dose of Children's Motrin can cause ulcers and gastrointestinal bleeding in children.
 Some children's vinyl lunch boxes contain unsafe levels of lead.
 Adolescents have died huffing from cans of Dust-Off brand compressed air.
 Dawn brand dishwashing liquid is significantly more caustic than other brands and erodes the corneas of children's eyes.
 Some German states have banned Red Bull's 'Simply Cola' drink after claiming it contains trace amounts of cocaine.
 An elderly patient met his demise when the gurney he was strapped to rolled away with him.
 Obese woman brought to emergency room is discovered to have various household items concealed in the folds of her flesh.
 Women in childbirth with tattoos on their lower backs should not receive anesthetic via epidural injection.
Children who watch at least 30 minutes of “Peppa Pig” per day have a 56 percent higher probability of developing autism.
NRA president Jim Porter declared that 'it's only a matter of time before we can own colored people again.'
Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy announced that the chain would oppose blacks as a marketing ploy. 
A lack of media attention regarding a $12 billion reduction to the national debt during President Trump's first month in office is attributable to biased news coverage.
Seth Rogen, Bette Midler, and other Hollywood “liberal heroes” were arrested during an Oscar party drug raid.
Republican U.S. representatives implemented a new rule that shields them from prosecution.
A new “finger chop” challenge is spreading on social media in protest of President Trump. 
George Soros was arrested and charged with hate crimes against America.
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz was confronted by a shareholder over the company's support for same-sex marriage. 
A man died in a meth lab explosion after attempting to light his own flatulence. 
John Hagee, founder of the Cornerstone Church, wants to prosecute women for saying God's name during intercourse.
The Supreme Court has advanced a motion seeking to overturn the results of the 2016 due to purported Russian interference. 
Two Democratic Party congressmen were arrested for “plotting to murder the president.”
 A web site allocates money to autism research and other charities for every video viewed.
 Target has banned Salvation Army bell ringers from its premises.
 Paper products manufacturer Seventh Generation will donate a box of sanitary products to a women's shelter for every user who clicks a link on their site.
 Medline is donating money to breast cancer-related charities in conjunction with a “Pink Glove” promotion.
 Merck is offering to donate $1 to cancer research for every free “Make the Commitment” bracelet kit ordered from them.
 Cellular providers will donate $1 to Susan G. Komen for the Cure every time a particular text message is sent.
 Messages provide information about contributions to earthquake relief efforts in Haiti.
 Campbell's Soup will donate a can of soup to the hungry for every click received on a special web page.
 The proceeds from a special U.S. postal stamp help fund breast cancer research.
The Minions in the film “Despicable Me” were inspired by photographs of young Nazi poison gas test subjects. 
A photograph shows a jar of Gerber brand “Big Mac and Fries” baby food. 
 Photographs show a 15-foot diamondback rattlesnake captured in Florida.
 A drug called Progesterex is being used by date rapers to sterilize their victims and thereby prevent identification through paternity.
 The price of generic drugs can vary widely from one pharmacy to the next.
 E-mail describes the death of a woman from blood clots associated with her use of birth control pills.
 FluMist, a flu vaccine delivered as a nasal mist, poses a greater risk to the public than the flu virus itself.
 Cold-fX “feeds” development of hormonal cancers in women.
 A recall has been issued for store-brand acetaminophen pills manufactured by Perrigo.
 E-mail warns about a disease known as Inflammatory Breast Cancer.
 The CA-125 blood test is a reliable method of detecting ovarian cancer in its early stages, and women should insist upon having one done with each yearly examination.
 Embedded ticks can cause paralysis.
 The health care bill currently before Congress mandates that seniors be given euthanasia counseling every five years.
John McCain solicited campaign contributions from Russia.
A teenager known as the “Catch Me Outside Girl” due to an appearance on the 'Dr Phil Show' was arrested for prostitution.
An audio recording features CNN anchor Jake Tapper using racial slurs.
Parents in Texas found a codeine tablet in a sealed canister of Gerber Puffs. 
Actor Bill Murray said in order to teach children about taxes, eat their ice cream. 
President Trump played golf six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing his predecessor's golfing habits.
Actor Andrew Lincoln died in a car crash in February 2017.
Tucker Carlson hired an actor to play a protest organizer on his Fox News program.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order that bars undocumented people from receiving welfare.
President Trump signed an executive order cutting off welfare to “deadbeats, drug addicts and scam artists.”
A transcript reproduces '60 Minutes' commentator Andy Rooney's explaining his political views. 
Televangelist Pat Robertson said “staring” at First Lady Melania Trump could “cure gays.”
 An epidemic has resulted in an outbreak of 'zombism.'
 Message lists consequences that will result from passage of the Freedom of Choice Act.
 E-mail accuses actor from a “black sitcom” of deliberately spreading HIV to his sexual partners.
 Photograph shows a white businessman posing with the body of a little black boy he hunted for sport in Africa.
 A leaked Malia Obama selfie was obtained by a hip-hop group and posted to Instagram.
 Video clip shows a Swedish policeman dancing on the job.
 Salvation Army bell-ringers keep a portion of the monies deposited into their kettles.
 The Avon cosmetics company will donate 10¢ to breast cancer research every time you interact with an animated bear.
 The Salvation Army charges families for clothing and toys donated to them through the Angel Tree program.
 The 3M company is constructing the World's Largest Pink Ribbon in Times Square to support breast cancer awareness.
 A four-year-old British girl named Madeleine McCann is missing from a Portuguese vacation resort.
 Pastor Joel Osteen announced that he has resigned and renounced Christianity.
 Four refueling tips help consumers get the most from their gasoline dollar.
 You can receive any of the following rewards from various companies by simply forwarding an e-mail message or clicking a share link:
 A 37-year-old man named Joseph Rummerfield is missing from the Tulare, California, area.
 IHOP restaurants are offering free pancakes on National Pancake Day.
 Christmas cards are requested for Dalton Dingus, a 9-year-old boy with cystic fibrosis.
 A 16-year-old girl named Katherine Lea Maiden is missing from her Idaho home.
 12-year-old Brent Jones is missing from his Zalma, Missouri, home.
 A four-year study has found that Fox News viewers have IQs 20 points lower than average.
 Target is distributing free $500 vouchers or $1000 gift cards to users who click an online link.
 Christmas cards are requested for Nathan Norman, a 5-year-old Virginia boy with cancer.
 Fifteen states have filed petitions to secede from the United States.
 Prayers are requested for Heather Brown, who remains in a coma after giving birth to a son.
 Best Buy is distributing free $1,000 gift cards to users who click an online link.
 Justin Bieber befriended a fan who had been raped after attending one of his concerts.
 A 15-year-old girl named Ellie Mae Ashley is missing from her Nottinghamshire home.
A 2016 bill before the Kentucky legislature would have required men to get their wives' permission before obtaining a prescription for Viagra or other erectile dysfunction drug.
Coca-Cola issued a recall of Dasani water products after a clear parasite was found in bottles across the United States.
Ben Carson said that illegal immigrants who get caught voting should be stripped of citizenship.
A federal judge ruling in a defamation suit declared that CNN was “fake news.”
President Donald Trump is billing Michelle Obama for buying yachts, furniture, and other items while she was First Lady.
A bill introduced to the Tennessee General Assembly classifies children born from artificial insemination as illegitimate.
Former President Barack Obama is “commanding” an army of anti-Trump protesters from his home near the White House.
Congress passed a law that makes it legal for mentally impaired people to purchase a gun?
 Video clip shows a man shooting down a waterslide, flying off a ramp, and landing in a small wading pool.
 Photographs show a half-ton shark caught in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.
A photograph shows a raccoon riding an alligator.
 Photograph shows a large crocodile killed in Zimbabwe.
A 1955 photograph from Time magazine depicts that era's 'perfect body.' 
 Photographs show automobile accidents that occurred as the result of motorists texting while driving.
Facebook will donate money to help a child with cancer every time an appeal for help is liked or shared. 
 Charlie Codling, a 4-year-old boy with a terminal brain tumor, wants postcards.
Walmart is distributing free $100 or $1,000 gift cards to users who click an online link. 
 A 2-month-old girl was badly burned in the hand by emergency room staff at a Merced hospital.
 A 15-year-old girl named Sierra LaMar is missing from her California home.
 Prayers are requested for Youcef Nadarkhani, a Christian pastor who is facing execution in Iran.
 Toms Shoes is giving away free merchandise to Facebook users.
 Facebook will donate $1 for treatment of a girl with a severely distended abdomen every time her picture is shared.
 Forwarding an Internet chain letter will get you listed in The Guinness Book of World Records.
 The e.l.f. brand of cosmetics has been bought up by a major department store chain and is offering its remaining inventory at $1 per item in anticipation of rebranding.
 The satanic leaf-tailed gecko has wings like a dragon.
 Photograph shows the killer Volat-Araneus “flying spider” due to migrate to the UK this year.
 Photograph shows a kayaker being trailed by a Great White shark.
Breast milk is glittery gold under a microscope.
 Photograph shows an eagle perched atop a gravestone in a military cemetery.
 E-petitions urge Americans to buy/not buy Citgo brand gasoline.
 17-year-old Haley Wilson is missing from her Amarillo, Texas, home.
 Free $100 Cheesecake Factory gift cards for all Facebook users.
 To celebrate its birthday, Tim Hortons chain of donut shops is giving away free gift cards.
 Prayers are requested for Karen Perry, who lost her three children in a Thanksgiving-eve plane crash.
 Scientists state a 30% chance that a 6.0 earthquake will hit Berkeley, California, within 3 weeks of 28 October 2011.
 Article contrasts observances of the passings of Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, and Michael Jackson.
 An “Instructions for Life” chain mail mantra was written by the Dalai Lama.
 Olive Garden policy prohibits display of the U.S. flag.
Forwarding an e-mail message will help Amy Bruce, a 7-year-old girl dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor. 
 Prayers requested for Jordon Mills, who has Crohn's Disease and is in Intensive Care.
 Phone cards are good gifts for U.S. soldiers.
The state of California ignored structural issues with the Oroville dam and paid for programs to benefit undocumented people instead.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz is investigating a PBS show instead of President Donald Trump's alleged Russian connections 
The process to impeach President Trump has begun.
'Family Matters' star Reginald VelJohnson died of a heart attack in February 2017. 
Katy Perry was taken from the Grammys in handcuffs after threatening President Trump.
President Trump announced a “stimulus bonus of $612” for every “deserving” American adult and child.
A Russian spy ship has been spotted off the east coast of the United States.
 “Motivational poster” shows a former cheerleader turned Air Force sniper.
 Photographs show the world's largest swimming pool.
 Photographs show a toppled crane that fell through the first floor of a building under construction.
 Photographs show a black white-tailed deer fawn.
 Photograph shows a house painted in protest by its owner after he was barred from displaying a U.S. flag in his yard.
 Photograph shows giant humanoid skulls discovered after an earthquake in South America.
 Images show a Solar Tower to be built in Rio de Janeiro in conjunction with the 2016 Olympic Games.
 Prayers are requested for Audri King, a 2-year-old Oklahoma girl battling cancer.
 A 13-year-old Philadelphia girl named Ashley Flores is missing.
 A 16-year-old girl named Casey Nicole Mueller is missing.
 Prayers are requested for Tony Mullis, a 20-year-old soldier who lost his legs while serving in Afghanistan.
Betsy DeVos said that a 40 percent approval rating meant that President Trump had the support of more than half the country.
President Trump sent former President Obama a bill for vacations he took with taxpayer money.
A list collects statements about rape made by Republican politicians. 
The United States is deporting military veterans.
President Donald Trump was overheard referring to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as the “leader of the igloo people.”
Adolf Hitler said that the only way that the Nazi party could have been stopped was if it were destroyed in its infancy. 
Donald Trump was spotted at a Swiss resort with Vladimir Putin before the 2016 election. 
Former president George H.W. Bush passed away on 11 February 2017.
A record number of people were deported from the U.S. during Barack Obama's tenure as President.
President Trump refused to give federal support to California due to state's sanctuary cities.
 Photograph shows a moose hanging from power cables.
 Photographs show an airliner with a 'Flying 101' exterior design.
 Photograph snapped during a Korean War bombing raid shows an image of Jesus in the clouds.
Vintage color photograph from 1941 shows the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
 A species of cephalopod known as the Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus can live on both land and water.
 Photographs show a Calderon dolphin hunt taking place in Denmark.
Images document a Hamas-organized mass wedding of adult men and pre-pubescent girls in the Gaza Strip. 
 Former Lockheed Martin engineer Boyd Bushman provided evidence of human contact with alien life before his death in August 2014.
 Video clip shows a middle-aged woman punching another woman in the mouth.
 Cleaning for a Reason offers free cleaning services to women undergoing treatment for cancer.
 For every forwarded copy of an e-mail received, the American Cancer Society will donate three cents to cancer research.
 A 16-year-old girl named Jackie Buyher is missing from her Evansville, Indiana, home.
 A one-year-old girl named Gabrielle Dahm is missing from her home in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.
 Every time a particular text message is forwarded, the phone company will donate $2 towards a heart transplant for an unnamed baby girl.
 Prayers are requested for Sam Bish, an 8-year-old with stage four osteosarcoma.
 Reachelle Marie Smith is missing from her Minot, North Dakota, home.
 Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free bags of Doritos brand tortilla chips.
Planned Parenthood enforces “abortion quotas” and rewards well-performing employees for promoting abortion services. 
Bruce Springsteen wrote an open letter apologizing for letting Donald Trump become president.
Eighty percent of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals' decisions are overturned by the Supreme Court. 
The Secret Service has launched an “emotional protection” unit for President Trump.
A video shows Coretta Scott King thanking Jeff Sessions during her remarks at the dedication of the Rosa Parks Library.
President Trump has established English as the official language of the United States.
ISIS murdered 250 children by putting them into a dough kneader.
Thousands of Muslims voluntarily left the United States after Donald Trump was elected president.
President Donald Trump banned “Sharia Law” in the United States.
President Trump fired longtime White House butler Cecil Gaines for disobedience.
Videos have captured strange apocalyptic sounds coming from the sky all around the world. 
 Photographs show a motorcyclist who crashed into the back of a truck.
 Photographs show human remains discovered inside a crocodile.
Photograph shows a frozen Alaskan tree frog, a species that can survive for weeks with most of its body water frozen. 
 Photograph shows a grocery receipt for steak and lobster purchased with food stamps.
 Photographs show damage to an airplane caused by a mid-air collision with a goose.
 Photograph shows a 419.99 mile-marker sign along I-70 in Colorado.
 A video clip captures two angels flying over Brazil.
 President Bush has appointed W. David Hager, a physician and anti-abortion activist, to an FDA committee on reproductive drugs.
 An Internet-circulated coupon is good for a free bottle of Bertolli Olive Oil of up to 34 oz.
 An Internet-distributed coupon can be redeemed at Red Robin restaurants for a free hamburger and sundae.
 Consumers can receive free laptop computers from Ericsson (or Dell) for forwarding an e-mail message to eight friends.
 Applebee's restaurants are giving away $50 gift certificates to customers who forward an e-mail message.
 A Middle Eastern advertisement created by Coca-Cola depicts the Coke logo emblazoned on the Dome of the Rock.
 Four-year-old Jewel Strong is missing.
 A Russian company is offering luxury yacht cruises along the Somali coast which provide passengers with the opportunity to shoot pirates.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos ordered that all classroom globes be flattened. 
Betsy DeVos and her family contributed millions of dollars to the campaigns of Republican candidates.
Amazon's Alexa ordered an expensive dollhouse after a child asked the device to play with her, and a news report on the incident triggered several dozen more unwanted orders. 
A new Arkansas law allows rapists to sue their victims to stop an abortion.
A woman named Cassidy Boon is suing the man who saved her from drowning, claiming he raped her.
'The Simpsons' predicted President Donald Trump's death and showed him lying in a coffin.
President Trump signed an Executive Order banning childhood vaccinations for 90 days.
An image macro accurately compares the remarks of President Trump and former President Obama at National Prayer Breakfasts.
Vice President Mike Pence openly lamented God never asked him to sacrifice one of his children, but he was prepared in the event that a sacrifice of a grandchild was requested of him.
 Map issued by Australian Radiation Services shows the expected path of nuclear fallout from Fukushima across the western U.S.
 Video shows Tampa Bay infielder Evan Longoria making an amazing bare-handed catch during an interview.
 A hearing-impaired student at Tioga Hills Elementary School was physically disciplined by a teacher and sustained a dislocated shoulder as a result.
 Photographs show a brown bear that was electrocuted when it chewed through a power line.
 Photograph shows a bobcat pulling a shark from the ocean.
Photograph shows a young Nancy Pelosi as “Miss Lube Rack” of 1959. 
 Photographs show furniture and a floating automobile carved from wood.
 Photographs show a volcanic lightning storm in Chile.
 Photograph shows a service technician who was dragged off a motor scooter and beaten by a mob of “Trayvon crazed thugs.”
 Two Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free Velveeta and Reynolds Wrap products.
 Target stores with optical departments are offering free eyeglasses to children 12 and under.
 Glade PlugIns brand air fresheners have been proved a significant fire hazard.
 An 11-year-old boy with a tumor in his neck from Hodgkin's Lymphoma needs prayers.
 A 15-year-old boy named Evan Trembley is missing.
 The Orange County chapter of the American Red Cross declined to allow an invited musical troupe to performs songs such as “God Bless the USA” at an awards luncheon.
 Photograph shows RAND Corporation's 1954 design for a home computer.
 You can purchase human meat through a company called ManBeef.
 A Las Vegas business has conducted “hunts” of naked women by paying customers armed with paintball guns.
A damaged nuclear reactor at Fukushima Daiichi is about to fall into the ocean.
Stephen Colbert and Rachel Maddow are organizing a 'Fire The Fool' rally against President Trump.
Steve Bannon once described himself a “Leninist” who wanted to destroy the state.
Green Card holders are being illegally registered to vote without their knowledge or consent in order to create legal grounds for their deportation. 
President Trump's White House dress code includes a requirement women wear dresses.
White House staff disabled routine recording of a January 2017 phone call between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump.
A massive disc-shaped UFO was spotted in Malaysia.
Photographs show a new species of “giant sea spider” recently discovered in the Antarctic. 
President Trump signed an executive order naming himself winner of the popular vote.
 Photographs show a spider devouring a snake caught in its web.
 Photograph shows the first female Air Force aerial gunner.
 You can recharge your cell phone using body electricity.
 A photograph shows thousands of rubber ducks lost at sea in 1992.
 Photograph shows a Westboro Baptist Church sign reading 'Ted Cruz Is Our Hero.'“
 Video shows a levitating car developed by Volkswagen in China.
Photograph shows the face of a girl who was blinded by a nuclear bomb. 
 Photograph shows remarkably clear Flathead Lake in Montana.
 Photograph shows a “radioactive”-looking sinkhole in Philadelphia.
 List demonstrates the concept of “a billion.”
 Web site provides listings of violent criminals residing in your neighborhood.
 During an interview with CORE national spokesman Niger Innis, MSNBC displayed a graphic identifying him as “Nigger Innis.”
 Several on-line airline ticket sites are scams used to harvest credit card numbers or cheat consumers out of their money.
 A 2nd grader named Kellie Lawton is collecting e-mail responses for a school project.
 Educational materials publisher Pearson monitored students' social media accounts for content related to the PARCC test.
 Photograph shows an insect spy drone that can take photographs and DNA samples.
 Students at UC Irvine implemented a ban on the American flag.
 Photographs show an angry elephant overturning an automobile in a game reserve.
 Photographs show the new Cook County Correctional Center prison facility in Chicago, Illinois.
 Photographs show icebergs with multi-colored striping taken in Lake Michigan.
Photographs show the 'parrot plant,' a plant whose flowers resemble a parrot in flight. 
The skeleton of a giant human was uncovered during gas exploration in Saudi Arabia. 
 Photograph shows a tornado sucking up a rainbow.
 Photograph shows the chief of Brazil's Kayapó tribe weeping over the approval of a hydroelectric dam project that will destroy tribal forest areas
Neil Gorsuch called for the “advancement of the white race” and segregation in a 2012 statement. 
In 2016, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said: “One of my proudest moments was when I told Obama, 'You will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy,'” and in 2017, he said, “Apparently there's yet a new standard now, which is not to confirm a Supreme Court nominee at all. I think that's something the American people simply will not tolerate.”
President Trump lifted sanctions against Russia as a “gift” to Putin.
Providing security for First Lady Melania Trump in New York City would cost double the amount it takes to fund the National Endowment for the Arts. 
President Trump has removed white supremacists from the goverment's terror watch list.
President Trump changed the name of Black History Month to African-American History Month.
CAIR leader Mustafaa Carroll said that Muslims are above the law of the land and Sharia law supersedes the U.S. constitution
The mainstream media suppressed video of a massive march in which Muslims chanted “death to America.” 
An image depicts burning tents at a Dakota Access Pipeline protest camp at Standing Rock. 
Donald Trump signed an executive order naming climate change as a threat “both to the economy and national security.”
An academic study cited by conservative news organizations and the Trump administration proved that Hillary Clinton received more than 800,000 non-citizen votes in the 2016 presidential election. 
President Trump filed for re-election early, which means non-profits can't criticize him without losing their tax-exempt status.
President Trump signed an Executive Order prohibiting ER visits for patients complaining solely of a cold.
President Trump replaced a White House portrait of George Washington with a painting of Vigo the Carpathian. 
 You can make up to $75 per hour processing refunds for FedEx and UPS.
 Office workers in the United Kingdom are being conned into revealing their home addresses, leading to their houses being burgled during the day.
 Scammers are racking up hundreds of dollars per phone call by borrowing homeowners' phones and placing five-minute calls to expensive premium rate services.
 In Britain, mobile phone owners are being tricked into calling numbers that charge them £50 a minute.
 Gas stations are routinely imposing an extra $10 fee on credit card customers.
 Scammers con victims into forwarding their phones to other numbers.
 E-mail from lawyer gives good advice about preventive steps to protect against credit card theft.
 You can make money by learning the secrets of an organization known as the 'World Currency Cartel.'
 Bags of rice sent to President Eisenhower helped dissuade him from launching an attack against China.
 The Boy Scouts of America has lost some funding over its refusal to accept homosexuals within its ranks.
 Someone is in a race to collect the e-signatures of 300 people who believe in God before someone else collects 300 e-signatures from those who don't.
 Photograph depicts an admissions rejection letter sent by Harvard College.
 Image shows a children's textbook with a passage stating that only white people can be racist and only men can be sexist.
An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her
 An unretouched photograph of Cindy Crawford will be published in the April 2015 issue of Marie Claire magazine.
 An Oregon school punished a young child for tardiness by placing him behind a cardboard barrier at lunchtime.
 Circulating photo set accurately compares school lunches from other countries with American offerings that are paltry due to the interference of Michelle Obama.
 New York City pedestrians ignored a freezing, homeless child for two hours.
 An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her bra.
 Video shows a pedestrian being run over and beaten in Detroit.
 Photograph shows Condoleezza Rice posing with Osama bin Laden.
 Video clip shows martial arts star Bruce Lee playing ping-pong using nunchaku.
Photographs show Niagara Falls frozen in 1911 and 2014. 
 Telemarketers are luring those who've signed up for the national “Do Not Call” list by getting them to request coupons for free products.
 A moratorium on Internet taxation expires in 2007.
 The FCC plans to loosen its strictures against conglomerate ownership of media outlets.
 Sprint long distance service lists calls placed to Israel as having a destination of 'Palestine' on customers' bills in order to “court Arab business.”
 An upcoming film from director Steven Spielberg will document the current uprising in the West Bank from a pro-Palestinian point of view.
 The web sites of German automobile manufacturers BMW and Mercedes-Benz both displayed maps of the Middle East which left Israel unidentified.
 Wal-Mart employees must pony up to buy flags, flagpoles, and floodlights, or else their stores have to do without American flag displays.
 Coca-Cola has announced that it will be donating four days' worth of income to Israel.
A chart documents that nationals from the seven countries included in President Trump's U.S. entry restriction have not killed any American citizens since 1975. 
Queen Elizabeth asserted she has the legal authority to kill President Trump with a sword should he enter Buckingham Palace.
Boston-based history professor Heather Richardson surmised President Trump's Executive Order on immigration was a “shock event.” 
President Trump needs Senate confirmation in order for Steve Bannon to sit on the National Security Council.
Donald Trump's executive order restricting U.S. travel from predominantly-Muslim nations does not include countries where he has business interests.
As a result of President Trump's January 2017 executive order on immigration, an Islamic State leader was captured at a New York airport. 
President Obama banned immigration from Iraq for six months in 2011, but the media buried the story. 
President Donald Trump criticized Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for excessive Facebook usage. 
President Trump plans to make it illegal to be transgender. 
Top advisers to President Trump believe he is misleading them about being blackmailed by Russia.
Mary Anne MacLeod, President Donald Trump's mother, illegally immigrated to the United States in 1929. 
President Donald Trump changed the constitution to read “citizens” instead of “persons.”
 Photographs show a fishing boat capsized by a black marlin.
 Photograph shows a sign bearing an ominous threat from the group “Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America.”
KellyAnne Conway said that being labelled racist is a small price to pay for making the country “great again.”
 Photographs show ice formations in Lake Huron created by waves of water freezing in midair.
 The youngest mother on record was a five-year-old Peruvian girl.
 A Newfoundland diver snapped an underwater photograph of an enormous iceberg.
Video documents the existence of a never-ending “Escherian Stairwell.” 
 Photographs show a coyote that survived an eight-hour trip wedged behind a car bumper.
 The County of Los Angeles has requested that equipment vendors avoid using the industry term “Master/Slave” in product descriptions and labeling.
 Some celebrities promised to leave the USA if George W. Bush won the 2000 presidential election.
 The United States Postal Service is discontinuing the “Black Heritage” series of stamps and destroying the remaining stock.
 The Los Angeles Times ran a political cartoon that depicts a Muslim and a Jew praying at a wall featuring the word “hate” in large letters.
 Insurance and financial services company John Hancock is considering pulling a controversial television commercial scheduled to air during the Olympics thanks to right wing protests challenging its lesbian motherhood theme.
 Al Gore offered to sell his Senate vote on a 1991 Gulf War resolution to whichever side would give him more publicity.
 Fuji stores are distributing complimentary world maps that omit Israel.
 The Home Depot chain of stores is declining to do business with the federal government.
President Trump's executive order limiting travel and immigration from certain countries was made possible under a bill signed into law by President Obama in 2015.
Donald Trump's presidential campaign unveiled a new logo that resembles a swastika. 
President Trump has ordered the construction of concentration camps in the U.S.
An NPR study determined that 25 million fraudulent votes had been cast for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election.
Pope Francis condemned Donald Trump for issuing a temporary travel ban in January 2017.
Dan Rather has come out of retirement as a newsman to “topple” the Trump administration?
Mike Pence tweeted that calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are “offensive and unconstitutional.”
The senate voted 51-48 to repeal the Affordable Care Act on 12 January 2017.
The Chili's restaurant chain donates 15 percent of every sale to Planned Parenthood. 
Demonstrators at the Women's March on Washington carried signs that said “babies are useless.”
 Photograph shows Nigerian teachers and security guards armed with automatic weapons to protect students from Boko Haram militants.
 Photographs show a variety of cats adorned with $15,000 paint jobs.
 Photographs show a pair of black and white fraternal twin girls.
 Photograph shows a pickup truck that a wife crashed into her husband's Ferrari in the family garage.
 Magazine cover photo shows former Olympian Bruce Jenner transitioning to becoming a woman.
 A Saudi television station blurred out Michelle Obama's face during a news broadcast.
 Video shows a group of Muslims destroying burial plots of non-Muslims at a British WWII cemetery in Libya.
 A television show captured video of men who were tricked into catcalling their own mothers.
 A United States Geological Survey mapmaker was fired for posting a map on the WWW showing that caribou breeding grounds fall in area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge which the Bush administration wants to open to oil exploration.
 No Fear, Inc. a popular retailer, was confused with the National Organization for European American Rights (N.O.F.E.A.R.), a white supremacist organization.
 A teacher wants you to add your name to a growing list of first names for a school science project.
 A 9-year-old girl named Penny Brown is missing.
 A 5-year-old girl named Kelsey Brooke Jones is missing from her Minnesota home.
 Some dollar stores sell expired and foreign, non-ADA-standard formulations of toothpaste.
 E-mail warns that buying mulch from major home improvement stores will spread the Formosan subterranean termite.
 Document pictures employee whose hands caught on fire when he lit a cigarette after using a hand sanitizer product.
 Ordinary use of waterproof sunscreen can cause blindness.
 Lead candle wicks pose a household risk.
 Parents of children born between 1980 and 1991 are entitled to a $1400 settlement from Enfamil and Similac.
 A photograph snapped by the Curiosity robotic rover captured a human shadow on the surface of Mars.
 A banned commercial for Sprite soft drink features a suggestive sex act.
Photographs show sign-bearing Muslim protesters at a “Religion of Peace' demonstration in London. 
 Photographs show a desert memorial constructed to honor the victims of UTA Flight 772.
 NASA cut a live video stream from the International Space Station just as a UFO appeared on the horizon.
 The February 2015 issue of Cosmopolitan UK magazine features a cover photo of a woman suffocating.
A video investigation showed that Planned Parenthood lies about providing prenatal care. 
John Wayne said that he believed in white supremacy during an interview with “Playboy” magazine.
Kellyanne Conway punched a man while breaking up a fight at an inauguration ball.
President Trump ordered the execution of several turkeys pardoned by President Obama. 
President Trump disparaged Navajos on Twitter on 20 January 2017. 
Female lawmakers unveiled a bill prohibiting the disposal of “unused semen.”
President Obama defied Congress and “quietly” sent $221 million in aid to the Palestinian Authority.
President Donald Trump posited that Canadian women were the second biggest threat to America following ISIS. 
President Obama promoted former Taliban captive Bowe Bergdahl to staff sergeant.
The FBI raided the CDC in the middle of the night to seize data on a link between vaccines and autism.
President Trump's administration shut down the White House phone comment line.
 Someone claiming to be the “Yahoo Community Monitor” is joining discussion groups and mischievously deleting them.
 Actor Christopher Walken is planning on making a bid for the U.S. presidency in 2008.
 The governor of Florida asked residents to reduce their electrical usage during Ted Bundy's execution.
 A reality show on NBC will feature women being pursued through the brush by rapists.
 A forthcoming Jamie Oliver cookery book, Naked Chef 2, is circulating on the Internet as a Microsoft Word document.
 Children orphaned by the Indian Ocean tsunami are being offered for sale via SMS messages.
 You should donate money to help an expectant couple seeking to raise $50,000 in order to avoid opting for an abortion.
 Parents are entitled to claim one $500 savings bond per child from Gerber because Gerber lied about using nothing but natural ingredients in its baby food.
Photograph shows John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe sharing an intimate moment. 
Photographs show a USAF airman marshaling a jet in a non-standard, revealing outfit. 
 A photograph shows Valentina Vassilyeva posing with her 69 children.
 Video clip shows a car with color-changing “paramagnetic paint.”
 An Alabama middle school sent a letter to parents requesting canned goods to be used for defense against intruders.
 A woman sued her ex-boyfriend for surreptitiously tattooing a pile of excrement on her back.
 Photographs show a Ford Mustang ad campaign utilizing semi-transparent billboards.
 Photograph shows a UFO discovered at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
 Students in Revere, Massachusetts, were forced to recite an Islamic conversion prayer.
A mother tiger at a California zoo nursed a group of piglets after her own cubs died. 
 Actor Will Ferrell was killed in a paragliding accident.
 E-mail reproduces TMZ article about Duane Martin and Tisha Campbell
 The FBI's “Department for Illegal Internet Downloads” is sending out automated warning messages via e-mail.
 In an effort to protect the deer population, PETA has taken to dressing deer in orange hunters' vests. Consequently, local hunters are having a very easy time drawing a bead on these animals and downing them. A sporting goods store offers rewards for the returned vests and a buy-in competition the hunters can participate in.
 Some supermarket chains in Norway have decided to place special identification stickers on products from Israel to protest Israeli actions in their conflict with the Palestinian Authority.
 A baby girl named Delaney pulled a hot Fry Daddy onto herself, resulting in serious burns.
The 'Dr. Phil Show' guest known as the “Cash Me Outside” girl committed suicide.
Lawmakers are creating harsher criminal penalties for protesters
Former President Obama's daughters Malia and Sasha were arrested for vandalism in Hawaii.
One of the first acts of the Trump administration was to seek the end of U.S. participation in the United Nations.
Donald Trump's 2017 swearing-in was the most viewed presidential inauguration in history.
Maps and other escape aids were smuggled to Allied POWs in Monopoly sets during World War II. 
Donald Trump had a bust of Marin Luther King, Jr. removed from display in the Oval Office on his first day in the White House.
Mike Pence said that he was disappointed in husbands and fathers for allowing women to participaite in the Women's March.
Donald Trump plagiarized portions of 'Bee Movie' and 'Avatar' for his inaugural address.
Official Department of Interior Twitter accounts were temporarily deactivated after the National Park Service account was used to retweet negative information about the incoming Trump administration.
Former president Barack Obama referred to himself 75 times during his farewell speech, compared to just 3 self-references by President Donald Trump in his inaugural address. 
Melania Trump's biography on the White House web site promotes her jewelry line.
 Photographs show two cute owlets sitting in a tree.
A video shows two hikers walking on a lake of crystal clear ice. 
A “Welcome to Idaho” sign warns potential criminals about gun-owning citizens. 
 A student was forced to remove his “Help 4 Heroes” wristband because it might offend Muslims.
 Chicago Public Schools planned to teach “safe anal sex” and other sexually explicit topics to fourth or fifth graders.
 Photograph shows the only known golden zebra in existence, living at an animal sanctuary in Hawaii.
 Commercial produced by Volkswagen employs suicide bomber imagery.
 Photographs shows a 430-pound buck shot in Hartford, Michigan in November 2014.
 Video shows a Syrian “hero boy” walking into sniper fire and playing dead to save a young girl.
 Democrats and the Clinton administration received more campaign contributions from Enron and were more accommodating of Enron's lobbying efforts than Republicans and the Bush administration.
 CNN and Facebook are donating $1 per like to fund surgery for a boy with a massive tumor.
 A Maryland school district removed Christmas and Easter vacations from school calendars due to pressure from Muslim groups.
 Eau Claire schools canceled a planned Veterans Day ceremony over concerns about a 21-gun salute.
 A fanged deer was spotted in Afghanistan.
 An aerial photograph shows a giant 50-foot crab off the coast of Whitstable, UK.
 Photographs of Renee Zellweger taken in October 2014 are real and undoctored.
 A puppy-sized spider was spotted in the South American rainforest.
 Photograph shows the arrest of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Photograph shows the Buckley family, whose children beheaded their mother on Halloween. 
The Clinton Foundation is shutting down due to lack of donations.
Donald Trump requested tanks and missile launchers at his inaugural parade. 
Canadian officials planted a “privacy hedge” along that country's border with the U.S.
President Donald Trump's proposed 2020 re-election campaign slogan (“Keep America Great”) was used in a 'Purge' film. 
A pilot refused to let President Obama onboard a helicopter after he failed to salute a Marine. 
Donald Trump removed the terms “LGBT” and “climate change” from the White House web site.
A photograph shows President Obama taking the oath of office with his hand on a Quran.
Congressman John Lewis didn't pay property taxes on his townhouse in Washington, D.C.
Russia minted “In Trump We Trust” coins ahead of the 45th U.S. president's inauguration.
 Photographs show a bull being transported in an automobile.
Photograph captures wildlife fleeing a fire in Bitterroot Forest, Montana. 
 Video shows a truck destroying the canopy over a bank's drive-through lane.
 Image shows a McDonald's sign announcing a $1.50 surcharge on African-American customers.
 A Rite Aid store posted a sign prohibiting “same-sex activity.”
 Video captures a DEA agent who accidentally shot himself while conducting a presentation on gun safety.
 Photograph shows a U.S. airman comforting an injured Iraqi child.
 Photographs show an SUV impaled by a guardrail.
 Video clip shows a wind turbine exploding during high winds.
 Photograph shows a white supremacist activist surrounded by smiling blacks.
 Photographs show a moose who had just given birth in the front yard of a house in Michigan.
 Photograph shows a giraffe climbing a tall tree.
 Photographs show an airliner that was struck by lightning.
 Photograph shows a half-black, half-tabby “chimera cat.”
 Photograph shows a formerly ensnared whale thanking one of her rescuers.
 Image shows a racially contradictory sign imploring that everyone be treated equally.
A “quick-thinking mom” distracted a robber by performing a sex act on him in order to allow her family to safely escape.
President Obama was captured on a “hot mic” making offensive comments to Al Sharpton at a Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event.
Donald Trump's official inauguration poem describes Barack Obama as a tyrant.
Speaker Paul Ryan is blocking all incoming calls and faxes to his various offices. 
The American Civil Liberties Union has demanded police in Washington, D.C. disable their body cameras for the duration of inaugural protests in 2017. 
The group Demand Protest LLC is paying $2500 for people to protest Donald Trump's inauguration. 
A Russian sex worker said Donald Trump was one of her clients and that he has a small penis.
President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration will be the first presidential inauguration that Rep. John Lewis has skipped. 
 Photographs show unusual animal carcasses found in Montauk (New York) and Panama.
 Photograph shows Mohammed Fazl, a Taliban prisoner exchanged for U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl, posing with severed heads.
Photograph shows a man named Brian Peppers, who was a registered sex offender in Ohio.
 Photograph shows a 740′ x 390′ floral flag made of larkspur.
 Image shows a fourth-grade science quiz about 'Dinosaurs: Genesis and the Gospel' from a South Carolina school.
An Animal Planet documentary revealed the existence of mermaids. 
 Humble Oil ran an advertisement back in 1962 boasting how they could melt 7 million tons of glacier every day.
 Photograph shows horses beneath giant furniture constructed to skirt a prohibition against building a shelter.
 Photograph shows a tornado that killed four Boy Scouts in Iowa in June 2008.
 Photograph shows roses bred to grow multi-colored petals.
 Video shows a ball girl making an amazing catch at a minor league baseball game.
 Account describes a visit by former president George W. Bush and Laura Bush with survivors of the Fort Hood shootings.
 Photographs show a public toilet made with one-way glass walls.
 Photograph shows a Bigfoot shot and killed by a hunter in San Antonio.
 Photographs show 3D-like sidewalk paintings done in chalk.
 Photographs show Japanese women wearing imitation see-through skirts.
 Photograph shows a newly-discovered snake species known as the Texas Bonnet Rattlesnake.
Rep. Chris Collins, a member of President-elect Donald Trump's transition team, compared civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis to “a spoiled chimp who got too many bananas and rights.” 
A video shows bystanders at Walmart doing nothing to intervene when a man experiencing a seizure is robbed of his wallet.
The U.S. government was sued and found culpable for the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., but the news media refused to report it. 
Harrison Ford compared Donald Trump to “patriots” such as Indiana Jones, Han Solo, and Jack Ryan.
President Obama trademarked the name 'Obamacare' and receives royalties every time the term is used.
Rapper Snoop Dogg threatened any black artist who performs at Donald Trump's inauguration. 
Donald Trump revoked the press credentials of six major news outlets.
Michelle Obama's Secret Service detail abruptly quit during her Hawaii vacation and left her on the street.
Cone-shaped skulls found in Latin America are of alien, not human, origin.
Mexican drug kingpin Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán donated millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign.
 Video shows Jeff Gordon pranking a car salesman with a wild test drive.
 Photographs show a fawn that entered a home through a doggie door and made itself at home on the couch.
 Video shows a suspect in a police shooting committing suicide in an interview room.
 Video shows an eagle attempting to snatch a child from a park.
 Photographs show children sent through the mail.
Image shows radioactive seepage spreading across the Pacific Ocean from the Fukushima nuclear plant. 
 Photographs show vehicles in Chicago encrusted with ice from severe cold weather.
Adam Sandler was found dead of an apparent suicide in January 2017. 
Sting video maker James O'Keefe plans to “infiltrate” the Women's March on Washington.
Sarah Palin blamed the Fort Lauderdale shooting on “Mexican Muslim” immigrants.
Musician Kodak Black was shot outside of a nightclub in Florida in December 2016.
Stacks of file folders presented as evidence that President-elect Donald Trump was turning his business holdings over to his children were empty and/or contained blank sheets of paper. 
Hackers can extract fingerprints from peace sign selfies and steal people's identities. 
A former Army sniper shot three violent home intruders in the course of their victimizing a neighbor's household.
Hillary Clinton has been rated “most admired woman” by Gallup polls 21 times.
Southern Illinois University is closing down its Carbondale campus thanks to “social justice warrior” activity.
A law firm working with Donald Trump was named “Russia Law Firm of the Year.”
Denzel Washington criticized Meryl Streep for making a political speech during the 2017 Golden Globes award ceremony.
 Photograph shows a pair of 12-year-old surfers photobombed by a shark.
 Photograph shows a tree that grew around a bicycle left behind by a boy who went off to war.
 Photographs show Dobri Dobrev, a 98-year-old man in Sofia who collects money for the restoration of monasteries and churches.
 Photograph shows a library facade lined with giant-sized representations of books.
 Photographs show a bridge that collapsed when movers tried to pull a house across it.
 A wealthy Toronto lawyer bequeathed his estate to whichever woman gave birth to the most babies in the ten-year period following his death.
 Images show advertisements intended to encourage young people to sign up for health insurance coverage.
 Photograph shows a tearful World War II veteran embracing a wounded Marine.
 Photographs show an NFL pre-game Veterans Day tribute not aired by ESPN.
 Photographs show a series of cranes falling into the water while attempting to retrieve a submerged automobile.
 Video clip shows a music-playing “farm machine” built at the University of Iowa.
 Photographs show an unusually colored buck taken by a hunter.
 Video clip shows a wrench being duplicated by a 3D printer.
 Photograph shows a wooden box covering a statue of George Washington at an NAACP event.
CNN reported that Twitter is deleting Donald Trump's account over its use of 'racist rhetoric.'
American intelligence has confirmed that President-elect Donald Trump was blackmailed by Russian operatives.
Sentries guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns remained at their posts through Hurricane Isabel. 
Hollywood is going on strike until Donald Trump resigns from the presidency.
Meryl Streep was fired by director Ron Howard from a from a “Happy Days” reboot project for lying about Donald Trump mocking a disabled reporter. 
Meryl Streep applauded for Roman Polanski at the Academy Awards in 2003.
Actress and comedian Sherri Shepherd has died of a heart attack. 
Donald Trump gave an unprecedented order for all politically appointed ambassadors to resign immediately.
“Harry Potter” creator J.K. Rowling revealed that lead film actor Daniel Radcliffe is Chinese.
 Photograph shows a 1956 computer disk memory storage unit.
 Photograph shows Detroit slums with downtown skyscrapers in the background.
 U.S. postage stamps may not be resold for a price greater than their face value.
 Photograph shows a Jewish baby stoned by Arabs.
 Photograph shows the wedding of a disfigured Marine.
 Letter from high school offers to allow students to make monetary donations to offset inatttendance and poor grades.
 Photograph shows a newly discovered species of “Venezuelan poodle moth.”
Individuals are legitimately identifying as and calling for acceptance of a new identity known as “clovergender.” 
A man locked his daughter in a cage because she used Snapchat's “dog filter” too frequently. 
CNN altered a photograph of Esteban Santiago to make his skin appear lighter.
A “YXX” notation on Donald Trump's Selective Service record indicates he suffers from the genetic condition Klinefelter syndrome. 
Canadian immigrants with “two wives” receive a host of government benefits upon their their arrival. 
Bob Denver died in January 2017.
Donald Trump said that America's economy crashing would lead to riots demanding we make the country great again. 
A newspaper photograph shows a pregnant, cigarette-smoking woman worrying about the effect of construction noise on her unborn child. 
 Photograph shows the remains of an 8-inch, mummified fairy found in Derbyshire.
 Image shows “smart dust” miniaturized RFID technology developed by Hitachi.
 Photograph shows a 28-foot alligator captured in Florida.
 Old photographs show John Travolta and Nicolas Cage look-alikes.
 Photograph shows a famine stricken child crawling on the ground while a vulture waits in the background.
 Photographs show a dwelling made from an airplane.
 Photograph shows a large mountain lion killed by a deer hunter in Kansas, Iowa, or Wisconsin.
 Photograph shows a DeWalt-manufactured “rapid fire nail gun.”
 Photographs show an Airbus 340 that crashed into a wall during engine testing after technicians overrode a safety feature.
 Photograph shows playground warning sign with more restrictive wording in Spanish than in English.
 Photograph shows U.S. soldiers forming a giant Statue of Liberty figure.
 A woman experiencing difficulty conceiving misunderstands what her gynecologist is proposing to do to rectify the situation.
 An autistic artist drew a rendering of the New York skyline from memory after a 20-minute helicopter ride.
 Photographs show the passenger cabin of an airliner as it broke up in mid-air.
 Photograph shows fireman receiving kiss of gratitude from a Doberman he had just rescued from a house fire.
 Photographs show a mass migration of rays in the Gulf of Mexico.
Six anti-Trump protesters were killed by a truck in the course of demonstrating on a freeway.
A 12-year-old girl livestreamed her suicide by hanging.
Typing “Facebook Security” into the “block search” field reveals the users Facebook is paying to secretly spy on you. 
Australian authorities saved 20 koalas from what is believed to be one of several underground animal brothels in the area.
President Obama awarded himself the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service.
 Photographs show a “Thank you for freedom” message plowed into a field near Offutt AFB.
 Photograph shows members of Seal Team Six.
 Photograph shows Christmas wreaths laid at headstones in Arlington National Cemetery.
 Image shows an advertisement for Oreo cookies featuring a breast-feeding baby.
 Austria is home to a town called 'Fucking.'
 Photograph shows a U.S. Marine wounded in Afghanistan.
 Images show the USS New York, a ship built using steel from the World Trade Center.
 Image shows a poster for an upcoming film biography of Walt Disney.
 Photograph shows a new Boeing 797 blended-wing airliner.
Presidential daughter Malia Obama was named the highest-paid heir in 2017.
A computer infected by malware proved a Vermont power company has been targeted for disruption by Russian hackers.
Former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman has gone “missing.”
MMA fighter Ronda Rousey has been found dead in her bathtub. 
President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Sarah Palin Science and Technology Advisor.
President Obama issued a full pardon for rapper C-Murder.
Bristol Palin said performers were afraid performing a his inauguration would cause them to “fall in love” with Donald Trump. 
An experimental Nazi missile launched in 1944 is expected to enter orbit, and threatens the midwestern United States. 
 Video clip shows a man flying with human bird wings.
 Photograph shows a tornado that hit Kentucky in March 2012.
 Photograph shows hunters posing with a large cache of killed wolves.
 Photograph shows a tornado that hit Rome, Georgia, in March 2012.
 Photograph shows a rare breed of Newfoundland dog bred to hunt bears.
 Photograph shows Alexandra Svoboda, a protester hurt during a confrontation with police in Rhode Island.
 Photographs show politically themed floats from a German parade.
 Photograph shows a cancerous deer killed near a fracking area in Pennsylvania.
 Photographs show Katie Kirkpatrick, a 21-year-old cancer victim who passed away five days after her wedding.
 Photograph shows a 9-month-old baby tattooed by its mother's boyfriend.
 Photograph shows God's hands in a cloud formation.
 Photographs show wolves killed in Idaho.
 Photographs show an albino ruby-throated hummingbird.
 Billboard sponsored by the Funeral Directors Association urges viewers to commit suicide.
 Photograph shows a dog injured by fireworks placed in its mouth.
 Video captures a magician performing the “greatest card trick ever.”
 Photographs show Yomi Kim Hunter, a Korean-American voted the “prettiest man in Asia.”
 Photographs show the aftermath of a campsite attack by a polar bear.
A woman became pregnant from viewing a 3D porn film. 
 Photographs show a one-eyed shark fetus.
 Photographs show examples of a body modification practice known as corset piercing.
 Photographs show poachers collecting sea turtle eggs in Costa Rica.
 Photographs show a tree in India with a trunk that naturally grows animal-shaped figures.
Musician Stevie Wonder was killed in a car crash in December 2016
A member of the Electoral College committed suicide to avoid casting a vote for Donald Trump.
A Navy officer was arrested for “abuse of public animal” and “drunken or reckless driving” after he used a raccoon to bypass an ignition interlock system.
A new Social Security Administration rule would bar Social Security recipients from owning guns.
Mark Twain said that Its easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.
A Chinese restaurant in Coral Springs, Florida was busted serving dog meat. 
The bottom drawer on an oven can be used to keep food warm. 
Congress has approved the creation of a taxpayer-funded network called “Trump TV.”
The government of Thailand issued a warning about canned food contaminated with HIV. 
Burglars returned stolen computers to a group helping rape survivors after realizing whom they'd robbed. 
Black police officers are more likely to kill black people.
Actor John Amos died from a heart attack on 28 December 2016.
 Photographs show murals created in planted rice fields.
 Photographs show a rock painted with patriotic scenes alongside an Iowa highway.
 Photograph shows the gravestone of actor Leslie Nielsen.
 Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.
 “Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.
 Photograph shows a 17-lb., 3-foot German Giant rabbit.
 Photograph shows a storm surge created by Hurricane Katrina.
 Video clip shows 92-year-old Ginger Rogers dancing the salsa with her great-grandson.
 Photograph shows a Japanese panda hugging a policeman's leg after an earthquake.
 Video shows dolphins creating and playing with bubble rings.
 Photographs show a “fire waterfall” at Yosemite National Park.
 Photograph shows representatives playing solitaire on their laptop computers during a legislative session.
 Photographs show an 1890 gravestone with an anti-Democratic epitaph.
 Slideshow presents photorealistic paintings by an artist named Anna Kostenko.
Walmart has recalled holiday rawhide bones for dogs because they are laced with formaldehyde and have already killed at least one dog. 
A woman named Catherine Elizabeth Clennan is genuinely seeking several million dollars via GoFundMe to live her dream life. 
The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources' webpage regarding climate change's potential effects on the Great Lakes was scrubbed of references to the word 'climate'.
In December 2016, President Obama signed a bill criminalizing alternative media. 
Thieves select homes to break into after Christmas by taking note of boxes curbed as trash or recycling. 
Donald Trump threatened military action against Mexico in a tweet sent on Christmas Eve.
All living former presidents have refused to attend Donald Trump's inauguration. 
Multiple precincts in Detroit reported more votes than voters in the 2016 general election, suggesting voter or electoral fraud. 
Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell blocked a bipartisan committee from investigating purported Russian hacks.
Convicted Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was raped in prison.
 Photographs show a Mazda automobile that was attacked by a mountain lion.
 Photographs show bald eagles being fed on a spit in winter.
 Photograph shows a 12-foot-long, 1000-lb. hog dubbed 'Hogzilla.'
 Photographs show prototype of a new F/A-37 “Talon” military plane.
Photos show an alligator swimming across a lake with a deer clutched in its jaws. 
 Photographs show backpacks and clothing discarded at an Arizona rest area used by illegal immigrants.
 Photograph shows Arizona billboard poking fun at Los Angeles' decision to boycott that state over illegal immigrant legislation.
A photograph shows a kayaker paddling across a humpback whale's huge open mouth. 
 Photograph shows a Mexican national flag flown above an upside-down U.S. flag during a high school student protest over immigration reform.
 Photographs show an airplane engine damaged by volcanic ash.
 Photographs show four black bears cavorting on a backyard playset in Alaska.
 Video clip shows an elementary school stage production of Scarface.
 Photographs show wild bears posing with humans on the grounds around an Alaska cottage.
 Photograph shows the “strongest dog in the world,” who works “in the Russian army special forces.”
 Photograph shows a 9-foot rattlesnake caught in Texas.
 Images show a distinctive 150-ft x 124-ft yacht known as a WHY.
 Photographs show a mansion belonging to Filipino senator Manny Villar.
 Photographs show a mansion belonging to Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe.
 Photographs show a train that set a wooden bridge on fire.
 Photograph shows a Minnesota billboard bearing a picture of smiling President George W. Bush and the legend “Miss Me Yet?”
A headstone marking the burial site of a 4-year-old boy was removed because its shape violated cemetery rules.
 Photographs show a live deer pulled out of the water by fisherman.
CIA Director John Brennan is a Muslim who converted to Islam while stationed in Saudi Arabia. 
The Obama administration issued a ban on sending Christmas cards to U.S. military members serving overseas. 
Former Trump campaign official Carl Paladino said he hopes President Obama dies of mad cow disease and First Lady Michelle Obama goes to live in a cave in Africa with a gorilla. 
Fox News is well above both CNN and MSNBC in television viewership and has increased their lead since the 2016 election.
A “child-like” painting by Joan Miro sold for $37 million.
An image shows a real flyer for a “Freedom Concert” scheduled for Inauguration Day.
The flight crew of Air Force One refused to fly President Obama 6,000 miles to play a round of golf.
The city of Las Vegas is now powered completely by renewable energy.
 Photographs show an undersea restaurant.
 Photographs show a high-rise construction site flooded by waters from a nearby marina.
 Photograph shows a man gored in the leg by a bull.
 Photograph shows a snake pulling a cow out of the water.
 Photographs show an enormous bear killed by an Alaskan hunter.
 Image shows an advertisement from the Virginia Beach SPCA thanking quarterback Michael Vick for his assistance in rescuing pit bulls.
 Image shows a recalled advertisement for Intel processors.
 A man who has had an embryo implanted in his abdomen is engaged in the world's first human male pregnancy.
 A woman sued a pharmacy from which she bought contraceptive jelly because she became pregnant even after eating the jelly (with toast).
 Photograph shows an ATM sign which warns users that making faces into a security camera is a federal crime.
A video shows 'jihadi' parents bidding farewell to their two children before one of them blew herself up in a suicide bomb attack.
An habitual alcohol abuser lost his penis to frostbite after a drunken sexual encounter with a snowman. 
Led by President Obama, the United Nations ordered the U.S. to pay reparations to African Americans for slavery.
Officials from Kuwait canceled a event planned for the Four Seasons in order to book it at a Trump property due to “political pressure.” 
Actor Tom Arnold has unused footage from “The Apprentice” that captures racist utterances from Donald Trump.
Donald Jr. and Eric Trump sold access to their father via an expensive hunting fundraiser. 
 Photograph shows a statue of a U.S. soldier crafted by an Iraqi sculptor out of gratitude to America.
 Photographs show the beachfront home of golfer Tiger Woods.
 Honda commercial advises customers to switch to hybrid cars because it will mean “less money for terror.”
 Photographs show utility workers discovering a large alligator and a nest of snakes.
 Series of photographs shows a towboat rolling under a bridge and emerging from the other side.
 Photographs show a pair of albino moose alongside a highway.
 Photograph shows man falling from a skyscraper while occupants grasp at him through a window.
 Homeowners discover a furtively flushing feline is the source of their huge water bills.
 Photograph shows artwork around the urinals of a men's restroom at a hotel in Queenstown, New Zealand.
 The Sears web site briefly offered a “body part roaster” grill for cooking babies.
 Photograph of Michael Jackson's face taken during a court trial is real and undoctored.
 Photographs show ducklings that survived a 10-foot jump from an office building in downtown Spokane.
 Photographs show coconut crabs.
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was suspended from Twitter after sending messages about Pizzagate.
Leaks of DNC e-mails were stemmed from the efforts of a disgruntled insider, not Russian hackers.
'The Daily Stormer' called for a retaliatory 'troll storm' against Jews in Whitefish, Montana, whom they accused of causing economic hardship to the parents of white supremacist Richard Spencer. 
A Russian flag was flown at the Texas State Capitol in celebration of Donald Trump's election.
Donald Trump will include Moscow's Red Square in the stops along his “victory tour.”
Hillary Clinton's popular vote win in the presidential election came entirely from the state of California.
The staff at a restaurant in Hawaii walked out in protest over President Obama's visit.
An e-mail published by WikiLeaks revealed that three prominent Republicans were on Hillary Clinton's payroll.
 Video clip shows the reunion of two men with Christian, a lion they had raised as a cub.
 Photographs show a “hotelicopter,” a helicopter which houses a flying 18-cabin hotel.
 Photographs show a pink albino bottlenose dolphin.
 Video captures a 'creepy gnome' that has frightened residents of an Argentine town.
 Photograph shows a flower-splashed hillside in California.
 Video clip reveals that a digital TV converter harbors a hidden camera and microphone.
 Photographs show a gravesite adorned with a parking meter reading “TIME EXPIRED.”
 Photographs show a conceptual pen-sized personal computer system.
 Photographs show the results of an automobile accident caused by an 'intexticated' driver.
 Photographs show a 30-point buck shot in Wisconsin by a 14-year-old Amish boy using a hand-made longbow.
 Photograph shows police cruiser crushed between two trucks.
 Photographs show Rupert, a deer delivered by Caesarean section.
 Photographs show a woman who had ribs removed to achieve a slender waistline.
 Rock formation reveals praying figures of a mother and child when viewed sideways.
 Photographs show amenities provided to employees at the offices of Google.
 Video shows U.S. Marines in Iraq throwing a puppy off a hillside.
 The Ruby Tuesday restaurant chain accidentally demolished a competitor's restaurant.
 Photograph shows a motorcycle accident victim impaled by a wooden post.
 Photographs show the victim of a shark attack.
 Night-vision video documents the bizarre existence of a teenage mutant known as “Rubber Johnny.”
 Photograph shows a chupacabra's head on a fence.
 Photograph shows Brutus, a canine Medal of Honor recipient.
The Minnesota Vikings opened Bank Stadium to shelter the homeless on a frigid night in December 2016.
U.S. national security agencies went on “high alert” after President-Elect Donald Trump was caught telling “a dangerous lie.”
H.R. 4919, passed on 8 December 2016, allows the microchipping of “mentally disabled” citizens such as patients with autism and Alzheimer's disease. 
Transcript reproduces Ben Stein's television commentary about the observance of Christmas. 
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof is actually a former child star and crisis actor named John Christian Graas. 
Donald Trump sent a tweet with the word “unprecedented” incorrectly spelled “unpresidented.”
Every high school marching band in Washington D.C. is boycotting Donald Trump's inauguration.
John Kasich said if women can't be trusted to “keep their legs closed,” then they are unfit to choose abortion. 
 Photograph shows a tourist who died of fright after being photographed in the Sundarbans.
 Photograph shows sailors spelling out the words 'FUCK IRAQ' on the deck of a U.S. aircraft carrier.
 Security camera footage captures a ghost in a Singapore office building's elevator.
 Photographs show an F-15 fighter jet breaking up in mid-air.
 Ronald Reagan once said (in reference to forest conservation efforts), “If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all.”
 Photographs show a mountain lion on the patio deck of a home.
 Video clip shows Marc Ecko tagging Air Force One.
 Photographs show an 8'10“, 327-lb. alligator gar caught at Broken Bow Lake in Oklahoma.
 Photographs show foam that blanketed an Australian shoreline.
 Photographs show actresses Jennifer Aniston and Courteney Cox Arquette at a christening.
 Photograph shows a rattlesnake killed in Georgia.
 Photograph shows a moose mounting a statue of a bison.
 Photographs show square watermelons.
 Video clip shows UFOs over Haiti.
 Photographs show an expensive yacht capsizing during transport.
A law professor is working to take Donald Trump's election win away by appealing to electoral college voters. 
Victims of atrocities in Syria are being “recycled” by anti-government activists.
President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Kanye West to a cabinet position. 
A video showing an airplane losing altitude and then crashing in Pakistan is “disappearing from the Internet.”
Hours after Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana, the state had its first cannabis overdose. 
The state of Florida is “moving” to undertake a “full recount” of all 2016 general election votes after “massive voter fraud” was uncovered. 
A man working as Santa Claus in a Wisconsin mall beat up a child molester after a child confided that her stepfather had been “touching” her.
A video shows a “Pizzagate” survivor recounting her story of sexual abuse.
Three brothers in Limpopo, South Africa were arrested for raping a crocodile.
A number advertised on a Facebook page lets callers “leave messages” for Santa Claus. 
 Woman gives birth to octopus (or lizard, frog, fish, or snake).
 Photographs show the aftermath of a dog vs. porcupine encounter.
 Photograph shows a tornado striking the coastal city of New Plymouth in New Zealand.
 Video clip shows a woman being pulled apart at the waist.
 Video clip shows a toddler playing with a cobra.
 Photograph shows an enormous 89 lb., 69-inch mutant cat raised by a Canadian man.
 Photographs show a Florida man with an 1100-lb. hog he shot.
 Photographs show a black bear with a white cub.
 Photographs show palatial home of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 Illustrations show a proposed Grand Canyon skywalk.
 Photograph shows small plane crashed into a tree next to a sign advertising flight lessons.
 Photographs show a deer atop a communications pole.
 Photographs show a bear trapped beneath a combine.
 Photographs show a woman hand-feeding hummingbirds.
Donald Trump said that he believes that the Earth is flat.
A hot microphone picked up President Obama telling Russian President Dmitri Medvedev he would have more flexibility to negotiate on issues like missile defense after the 2012 election.
Congressional Democrats attempted to implement Sharia law by enacting House Resolution 569, a condemnation of violence and bigotry against Muslims. 
Astronaut Buzz Aldrin sent a tweet claiming that humanity was in danger, and that a mysterious “it” was “evil itself.” 
A video shows a Muslim man kicking a woman down a set of stairs.
Citizens can prompt an investigation into Donald Trump's leasing of Washington, D.C. structure used as a hotel by e-mailing the General Services Administration (GSA), which is tallying messages. 
 Photograph shows airline hangar flooded with soap suds.
 Photograph shows a live frog found in a packaged salad product.
 The University of Toronto is conducting a study regarding the effects of semen on human speech and is paying male volunteers $145 each to receive fellatio.
 Photograph shows overhead view of shadows cast by camels in the desert.
 Photograph shows clouds forming a strikingly realistic image of a teddy bear.
 Photographs show an indoor skiing facility in the desert city of Dubai.
 Photographs show a U.S. soldier who was shot in the face in Iraq.
 Photograph shows a defiantly-posed U.S. Marine injured in a bomb blast in Iraq.
 Photograph shows Cyclopes, a kitten born with a single cyclopic eye.
 Photograph shows a mud puddle in the shape of Australia.
 Photograph shows two airliners in dangerously close proximity.
 Video clip shows fish jumping into a boat.
