I feel like I've no personality
Graduate Assistant wanting to get into some writing
How do I stop caring about my virginity?
I'm 17 soon to turn 18 but I don't have my permit
Should I be getting worried about my dad because of his political beliefs?
I literally cant stop hanging out with a bad friend.
Here are the clues, does she like me?
I apparently have an aggressive tone and manner of speech, is there a way for me to fix this?
Feeling Incompetent at work, anybody have advice?
Crashed my dad's car, how should I ask for forgiveness?
Hey reddit. Where can I find a box for a 50" TV? (in UK)
I need advice on how to get over drug dependency
20 years old, studying law, caring for my mum and live in the middle of no where, how do i get into the real world.
Could this stranger have been my soulmate?
In an Education rut!
Quitting in the middle of a big project.
Thinking about quiting
Need some real life advice
Should I pay $50 because my mistake cost him a part of his bonus?
Contacting a guy without being awkward?
How to ask out a girl you don't wanna date for a while?
What should I do as a college junior to begin applying to grad school?
Need advice for separation agency
How am I supposed to handle this roommate situation?
Have a Crush, Should I Tell Her How I Feel?
I need a laptop for schoolwork &amp; games
Friends only talk to me when they need something.
17, homeless and completely lost
I need some people's opinions
What should I read?
Dating advice?
I hate my roommate's girlfriend and she's over at my house every day. How should I proceed?
Tips for paying attention in lectures?
Car Insurance is too expensive
How do I get over my fear of using the phone and get my bf to understand my fear?
In 6 month I graduate college and move to a new state with no connections. What should I be doing now so I can get a job nearly on arrival?
I have a problem with holding grudges against people. What do you do that makes it easier to forgive people?
My boyfriend doesn't like me wearing certain clothes or being friendly with other guys.
What to say to a friend who says he is lonely?
I am in love with my best friend.
I am too attached to a job that is toxic in my life. Can you help me finally 'Let Go' and put in my two weeks notice?
How do i get more talkative?
Need help asking someone out on a date
I quit my first job after a month and I'm lying to my parents about it.
[Serious]How do I tell my family I can't afford the trip to their wedding?
Advice needed for rekindling an old relationship.
Considering Changing my Major, any advice?
Recently won lottery, how do I give some to my anti-lottery family without them finding out where its from?
Can you make it in life without a university degree?
Question on anxiety medication (Paroxetine) and potential affects on relationship?
I (m22) made out with my younger cousin (f18)
Housesitting blues.
How to turn my life around
My parents said I can move back in with them to help save money, but I can't bring my cat which I've adopted.
A D in an AP Class
Sell the car, or "return the favor"?
(uk) what are the best options for living somewhere short term? (approx a month)
Degree in Agricultural Economics: Specialization in Ag Finance or Price and Market Analysis?
Isolated, ill, and can't speak. Not sure how to get help.
Parents don't support Raspberry Pi use... Please Advise!
Manager has a habit of scheduling me for days I can't work
Coworker &amp; Her Creepy Relationship with Boss Is Affecting the Workplace
22 Year old need career advice or just life advice.
How to keep a woman when you have social anxiety?
My cousin claims his mom does not trust him at home alone so he comes here for hours... My family and I hate this, any advice on what to do?
How can I drink and take cannabis responsibly and safely without my parents finding out?
Downloaded porn, cable company shut me down!
Co-worker advice needed
Try to reconnect or to forget
Lost interest in currenht courses- worried about the future
I'm trapped at my job, and I'm not sure what to do.
I don't know where I stand with my FWB. What should I do about this?
How to test my alcohol tolerance?
Redditors who have taken the TestDAF and/or DSH,which do yo prefer ?
I want to purchase a stock, what site should I use?
Can I replace the locking mechanism from one door knob with another different one?
Meet an amazing woman Saturday but it comes with some complications
Roommate is threatening eviction.
How would you react if your girlfriend told you...
Illegitimate Nephew
Do I look Worse than a few years ago?
Former Best Man
can paypal ban me for this?
Need help dealing with death
My previous employer owes me $13,600.
My SnowJoe broke in a 20-inch snowstorm, how do I fix this?
I've been isolated for an extended period of time, and i've forgotten how to function properly. Can someone give me some advice please?
Best way to remove cockroaches off of cabinets and walls?
I hate school, and now I just hate life in general and idk why?
I'm leaving everything behind for a bit
I placed macbook air onto puddle of water
Export tweets from Twitter - is this possible?
Should I drop out of grad school?
Mom is in hospital. Might need appendix removal. What should I do?
What is my problem?
No job, no money, on-and-off of disability, need to move. ADVICE PLEASE!
Good idea to breakup with boyfriend?
21 and I haven't found what I want to do in life?
I cannot get drunk with my friends because zi absolutely hate the taste of alcohol. Help please.
I don't understand what or why this is happening? .-.
f23 MA grad &amp; I can't find ANY work. Very disheartened.
[Serious] My Mom's Cat
Palate expander issue
I put a wall up and stop talking to people when I get upset. How can I change my habits?
I lie about my age,anyone in my situation?
What're the best social events websites (like meetup.com)?
My [22f] LDR (23m) has no time for me anymore.
Help! Constantly changing phone number harassing me daily, nobody on the other end of the line!
Need to pick a "hobby" I'm passionate about
Next door neighbor kicking my door and cussing me out. Need advice..
College Student with parents that check in too many times
I have a new supervisor who is controlling and very dismissive of me and my work
How to make a move from DC to Buffalo as cheap as possible, without ripping anyone off....
Roommates not paying their portion of electric bill.
Guilty over not holding my dog after she passed
How can I calm down?
PLEASE HELP, is it worth delaying graduation?
Ex-boyfriend and current friend keeps attempting suicide, and I don't know what to do.
Returning to School to pick up a minor in Public Policy
How do I enjoy life?
Tips on blocking out noisy landlords in a basement apartment?
allergies every year this time, help!
Finding daily motivation
How do I forgive someone?
Should I move out of my parents home?
I might have a shitty friend?
Girlfriend flirting with guys online
I need a way to get my driver's license and/or escape the town I'm living in
Advice on my English voice
Deleted post to see what it did...how to undelete?
Too injured to work at this point, hit by car...
Should I continue grad school?
Annoying work colleagues
Weird bobble in my arm pit?!
Advice on a daunting and scary adventure for me!
Falling out of love?
Worried about things in my past - How do I move on?
Should I watch the 'Cowboy Bebop' movie or show first?
What are some tips to be a more healthy person in college?
I'm thinking of getting a hair transplant- hairs from the back of my head moved to on top. Realistically I have 70% of my hair on top but I figure I might as well as the quotation is very good . People who have had it done is it worth it?
Need help kicking a drug-addict out of my house.
Thinking about changing my appearence to boost my confidence but unsure about the change.
I get emotionally put down at times when I see people with an opposing opinion from mine. How do I deal with this?
Help I blacked out woke up naked
Partially blind artist in love with someone who wants different things in life. What do I do?
Career Advice for a Junior in College with Uncertainty
I misbehaved around a decent girl while drunk, what should I do?
Relationship advice
Boyfriend keeps getting mad at me for my past, what can I do?
Crazy Redditor is threatening to kill me
16 male. I have a crush on a girl who has a crush on my best friend
Do you think I have a right to be really fcking T.O'ed right now? Can anyone help me get mentally on track so I can heal myself physically?
4th semester in college, having doubts about my major
Advice You Would Give a 19 y/o
I need help deciding between jobs.
18 and i have no clue what i want to do with my lifw
Suddenly feeling jealous? Not sure
Big Island Farms Internship: Is It a Scam?
Need help communicating previous violent trauma to my husband. NSFL/Trigger Warning
Do I look worse than a few years ago?
I haven't been able to genuinely laugh in a couple of years.
Tell me everything you know on marrying an immigrant.
I really need to get this off my chest.
Help for my friend
Should I respond to this extremely rude email from a potential employer?
My mom's tenant won't move out, and refuses to pay rent.
Should I sell my vehicle?
[Personal] Dealing with family problems...?
I need to earn some extra cash. Any ideas?
Just moved, need friends.
How to reply after a female friend told you they broke up with their boyfriend?
How to help my brother seek medical attention for extreme paranoia, schizophrenia, and aggression
What can you to prevent someone from avoiding you because you're a "trigger" to their bad habits?
Asking out a girl I like
Functioning Alcoholic. Why would I stop?
I'm too sensitive to work in retail. What should I do?
I keep getting unknown calls and it's freaking me out
Why does my life feel like it is going no where? Can someone please just listen to me and tell me what to do?
I have no idea what I'm doing, or going to do, with my life
Is it too you to propose? (18m)
I was the little kid who killed anything I can find
Trying to teach myself how to code. But starting to feel heavily unmotivated and depressed
Confined to my house for the next three weeks... What should I do?
Working with anxiety?
Is this normal?
[Need Advice] Doing bad in Pre-Cal
Should I join the US Military?
Brainshutdown for 1 sec
Life help, lost [need advice]
Got rejected two months ago, and it still hurts.
I need some advice on how to make a friend happy, and be friends like we used to be?
I'm embarrassed to get this ritual done. What should i do?
Re-apply for a job I didn't take last year
I'm being scammed $5,000 on a car I bought 2 days ago. Please help.
Move back in with parents temporarily to pay off debt or no ?
What are my dreams telling me?
Need to get my birth certificate
I don't know what to write to my Grandma. I'm a complete failgrandson.
Midterms are coming, how do you study?
Kicked out of the house while my mother still has custody.
What's the best way to go about getting out of chex system.
I think my upstairs neighbors are abusing their pet and I don't know what to do.
Would it be wrong to ask my parents to pay me for helping with their small business?
need help with where to live
I severely need some moving advice.
I think i am having issues with my memory, should I be worried?
Socially awkward
Learning about reddit. I need advice on a few things.
I want to know if my girlfriend is a virgin, but not if she's not.
i had sex with my gf she is not on the pill, i didnt use a condom and i used the pullout method. how worried should i be?
Offered new, ideal, job on very short contract. Not sure whether to accept or stay where I am?
Depression or sleep deprivation?
I need a fresh set of eyes. Emotional abusive and manipulative stepfather.
Met a girl at a party - don't know what to do.
My not very trustworthy roommate gave me a box of chocolates. Should I eat them?
My friend was found dead in a river yesterday and my boss refuses to let me take the day off.
Should I go to University?
What to do with my life?
How do I get people to listen to me/understand my viewpoint?
Engineering or computer science B.S.?
Will introducing myself with a different name make me weird?
Daily Online Harassment from Ex-Friend
I like this boy and I don't know what to do, help?
Parents talk a lot and are giving me headaches (but living with them means no college loans). What should I do?
Can't make ends meet, facing eviction
Dating women with children
looking for advice from people currently working in politics on how to get into the field.
Body related question/weight gaining.
Me (m16), my friends (m/f16) love getting drunk and I don't
Vet tech or Biology degree?
Canadian leaving for vacation (7 days), what's the lowest temperature I can leave my house at?
Are there ways to low-key diet/workout?
Veterans car just got Repoed, no money for rent.
Is this guy being creepy?
How to deal with delayed puberty
What to do for an open interview?
She shows interest, but she just wants to be friends
How to get my life back on track?
Can't get my mind off another girl, while I'm in a relationship.
NEED ADVICE ON HOW TO BREAK THIS NEWS TO MY PARENTS.
Help me get over this guy I never went out with
Might be moving to Beaumont, Texas for college?
Suddenly my dad is acting so protective..
Was I raped? (18F)
Friend owes money to me problem
Help stopping recurring nightmares
I need help deciding on a desk chair for under $250.
Looking for advice on how to give advice to my girlfriend (both of us are in high school but are very mature)
Getting mixed signals, unsure how to proceed.
That fork on the road is getting pretty annoying
Falling for a girl, but she lives 8 hours away.
Does he like me or
How to deal with a hostile housemate?
Trapped in an abusive relationship with nowhere to go.
New Cat pet owner. And I got two of them....
Made friend mad, we made up but now her stepdad wants to talk to me. Help about what to expect and how to feel?
How can I completely erase my mentality of I am special?
A boy I like friendzoned me and I can't get over him what should I do?
16, where/how to meet people when I don't have many interests?
Did I (22M) fuck up, or is she (22F) being a bitch?
I asked a girl out [M]
Need advice about a girl.
Unsure if I am alive? Please help
My (24/F) sister in law thinks its ok to have sex with her boyfriend while my wife (26/F) and I (26/M) are home. What can I do that is so awkward that they will never do it again?
Is this Girl I met only a day ago while starting a job interested in me, or is it just my imagination and overthinking?
Car Hire Virgin
College freshman and I feel like I ruined my college experience
I really need your help about a serious matter!
Should I take AP Stats?
Yoga pants help!
I'm an addict. I need a way to force myself to not use. Need recommendations.
Ridiculously Long Post About a Girl
I feel guilty for being gay. Help?
Friendship advice?
I need your help
How to calm the nerves?
How do I sort out my sleeping pattern?
planing on taking a trip to Seattle, Washington to see if I like it before I move there, any tips?
23, lost, have a plan but feel too old..
My dad is gay and is lying to my mom about it.
Help me save my husband's life
How to remove/reduce bags under your eyes
How should I spend summer holiday (I'll be 16) ?
Moving on from best friends to more advice
I think I've screwed up everything with this girl
How do you make friends, as an adult, when your new to an area?
How do I respond to people, whom I am acquainted to, with a superiority complex?
Do I have a moral obligation to tell my landlords about my roommate's potentially dangerous alcoholic behaviors when I move out?
Wrote a script for a youtuber, after spending weeks of work on it, I'm thinking about keeping it for my self, should I?
My parents are getting old
Found out my cousin's fiancee is cheating
How to make two house cats get along?
Should i quit college if i feel like i'm wasting my time?
How to complain about my boss
Police Won't Deal With Mentally Ill Neighbor Breaking &amp; Entering?
Is it okay too accept marijuana from my friends?
Coworker hates me because I stole the job she wanted.
Want to move out of state, need help with idea
I'm a lonely commuter student [21M] living w/parents. I have a chance to move out for my final 2 semesters. Is it worth it?
How do I motivate my older sister to move out?
Wanting to start fresh for 2016 &amp; beyond (Leaving the nest, learning a trade)
What subreddit can I use to make a suggestion for the majority of the very popular subreddits?
My girlfriend's uncertainty is threatening our relationship
Call centre employee. Help, Please!
I'm about to go to university and I hate every available course equally. Which course do I take to get to the highest payed per hour job?
why am i so attracted to black women and black women only???
Any advice for a way for a first-time homebuyer with good credit to get a home loan with little/no money down?
I don't know whether I should sell out or stay true to my ideals, especially with my future on the line.
How do I get over my crush on a co-worker?
Can I get some help with how to deal with this?
Punched in the face by a bouncer for no reason!
I can't do math but I want to go to college.
My mother is lonely.
She's scared of love!?
how do I approach my boss?
My mom believes that fortune tellers are 100% real
My (21 F) sister (14 F) is showing warning signs of depression. I don't know how to help her.
I think my teacher is upset with me, and I want to fix things.
Can't talk about my education with my parents
Best friend admitted to being homophobic and prolife
Prostituted myself for the first time.
My friend told me she's pansexual
How do I find out more about my father's Native American heritage for him?
Venting/Advice also
Depressed and want to move out of state. I just need help with planning and general life advice.
Alcohol Addicts or Alcohol Addicts!!! I am looking for some help!
Seeking advice on how to approach manager with medical condition that I have that might, at times, impact my ability to do work.
How can I share this great story in my head when I'm not a writer, an artist, or able to hire someone who is?
How to tell my toxic (but well-meaning) parents I want to move out?
How accurate are rateme and amiugly?
I don't know where to go with my life.
Special assessment protest letter.
I'm being laid off work next week. I don't really want to get another job, I want to work for myself. But how do i start?
Need someone to hear me out and help me in hard times
I want to go away
Is the issue that I don't actually love myself, or am I just interpreting it wrong?
I want to quit my job that doesn't make me happy, but I don't know how to go about it
I am 22 and I still get acne?
Need some advice regarding my new bed.
Should I end my friendship with my best friend?
World falling apart
Should I do car repairs in my garage?
Sex: Why do some guys cum fast and others take 30 minutes?
Can mesh screen doors come off its track when it drops in temperature, or did someone break into my apt?
Why do I feel my belly when I take a breathe?
Need help factory resetting a network extender (Missing config password)
I'm being cyber stalked
How can I make 5000$ in the next 4 months
I hate my dream job. Not sure what to do.
How did you make peace with that person??
Can´t....take it...anymore...
Need advice on deciding where to move.
Met a girl who just moved to town and would like to ask her out. Does the fact that she just moved to town change anything?
I need advice :(((
If you were a soon to be college student and you had $400 what would you buy?
I just got caught watching porn...
How do you make friends in a new place?
Should I take a co-op course in HS?
[18M] college freshman; I dislike myself and don't really know what to do with my life.
I want something that's wrong, but I'm not hating myself as much as I should, help please! :/
I Found Nudes Of A Friend's Wife Online. Should I Tell Him About Them?
Why Does This Lady Always Awkwardly Comment On My Appearance?
This is a new feeling for me, I'm not sure what to think?
Quarter life crisis and running away
Need a little life advice today [Serious]
I cant tell if she likes me or not
Roommates have all become drug users, 2 are addicts.
Baby's last name
Anybody have any advice for a step dad and a mum of 2 (m7 &amp; f9) whose father is terminally ill?
What would be the most convenient and cheapest way to send money overseas to help someone?
I think my downstairs neighbor is abusing his mother. Can I/should I do something?
What other degrees are useful in law enforcement?
Should I sell a very short domain name that still has personal memories attached to it?
Whenever I see an animal in distress I get very emotional, but when I see a human...not so much. Does anybody else have this and is there maybe an explanation for that?
My guy-friends are only friends with me because they want sex. help?
I am at fault here?
25/m struggling on the next step in life.
I fucked up bad tonight
(22 F) Financially dependent on SO (27 M), living in his house... I think we're breaking up. How do I gain independence ASAP?
Reading a poem at Grandad's funeral next week..
How can I make things up to my grandma?
What does it take to become a physiatrist?
How to start feeling like a man and not a boy?
19 Male I dont want to go back to my Country or go to University
Should I stay at my current job or go to college?
Help me help coworker who can no longer function due to disabilities
What should I do?
My phone has been stolen, should I offer a reward for its return?
How to deal with a sister who yells at me in public?
Stuck and dont know what to do
Bored to death. Please help me find a new hobby.
Help for moving on
I have to do 20 hours of homework by tomorrow. How can I get myself to focus?
We re-homed our cats and now they are missing!
I have recently started randomly crying about the thought of my living father passing away.
Need help/advice
I want to quit my job, but I think it would destroy the company.
How to ask her out?
My Mother wants to control all my finances, how do I tell her to back off?
Ways or organizing thoughts in my head
Apology to the people of this sub and to SO
Got a big oppourtunity - what to do ?
Friend's birthday is in 2 days and I want your opinion.
Should I try to get my girlfriend back
Girl I have crush on just asked if I would hypothetically fuck her, not sure what to say
Looking for advice on how to give advice to my girlfriend (both of us are in high school but are very mature)
Will I get fired?
Existential depression/anxiety is getting in the way of my daily life. Please help?
Adviceon buying secondhand, is seller suspicous?
What is the best way to preserve to life of my electronics batteries?
I don't know whether I should move and face financial instability, or stay and potentially lose a friend.
Can I get ink out of the couch cushion?
How do you deal with smart-asses?
I have 5 years of work experience and am pursuing my MBA so that I can transition into nonprofits - is this a stupid plan?
I slept with a girl who has a boyfriend, and who is in my Ex's sorority.
Question regarding no-shows
Should I text him? Hear me out.
What should this essay be about?
I have no money to hire any actors or any friends that are willing to act, do you think I could ask a homeless person to act in my video?
[Other] We're building a new house, and my parents won't allow me to have a panic room/man cave built into my bedroom
So I bought some nude snapchats...
How to combat spam callers?
How do you find inspiration to do well at a job you care nothing about?
Get some sleep before an early flight, or stay up all night?
What should I do if my teacher us bullying me and many other students?
I have a shitty flip phone. How do I go about activating my decent android phone I got?
Past regrets catching up with me?
Interested in learning jazz piano but don't know how/where to start on my own. What should I do?
My 14-year-old student gets boners all the time while I'm tutoring him. It's awkward for me and for him. He wears basketball shorts so it's really obvious. I don't think he knows how to deal with it, and neither do I. What do I do?
I Lied to My Friends About What Middle School I Attended...
About to have a mental breakdown from all of this pressure regarding my future, need advice.
I want to be eloquent.
Advice on how to become confident f23 (help)
My Girlfriend of a 2 Years is Joining the Peace Corps
How much does having your own place and its resulting independence mean to you?
How do you cope with working?
I'm an intern and saw a coworker throw a tantrum today.
Planning to work in Montana
Should I move out?
How do I get off the internet?
What souvenir should I collect from different cities
Try again or continue?
Have motivation and energy to do something, but have absolutely no idea where to start or what to do.
I have a complicated relationship with my best friend and neither one of us knows what to do now.
Should I quit my job this early?
Fathers sleeping habit
Roomattes got puppy despite me saying I didn't want one
My girlfriend was just raped by her ex-boyfriend
Actively seeking job need some advice.
I bought a car a couple months ago but haven't received my registration
How to get a doctor's letter faster? (Read the description please)
Where should I turn for life advice? I need serious help.
One of my best friends is cheating on his wife, whom I've loved as long as I've known her.
How do I approach this girl?
Should I take 2 classes this semester?
I'd like to settle a silly debate about the merits of shovelling water. Yes: shovelling _water_.
I want to break up but i'm scared she will kill herself
Is My Job Causing Depression? How do I choose a new career?
Moving to new city
Have a friend with a binge watching problem.
I Saw This on the Wall Next To My Door This Morning.
Hanging out with someone you hate OR hurt a good friend feelings.
Got an offer to move out today
Quarter life crisis this week: I want to start living my own life, but how?
How can i learn to think for myself? Have opinions and reason?
What is the best browser for exploring the dark web?
Personality clash??
Football or No?
I keep noticing signals in people around me what could be the cause?
Failed at approaching a girl. What now?
Transferring from a known College to a "No-Name" College for a change up in life.
Considering getting a second job - anyone work two jobs? What's it like?
Earning more than most for my age, difficult to deal with
How can I be more of a positive person? (Less negative/judgmental)
Is further education essential to financial success nowadays?
I started anxiety medication two weeks ago. This morning I woke up at 4:30, heart pounding, breathing heavy, absolutely terrified, despite not having a bad dream.
Where to go next in life?
How to not get catfished when using online dating?
What are good jobs for not bright people?
i want to learn about every thing about renaissance art..what is the best book to go about it?
Auto sales experts of Reddit: after going about 15k over the mileage on my 3 yr lease, what is my best course of action to just buy the car? (Which I think I want to do.) Or is there a better option?
College Student. Mother Passed Away in September 2015 After a Painful Summer Treatment. Likely to take SSRIs Medications for The Upcoming Semester. Any Advice?
Being paid below my pay grade
Assault victim help
How do I get over my sudden interest in my friend?
Should I buy girl a bday present
What's more important? School or family?
Relative just bailed on a Taxi and used me as her get-away.
I am 17 YO(M) and I am tired of this.
Rapidly degrading relation with parents due to school related issue.
Dizziness/nausea caused by flashing lights.
Which home style?
How can I request that I start my job at a different location than I originally agreed to?
How can I stop worrying?
Being just friends is hard
Need advice on how to handle this.
Depression, Anxiety, and Overthinking: My story and my questions
Shitty Job - Is this fight worth it?
Want a NCS that has suspense and an insane bass drop, which one(s) should I use?
Do I look worse than 2 or 5 years ago?
Star Wars 8 (spoilers ahead)
Worried about first time with Boyfriend
Shocking self discovery ironically makes me even more lost than before. Help me?
Nurses of Reddit, what is your best advise for someone starting nursing school in September?
Why was she a better choice than me?
In need of advice to help get rid of my jealousy tours other women.
My past is coming back to haunt me, and it's affecting my boyfriend most. Help?
So this girl likes me but idk if i really like, like her, but she wants to have sex. Not really sure what to do here.
Should I consider being friends with my Ex (?)?
How do I help ensure the safety of employees who have to walk home at night in a bad part of town?
my former friend stole from me what should I do?
Stuck in wrong career choice
