What was the biggest "bitch move" in AFL history? [From /r/NBA]
Apparently Kane Lucas gets around
Who are the best players in their numbers?
Whose Line, the off-season edition: Where shaved moustaches are made up and 3 km time trials don't matter
[Stupid Hypothetical] Why doesn't everyone just take performance enhancing drugs?
2016 AFLHeadlines Inside
It's the off season let's do this quiz where we guess Brisbane players from pictures of their limbs
Justin Langer shares stories of sporting resilience with the Crows.
Dockers add Hawthorn flavour to training with strong focus on kicking skills
BREAKING NEWS: Bailey Rice has shaved his Moustache
diabetes Attention! this is not a dating site , is a search a partner for sex without commitment.
Which article has Brendon Goddard lost his shit over here?
Spotted outside Essendon HQ today
Guilty: Essendon players to miss season 2016
Which head would weigh more...
Essendon fans are coving the AFL Logo on their guernseys with a #BackOurBoys logo
Dylan Shiel crazy hamstring exercise 1M views in 6 hours
Will AFL clubs that have ex-Essendon players found guilty be allowed to have top up players?
Best way to watch footy in 2016?
NFL analyst channeling Bruce McAvaney.
Does anyone know the context behind this picture?
Career highlights pages of AFL players padded out on wikipedia
Top Up Players
What assistant coaches will take the head role in the NAB challenge?
Getting AFL Live 2 in the USA?
ArdenStreets 2016 full ladder prediction inside
ranking the forward lines
Dissection of CAS's decision
AFL Classic Live Streaming for Free
Jeff Kennett: Prayer rooms at AFL grounds unnecessary and overly politically correct
James Hird's Story: Part 2
Early 90s AFL cookbook
I always considered Tyson Edwards to be one of the most underrated players ever to play the game, Who else shares this dubious honor?
An unwanted three-peat: Ex-Hawk Max Bailey backs Alex Woodward to shine
Is there anyway to get match replays on radio?
"Are you gonna bark all day little Doggie? Or are you gonna bite?" - The 2016 Western Bulldogs Preview
Is the media telling players to retire too early?
From r/cricket: Which match from the past would have had the craziest match thread if Reddit was around back then?
Q&amp;A With James Hird Following Tracey Holmes Interview
Damien Barrett on twitter: "Blah. Blah. Blah."
Stephen Dank says Bombers ban is laughable
Al Borland from Home Improvement at the 1994 AFL Grand Final
So Dane Swan has taken a selfie... [NSFW]. via Womens Day.
Essendon WADA finding is all A-League fans fault - Titus O'Reily
Revisiting Moments: Why don't I remember BT's "Big boy" call? Remember posting the score on Facebook and watched the game but never knew it til last year.
Anyone have any good footy related Wi-Fi names?
I'm starting to think that Essendons list might actually become decent by the seasons start
Just finished a season of AFL Live and I noticed this.
The Great Gaz gets married
Ben McEvoy is upset about Chris Gayle
Wilson: AFLPA funding for banned players simply extraordinary
Zac Dawson aiming to kick more as Ross Lyon hopes to improve rebound-50 numbers
West Coast recruit Lewis Jetta hopes for Eagle embrace after war dance
CAS verdict: Essendon players to miss season 2016
Off Season, Off Topic: Australia Day
[Discussion] Should violence on the footy field ever result in criminal charges.
What AFL team should I support?
Business supporters plan legal defence for beleagured Essendon
Spotted outside Essendon HQ today
Essendon doping saga: 34 past, present players found guilty
Match-day experience given thumbs up by AFL but not all fans happy
Are there any websites that show replays of last season's games?
https://www.reddit.com/user/NotChasingThese changed his/her NBA team to reflect an AFL. I thought they deserved you appreciation.
Dons snare Crowley as first top-up player
My dad, who passed away in July 2015, was a massive Magpies fan. My mum got this photo today (that's his plaque in the background)
Essendon Sign Yet Another Top-Up
CAS Verdict: Essendon Players Found Guilty
Aussierules invite by any chance?
What's the first footy moment you remember being at?
Walked past Ted Richards Today
Free Talk Tuesday
Mitch Robinson goes on a diet
The Essendon CAS verdict: your top 15 questions answered – Chris Kaias
[PDF] Findings: World Anti-Doping Authority vs. Essendon
What's your best 18 with at least one player from each time?
Essendon confirm Matthew Stokes and James Polkinghorne as top-ups.
AFL Academy squad provides snapshot of draft pool
Milburn taking out silvagni from original match recording of 2001 carlton vs geelong rd 22 (Throwback Tuesday)
Majak Daw Sits Down for a Chat
BREAKING NEWS: Bailey Rice has shaved his Moustache
Can the Aussie Rules have its own BBL style revolution?
Stokes set to join Dons
Essendon players and the fight for justice
[DISCUSSION] James Hird Interview on ABC24
James Hird: WADA used wrong facts - Titus O'Reily
Essendon players and the fight for justice
Free Agency for Essendon top-ups
"In the spirit of tradition, I would like to propose that we begin the Ritual of Sportsmanship...BOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!" West Coast Eagles 2016 Preview is here!
Can Essendon win a game this year?
Post game threads?
Dea joins Bombers
Full text of Dr Bruce Reid's letter to James Hird and Paul Hamilton
Kieran Harper.. Delisted at 23 by North after a blistering start.. Surely the Bombers should have a look?
Should Essendon have to pay for the contracts of past players?
Can we stop calling it supplements and call it what it was, a doping program!
Anyone want 2002 Grand final DVD?
Casual footy in Melbourne (x-post on r/Melbourne)
5 of the Worst Proposed Mergers in History #2- The Hawthorn Hawks and Melbourne Demons
Essendons List size for 2016
Damian Barrett is being all class on twitter again.
Matthew Pavlich has stepped aside as Fremantle captain after 9 seasons.
What is your ladder predictions for season 2016?
Barrett again on Twitter: "Quite incredibly, Hird is not the worst part of this two-person chat"
Rookie chooses AFL over e-sports
Aerial shot of Perth Stadium
Ollie Wines can't believe those numbers.
Paddy McCartin re-signs until 2018
Crowley to the Bombers
Fyfe back to work with Dockers
"Where do you stand?" - Essendon 2016 member numbers prediction
Need help with the Essendon drug fallout? Let Adam Rozenbachs' and Michael Chamberlin's deep analysis take you through it...
Supercoach reddit league
Supercoach 2016 discussion.
Why a 34-game season is not only feasible, but desirable.
Why does the majority of /r/sports act like total assholes when it comes to sports outside of the US?
New to Aussie Rules Football
Gold Coast Suns mid Jaeger O’Meara puts contract talks on hold in worrying sign for the club
Hird cleared in doping saga
Mundy to lead Fremantle in 2016
Ryan Crowley reportedly to be offered a spot at Essendon, pending a medical.
Which top-up players could the Dons turn to?
Patrick Ryder already with a new job for 2016
Melbourne's Christian Petracca to miss a portion of pre-season
[AFL] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
David Koch: other 17 clubs wanted Bombers to admit guilt and do a deal with ASADA
Jobe Watson has to keep his Brownlow Medal
Gold Coast Suns announce 10-man leadership group
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my tiaa
Daniel Merrett and Dayne Beams added to Brisbane leadership group
Koch: AFL answer for top-ups next week
Sacramento and USA Freedom vice-captain Katie Klatt heads to Australia with a chance to crack the AFL's Women's competition.
Essendon 34 - Banned for 12 Months
Who are the best coaches not coaching right now?
Joel Selwood to miss NAB Challenge, in doubt for round 1
Well Richmond... the people have spoken!
Flashback: McGrath v Carey - Preliminary final, 1994.
This epic photoshop by Fremantle FC
[AFL] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:toaiaadat
Nick Smith extends contract for 2 more years
Luke Parker extends 5 years to the end of 2021
/r/AFL Off-Season Legend Luke Dunstan signed my jumper for me. This is for offseason heroes out there...
Don't blame me for supplements drama: Hird
Over the hill or improving with age? Over 30s at each club assessed
AFL: Essendon to have up to 10 top up players and can upgrade all rookies; other affected clubs allowed to upgrade a rookie; no further punishment to be handed out; 2012 Brownlow to be reviewed
Imagine the outrage if this happened today.
Giants co-captain Phil Davis praises Steve Johnson's impact at new club
2.5 years on. EFC 34 Judgement is handed down. What are your thoughts on one of the larger moments?: Jobe's On the Couch interview
Any budding video producers? Port Adelaide is offering an internship
Is Harley Bennell the missing piece of Fremantle's flag puzzle?
James Hird Denies Ever Being Coach At Essendon [Satire]
Relevant section of the WADA Doping Control form (i.e. what the players have to fill out). What do you think of the wording? Link to full pdf in comments.
Can anyone who's good at photoshop make a Essendon version of this poster?
Your club’s best AFL Rising Star contender in 2016: Part 1 Adelaide to GWS
AFL 2016 Live Streaming Online HD TV
Which team other than the one you follow do you want to have a good year?
The Wednesday Wrap Off Season Edition: For all talk about all sports
The Wednesday Wrap Off Season Edition: For all talk about all sports
Ben Cousins and Nic Nat together
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my gtal
Essendon doping: ‘rapists have more rights than AFL players’
Dustin Martin innocent, mass media guilty
All 12 suspended players still at Essendon will have the power to declare themselves de-listed free agents
AFL: Essendon to have up to 10 top up players and can upgrade rookies; other affected clubs allowed to upgrade a rookie; no further punishment To be handed out; Brownlow to be reviewed
With the CAS verdict do you think a possible exodus of Essendon players?
Which club needs a new jumper design?
Time for the AFL to end organizing Friday night fixtures 6 months in advance?
The Do's and Don't of the Essendon 34
Just had a though to tweak academy picks.
The narrative and spin - the day after
Eddie: Dons Must Play Anzac Day
BREAKING: Essendon found guilty, will miss 12 months
AFL Players: Breakfast with Gary Ablett
Free Talk Tuesday
Prediction: 2016 will be the easiest year to win a premiership this decade
What would have Hawthorn's crashed bandwagon been?
Trainee Tuesday: Your Weekly Question Thread
ELI5: What evidence did WADA have against Essendon
Is there any AFL artwork similar to this NFL one I saw on /r/Sports?
Essendon Football Club players, led by David Zaharakis, thanked their fans for their ongoing support at training this morning.
Essendon bans: Devastated Jobe Watson speaks of players' pain, foreshadows legal action
Stirring of primal needs
SANFL clubs swoop on ex-AFL talent
Cam McCarthy granted indefinite leave
Search age: Search here... Search in: Queensland Search Girlfriend basher ex-Lion Albert Proud too risky for bail before sentencing
Anyone know where you can get all SuperCoach player data from last year?
[Off-Season Curiosity] Since West Coast's inception in 1987, only four teams have a positive win/loss record against them - Carlton, Essendon, Sydney and Port Adelaide.
ELI5: What happened with Essendon?
Games during the week
Peter Gordon: Essendon players considering appeal and injunction
Essendon and Port Adelaide chasing Mark Jamar as top-up player
NSW Government wants to lure NAB AFL Draft to Sydney
The *other* Essendon 12
Angry Hinkley hopes AFL will relax list concession rules after CAS verdict
Hamish McLachlan getting hammered in the media for hugging Miss Australia on live TV
No Free Talk Friday? Let's fix that.
5 of the Worst Proposed Mergers in History: #3- The Footscray Bulldogs and Fitzroy Lions
Free Talk Tuesday
AFL Fantasy starts on Tuesday (Feb 2)
Goddard on Chapman - ‘What he says is really irrelevant’
Which player/players are locks for your fantasy/super coach?
Off Season, Off Topic: Resolutions
Attention Adelaide/Brisbane/Gold Coast/GWS/Richmond/Western Bulldogs supporters: BLK is currently selling 2016 guernseys for $88 inc. number, name, and shipping!
Simpkin signs with Essendon
Hird says players made a 'mistake' in keeping quiet
Paddy McCartin signs 2 year contract extension
FYI: You can now buy tickets to James Hird's live (and only) interview this Sunday on ABC News 24
Ted Richards sums up the Hird interview best
Over the hill or improving with age? Over 30s at your club assessed
First sitе whеre mаturе wоman sеarch fаmiliarity thеy writе first NЕITHER MОNEY and оther gаrbage!
I plan on making some AFL highlight videos this year and I was wondering what kind of music to put over it.
Essendon given rules around selection and signing of top-up players for 2016
10 funny moments in 2015
Charlie Curnow cops a $4000 fine and has his license suspended for two years.
CAS decision - essendonfc.com.au
What is your ladder predictions for season 2016?
Off Season; Off Topic: Experts
Off-Season, Off-Topic: What 7 items from football history would the ultimate (magical) football villain turn into horcruxes?
Tom Browne on Twitter: "Can reveal @EssendonFC Xavier Campbell offered out of contract 12 listed. bombers a guaranteed extra yr on Friday @7NewsMelbourne @gold1043"
WADA is a bad fit for the AFL: Here’s why - Titus O'Reily
It wasn't me: Social media mocks James Hird's excuses
Essendon players victims, not perpetrators: Marsh (AFLPA Statement)
Calm down Heraldsun
All first year draftees are taking part in a Player's Association professional development conference
[AFL] Nicola Almonte - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
"For once maybe someone will call me sir without adding "your academy system is unfair" - The Sydney Swans 2016 Preview
Betting on the Spoon? Before and after?
Irishwoman Sinead O'Mahony hopes to emulate Stynes and Kennelly
Matt Finnis: AFL’s first openly gay player will need to withstand unique pressures and challenges
A quick attempt to quantify the damage to Essendon's 2016 playing list
Chris Scott: 'Thanks Gold Coast! We'll take him from here...'
Former West Coast Eagles and Hawthorn coach Ken Judge dead
Free Talk Tuesday
Essendon drug saga could continue: possible appeal
Jonathan Simpkin has become the third top-up player signed by EssendonFC for the 2016 season.
Build Lean Muscle! Burn Stubborn Fat! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle! [AFL]
[AFL] I threw the guy, but I have a disease, that it does not accept, I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Brendon Goddard to captain Essendon in 2016; Baguley VC
The Great Gaz gets married
Who rogered more football people?
What are your best Supercoach team names?
Do you think the lowered interchange cap will have an effect on the frequency of momentum swings and one sided games?
Where's the worst spot to finish on the ladder?
How would you improve your club's pre game entertainment?
"Days since last elimination final defeat: 136" - The 2016 Richmond Football Club Preview
Your thoughts on women's AFL games being a curtainraiser for men's games, or should they be standalone?
Sloaney has a hit with Lleyton Hewitt
Luke McPharlin appointed assistant coach of East Fremantle
Unfortunate placement on this morning's Age.
Essendon players found guilty, 12 month suspension
"Oh I just can't wait to be king" - Brisbane Lions 2016 preview
When was the last time a new senior coach was appointed mid-season?
Should the AFL take note of these Cricket crowds in Hobart?
The Wednesday Wrap Off Season Edition: For all talk about all sports
Gale non-committal on Hardwick's contract
Dane Swan and Travis Cloke nudes leaked to Women's Day
"Everyone needs to drive a vehicle, even the very tall." - The 2016 Greater Western Sydney GIANTS Preview
Essendon Suspension Expiry Dates
[hypothetical] A question regarding the top up players for Essendon
If Essendon finish last in 2016, do they deserve the #1 draft pick?
Towards a National Competition - 1977-1987
34 Aussie Footballers Banned For Doping: All Tied To One Team
Jeff Kennett: Prayer rooms at AFL grounds unnecessary and overly politically correct
Should Carlton tank in 2016?
Parker re-signs, looks for longevity at Swans
Does anyone else think Bruce McAvaney does a much better job commentating the Tennis.?
Sad news - Ken Judge passes away
Is Simon Goodwin in trouble?
"Everyone needs to drive a vehicle, even the very tall." - The 2016 Greater Western Sydney GIANTS Preview
Gold Coast Suns mid Mitch Hallahan fighting off inner demons during injury comeback
James Kelly joins Essendon as top-up player
Found Aliir Aliir
Murphy to captain Dogs for second year, with Bontempelli in leadership group
I am very lonely, I just love to fuck!!
Should the 2012 be stripped of Watson I don't believe it should be awarded to Cotchin.
aussierul.es invite?
Question: Did "The Straight Dope" change your opinion of James Hird?
The chosen few 2
What should be done with the 2012 Brownlow Medal?
Jess reveals details of substances
Spotted at Tullamarine; Mark Jamar the first top-up?
Ahmed Saad wants to join Essendon, feels for guilty Bombers
Shoulder reconstruction sidelines Billie Smedts for four months
Megathread: CAS Verdict - Essendon Supplement Program
Hypothetical - higher salary cap, more players, more frequent games?
Free Talk Friday
The Timeline of Essendon/AFL/ASADA Saga Part II
I want to tell a very short story...
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder... and the climb is all there is: A preview of the Fremantle Dockers' 2016 season
Trainee Tuesday: Your Weekly Question Thread
Richardson sees silver lining in Carlisle's drugs ban
Mundy to Captain Freo in 2016
Australian Magazine Publishes Nude Photos Of Dane Swan &amp; Travis Cloke
What are we all most looking forward to for the 2016 season?
Merchandise question
Henry Slattery banned for 12 months by WADA despite never being a part of injection program
Let's get together and make boredom a thing of the past!
Thank God for hard work, good wine, beautiful gypsy women and football
Viewers slam Tracey Holmes' 'joke' interview with James Hird
The midfielders that Ryan Crowley performs best and worst on
Josh Green out for 10 weeks with foot fracture
Does anyone know what happened to the GWS monks?
From "The Straight Dope" an account of the Essendon Chairman and directors hearing the full extent of the supplements program for the first time
St Kilda joins Power in exploring top-up option
I Found a Rare Jonathan Brown Signature Card for Sale, Wish I could Buy it
Why the Bombers' penalty was so different to Cronulla's
Pickering blames Petracca for latest injury
Essendon has two new players
Megathread: CAS Verdict - Essendon Supplement Program TEST
Fev is on that celebrity show
Off-Topic: Your Triple J Hottest 100 Top 10
Jarryd Roughead to miss first half of 2016
Boomer Harvey slips over with chainsaw but escapes serious injury
Why there is no problem with Essendon recruiting Ryan Crowley
Man falls down at training. Gets up.
The 10: best goals of 2015
34 Essendon players, past and present, banned for 2016 by WADA
Ken Judge passes away, aged 57
Is anyone else angry and frustrated at the way the media, the AFLPA and the AFL are handling the EFC doping scandal? They've run the narrative that the players are victims who couldn't possibly resist the club pressure, yet somehow Jobe Watson is a great leader and captain. Which is it?
Best debut senior season
GWS forward Cameron McCarthy granted 'indefinite leave' to deal with 'personal issues'
Ollie Wines and Port Adelaide close in on long term deal
Your club's best supporting actor
CAS: Bombers found guilty
James Hird: "This is a miscarriage of justice for 34 young men"
ELI5: Can Essendon now be fined for bringing the game into disrepute?
Timeline of the Essendon/AFL/ASADA Saga
Everything's coming up Brisbane Marco Paparone is close to finalising a two year contract extension
Confirmation from essendon
Port Adelaide will look to seek compensation from Essendon for Angus Monfries
Subtle dig by Nick Kyrgios
Has Patrick Dangerfield already peaked?
Anyone still play AFL Live 2? I need a favour on PS3..
Throwback Thursday: A recent history of Essendon v Geelong
ThIs Site Lik1ely Contains Sexuually Expliicit Photos Of Someeone You Know! khm..nta
Essendon top up players and salary cap
Mundy to lead Fremantle in 2016
34 Essendon players past and present have been banned by WADA for 12 months
West Coast sledge thread
RUMOUR: Matthew Leuenberger has done a serious Achilles injury
Who will be the best recruit this year?
Any ex bombers fans?
Flashback: When Wayne Carey destroyed Melbourne.
Crowley wants chat with banned Dons
Nick Kommer is doing the World's Greatest Shave
https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/sport/afl/a/30600523/docker-backs-crowley-to-fit-in-at-bombers/
The reason I'm sticking with the Dons this season
Meta - is this the only sub where clicking the Snoo takes you back to the sub, not to the Reddit homepage?
GameThread - D-Day: Discuss Dons Definitive Drugs Decision
Port Adelaide chairman David Koch courting karma
The last premiership, finals appearance, and finals win for each team.
Any budding video producers? Port Adelaide is offering an internship
Collingwood President calls Swan and Cloke idiots but club will take no action against them
Essendon FC players given 12 month suspensions
The AFL Commission will meet in February to review Watson's Brownlow
Historical Analysis: Fremantle v Sydney, 2nd Preliminary Final 2013
A little song for the Essendon top up players when they come onto the field
Going into the 2016 season, what is your dream forward line?
“There's no better way to overpower a trickle of doubt than with a flood of naked truth” - A preview of the St Kilda Football Club’s 2016 season
Who's going to captain Essendon this year?
A thought on Essendon's free agents.
What's the one draft puck you wish your club did differently?
My mates kid made it into the Carlton Annual
With the women's league coming in next year, why isn't there talk of establishing a Tasmanian side?
That was fast...
Woman's comp draft
[potentially dumb question] Can the AFL overturn or ignore the new verdict?
Essendon fined $200000
Eddie McGuire’s Revolutionary Concept For A New AFL Fixture
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:tingaiaisaaattt
Ken Judge loses battle with cancer. RIP.
NTFL match streaming
Is Harris Andrews the youngest player to ever appear on a clubs membership card?
Trainee Tuesday: Your Weekly Question Thread
The 2011 classic: Port Adelaide vs The Bye
Infuriating clickbait from The Advertiser, Dixon got back up and continued training, he's fine.
Are your club's draftees sinking or swimming during their first pre-seasons?
Girlfriend basher ex-Lion Albert Proud too risky for bail before sentencing
Hawthorn fan stabs bystander who tried to stop her shoplifting, Station Street Frankston
‘Really poor’: Walls slams Bombers recruitment of Crowley
So theres some flooding in Geelong at the moment. Heres Simonds stadium right now....
Dons seek appeal loophole
Where it all began: Heppell and Roughead
Angry complaints at new security measures at MCG
Essendon decision upheld, players suspended for 12 months
What will footy look like in 20 years?
Thumbs-up for match-day experience but not all AFL fans happy
Simonds stadium got a little bit of rain...
The Official Bigfooty Podcast - Episode 3x26- Essendon Saga Wrap
CAS Verdict on Tuesday 12 January
The 10: big hits and tackles of 2015
The Golden Hodgey
Towards a National Competition 1997-2015
How does Clarkson stack amongst others worldwide?
Essendon: the Replacements
Delly teaches the Cavs AFL for Australia Day.
What Essendon's round one team might look like.
Is likely Mitch Thorp will get his second chance with Essendon?
Team comparisons
Off Season, Off Topic: Holidays
Young Eagles midfielder Damien Cavka forced to retire due to foot injury
Fujitsu stand by Dons
Richmond release statement regarding Dustin Martin allegations
Yes or No: Should Geelong play all home games at Simonds Stadium?
For the sake of starting a shitfight - Who's closer to a flag: Scott or Hardwick?
Max Bailey's African adventure: Retired Hawk set for 12-month stint in Tanzania
As a fan in the US, this is the coolest shirt ever, but I don't think many will understand it.
I'd like to see that.
CAS Decision in 8 hours, Last minute tips? Who will win and by what margin?
(My brother's joke) Hird hasn't paid the Ultimate Price yet...
Fantasy or Supercoach?
PSA- To everyone who signed up to the Telstra AFL LIVE 12 MONTH FREE SUBSCRIPTION with the ussd code - log in and cancel it, before you forget!
Free Talk Friday
Free Talk Friday
The Adelaide Advertiser on Eddie McGuire's fixture idea.
Exclusive First look at the 2016 Bombers.
[OFF SEASON] Should club President's and CEO's be allowed to have a dual role in the media?
Would the banned Essendon players still get a full year's salary?
Which player has absolutely no chance of making the AFL Hall of Fame, but would be a certainty if eligibility were calculated solely on the basis of your best 5 career games.
Essendon Top Ups
Collingwood director of football Neil Balme believes that the AFL should not be involved with WADA and doubts the independence of the court of arbitration for sport.
I will fulfill all of your desires here
“Just remember – when you control the open letters to members, you control... information!” – A Preview of the Essendon Football Club’s 2016 season
Not Spindles! Jarrad Grant breaks wrist in bike accident
Paparone re-signs with the Lions
Can the Hawks make it four in a row?
Port Adelaide: Welcome to Australia's Game.
So do we get an apology?
Free Talk Friday
From /r/baseball If AFL teams were people, what personalities would they have?
How the Essendon players received the news...
Pavlich to relinquish captaincy
Its a bit late, but I just wanted to thank you magnificent bastards for the most enjoyable year of footy.
Just when Sam Mitchell thought he could sleep at night...
Hey, I'm Tara and I'm wanting a nice fuck...
James Hird Live Interview this Sunday 7.30pm on ABC24
Selwood a Cat for life after signing new deal
The best reaction to the Essendon verdict I have seen.
Is it likely that Mitch Thorp will get his second chance with Essendon?
Is it possible that in 5-10 years, after the lawsuits and the fines that Essendon are totally broke that the AFL offers them a bail out on one condition...
For sale - 2 tickets to James Hird in conversation
Quick question? Who were the average players who became great captains and who were the great players who were not so great captains?
Trainee Tuesday: Your Weekly Question Thread
Will the free AFL live pass to the first 10,000 people who complete a fantasy league be back this year?
Zac Dawson says the days of the hulking key forward are numbered
Relton Roberts prepared to drop everything if he gets an Essendon call up
R.I.P David Bowie
Essendon Sign Former Olympian Into Coaching Staff
Part 1 of 2: James Hird tells his story
The Wednesday Wrap Off Season Edition: For all talk about all sports
Tatura coach Jamason Daniels heads to Gold Coast Suns in coaching and playing role
The path back for Essendon - how Carlton, Melbourne Storm, Canterbury Bulldogs, Juventus and New Orleans dealt with disaster
Over 500 people signed up to be Essendon Members today in a sign of solidarity.
Greedy mouth took bold possession
We always seem to have this conversation around this time of year but how do we change the NAB challenge into the NAB cup?
Who do you think will finish in the top 8 this year?
Towards a National Competition - 1987-1996
If you're a Bombers supporter, are you "done" with AFL?
I would love to do this at the MCG. - Fuck yeah off season
NEAFL: Eastlake renames NEAFL side to Canberra Demons
Essendon announce their first two top up players
Zac Dawson predicts demise of hulking key forwards.
Question, if Essendon loose all six of their free agents and finish last, would they be granted picks 1, 2, 3 and even 4 as compensation?
So the olympics are this year if AFL were an Olympic event what kind of jumper would you like us to wear?
First AFL Match Ticket Question (General Admission vs. Reserved Seats)
Dayne Beams out till "second half of year"
HPN’s Statistical 2016 AFL Ladder Prediction
Breakout stars: The players tip the five most likely to explode in 2016
AFL introduces 30-second shot clock at all venues, but not Gabba, SCG | Fox Sports
Possibly one of the best and simplest Aussie Rules explained videos out there- Ninh explains.
AFL Season 2016: We Rate The Club Mascots By Toughness. This Is Very Important Journalism
AFLPA player rankings 31-40
Reminder: AFL 360 Returns Tonight!!
Brad Johnson thinks Fremantle will miss the finals.
In honer of our lord and saviour Harry O I present this song I found buried deep in the internet
Sunday Night Post Match Thread
AFLadder is out now for your iPad and iPhone, free this weekend.
Who is the one player in your side that keeps getting a game, that you're not sold on, and why?
When will teams for R1 be announced?
Meeting the CEO of Gold Coast Suns! Need help.
Dockers could get Hooker as unrestricted free agent
The Teams for Round 1, 2016
Luckless Cat Vardy to miss six weeks after suffering another injury
Xavier Ellis out for two months, Jeremy McGovern in doubt for Grand Final Rematch
A small but welcome detail from tonights AFL360, the fox footy flags are now legible!
American here who's been lurking, just found out my NFL team is looking into purchasing the N.Melbourne Roos! Excited at the prospect of having an AFL sister team to root for P.S. GO BRONCOS!
Perth Stadium one third complete
The AFL Draft will be held in Sydney in 2016 and 2017
Match Thread: Fremantle vs Geelong (NAB Challenge 4)
Match Thread: Sydney vs Collingwood (Round 1)
The Wednesday Wrap Off Season Edition: For all talk about all sports
What is the saddest image in the AFL?
Competition to win 1 of 4 match footballs signed by the Adelaide Crows
A New AFL Player Rating System
Eddie McGuire has run his course as president of Collingwood
Daisy Thomas ‘not good enough’ for Blues 22: Bartlett
As a Brisbane Lions supporter..! What did you think of our performance yesterday?
Patrick Dangerfield takes a big mark over Stratton
More irresponsible driving from Luke Hodge
BOY OH BOY WOWEE! - Best of BT
Empty threats a losing game for Stephen Dank
The AFL's game-changing women's league is attracting new heavyweight commercial interest.
Just had our Supercoach draft, who has the best team?
Best tipping site/app for a closed group of about 10 guys.
anyone not got a season ticket yet? want one? (xpost weareportadelide)
Is it possible to download from AFL Live Replay?
MEGATHREAD: Infidelity Rumours
SLEDGE SESSION: ITS WEEK FOUR OF THE PRESEASON AND YOUR TEAM PARKS IN CLEARWAYS AND BLOCKS INTERSECTIONS
Thursday to Monday fixturing
Possibly out of the loop: When was the announcement made about the count-down clock at the MCG this year?
Who is your clubs whipping boy and why?
AFLPA top 50 - Number 10
WA football commission enters into deal with the WACA on investigation into shared facility's at the WACA ground.
