mobile install
Pretty sure I've already asked, but I lost the post...
Which is best: Connectors: Clamp vs Solder vs Crimp vs Twist-On vs Compression vs ?
Tom Gallagher, NY2RF, Will Succeed David Sumner, K1ZZ as ARRL CEO
Sweet! I made it to top of DX Engineering site!
Is this stuff worth some thing?
Went to the Denver Radio Club meeting last night and they had experts on EMP. They played this video.
How Bob McGwier used a Cray-2 supercomputer to decode a ham radio transmission heard in Star Trek IV
Getting my first tuner - advice please
What *NOT* to do as a ham, or, "A Tale of Fred"
Considering a directional HF antenna...help a newb out
A non-HAM getting licensed.
Yaesu FT-450D integration with computer
Why is RTTY so popular?
Reddit HF Net Tonight at 21:30 EDT (01:30 UTC)
My wife is going to kill me (aka getting rid of old ham radio gear)
My new magloop, doing magloop things
Found this when I upgraded my video card today, wonder whats under the chip?!
What do you think about my QSL card?
Trying to detect PTT/Transmit mode from Linear Jack - FT-450D
Has anyone read the ARRL Basic Electronics book?
Where to get bare headset connectors (Kenwood)
Yaesu FTM-100DR alignment mode?
I'm trustee of my club's station, and I'm moving to another state.
EchoLink for Mac (El Capitan)?
Need help sourcing threaded springs to keep base antenna radials from snapping off
Wondering what kind of setup this is.
Do these antennas have anything to do with radio communications? They are ones I found around my area. (Google streetview screenshots)
MFJ 1:1 Balun... What is this? Doesn't look like any balun I've seen. The case kept getting water in it so I popped it open.
Has anyone heard interference like this before?
Digital Radio Config
TS-680S Severe SWR Limiting
What are the major significance's of the MD380 firmware hack recently unveiled at ShmooCon?
MFJ-910 Mobile Antenna Tuner
Free APRS application for iOS
I wonder if it's the same BOSE?--&gt; J.C. BOSE AND THE INVENTION OF RADIO
Saw this on G+ and had to share; I wish it was true for me this year. Damn bills.
Tytera MD-380 DMR radio reverse engineered, making the $140 radio the first hardware scanner for digital mobile radio
Excellent voice processing program for hams [Windows]
Code plugs for Tytera MD-380
C.H.I.P and Maxtrac Digipeater/Igate
Reddit HF Net Tonight at 21:30 EDT (01:30 UTC)
Vanity Call sign Issued!
Finally made it!
When living in a valley, what's more important: Height of antenna or power of radio?
World's Cutest Motorola
Setup in a fire tower in Brookfield, VT for winter field day!
An Open Letter to the 'Ham' in Thursday Night's Pile-Up
TEN-TEC troubles, particularly in the service department
QSLs for VHF/UHF?
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my iaai
A new morse code teacher webapp from /r/internetisbeautiful
DXpeditions : From Navassa to Palmyra (and beyond)
Just called in my first SKYWARN report
Ideas for improving HF reception on insensitive receiver
CHIRP and .icf (ICOM)Files
Using 3d printing to improve the Signal Stick (opinions wanted)
Ham Radio Quiz - Study for License Exams [App Store]
CSI:Cyber Defines SDR (x-post /r/RTLSDR)
got my ap510 aprs tracker and getting an odd gps report
Recommend used transceiver to hold me over a couple of months
How do you deal with the "ham police"?
Any way to decode packet without a computer?
RTTY Roundup Scores Thread
The restoration begins
SCFTA Segerstrom Center For The Arts
Is the length of a lambda/4 dipole antenna lambda/2 or lambda/4 ?
First Experience with LTSpice - Great for RF Troubleshooting
NAC codes possible with UV-82HP?
Slice of Pi mod for Gascop POCSAG paging project?
Recommend me a wideband receiver with SSB
Vertical antenna site choices.
RF Explorer 6G Spectrum Analyzer on sale for a few more days. Worth picking up?
NO-84 and ISS Packet QSO's - Holy satellite fun
Our very own in the ARRL Letter (/u/Kundalinichi)
Great article on multi-band antenna using open wire feeders (HT QRP-L)
Want earchi but do not want to build the matchbox? Here's where you can buy the whole setup
Baofeng vs. Everyone: Reception Quality
newbie question
Scanning with my HT, tons of "engine" noises?
Neophyte SSB transponder operation follies [originally posted to the amsat-bb mailing list]
Ham radio operator asked to take down tower
Make your own 1/2" Heliax connector.
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:asaiaianaintailaotdlstna
DXpeditions: from Navassa to Palmyra (and Beyond)
ARRL PDF License Manuals
3/4 hole punch
First Station Setup Questions
2 Way radio through concrete
Best Quad band base/mobile under $350?
What are the most fun parts of ham?
Good discussion happening in ELI5 regarding EMF exposure.
Computer headphones conduct radio waves
Antenna array and ADB-S
Questions pertaining whole band noise
Anyone in State College PA Doing Winter Field Day?
Does anyone know of a smallish MW (Broadcast AM) receive only antenna suitable for a HT with an SMA connection?
Convoy question
Idiot's Guide to HamFesting?
Finding a call sign from a deceased relative
Special Event on Sunday, Jan 10th - 70th Anniversary of Project Diana, first moonbounce! The Ocean Monmouth Amateur Radio Club (N2MO) will be active on HF, and on 1296MHz off of the moon! Here's an intro video:
Not busy tonight? No cards and stuff, just sign up and sex [amateurradio]
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [amateurradio]
Good article on choke baluns originally posted by /u/Chucklz a few days ago as a reply. It is very good and apparently got missed by many.
Does anyone apart from me prefer to input frequencies manually on their transceiver or use software?
List of RF Planning tools
I just started receiving radio and I have no clue how I could go about figuring what this is, would appreciate any help (sorry for being a classic noob)
ham radio deluxe and the FT 817
Can a yagi antenna be mounted on the side of a metal building (pointed away) without degrading tx/rx?
Working SO-50, AO-85 with Arrow Antenna and Kenwood TH-D72A
Congressman Intercedes with FCC Chairman on Amateur Radio RFI Concerns
#redditnet irc problems
Weekly CW Noob On-Air Hangout Tonight 9:30pm Eastern/01:30 UTC [01/22/2016]
Eridol Firewire FA 66 (x2)
Is This a Good First HF Radio?
QSL Square Dance (QSL Incoming Bureau card pre-sort) [try again]
Tyteras are Useful for Something
Just build my first antenna : critique invited, goal is to get rtl-sdr dongle to read electrical meter from 100m away
Numbers station-like broadcast in Hamilton, ON
Anyone have experience with the Channel Master 50' telescoping mast? (Wal-Mart sells them...)
Cruise ship took radio
Best SDR USB dongle?
Woohooo !! Just bought a Baofeng UV-5R V2+
Ramsey Kits Calls it Quits
Radio direction finder, Hollywood style.
New to HF / SDR. What is this signal?
Hi, how can I mount this external car antenna I just got ? Thank you for any help :)
Weekly CW Noob On-Air Hangout Tonight 9:30pm Eastern/01:30 UTC [01/15/2016]
Interfacing 897D with PC?
Question from someone considering trying amateur radio
Run For The Bacon CW Sprint is tonight
Eham.net anyone?
RasPi powered Radio - PocketFM
Ham Radio Public Service Activities – Rewarding and Useful [Hackaday]
Budget Motorola GM300 power supply?
IC 725 deaf after transmit
I just worked the ISS repeater. It's the first satellite I ever worked!
I'm always amazed that it's the always the little things
Does your club publish an annual report? Here's ours: Presidents Annual Report to the Membership, 2015 Ocean-Monmouth Amateur Radio Club, Inc.
I love to undress on camera
I think it should work!
Which type of coax to use for 50ft. run for 2m/70cm radio?
Any one worked with Gpredict / GQRX
Do repeaters filter out the incoming PL tone?
Antenna switch question
Is there any online stream that may be picking up chatter from the Oregon militia group?
International Space Station - Audio from 01/05/2016 School Contact
Introducing LoRa
Look at today's Google Japan doodle! 90th anniversary of the invention of the Yagi-Uda antenna!
BS7H Scarborough Reef DXpedition
Not sure if any of you guys would be interested in these phones.
VP8STI DXpedition in South Sandwich Is. forced to QRT and abandon their station when a storm caused an ice floe to calve and threatened to block their only exit
Need a car radio recommendation
NPOTA RC07, Deleaware Water Gap
Thought I could avoid the VP8 pileup wall o sound by working them another mode HAH
Old fire service equipment good for anything?
Phone or Digi?
Has anyone used IRC DDB Gateway and PC Repeater Controller?
Do local sheriff, fire, PD, dispatch allow reporting of incidents over VHF anymore?
CHIRP no longer works on Win7?
ELI5: 40m RTTY -&gt; USB?
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..tgg
Satellite contact on a ht reliably and without access to internet to predict passes
Looking for a Yaesu VX-8GR
What type of connector is used on Kenwood TM-V71A power cable?
Band Pass Filter Questions
Can anyone shed light on the mysterious MARS?
Solar charger option?
Pupils make radio call to Tim Peake
Icom Japan posts Info and pics about new Icom radio remote control software (RS-BA1) that allows full control of many Icom radios including the upcoming IC-7300
Should I update my K3 with K3s parts? - KE7X
New lighter coax cable
40m dipole near the house
Learning CW Koch Style on an Android phone? (x-post /r/morse)
Ham Radio Deluxe and HDSDR panadapter issue
Identify Motorola pager programmers model attribution
Global Simulated Emergency Test
New license making first contact in NYC
Got my General today!
Rockmite ][ QRP Z-match transformer
In the Beginning there was solder
Reddit hookup. Best girls for f*cking in the world! Reddit recommend! [amateurradio]
Antenna Identification - Actually Kind of Interesting Edition
First contact thru SO-50
Too ambitious? Is it possible? Multiple repeaters in rural area to create grid for larger coverage map?
Waiting for weeks for my technician license
US vs Japanese model ICOM-7200
Weatherproofing disconnected cable tips?
My remote shack, because city apartments are noisy.
Showing locators from contacts live on a web map
New Extra Class!
Just passed my Technician Exam!
New tech license and I'm not sure if I can afford equipment.
Any ARES members actually deployed during an emergency?
How Auroras are formed [x/weathergifs]
After a comment in an earlier post:
Is P5/3Z9DX a fake? (North Korea Ham Radio)
Some people disgust me.
Going to Finland on wednesday - what do I set for my APRS call?
Which type of mobile HF antenna is most efficient (best?) on my Jeep?
QRP 1st rig for CW'er o.k.?
Radio system specialist job - What should I know?
2016/1/30-31: 100th Anniversary of the San Francisco Radio Club Special Event Station
First Experience with LT Spice - RF Troubleshooting
Built my first antenna! Goal is to use rtl-sdr to read my electrical meter from 100m away
Got The Dipole Up
HamRadioNow: Parity Tuesday in the US House
DIY wifi router signal director using aluminum can
Is it possible to get a UHF Repeater that changes frequencies? I have no idea what I'm doing.
encoding images in waterfall displays
My Very First ISS Reception from January 2014
#24 Heathkit GD-1B grid dip repair and homebrew coils
QSO Today Podcast - Paul Wade - W1GHZ - DX in the Microwave Bands above 10 GHz.
Easy way to get your HAM Radio License
A first look at the new 2016 U.S. Amateur Extra pool by HamStudy.org
My "shack". I got my general and an IC-7410 and like the next day the IC-7300 was announced. Super bummed.... until I found out about tapping into the 3rd IF
LPT : When programing emergency service frequencies into a radio that can transmit out of band, program the frequency with an offset/shift so that when you transmit, you end up transmitting in the ham bands
Yeasu Power Connector
Websdr weatherfax issues
How could I take a large 2m antenna, and have it rebroadcast it's signal around my house so I could go wireless around the house and talk using my HT?
Home renovation planning for 2nd story shack?
Working as NZ2O at Winter Field Day... MO/AL
ARRL Antenna Physics: An Introduction
857D CAT Macros
Separate send / receive antennas with a single transceiver?
I just wanted to share my story in ham, however short it may be.
Newb Alert :: I bought a ham radio and can't find anything to listen to...
Advice on an SSTV Presentation I'm Going to Give Please!
What audio recording software can be controlled by DTMF tones?
HRO Shipping times?
Mounting telescoping mast on fire-watch tower
Jailbreak firmware now available for cheap digital walkie-talkie allowing DMR scanning: phasenoise
$3k gun, $30 radio
Why do amateur radio satellite TX/RX are on different bands?
New IC-7300 with more info and pics appears on Icom Japan website. (use google translate to read)
Tech wondering best way to get news when living in rv in future
HT Antenna Not Transmitting
What's with the crazy vehicle wiring?
SFO Hams Reminder: BayCon is this weekend
ISS SSTV January 16th Weekend Event Delayed
Legal limit hf amp
This Is Seriously My Best HT "Antenna" Now...While It Lasts
The IC-7200 has been discontinued.
Visualization of meteor scatter in the radio sky @57MHz
Hey guys, The people over at /r/10cloverfieldlane need your help!
Breedlove NMO mount + Larsen antenna
Heard my first local noise!
Length of horizontal feed run for center-fed vertical
Assistance requested with antique L. L. Grace DSP-12 TNC
Weekly CW Noob On-Air Hangout Tonight 9:30pm Eastern/01:30 UTC [01/08/2016]
[amateurradio] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:ssadaoantlin
Hermes-Lite: A low-cost amateur HF SDR transceiver based on the openhpsdr.org Hermes.
Reddit HF Net Tonight at 21:30 EDT (01:30 UTC)
Mobile Solutions for VHF?
January VHF contest this weekend: 50Mhz+ &amp; FM simplex friendly!
Solar powered ham shacks?
Guy wires spaced as vertical directors?
QSL Cards... How do they work?
Balun for dipole?
NRRL Promotes Hot, Fresh Idea
KB6NU teaches his biggest class ever
Pronounce Baofeng as you would "bow fung". That's the proper way. Not "bay-o-fang" or whatever.
University of Central Florida Hamfest this Saturday. Come join us!
HF net Europe.
Koch Method of learning CW with real words instead of random sequences? If it doesn't already exist, you can help me put it together.
Anyone headed to Ham Radio University this Sunday in LI New York?
Question about balun/choke
Need some help explaining radio range theory to a flat-earther
Cleaning up my Icom IC 720a
Ham Talk Live - new call-in Ham Radio Podcast coming soon
Winter Field Day at Valley Camp in North Bend, WA
TenTec web site temporarily unavailable after Jan. 1st change of ownership
Telescopic Masts and Towers World Leader, Floatograph
Case for DVMEGA/Pi
Opinions on Yeasu VX-8DR
Yaesu FT-2900R buttons not working
The Faraday-Cage: Saturday Night Radio Net - Saturday 20:00H UTC (15:00 EST)
Is it worth the extra cash ($40) to get the FT1XD over the FT1DR
Icom IC-745 repair series
Feed line and connectors.
How to handle a nasty operator..
(old re-post) How real/true is this currently?
Got this from my fortune cookie after winning a FTM-400XDR at the Capital City hamfest.
A Prepper's Guide To HAM Radio Basics
North Korea Activation a Fake?
Does amateur radio lack eye candy?
Saturday Night Gentleman’s Radio Fight Club - Saturday 20:00H UTC (15:00 EST)
Number after APRS call
Can't seem to decode DTMF with my RTL-SDR and multimon-ng
Is there a site or tool available that will give you potential / realistic range based on your location and antenna type?
My plan for working portable, tell me why I'm wrong.
Anybody have a moment to help me get this new rig adjusted right?
Cheap Alternative to Signalink Devices
Old-fashioned ham radio proves its reliability in age of texting (+video)
Stop Signs on The Air 2016 - A day of urban Seattle NPOTA operation
Here the female fucked lol What affordable , even no need to pay ) ) ) damn hot chick id: sntnasla
Ham Radio Quiz [free app]
Best band to use for 150 - 200 miles ? I have 20/40 meter ssb radios . Will it work? Where can I find out?
Anybody else have trouble with FCC's ULS license applet with java?
Weekly CW Noob On-Air Hangout Tonight 9:30pm Eastern/01:30 UTC [01/01/2016]
We're in a book, guys!
QEX Jan-Feb/2016: A digitally tuned band-pass filter covering 132-148MHz by PY2EAJ E. L. Chuma
Realtime RBN spots feeding into ELK for processing and visualization: Where are people sending my cw speed on the band right now?
Baofeng UV-82TP same as UV-82HP High/Mid/Low TX power selectable 3 Power Levels (1watt, 4watt, 8watt)
Wondering what options are...
digital modes on an ft-857D
Question about transmitting capabilities if I'm not allowed to have an antenna on my roof
What's your 2016 Amateur Radio resolutions?
Why do I hear hams on non-ham frequencies?
IC-7850 and Mobile Install
Elecraft will be increasing prices slightly next Thursday Feb 4th
[amateurradio] I threw the guy, but I have a disease, that it does not accept, I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
HT Antenna Recommendations
Half wave vertical dipole for 70cm HT?
Experience With Mobile Installs &amp; Honda Sensing
Harbor freight generator
ISS contact - am I doing something wrong?
GPS L3 band (1381.05 MHz) Nuclear Detonation Detection System active today?
Basic 2m SOTA setup
2016 AMSAT Space Symposium at sea!
Tom Gallagher, NY2RF, Will Be New ARRL CEO
A QRP Odyssey to Portsmouth Island by AA4XX
Any of y'all talk to this guy before?
[amateurradio] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Weekly CW Noob On-Air Hangout Tonight 9:30pm Eastern/01:30 UTC [01/29/2016]
Your Week In Amateur Radio / New Licensees [01/27/2016]
EchoLink - IRLP
Purchasing and rebuilding our home in a few months, what considerations should I make during reconstruction as a ham?
Remote control a Baofeng HT with my phone?
Weekly Q&amp;A Thread [01/04/2016]
Getting first SWR meter/antenna analyzer?
The NCVEC Question Pool Committee is withdrawing the FCC Element 4, Amateur Extra Class Question Pool documents released January 8, 2016
Laser comms can count as a ham radio contact if done properly
Preserving the NYPD's motorized past
Emergency out-of-band transmissions - any legal fallout?
Where is everyone from?
Anyone have VX-900 programming software? and/or USB driver?
Any opinions on computer-generated CW? (More inside)
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my lnaa
Just a few QSLs to go out to the Bureau...
ARRL Repeater Directory for 2015-2016 will not be up to date.
Today is my 20th anniversary of being an amateur radio op. Got my Tech+ (with 13 WPM Morse endorsement) on this day in 1996!
Technicians test on monday!
HF Antenna Help - rental property
Here is what a (partial) export of repeaterbook's DB for California looks like on Google maps. Google only lets me add 2000 points, so about 500 are cut off.
Reddit HF Net Tonight at 21:30 EDT (01:30 UTC)
Amidon Material 1 Vs Material 2 for HF inductors
What is the ISS broadcasting at the moment?
Just got technician's license, how to start?
VHF/UHF "All Mode" transceivers?
anyone interested in two eridol 1500's
Bandpass filters required for multi-op VHF+ Contests?
Big brother is always listening...
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my ads
[amateurradio] Married 6 years, I'm tired of it... I do not want to have fun?
[amateurradio] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
Can electric signals in Earth’s atmosphere predict earthquakes?
Loud 80m station: EA3JE
Finally tidied up the shack • /r/HamRadio
NPOTA Delaware Water Gap RC07
K5P Listening up 20Khz Today on 20M
Weekly Q&amp;A Thread [01/25/2016]
Why sat's downlink frequency is lower than uplink freq.?
Is it illegal to listen to airband in Germany?
Shell scripts to configure and run the Splat! radio terrain mapping tool
The Park Portable Doublet System Revisited (Part 2)
The Saturday Evening Net - Saturday 20:00H UTC (15:00 EST) [1/30/16]
Building my own radio?
First DMR contact using Tytera MD-380
what would be better
RX of Weather Satellites
What are some fun things you can do with a tech license other than talk on repeaters?
Antenna design: wide bandwidth with gain?
Anyone have an FT-7900R? (Help with WX alert)
Working SO-50 Today During a Beautiful Sunset
Ham license received 25 years after passing exam in India
Cheap HF antenna?
Yagi antenna Q. Can I place it on a metal surface or wood surface without degrading the signal?
Is there somewhere that I can download FLdigi without sourceforge
Best Service For Sex! Find Your Girls for sex! my aag
Badly Designed Ham Websites
whats the optimal range for a yagi 16dbi anetnna for wifi with good line of sight?
My first 3d printable from scratch design... FT-857 remote mount
Passed my General!
Question regarding "broadcasting" not being allowed (as in, to a general audience) on Amateur Radio
Icom IC-718 and SignaLink USB Trouble
Hey, I'm Rita and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
My First SO-50 Contact in Months, From North Carolina to Arizona, with NP4JV, Celebrating His VUCC Award
Taking the SO2R plunge
RTTY everywhere!
Difference between ARRL Handbook and Operating manual?
New ham, need help choosing first HT
The pileup for the Sandwich Islands station was amazing
Fastest bit rate digital mode?
Have two Raspberry Pi's and two Baofengs? They should have a QSO!
Wouxen dual band rig
Famous(ish) musicians on the air ...
uhf / vhf radio module / board
Questions on first random wire antenna
This new Aussie comedy series perfectly satirises the state of commercial, white, superficial mainstream radio stations.
Rick Roderick, K5UR, Elected as new ARRL President
Got my cards from the incoming QSL bureau
Help with data audio cable and FT-450, no audio getting to 450
Portable Crossband Repeating
ZERO experience! Help me out!
[Meta] The ham is friendly
NPOTA Activation at Crater Lake
FCK*My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!*
Baofeng UV 5ra disposable radio with no receive audio repaired
"PiTX" - what power density can be achieved in one meter distance? (roughly)
Build a $50 antenna analyzer using an Arduino Micro (or $20 using a PIC). Links in comments
Beacons, robots and other interesting quirks on the air
Grandfather and Callsign
For want of a nail...
US East Coast Space Station Reception Opportunity Tuesday at 12:41 PM Eastern - School Contact
Your Week In Amateur Radio / New Licensees [01/13/2016]
My Pelican Go-box
Ham's without internet and callsign lookups
47 old Motorola batteries in my old Motorola battery account
Video: A little homebrew transmitter fun with the simple Michigan Mighty Mite and a low pass filter
Baofeng UV-5RTP High Tri-Power 1/4/8W Walkie Talkie FM Handheld Long Range Two Way Radio Brand of Radio BAOFENG
Ham Radio University 2016 Livestream
Encryption is perfectly legal on the ham bands, read the docs
Yaesu VX-8 mike connector. Proprietary?
Weekly Q&amp;A Thread [01/11/2016]
How to get FSK out of commercial rigs for &gt;1200 baud packet?
Best HT to start with
Ideas for rugged dirtbike/snowmobile antenna
Portable Tubes?
Replacement for the Yaesu FT-252?
Pre-amplifier 70cm on SO-50
Choosing The Right Solder, Tech Tips Tuesday.
Dealing with the foolish
Ur fav HF mobile bands.
Your Week In Amateur Radio / New Licensees [01/20/2016]
TS-590SG and Winmor (Winlink) ... PTT issues
Icom 756Pro RFI Question
WSPR-X for Mac
What useful ham gear can you get for under $100?
Static on 442.000?
I am launching an ambitious homebrew satellite antenna build project and need design advice.
The Elecraft KX3 natively supports PSK63 encoding/decoding now (beta)! Now, how would I format a manually keyed packet for HF APRS while out in the wilderness?
At last I've done it! Today's FO-29 pass resulted in working JA3RVS and JA3FWT, and hearing JR8LWY call me but not being able to answer. It's about damn time!
New to amateur radio (UK) and I'm looking for a weather service to tune in to, is there one?
I know scratchbuilding is discouraged as a way to get into HF, but I just love it.
Using an Arduino to drive an AD9850 Direct Digital Synthesiser Module as an HF variable frequency oscillator
QSL Square Dance (QSL Incoming Bureau card pre-sort)
W3DZZ multi band dipoles
Boston Marathon needs ham radio volunteers
using 2 radios on 2meter repeaters in the same house
Help with my keyer
HRD Automatic HF DX Split
First Iranian ham radio contest
Arduino based all mode digital Voice
Proof of Area 51!! It should be KG5IRU, as in I Really Understand.
In the NYC area you can listen to the backstage of NBC
Baofeng UV-5RHP same as BF-F8HP, but cheaper
Mounting antenna near HF antenna, how to prevent HF from getting into TVs?
Resonant dipoles vs. Multiband doublet
Reddit HF Net Tonight at 21:30 EDT (01:30 UTC)
HF propagations chart question
Question about Dstar...
How long ? End fed for 11m band
Electricity worksheet for General exam?
World's smallest APRS transceiver. If this goes into production, I'll take a case
IC-7300 page with more info and new pics appears on Icom Japan (english)
Video compilation from the 70th anniversary special event for Project Diana, bouncing radio signals off of the moon.
NASA's SDO captures cascading magnetic arches
OQPSK demodulator design for 10.5kbps Aero (Inmarsat) signals
7W amateur radio aboard the Kon-Tiki raft in 1947
CALL TO ARMS! HELP inactive clubs that are ultimately dying!
Long term balloon use for a simplex repeater?
Renegade Repeater - Los Angeles
Welcoming newbies at local meetings
TIL Voyager spacecraft transmits a 22W signal. In 2013, it was heard 11.5 billion miles away. That's 522 million miles per watt!
Curious. If morse on FM is pointless because it uses same bandwidth as voice, why do so many repeaters identify using morse?
CQ Field Day, CQ Field Day, CQ WINTER Field Day... Jan. 30-31st
Not exactly ham radio, but 902.11ah, Wi-Fi 900Mhz band ratified.
Anyone know of any radio groups near Manchester UK? Every group I've come across so far is completely dead or disbanded.
The Saturday Afternoon Net - Saturday 20:00H UTC (15:00 EST) [1/23/16]
Please help me find enthusiasm for the hobby
Urge Congress to Support Amateur Radio Parity Act
A solo NPOTA activation at Ebey's Landing National Reserve - RS02 on Whidbey Island, WA
ARRL President Kay Craigie, N3KN, Concluding Nearly 3 Decades as a League Official
APRSDroid working on one device but not others
What's going on with 7.200MHz?
Problems with transmit on JT65.
Any luck working (or even hearing) the K5P Palmyra DXpedition?
Strong signals ghosting across band
Teardown of a Microwave Transceiver
If it looks stupid, but it works... Didn't have space for a real mount.
Echolink Node Numbers?
[Poll] What are the top five most popular digital HF modes?
2m/440 antenna advice
Amateur radio, the moon exploding, and a race to get humanity off the earth make for one hell of a novel.
Signal strength data collection for 2 meter signal
FT60-R Battery Question
ham radio deluxe advice needed
7L3EEJ is my new favorite QSL card ever. Drawn by his own hand, it depicts his house, antenna system, and him cheerfully in the shack on the air at 2am while his angry wife looks on
The protection diode in our amateur radios. How does it work?
Practical Guide to HAM Radio for Beginners
ARRL: Tom Gallagher, NY2RF, Will Succeed David Sumner, K1ZZ as ARRL CEO
A DIY antenna rotor, with simple mechanics, suitable for use after Apocalypse, and have been in use about 25 years...
Reed-Solomon ID (RSID) and error correction
Any tips on avoiding overload and noise with AM dxing?
ISS SSTV Event Now Tentatively Planned for January 16th
Any free online test taking materials for novice and general? I want to take the test. Have a background in Electronics and Radio communcations but have no idea what type of licenses there are.
Am I just being impatient?
On gender imbalances in Ham radio, and why I will no longer use the term YL
Help with DXKeeper and LotW
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for amateurradio
[amateurradio] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
