Looks like Amazon finally fixed the loophole where you could buy yourself the gift of prime at the new members rate.
My item has not been in stock for more than a week. What do?
Sabine or Peter, I got something for you guys!
[Question] I plan on making an account on Amazon. Do they send annoying mail on a daily basis?
Amazon.co.uk has stolen $900 from me
I waited too long to ship my textbooks that I'm selling, What happens if I ship them anyway? Or do I have to redo the whole process?
My niece made an oopsie need advice how to fix.
A Krazy Mug Chakra Theme Tapri Glasses
Amazon’s recent customer identity theft story is frightening for two key reasons
Wishlist 'Shared' setting
Does Amazon Prime work with international shipping?
When you share your Prime account, does the person you share it with have access to your CC and order history?
How Staples Advantage perceives Amazon Business. I thought it was interesting
Amazon Trade in, Seems like I am getting screwed, what can I do?
Amazon credit card
Just bought laptop, listed cheaper on manufacturers website along with free items. Any way to get Amazon to match?
Beware: One day shipping may not mean overnight, even if the item is in stock and you are ordering before the cutoff time. Always check the estimated delivery date on the final order confirmation page, and double check again when you get the confirmation email.
multiple shops on amazon selling my sisters design without permission.
Reordered item, got both original ordered and reorder
Prime Minister greets the nation on Republic Day
How are warehouse items priced?
get FREE $25 Amazon http://Nurx.co/FQUECC
Price range, with lower price on some options, can't find those options.
Amazon just charged my expired card... successfully
"Arriving today, on the way"
I received 6 defective items in a row and now got an email from cis@amazon.co.uk
Order from UK hasn't arrived after 45 days
Amazon wants to 'cancel' my account?
Does amazon (USA) ship items to canada?
UPS lost my RMA package. Amazon won't issue refund.
Amazon Preorder XBox One Game? (the division, can I cancel preorder after I play beta this weekend)?
TIL that Amazon.ca doesn't support 2 factor and in fact, displays a blank page in the place of the dialog to configure it
Got a shower filter instead of headphones; return or replace?
Cheapest method for forwarding Item that doesn't ship to Canada into Canada (Specifically BC)
What changed for January 2016 prime instant video?
How does Amazon figure "Get it by X Date" ?
Question: If i apply for the amazon card for the 80$ credit, what happens if i dont even use the card?
Rescheduling a delivery for January 7th/8th
Amazon Clothes on Shows
SELLING MY AMAZON ACCOUNT 90 DOLLAR BALANCE
Amazon Gift Cards are the most worthless and frustrating 'present' I have ever received.
Did anyone order a HOVERBOARD through Amazon? Their refunding customers
Got a refund without asking?
What was the first thing you ever ordered on Amazon?
When should I file a claim?
Amazon sent me two mismatched shoes?
Amazon promo codes for books?
How to authorize pending payment with bank?
Question About Shipping
My rejected review for Chromo Inc Tablet - 7 inch HD touchscreen Android Tablet. $43.
Does anyone know how to change the store country of a fire tablet?
Amazon Prime back up right now
What is "amazon"
Looking for a link I saw on Reddit for amazon.
Is a seller trying to rip me off?
Shanarra Season 1 No Longer Available for Purchase
Very aggravated with a seller/product I ordered. Amazon won't let me leave a review and offers no other outlet for feedback.
Amazon will again discount it's Prime service this weekend!
Amazon Prime household shared payments requirement
[Prime Now] TIL that if you ask for a coupon
How long do Amazon take to refund you the money from a cancelled order?
This may be Helpful for you baking
amazon student is amazing!
return policy on used item from Amazon?
Suspiciously low pricing on products
Who is the new "Shipping Partner" that Amazon is giving USPS packages to now?
Lovely, Amazon is reviewing my seller account...
Truly Wonderful Chat Support
I used One-day shipping but says it's shipping on Monday (4 days from now)
I seem to keep getting burned on shipping times. I paid extra for "same day" shipping on Saturday, and will receive goods tomorrow?
Win $250 Amazon Gift Card
An app that you can sell things without fees! Amazon is still good though
Super surprised about Amazon's customer service
Can I forward an email gift card?
Do collectors edition video game sales ever get restocked?
ordered a used laptop from 3rd party seller...poor packaging...should I return it?
Amazon Stickers?
Download button not showing up in app in Amazon app. Any ideas?
Amazon Win for me!
I recently pre-ordered an item on Amazon, sold by Amazon EU S.a.r.L. The same item is no longer available for sale by Amazon EU S.a.r.L. but is available from other sellers (at a noticeably higher price). Does this mean all the stock Amazon is getting has been pre sold out?
A Krazy Mug Cycle Rickshaw Theme Tapri Glasses
Best Amazon Deals Daily
Is there any indication as to when the Playstation 4 bundles will price drop again?
Returning a 3DS
Amazon.com Credit Card question...
Can I rent Kindle books through Prime(kindle owners library) with the Kindle app on a non-fire/non-Kindle device?
English Vintage Floral Design Party Bunting and other random items in my shopping basket
Now Checking Body Temperature Is Become Easy Then Ever With SMRY-230
Residual Income by Targeting Health
Kinda ironic after my last post about why I love Amazon, but...
Amazon Account Hacked and Email Changed!!
Is this a good place to ask about Cloud Drive? Having issues with desktop syncing.
Is amazon letting me keep my original (defective) product?
Selling Amazon account
Best time of day to place an order?
A quick question about "Amazon Logistics"
Has anyone noticed the 2 day shipping isn't?
Vivint security brings voice control to the forefront at CES 2016
Amazon says my package is "On the way" and "Arriving today by 8pm" but USPS says its in "Pre-shipment"
Am I allowed to sell stuff from amazon to ebay?
Is there any way to remove purchases from the "to be reviewed" queue, if I'm never going to review them?
Is there any incentive to start leaving feedback for reviews of items you bought?
Looking for a WW2 era German Officer's hat for under $25. Anyone got one?
Amazon's Guaranteed Delivery Date is Becoming a Joke
AKrazyMug Katta Chai Melange by Ullustore
Sharing Prime account
1 FREE year of Unlimited Everything cloud storage
If I share prime benefits with my mother, will she be able to see what I order?
AKrazyMug Classic ‪Car‬ ‪‎Theme‬ Tapri Glasses
Unlimited Cloud Storage 5GB download limit? What the hell...
Amazon customer service just tried to throw UPS under the bus.
Is this deal too good to be true?
I ordered a gift certificate teo days ago and I still don't have it
[Inquiry] Hamburger Alarm Clock
Gsmestop only sells Kindle giftcards, can I use them for regular amazon stuffs?
Ordered something on Amazon, it says "Delivered" but it has not arrived. I called CS and...
Late shipment even when you pay for one day delivery. ( Prime Customer )
Questions about Amazon Dash buttons
Are Amazon support messages supposed to show up in the Message center?
Is there a way to just buy the MP3's of a physical album?
How do I change an order's shipping address?
Release Date changing
Is there a website or subreddit like /r/amazondeals
Is this Amazon seller trying to scam me somehow?
Automatic Renewal of Amazon prime for $99. Can I still get the student discount they offer?
Missing delivery
Can Amazon stop sellers gaming underpopulated categories?
Amazon's shipping options do not match reality
Amazon Prime or One Day Delivery UK Tracking Number?
Is there a way to have Amazon deliver my package to a local post office rather than my address?
6 months free prime for UK uni AND college students
Bulk Add To Wish List?
Buying from US Amazon with Canadian currency?
Backordered items still showing in stock?
How to identify Fake SDCard bought online, 1.47 minute video.
how to search for most sold items
Amazon Original Movies?
I made a video review of the AmazonBasics DSLR and Laptop Backpack, I would love some feedback from you guys.
How can I watch unlisted youtube video on fire tv?
Can I still receive a package if I claim for a refund or a replacement?
Is it normal..
I got a pre-paid Visa gift card for Christmas. How do I use it?
Amazon's Two Factor Verification System Potentially Broken
Amazon Instant Video for Offline Movie watching on Windows
Amazon madness, pissed off
Kindle Fire Dolphin Browser backup issue
Received item after refund and item being stopped
20% off pre-orders and new releases (Games)???
Bought a tv, it came ruined, trying to avoid hassle of return. What do?
Quick question about prime
Received package I cancelled on Amazon... I go to my account and see the order was never cancelled even though I did cancel it and I was charged for it.
Amazon Canada shipping my PS4 across Canada with no box or protection?
Question: Amazon Fire Help function
Order "lost" by USPS, so I got a refund. It showed up 7 weeks later. No help from customer support. What to do?
Anything cool to get with those free shipping credits?
Will there be another Prime discount this year?
Can I rent / buy a movie from Amazon Instant Video on Amazon.de (Germany) if I live in the US?
What does this mean?
Box Damaged during Shipping
So what are your Amazon failure stats?
Add on items 25 dollars prime shipping
Amazon wont let me write a bad review so Im here to rant
Amazon Prime trial - Canada - Double charged!
Amazon replacement
I have been trying to pay for my purchase for more than a year. Amazon asks for my card info by fax, but that doesn't work.
What information is available to the recipient of a Gift Code?
Trying to order a product, unsure of tax
Why did amazon remove the ability to sort items by popularity?
I have been gifted a $40USD giftcard on amazon.com but I live in the UK - is there a way to transfer it to amazon.co.uk ?
If a lost item shows up after the replacement has been delivered, does it have to be sent back?
Fake billing address?
$5 coupon for first time using android app
Prime auto-renew
Delete sponsored search results
Free item in exchange for review
What does this mean? (Warehouse deals)
Textbook troubles?
Turn off x-ray on amazon player. Has anyone found a way to do this or block this annoying service?
Any flaws in doing this? (Amazon.co.uk)
A Krazy Mug Blue Lady Kettle with set of two glasses
awesome product it is.
Promo code for amazon prime
Any other prime members had next day delivery removed from their account? (UK)
Question about late order?
Questions about trading in an iPhone 6
Trying Same-Day Delivery for the first time, ordered at 08:30am in Los Angeles. The clock is ticking. I will update on my experience.
Have a business idea for Amazon
Watch out for this phishing site
Customer claims item is defective, first time dealing with this
Amazon CEO flew private jet to pick up freed Washington Post journalist | BizBantz.com
Why do Amazon Store Cards have restrictions?
Amazon says my Package is going to be here today... they got 45 minutes left in the day!
Cancelled pre order ban?
Free 2 day shipping and the item is going to arrive the 27th?
Cancled pre order ban?
A Krazy Mug Durga Puja Set (Kettle, two glasses, Tray, Cookie Plate)
SM-110 Finger Pulse Oximeter with Carry Case and Neck/Wrist Cord
Difference between .com and.ca?? HELP PLEASE
What's the deal with the store card 'limited offer'
Exchange Amazon gift money for PayPal?
thoughts on paid reviews? I get annoyed by them
A very urgent situation I'm in
Why did my package re-appear across the country?
Review: Santamedical SM-165 Finger Pulse Oximeter
Should I buy 1 for $75 or 2 for $204?
[URGENT] Return an item that has been shipped but not delivered?
Amazon's Guaranteed Delivery Date is Becoming a Joke
Can I cancel my free trial immediately after ordering an item, and still receive the free shipping?
Does Amazon provide better customer service/concessions the more you spend?
How do I share payment information with someone in my Amazon Household?
Can anyone tell me what this means?
A Krazy Mug Flying Bird Kettle with set of two glasses: Amazon.in: Home &amp; Kitchen
Why am I not in good standing with the Amazon community?
Really Amazon?
Stuff like this is why I love Amazon.
Amazon order to work assigned to an evening-only delivery company. Home vs Work Catch 22.
Amazon 2 year protection
Best things on Amazon?
why amazon is better then ebay?
Does anyone else notice it's increasingly difficult to contact sellers?
Amazon Household Questions
What kind of shipping do these guys use jesus
Order requiring approval loop?
Retweet me and get a chance to win a $10 Amazon gift card. For Charity! #BellLetsTalk
Amazon Code: 2555WEER 35% off Save $12.5 for WiFi Netcam IP Camera. someone interesting...
Can I add Amazon insurance/warranty after an item has been purchased. Do I have to be the one who purchased the item?
Question. Confused about recent purchase.
Do I need the original package for a return?
Dear Amazon: I'm never going to watch Mozart In The Jugnle, stop showing me ads for it.
My Amazon delivery van just arrived, waited around for a while, and then left without delivering anything...
LFM110 Pulse Massager
I have a student email. Would I be able to take advantage of the 30 day free trial and then do the six month student trial?
Refunded money but Amazon's not sure why?
Purchasing a CD to prank a professor
Shipping delayed this week?
amazon account corrupted?
I think I got scammed when I sold my TV, what can I do?!?
Amazon charged me $1....
My experience with customer service supervisor today
A list of merchants that accept amazon pay
Question about returning a product bought internationally
Same day delivery let me down hard tonight.
Amazon is extremely slow and it is impossible for me to download a game I bought.
No printed receipt/order details inside my Amazon package and bad packaging.
Since #NetflixEverywhere is here, how about #AmazonGlobalEverywhere?
No rush shipping no longer an option?
Amazon's Standard shipping is too slow?
Question about Amazon Student.
Annoying drop-downs for color/size/feature combinations. Anyway around this?
Question regarding gift cards
Can Amazon stop sellers from capitalizing under populated categories?
I Bought a "new" item yet received someone else's RMA with sensitive information in the box
Is USPS usually this slow?
Amazon Instant Video switches between SD and HD
Is there any way to get the $73 Amazon Prime deal for existing Prime members?
Gift Cards for Amazon?
Question about buying something from someone's wishlist
Amazon charges shipping costs on return items after first 2 free!
Will amazon let me return an applied, but flawed, screen protector?
Question about Amazon's return process
Can I trust this seller?
Two Day Shipping No Longer 2 days?
I've lost a piece of the box my gopro came in, can I still return it?
Question about uploading to Amazon via Excel
Bought a Prime Pantry order for $7.15, although I was charged $7.06 for the order. Is this normal?
Get the Latest and stay up to day with online classifieds in your area with Craigslist®, Ebay® Classifieds, job classifieds and more. Directly on your browser.
Is this too good to be true? I'm a fairly inexperienced Amazon user and could use some help.
Shipping is avaliable or not?
Can I order something from amazon.com and get it to deliver to a Canadian post office to pick up?
Prime is $89 in the Amazon Books store in U-Village (Seattle, WA)
Trying to figure out what this "Floating A" is
Unshipped order?
How can I cancel my pre order for a digital game?
The Ultimate Guide to Amazon Music!
Santamedical 8 4" X 2" Re-Usable Tan Carbon Electrode Pads with Premium Gel
Any harm in having payment rejected dozens of times?
Switching from iTunes to Amazon? [X-Post from r/iTunes]
Help With Order
What is the difference between Amazon App Store and Amazon Underground?
Question about gifting from Canada....
Out of stock item at very good price
Trading in physical book collection for digital?
It is worth to pay for an account in Skybox or similar?
A Krazy Mug Delhi Theme Steel Kettle with set of two glasses
WTF its Sunday amazon. Thursday isn't 2 days. Why the fuck am I paying you $99 a year?
i have $1.95 in my account. What do i buy?
Card Swift Code on Amazon
I've seen a flood of "promotional" reviews lately, on all kinds of products. What gives?
Can I buy something today and have it sent later (weeks)?
Accidental Refund
Pay Amazon Store Card using my bank's online bill pay?
Can you redeem US gift card at Amazon.ca?
Anyone else unhappy with "Amazon logistics" in the uk?
Order hasn't shipped, and status shows delivery to take place tomorrow
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Screen Protector Glass, Mindkoo Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Only $4.99 .Coupon code :577K5YO5 till 1/20/2016
"Yes your name is cute" (live chat support representative said my name is cute) Professional?
New Program? Got the option to save 5% at checkout if I added item to my S&amp;S shipments, AND am getting this item shipped immediately with Prime. Pic in comments!
Buying a used laptop from eWholeSaler
Should I rent textbooks from Amazon?
Amazon Locker - ok to ship something expensive this way?
Amazon Tracking Questoion
package kinda suspicious?
I signed up for the free Amazon Prime Trial, then after two days they charged me 40 dollars.
How do I get my clothing brand on Amazon as either Merchant Fulfilled or FBA? Other vendors selling our stuff but we can't?!
What was the first thing you ever ordered on Amazon?
Shipping differences in 2016? from 7 days to a month+?
Amazon movie distribution
Why can't i buy Digital codes off a tablet/smartphone?
Tired of receiving email notifications for reviewing products on Amazon?
Shipment intentionally delayed for not being Prime member
That really escalated quickly
Whats up with OnTrac and Amazon?
"Used-Very Good" smartphone
Question about Amazon Use Tax Notification.
Why Does Amazon has a different exchange rate than what appears on google search ?
Amazon Prime order - takes FIVE days to even ship
I found a TV which is 42% off the normal price for it at Amazon DE. Is it reliable?
Toshiba Satellite C55-C5241 Review and Features
Question about limited quantities
Problems with my order
Question about Amazon Gift Cards+Promotional Code offer
How can I find out what a mystery item was on my wishlist that now displays "This title is no longer available?"
Amazon tracking showing newest update that USPS doesn't have?
"No Rush" shipping no longer an option?
Question about international ordering
Is Amazon being Scammed?
why is soda insanely expensive on Amazon?
Amazon keeps giving me $5 off for slow delivery, will the ban me?
eCommence Website for your Amazon Store/production
Amazon’s customer service backdoor! Beware!
Ex-Amazon CS Employee Here. Awesome working with you guys!
I'm appalled! Amazon delivered my item today, and it wasn't due till next week!
Amazon locked my account. Told me to send them some papers by fax. Their fax line doesn't exist.
MASSIVE issues with USPS shipping. Anyone else?
Pre order games not coming on release date anymore ?
How do you track an order from another account?
Is there a price difference in renewing Prime versus initial sign up?
Can I get my free trial back after I cancelled an accidentally upgraded Amazon Prime?
Shipping taking too long.
Amazon Prime shipping is backed up right now
What happen to processing time?
Amazon gaming preorder WARNING
I need advice on what to do about this.
Prime &amp; Delivery
Amazon's making me pay to return a package they refused to cancel
Use my code for free $5
Is prime now a 3-7 day delivery service?
Amazon store card when canceling Prime
Amazon search is bizarre.
First time renting a textbook, what happens if you need to highlight alot of the text?
Amazon Dash Buttons... WTF?
Does Amazon know better than UPS how long it takes UPS to deliver a package?
How does 1-click work?
Someone's credit card info was added to my account and an order was placed
Where do my items come from? Why is the arrival time so far away?
Cancelling prime
Amazon packs Akai EWI-USB Professional EWI USB Wind Instrument Controller like its a cheap toy
What's the return window for electronics?
What should I buy?!
No more free returns?
Plans to make Season One of Bosch available on DVD?
Amazon prime - order is showing 2-3 day shipping
Do Amazon accounts have "regions"?
How does Amazon decide which seller item to display when you are looking for a item how do they decide whos item to display since their are more than 1 seller for that item?
1 day shipping speed?
Amazon Fire 5 ($50 model) won't connect to PC
Multiple sellers selling my sisters design on amazon as decals, any way to take them down?
account closed due to returns..?
SM-165 Fingertip Pulse Oximeter Oximetery Blood Oxygen Saturation Monitor
Should I return a duplicate Amazon packages?
Can I log into amazon safely from another country?
Amazon not letting me use my gift card.
How much will amazon prime cost?
I'm interviewing for a Safety Manager job at a fulfillment center soon, any advice?
Amazon US GiftCard Redeemed in another contry?
Is anyone experiencing Amazon selling the same product as you and taking away you sales?
Cancellation Request Question.
Refund question
Not fucking again (HALP)
When Amazon replaces an item, do they charge you for the replacement and refund the previous item upon return?
Amazon Prime free trial question about pre-orders
Is amazon legit?
I'm thinking about getting Prime and have a couple questions I can't find answers to easily.
It it possible to filter out sellers that aren't in the UK?
Package "In Transit" over a week. No scheduled delivery date, no locations. What's up?
Is there a way to add Kindle e-books to my shopping cart?
I just ordered Casino Royale ('54) Blu Ray in Spanish...what now?
amazon magazine $ credit
Is this normal for this time of year?
1 day shipping not 1 day shipping?
PSA: If you trade-in an iPad with Amazon DON'T include the original packaging. I sent my iPad off with the charger, box, and everything that came in the box originally - Amazon sent back only the iPad and USB cable and 'rejected' the iPad and deny I ever sent in the packaging. They're thieves.
Amazon Branded Sellotape, anyone know where I can get a roll?
feeling charitable? shop through browseU's amazon portal to help people pay their loans off at no cost to you! get money toward your own loans!
SantaMedical RY-230 Non-Contact Infrared Thermometer
AKrazyMug Lotus Lady Tray: Amazon.in: Home &amp; Kitchen
amazon .com is bunch of stupid faggots
Amazon has great customer service, but sometimes I think they're on crack....
Amazon Handmade
"Shipping Now" for the past 4 days, CS useless
is there a way to add psn top up vouchers to my basket?
Amazon Prime issue
Canada import : Extreme shipping prices
I just had a search show up in my previous searches on amazon that I didn't do.
HELP!! Need to make appeal against buyer on Amazon. I am the buyer. Seller says never received.
Overnight Price Change - Does Amazon alert sellers that one of their items is in someone's cart?
How can I set my shipping address to "public" on my wishlist?
should i buy from chineese sellers?
Amazon Echo...
Can I buy something on Amazon.com If I was in China ?
Why can't I search by Best Selling items?
How do I stop all these "Rate-comment-subscribe" style emails? The spam is getting ridiculous
Someone hacked into my account and purchased Gamestop e-gift cards. Anyone else have this problem?
Looking for help on late package/lost package.
A Krazy Mug Dragon Fly Kettle with set of two glasses
How to contact amazon?
Account access removed. Should i be worried?
Looking to buy a textbook, would appreciate some help.
Mysterious white powder in book, Amazon customer support offered to send "investigative team" to my address.
Get Free Stuff From Amazon - If fraud doesn't bother you..
Absolutely terrified of account closure... what should I do?
Have your Subscribe and Save items increased ridiculously?
Pre-ordered a game - Will I be charged when the game is "released" or should I have been charged already?
Shipping yesterday?
Warehouse deals price increase?
Quick Q: Why do Amazon seller fees vary so greatly?
I have $25 of Amazon.ca gift credit but I live in the US... any ideas for what I can do?
Amazon student referral
[RANT] Overselling preordered Collectors Item
Help for returning something.
Issues with order?
Amazon is literally delaying my order because I got free shipping
Refund question
Is it possible to filter products to sellers that ship to Sweden?
Financing question on store card
An Item says it costs .23$ - 70$ depending on the options you choose, how can I find which one is the .23$ option?
Anyway to get free Amazon Gear (Amazon apparel)?
Confusion with Amazon Student and charges.
Is there a way to identify the sender of an e-gift card?
I just got a refund without returning my item, will I get in trouble for this?
I was sent the wrong colour item, refunded, and was sent the correct colour item.
Need help with a wrongly sent item
Prime Shipping with Flood?
I guess..... I will re-order the product again. -_-
The Proven, Step-by-Step System to Make Money on Amazon
Is the Amazon Credit Card worth having?
Purchased $1600 Marketplace item, signature required. Never delivered. Amazon stonewalling.
[Amazon Unlimited Cloud Drive] Can I use a file duplicator program on it if I mount it as a drive?
How long does an exchange take?
Where's the incentive to use Amazon Prime in Canada?
Question about discreet shipping
Possible to extend Student Prime for another year?
Should I use Amazon Prime Now for groceries?
Cancelling orders that are shipped but not received??
Anonymous Amazon Employee "Amazon doesn't want to adopt 2-step verification for Paypal BECAUSE.."
So I've been considering dropping Amazon Prime...anything coming out that would give me a reason to hang on to it?
Blocking Sellers
I bought a refurbished 2015 MacBook Air about 3 months ago in "excellent condition"- now it's not working and Apple said it was severely water damaged- should I contact Amazon?
Account hacked, fraud advice
Shipping is free?
Help! Parcel left with neighbour, but neighbour claims they never received my package. I was given an address and a name by Amazon.
Amazon Prime Music without Amazon Prime?
[Thought] Amazon should have a table of contents on their product pages.
Looking to buy a Motherboard from Warehousedeals
New to Amazon and i have a few questions.
Ordering items that are not in stock, but will be in stock by a specific date
New Amazon Perks for Prime Members
First time i got a book that came in a bad condition and not sure if i will be able to return
Amazon Prime 2 day, not 2 day
Hi, I wanted to buy a game (download) but it says it is just available for USA
What should I get with £50?
Amazon.de question
Can I cancel an order if it is under the "Preparing for shipment" status? Please respond quickly!
List price vs Saving
No Rush Shipping No More?
[Serious] Store Card
How long does it take for Amazon Prime Now to restock supplies?
What happens if I don't have enough money in my checking for Prime to automatically renew?
Re: Do Prime Now Drivers get offended if you don't tip them in Orange County, CA?
Anyone else having problems with Prime Video?
Why does 'Offers from $X' rarely match what's actually available?
Amazon forcing Android users to upgrade?
PSA: Check Credit Card Statement: AMEX December Amazon Offer ($15 back on $60)
Want a refund on an item, but I got a new debit card and it wants to send the refund to the cancelled card.
Amazon gift cards available at 7-11s in Canada!
Do you have to receive your delivery in person when using Amazon Prime Now?
Amazon Chat Support Transferred me 10 Times
I like free stuff, how do I get free stuff?
Accidental "Return"
At least I tried
I have two accounts. One on amazon.ca and one on amazon.com. Same e-mail. Is this an anomaly?
Amazon Sellers Twitter Offers Promotional Help
I love Amazon, but its things like this...
Question about return and refund
Pokken release date?
How to return clothes?
If I subscribe to Amazon Prime, can I immediately apply these benefits to existing orders?
Can you cancel a return?
Be careful when Amazon closes your account, they also take any Amazon Prime time you have left.
Amazon forcing Prime $3.95 next-day option only
Amazon screwed me out of my returns.
Question about returning one item in an order with promo applied
Cancel order while item is being shipped?
Amazon Account Closed
Two day shipping changes.
Amazon UK WD 2TB HDD Out Of Stock
Amazon keeps trying to get me to pay with credit card when I already have $50 on my account
Amazon package shows up empty &amp; now I get this email?
Amazon are emailing the wrong order details (including addresses) to the wrong people.
Package with no tracking details available expected by January 7th; still hasn't arrived?
What app on the Amazon Fire Stick gets you lots of top movies all for free?
Tip: Fed up with OnTrac constantly losing/stealing your packages?
Amazon packing problems-a recipe for endless returns and frustration
