Friday Free Talk
Is Reddit Anarchism really this fucking dumb?
Breaches of trust in radical communities, what to do as someone peripherally affected.
Achieving An Anarchist Society
Why do anarchists reject the idea of libertarian municipalism?
Class Disparity, Folk Magic, and Insurrection W/ Dr. Bones of The Conjure House
Exclusive: ‘Hillary Clinton Took Me Through Hell,’ Rape Victim Says
How bigots should be dealt with when no other weapons are available.
Black Panthers Working With Poor White Appalachians.
Record-Breaking Temperatures of 2015 connected to mass fish death on Mississippi beaches
Achieving An Anarchist Society
The Lessons of 2011: Three Theses on Organisation
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [Anarchism]
Women's Death Brigade protests Jack the Ripper Museum, decapitate effigy of owner
''I was a part of all CCF actions, I am of any action that challenges tyranny... barricades in Chile, street battles in Mexico, antifa in Germany, free territories in Rojava, uprisings in Palestine... Everywhere there are those who not kneel, where the living dare'' - CCF Prisoner Christos Tsakalos
Collectivized creativity: the rediscovered films of the CNT
I'm debating my dad about racism in America
What's your opinion on Utilitarianism?
Books or stories for children that don't glamorize oppressive hierarchies and exploitation?
[A draft/primer unto collective dialogue around] 'Deconstructing Phoneticism; dismantling anglo-phonic privilege &amp; hierarchy as a decolonization/anti-capitalist tactic...
Is it just me or is the right on the rise more or less globally?
Spreading anti-capitalist sentiment at High School
I am writing a paper.
Campaign update: Officially on the ballot
Any thoughts on this essay?
San Francisco attempting to relocate homeless before Super Bowl 50
Brussels: Call-out for solidarity with four people charged over the destruction of a maxi-prison model
The things you find on /r/Anarcho-Capitalism...
David Graeber and David Wengrow: Palaeolithic Politics and Why It Still Matters
New Survey: 5.5% of women and 2% of men in the US identify as bisexual
The Retreat of the Intellectuals | Ellen Meiksins Wood
AIDE PERSONNALISEE AU LOGEMENT / HOUSING BENEFIT
Climate change could put at risk thousands of the world's power plants by the middle of the century, leading to outages and forcing countries to find alternative sources of energy, according to a study published on Monday in the journal Nature Climate Change.
YPS UNITS FORMED IN SEVEN CITIES IN TURKEY-the YPS are similar to the YPG
The poor fetish: commodifying working class culture
Jewish Extremists Pose a Growing Threat to Israel: Experts
Protests in Saudi's Qatif after execution of top Shia cleric--Nimr al-Nimr, who was key to start of pro-democracy protests in the kingdom's east, one of 47 people executed on Saturday
Canadian Company Netsweeper to Censor Bahrain’s Internet for $1.2M
xokw j ucayzx xglwjknp kh pkxkbfw zq onku llq gw
Does anyone know anything about advanced home building materials and techniques? Besides adobe, wood, etc.
Why am I suffering ?
Why Social Darwinism is hurting our society
Why hierarchy creates a destructive force within the human psyche
Anarchist Direct Actions: A Challenge for Law Enforcement
Under Fire: Translating the Growing Crisis in the Kurdish Cities of Turkey’s Southeast
An Oligarchy Has Broken Our Democracy. It Must Be Dislodged : Information Clearing House - ICH
I think John Green did a decent job explaining Y'all Qaeda
To Change Everything in 10 More Languages
#ResistCapitalism is trending on twitter. • /r/socialism--but seriously those, idiots who point out the irony in using twitter to express anti-capitalism. *facepalm*
NJ High Schooler Called To The Principal's Office "For Being Anti-Israel" On Twitter: Gothamist
Ian Welsh: 2015 in Review
Bristol Anarchist Chases Away Counter-Terror Police
Mexico: On Anarchist Internationalism
ISIS in the news: comparing the reaction of media outlets and netizens in China and the United States. A study inspired by Chomsky's propaganda model from manufacturing consent.
One Small Insight Into How the Media Functions
The evolution of cities - Elisée Reclus
Group finally claims responsibility for the detonation of the Employers Union in Athens last November, stating that it was in response to the deaths of four Workers in Aspropyrgos due to lax safety rules, and the positioning of profit above people
Am I the only Person that thinks The 'Wage Gap' argument is White Supremacist and Misandrist if it Chooses to Ignore the gap for Male minorities?
Turkey rounds up academics who signed petition denouncing attacks on Kurds
Out of all the subs I post on, I've ONLY been banned from /r/anarchism.
If you had to fight alongside one of the following reactionaries during a revolution, which would you choose?
Examples of anarchist societal structures top to bottom
People who say suicide is selfish are the real selfish ones
Ancaps love their false dichotomies. Here's a discussion from r/Anarcho_Capitalism where ancaps are saying ancoms care more about equality than liberty and are happy to sacrifice liberty for equality.
/r/AskReddit talking about how people don't understand politics, taxes, stocks, and so on. Really goes to show that we shouldn't have them at all.
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up (TED talk by Yanis Varoufakis) [/r/occupywallstreet x-post]
"Donald Trump and the Politics of Resentment" new Arch Druid Report
YPS-Jin to women of the world: ‘struggle is the only way’
If a huao falls in the forest does anybody hear?
Letter to My Landlord
Anyone know any good anarcha-feminist blogs?
How do you feel about YPG conscripting soldiers?
r/offmychest discussing how the job application process is a dehumanizing waste of time.
Turkey would strike YPG in Syria as it did PKK in Iraqs Qandil, PM Davutoğlu says
Chicago Christian college seeks to fire professor for wearing hijab to show solidarity
An anarchist perspective on Carlos Lehder;while his beliefs were all over the board could he actually have been on to something in regard to central and south American narcotics being the Achilles heel of imperialism how can one analyze him with a anarchist lens
My US Gov. Midterm
Aboriginal women say they were sterilized against their will in hospital (xpost r/socialism)
Mime mimics a cop in public
Rojava’s recent events, January 14 2016
Have black blocs ever been used to fight homeless sweeps or evictions?
Anarchist response to the State of the Union Address
Who defines oppression?
Can anyone tell me about the Worker's Solidarity Alliance?
Question for ancoms- What incentivizes people without hierarchy?
Online edition of the situationist film - Can Dialectics Break Bricks? (1973)
Power in India: Struggle for Tribal Autonomy and Ecological Democracy
The End of Corporations – Decentralized Organization w/ Matan Field, Backfeed CEO
Bolshevik good guy Lenin (Emma Goldman - My Further Disillusionment in Russia)
Jewish settlers bore into Palestinian children's bedroom
Bernie Sanders vs. the Corporatocracy
Protest in Tunisia "kasserine province"
Modern Capitalist Colonialism in Africa article
The president forgot to mention all the deaths, foreign &amp; domestic, done by the state
Reflections on Len Bracken's "Aphorisms Against Work"
Heads-up: Serial rapist anti-feminist neonazi RooshV is building up his own extremists army: on February 6th RooshV organizes local meetings at 8pm in 165 cities from 43 countries, under his command. Can we warn the girls in these locations? (x-post /r/socialism)
Oregon standoff and a clear case of white privilege
What would be a less extreme version of National Anarchism?
I need a reading recommendation, extra points if a hard copy exists.
Who's your revolutionary idol?
live from burns oregon
How Can I Explain Anarchism?
Actions in solidarity with la ZAD, by some anarchists in Australia
Turkey’s ‘deep state’ terror squads: the ‘spycops’ licensed to kill
Getting ready to write my highschool English paper on anarchism
some anti capitalist stand up comedy
Penny Rimbaud - "Oh America"
If anarchism had a sound, what would it be?
Apparently it's pretty easy to shim padlocks. You're welcome comrades.
A Resolution (not my video)
How the West Undermined Women's Rights in the Arab World
Anarcha-Feminist Manifesto
When Police Kill Us, We Don’t Need To Apologize
London 2016; The terrain of struggle in our city.
When We Leftists are Criticized by the Right--"Comrades need to distinguish between rhetorical attacks on the left, and attacks on the oppressed. The latter should be met with an aggressive defense, the former often call for nuance and even introspection."
Rednecks with Guns and other anti-racist stories and strategies
Sam Harris, The New Fascists, and the "Kinder, Gentler Fascism" of the West
Anti-fascism in a nutshell
Europeans didn’t just displace Native Americans—they enslaved them, and encouraged tribes to participate in the slave trade, on a scale historians are only beginning to fathom.
Friday Free Talk
Thoughts on Privatization?
Anarchist and the public, some rambling and thoughts
On Optimism, Struggle, and Failure
Anarchist propaganda brainstorm
“I Can’t Breathe”: Leaked Police Cam Shows Handcuffed Oakland Man Screaming for Help Until He Dies
Why Black Lives Matter Protests Are Happening Across America
Masked Montreal cops go on violent rampage during undercover operation | A look back on the events of Dec. 18th, 2015
British Anarchists Arrested for Storming the Port with Refugees in Calais
Mein Kamf sells out in Germany
Help C4SS maintain their Tor relay node
The Choice is Ours (2016) Full Version (I know this won't be well received but it is rather interesting)
Indefinite teachers strike in Slovakia has started
History is made at night: The Battle of Arlingford Road: a Brixton Party raided in 1993
YPJ Commanders: We Have Struck At All Forms Of Patriarchal Power
Right wingers have started an armed occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge HQ in Oregon.
The Final Communiqué From The Red Army Faction (RAF) 'The revolution says: I was, I am, I will be again'
Address to Prisoners - Clarence Darrow (1902). A short essay that lays out a fantastic summary of the injustice inherent to Western courts and prisons, convincingly arguing that virtually every crime is a variation on poverty.
[MetaAnarchism]I'm so bored. find me here 18+
David Graeber on Usury and the Psychology of the Conquistadors
More than 50 cops in riot gear raid homeless encampment outside city hall.
Xenofeminism: A Politics for Alienation
Double standards cited amid armed protest in Oregon
Dyer Lum - Why We Do Not Vote (1885)
The Impossibility of Anarcho-Capitalism - Bunker Magazine
What do you think of illegalism, /r/anarchism?
Does the success of Wikipedia prove humans are willing to contribute without incentive?
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:agattaodaaasaaltsdoaittg
What's some good Anarchist/Socialist propaganda that can be easy to understand for people that aren't interested much in politics?
The Hierachy of Violence - Counterpunch
Sen. Rand Paul Speaks on Senate Floor Prior to 'Audit the Fed' Vote [that Failed] - Dec. 12, 2016
What do Anarchists think of islam?
Comrades in Valencia, Spain
How do you deal with people you work with finding out you're a radical?
Is violence justifiable?
CIA planned rendition operation to kidnap Edward Snowden
Anyone got a reasonable estimate on far right (eg neonazis) world wide vs numbers of leftists world wide : socialism
Look at the propaganda redefining anarchism out there.
The Poisoning of Flint’s Water
Rebel Diaz- "I'm An Alien" (Official Video HD)
Minneapolis: Noise Demo at the Jail
Confederalist Forces advancing from three fronts to connect Efrin with the rest of Rojava
We should look to the gender of the Cologne attackers - not their race
Free Punk/Anarchism Music Selection
Pray for Calamity: The Humiliated Masses
Slavoj Žižek: Political Correctness is a More Dangerous Form of Totalitarianism
TFSRadio: Support Nicole &amp; Joseph and Mumia Abu-Jamal's push for prisoner Hep C treatment
Mexican Anarchists calling themselves Bloque Niños bring toys and clothes to children in the slums
My special anarchy cut pizza
"Civil disobedience has many permutations"
what would you anarchists do if you won the $496 million lotto
New Babylon - the Kickass Anti-Capitalist Futurist City as Envisioned by Constant Nieuwenhuys
The open source revolution is coming and it will conquer the 1% - ex CIA spy
Pleasantville and Social Reproduction - "The most effective social controls are those that invite us to police ourselves"
Some words on the morality of international trade of goods. Somewhat flawed. By Leif Wenar on "Philosophy bites" podcast.
Portraits of Palestine's youth rebellion
Slightly old article article worth reading: Well-being determined more so by individualism than wealth
Gay Liberation Front Manifesto
Homeless return to Sacramento City Hall under political, legal cloud
Strikes: Keep them General and Wild
Denver Police Crowd Control Manual
France: Spontaneous march and flaming barricades in solidarity with the ZAD
EZLN January 1st release on the 22nd anniversary of the movement surge.
Are you all real anarchists or pussies?
Can you be a true anarchist, as well as religious? Why or why not?
Do you ever get the creeping suspicion that anarchism haven't achieved or done anything?
Announcement: /r/IndividualAnarchism will be hosting a weekly reading group.
Does Anarchism need to change?
Coca-Cola's new "Taste the Feeling" ad campaign is "user-generated"... I went for the honest approach
Racism, Law, &amp; Politics (Race Part 1) | Philosophy Tube
Enbridge valve site sabotaged yet again
cyber-sq@ut via//: #Anarxia !
"Oh god an SJW! I must warn the internet!"
For those of you unfamiliar with permaculture, or those who've never taken Green Anarchism seriously.
PunkMakezine issue 1. Inc. D.I.Y Enclosede Ⓐ (A) keyboard Modification (DIY repost) No soldering!
Michael Moore on Twitter: "My NEW letter on Flint. "Do Not Send Us Bottles Of Water. Instead, Join Us In A Revolt."
Loldiers of Odin: Clowns spoof street patrols in Tampere
Rebel Diaz - American Spring
Does anyone dumpster dive?
Capitalism fosters Innovation!!!11!!
Homeless return to Sacramento City Hall under political, legal cloud - City ordinance prohibiting public camping may be unconstitutional
What do you think about Black Rose?
What does the death of American democracy mean for Anarchism?
Take conservatives seriously
Anarchist IRC?
An interesting discussion about people/society...
Is there nothing happening in North America?
Dover riots: Antifascists clash with British Far Right militants
Calais: migrants storm port and board ‘Spirit of Britain’ ferry
The rise of the feminist hacker space, and how to make your own
The Purpose Motive: RSA animate on the motivations/incentives for human behaviors such as work
Fallout 4 anarchist mod (cosmetics only)
George Carlin - Voting is meaningless
The Onion, absolutely on point again at the way work treats you like property while you're there.
At Copenhagen Central Station: A welcome for refugees
Why Misogynists Make Great Informants
Activist found stabbed inside burning California home just days after he said police would kill him
The War Against the Cowboys
Denmark Passes Law Allowing Confiscation Of Refugees' Valuables
TFSRadio: Trans Prisoner Day of Solidarity &amp; Action / State of Emergency in France
Come join /r/qualitynews a new alternative to the fascist /r/worldnews
Please explain how an Anarchist can justly be a Communist.
Question to the "revolution now!" type of people
Cap Cop Cup / double catch
New video from Vermin Supreme's militant arch-enemy!
"I Challenge You!" - Vermin Supreme takes a stand against space fascism
Fraternal Order of Police gets HACKED!
Band's name triggers protest
A Redditor writes about modern day corruption...
"The armed white people trying to dissolve a national wildlife refuge are not practicing terrorism, they are practicing enclosure."
France hit by massive industrial action, in public sector general strike
January 22nd: Noise Demo For Trans Prisoners in Minneapolis
Occupants of a Danish Town say they would prefer a biker gang to refugees, the biker gang say they should focus their anger on real issues like NATO Imperialism, the Politician class and the Oil Industry
Damn Man Uses His Head To Bust Through A Window After Being Locked Inside For Shoplifting!
PDF zine: My Vegan Straight Edge is Anything but White: An indigenous anarchist critique of speciesism and intoxication culture
BLM MLK jr. Day protest
Any ex-anarchists here who are now Marxist-Leninists?
What are some Good Sources of Video Interviews or Debates with Anarchists/Libertarian Socialists?
Does anyone know why Reddit disapproves of this comment so much?
Check out this new subreddit for making fun of "an"Caps, /r/AynCrap!
A legacy of shame: Canadian mining companies leave behind decades of violence in Guatemala
BBC Radio 4 - Mark Thomas: The Manifesto, radio comedy series by anarchist standup comedian Mark Thomas.
"When people stop believing that one person has the right to rule over another, it ends." Larken Rose
Elisée Reclus: On Revolution and Evolution
[Anarchism] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
'Paradise Is in This Life, Not the Next': The Marxists of Gaza Are Fighting for a Secular State
And The War Has Only Just Begun (Et la guerre est à peine commencée)
Apploitation in a city of instaserfs: How the “sharing economy” has turned San Francisco into a dystopia for the working class
11 Most Anti-Capitalist Quotes from Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Dawn of Capitalism (wow get a load of this bullshit!)
Mapping the emerging Post-Capitalist paradigm and its main thinkers
Please help Anarchist Artist Natali Cohen Vaxberg, recently arrested for the fourth time for defacing the Israeli flag.
Is anyone here a gun nut?
autodelete unsticky thread
Michigan needs someone to run for Governor on an anti-racist, pro-clean water, activist-centric, "Dear Non-Voter" campaign.
Oh, r/DebateFascism, how you make me hate people.
How an ancap thinks he can "#rekt" us, while putting away groceries to show that he is just an average Joe.
The Dark History of Liberal Reform
Our comrades in Eugene, Or need some help. Anything will help.
How do you feel about uber?
Resistance or Revolution | Robert Graham's Anarchism Weblog
7 Cases Where People Spent Years Behind Bars For Crimes They Didn't Commit
Police 'used terror powers to spy on officers blowing whistle on racism'
Update on new repressions against CCF &amp; Nikos Romanos (Korydallos Prison, Greece)
Demonstrators break windows, throw chairs and set off fire alarm to stop talk by former head of Israeli Secret Service in London
I asked /r/russia how Russians feel about capitalism and thought this subreddit might be interested
Chicago Cops Say Keeping Evidence of Misconduct Puts Cops in Danger – So They’re Destroying It
New App Encourages People To Turn Smartphones On Criminal Activity Instead Of Police Miscounduct
Protest for Ethiopian civil rights blocks downtown Seattle streets
When the Truth Hurts, Tell a Joke: Why America Needs Its Comedians
"The Wikimedia Foundation's top decision-making body is now run by corporates"
omionu rpgrvh axg rsyyk teodn jrxeth ioebvf zs
What would a society look like following the 'abolition of race/gender'?
Is anyone interested in collaborating to publish an online newspaper?
Police in Rojava :(
Some musings of Donna Khoti
Ancient Roman graffiti is important to archaeologists and historians because it gives voices to the lower class. Almost all literature from the time is from rich/sponsored free men.
Books on American Union and Labour Movements?
The Mine Wars (documentary)
Is Sanders a Political Rebel?
Women In Baltimore Public Housing Were Forced To Trade Sex For Basic Repairs
Fuck the Border
The Political Scientist Who Debunked Mainstream Economics (x-post /r/makhaevism)
Racialising sexism is no good for women
Former Soviet Citizen Confronts Socialists at Occupy Wall Street
Founder of White People Meet: Don’t call me racist, ‘I dated a black woman once’
An Interesting Piece On The Development Of Reddit's Censorship: "Dear Reddit, watching you is like seeing an old friend die slowly from cancer"
Making a Murderer depicts miscarriages of justice that are not at all rare
Sam Harris, The New Fascists, and the "Kinder, Gentler Xenophobia" of the West
Zine #1: International Trans Prisoner Day of Action and Solidarity – January 22nd 2016
Today They Try to Break the Public Unions (in America)
Chicago Police Department To Monitor All Interactions With Public Using New Bullet Cams
Woman's Expulsion From Florida Airport Is Just One Example of Everyday Transphobia
What is wrong with people?!
The USSR vs socialism, Noam Chomsky
The Significance of Lysander Spooner
Flobots - Fight With Tools
Some Rojava discussion?
Dyer Lum: On Anarchy (
Poem I wrote from a perspective of a depressed former Soviet revolutionary during Stalin's purges.
Why doesn't every anarchist go to Rojava right now?
How would you rank your willingness to work with these equally not anarchist groups?
cologne attacks
The entitlement of the rich can be shocking
[X-Post badcopnodonut] Florida medical examiner: Inmate locked in a hot shower for two hours until his skin slipped off died an "accidental" death.
Germany bans farright platform, arrests 2. /r/worldnews goes apeshit over this. Seriously, don't read the thread if you wanna stay in good mood
Silent no longer: confronting sexual violence in the left
The Far-Right Revival: A Thirty-Year War?
"From Herbert Marcuse to the Earth Liberation Front: Considerations for Revolutionary Ecopedagogy"
Artificial Abundance and Artificial Scarcity: a review of Paul Mason's "Postcapitalism"
Revolutionary Anti-Racist Action or Revolutionaire Anti-Racistische Actie was a Dutch Revolutionary group... active in the 1980s and 1990s within the Netherlands, bombing sites to express opposition to the apartheid policies of South Africa as well as to the Dutch asylum legislation.
A woman's place (x-post /r/socialism)
[Anarchism] Donna Dorsey - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Chumbawamba - Enough is Enough (antifascist song)
Olympia, Washington Counter Surveillance Network
Cola Wars: Coke Stirs Outrage With Map Showing Crimea As Russian
Police, Neo-Nazis work together in clashes with migrants in Calais
How do you all feel about the concept of human rights?
Does anyone else think that reading about the law leads them more towards anarchism?
Seeking advice for questions about community organizing
British Police News?
Living Utopia Doc.
CHICAGO POLICE RECRUITMENT NUMBERS DOWN!
Faces of the Nihilist
Language: Origin and Meaning
How /r/european sees itself...
The Tiny House Fantasy: The tiny house movement embraces individualistic visions of property while ignoring the real causes of housing insecurity.
"Affirming the Concept of Progressive Militant" Presented by One Struggle OS ( 5) : One Struggle : Free Download &amp; Streaming : Internet Archive
Pray for Calamity: The Complexity of Simple
Anarchy Date - Queer Rocket(heard this on Night Vale)
Fifty Churches Just Offered Safe Haven to Central American Refugees Facing Deportation
Chinese villagers rebel after government workers cut down their trees
'Why should the worker be paid for their work?' - Reddit valiantly defends Microsoft, one of the largest tech companies in the world, from an intern.
Princeton Study: Bears Shit In The Woods (and the U.S. No Longer A Democracy)
Any other anarchists interested in "cuckolding" or "wife swapping"??
How can I remain anarchist despite the waves of sexual attacks on women by refugees on new years?
Raoul Vaneigem - Gangrene can start from the smallest wound
How about some resources directly relevant to present-day issues?
How do you debunk a Stalinist who thinks North Korea is a paradise?
If I watch ALL the best conferences and interviews by great professors, philosophers, political activists and intellectuals, as well as ALL the best documentaries as recent and past struggles, AND ALL the best content on Reddit...
when did you first GET IT?
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my addn
OCAP Launches Online Community Organizing Course: Community Resistance to the War on the Poor
Against His-story, Against Leviathan
Peasants' Revolt: The time when women took up arms
Canada’s missing: Thousands of lost or murdered indigenous women [x-post r/socialanarchism]
Global Capitalism: January 2016 Monthly Update 1. Stock Markets from China to New York: Dangers Looming in 2016 2. Deadly Oil Economics: Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Middle East Wars 3. Obamacare and the "Medical-Industrial Complex": Troubling Economics
The Drone Papers
Naomi Murakawa &amp; #BlackLivesMatter: Liberals, Guns and the Roots of the U.S. Prison Explosion
Kevin Carson: When is Capitalism Not Capitalism?
Is Fascism Back? by Robert O. Paxton
Germans shaken by mass attacks on women in Cologne at New Year
Poste Italiane branches attacked for their involvement in deportation of migrants (Turin, Italy)
All the News You Didn't Even Know Was Going Down - IT'S GOING DOWN
Your opinion on Islam?
Crime and Police during revolution
Doesn't seem like there's an anarchist philosophy subreddit so I'll ask here. Are you nihilist, existentialist, or absurdist?
Reminder: /r/agitation still exists
Suggestions for anarchist fiction?
Telegram groups for /r/anarchism and other anarchists
Jason and Jeremy Hammond, twins from Chicago who are both political prisoners, have a birthday coming up this Friday.
Flint Residents Told That Their Children Could Be Taken Away If They Don’t Pay For City’s Poison Water
Book Review: A Girl Among the Anarchists
TFSRadio: Self organizing squats, free mass transit, and thoughts on infiltration from ARadio Berlin &amp; Crna Luknja
'Blood And Earth' Shows How Two Modern Evils Are Linked: Slavery And Environmental Degradation.
Srsly Wrong - 62 - Should We Abolish Work? (Interview with anti-work advocate Nick Ford)
Less Work, Less Government (Not More)
The oppressive libertarians have come up with a new shitshow: "How to fix prison, Silicon Valley-style"
Spain: Complaint over council's mini portrait of king
Rethinking Civilization - Crash Course World History
(Xpost from Meta) Discussion: Time for rules to be voted
The UN's special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories has tendered his resignation, because of continued refusal on the part of Israel to allow him entry into Palestine.
George Carlin: The Illusion Of Choice
A provocative video to ponder-Why Are You Telling Me?
They've created hell on earth.
reactionaries are weaponizing assault victims to perpetuate their racism
Schools and Transgendered Students. I need some opinions for a case for equality and acceptance
We need more open critics of islam on the left
Is Anarchy your goal?
How to overcome social exclusion of Transgender and Transexual communities, in highly conservative societies?
#Rojava - awareness &amp; solidarity powered by female:pressure
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my aoi
The November 18th Uprising in North Minneapolis
[Meta] [Multi] - Hey all, I've created this multi-reddit; was wondering if anyone had suggestions for adds
An Original Song About Our Lack Freedom
Protest shuts down Israel lobby group at Chicago LGBTQ conference
In honor of my banning from /r/ProtectandServe, Y'all should enjoy spectating cops opinions on the "causes of current public LE perception"
The unbelievable story of why Woody Guthrie hated Donald Trump’s dad
Linking to r/metanarchism and r/anarchism from Drama and Reactionary subreddits is now against the rules (Link to r/metanarchism post, please comment there not here)
Notes on the Malheur refuge occupation
Not sure how you guys feel about Vice, but here's a video they did on US's corrupt bail system
Voice and the Voiceless: What Does “No Platform” Mean in the Donald Trump Saturated Media?
Former Baltimore Cop Describes Why Police Behave the Way They Do
No Lamps, No Candles, No More Light: Patriarchy on the Left
The new way police are surveilling you: Calculating your threat ‘score’
Metanoia Films - "Lifting the Veil" - (Democracy vs Capitalism)
A character in Bojack Horseman just mentioned Emma Goldman in his rock opera
"Political Correctness"
reactionary masturbation over at /r/news
Refugees Arriving in the UK Are Being Forced to Wear Red Wristbands at All Times
"Stump the Trump" can we make this the background banner for the next few weeks?
4 Reasons Why #RhodesMustFall in Oxford – and Everywhere Else
Hillary Clinton’s Top Financial Supporter Now Controls “The Onion”
Germany starts confiscating refugees' valuables; Denmark finalizes bill to do same
Trans Students Have Caused Zero Incidents In Public Restrooms
Man found stabbed inside his burning home in Fresno last week is confirmed to be John Lang, a police accountability activist who predicted the Fresno Police would kill him just days prior to his death
Rage Against the Machine- Without a face
David Bowie was a rapist
Passing on the degeneracy from father to daughter
Bundy's Oregon Occupation Is Capitalist at Its Core
I am watching Slacker (from 1991), I forgot about the scene with the old-man anarchist...
"Black Rage" Ms Lauryn Hill
The Deep Green Resistance Strategy
Midterm question
62 Percent of Trump's Retweeters Are 'White Supremacists'
From a Crimethinc interview with Chilean Militant Luciano “Tortuga” Pitronello: 'For me, there isn’t a big difference between a comrade who carries a bomb in their backpack or one who carries a book.'
Recommendations for anarchist historians?
What are your thoughts on the Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK)?
Any Anarchists in Northern Virginia?
Anarchists to read?
Good propaganda lines?
20th Internation Day Against Police Brutality. Montreal: March 15 2016, 8pm. Corner Garnier &amp; Rachel.
Shooting of Kurds waving white flag caught on camera (GRAPHIC VIDEO)
Hundreds March Against Murder of Noel Aguilar by LA Sheriff's Deputies
(Xposting this from meta for more discussion) Proposal: Raise money for causes decided democratically.
It’s not just Flint: Environmental racism is slowly killing black people across America
A Day in Libertopia
Urge to kill just went up 1000%
Brown Water, Coming To A City Near You!
Im a Slut; So WHAT!? Sexual Autonomy
Weakened, cold and starving to death in Syrian town [x-post r/socialanarchism]
Does anyone have an idea of a book or a ressource that lays down a general idea of how would a borderless world work?
Insurrectionary Anarchists, Indigenous People, and Pipelines
[Anarchism] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Amusing Ourselves to Death - Neil Postman
Banning of Tyler the Creator Reveals a UK Government Struggling to Define 'Terrorism'
Spain's Catalonia region faces fresh elections after a small anti-capitalist party, the CUP, refused to support the pro-independence leader Artur Mas--"The CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy) wants Catalonia to have a socialist economy with power devolved to local assemblies."
What are the best books to read about the Yippies?
uy xugwd lixeberd ep f vw avboxo s xol
How pervasive is the pro/anti-Israel divide in far left circles?
A poem by Subcomandante Marcos about the conditions of the Indigenous and all oppressed people of the world within the frame of the dominant ideology
Political Prisoners’ Birthdays in February (2016). Send a card to help remind these freedom fighters that they aren’t forgotten.
Reactionary tries to argue that protesting is 'undemocratic'
Violence erupted and bricks were thrown as groups demonstrating against immigration clashed with anti-racism protesters in Dover.
Respectfully asked a question on /r/Anarcho-Capitalism, already the first comments are angry and condescending.
Possible (likely) Link Between Increased Suicide and Increased Austerity
An Act of Terror: Deporting a Kurdish Activist Back to Turkey
Washington Post Columnist Gets the Boot for "Focus[ing] Too Much on Issues Like Worker Power"
Bloc Party: You Can’t Sit With Us
Work Ain't Got No Class: The Non-Idle Rich vs. The Overworked Poor
Imam arrested after 'blasphemer' teen cuts off his hand
Whitesboro residents vote to keep controversial racist village seal
NY Gov Cuomo orders all homeless into shelters
Police arrest prostitute after her online ad tells police to save gas money for doughnuts
Is the a 'Feed the People' or something similar happening in Detroit?
Anarchy Comics
Ken O'Keefe's new World Citizen Solutions project.
Yet again, worldnews rabidly bashes immigrants and cheers closed borders
Does anyone understand why the Left is failing in Europe?
Chicago Police Have Been Sabotaging Their Dash Cams
BLM MLK jr. Day protest in Denver
Movement Spaces Must be Sanctuaries (Speech)
Bookchin - The Threat of Ecological Fascism
'The Big Short': A Tale of Stupidity, Greed, and Corruption
Ella Baker: My theory
Anyone know a critical analysis of "drug addictions" in Social Movements, and society in general?
Turkey doesn't talk, they just shoot
[Anarchism] I invite you to visit! The meeting will be unforgettable! 18+
Materialism, Scientism, and Ideological Anarchism w/Mark Corske
Homeless Woman Who Protested War Outside White House For 3 Decades Straight Dies At Age 80
Crisis and Opportunity for Latin America's Left-Wing Movements [x-post r/socialanarchism]
Breaking news: protesters occupy federal building in solidarity with jailed comrades, demand government land be returned to the working class. Support needed!!!
“Anarcho”-Capitalist Interrupts Bernie Rally, Violates NAP
Chomsky proves he's a full fledged liberal - would vote for Hilary Clinton
Why I'm choosing to vote in the next U. S. election cycle
San Diego (A) Team?
South Africa girls given student grants to remain virgins
Happy 95th birthday Murray Bookchin! Bookchin salutes everyone with icecream!
First Communique of the Individualists Tending Toward the Wild (2016)
Very interesting and insightful essay on plagiarism, property, and patents: The Ecstasy of Influence
Putting 11-year olds in Detention Prisons Is Sifting Through the Political Hot Air of an Election Year
Interview with John 'Bosco' Jones, International Brigader and Anti-Fascist Activist in East London during the 1930's. (1985)
62 Percent of Trump's Retweets Are 'White Supremacists'
History, Civilization, and Progress: Outline for a Criticism of Modern Relativism - Bookchin
Stephen Hawking Warns Humanity: Leave Earth Before the Ruling Class Destroys It
Love Me, I'm a Liberal - Phil Ochs
Confessions of an Israeli Traitor
Roberts Rules of Order v. Consensus Process v. Dynamic Facilitation
When Taliban offer you gold: Afghan youth in crisis?
The Realities of Dating Your Best Friend
The UN library announced its most-checked-out book of 2015: "Immunity of Heads of State and State Officials for International Crimes"
Plutocracy, A workers' History of Exploitation and Rebellion - Metanoia Films
Grassroots Media in an Increasingly Digital World
TateShots: Linder "British artist Linder Sterling talks about art and punk rock."
Anarchy as Whack-a-Mole
[Anarchism] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
"I am not a crook."
The Onion go to shit soon. It was bought by Univision, one of Clinton's top campaign contributors.
'Hundreds' of masked men beat refugee children in Stockholm
Why are you personally an anarchist?
Lenin died 90 years ago. Good riddance.
Some experience on fb with the whole "small bussiness is amazing" crowd
What's your opinion on Thomas &amp; Friends?
#liberalfeminism
Hey /r/anarchism, help me put together radical care packages for the homeless in my area!
Be careful with that recent statistic regarding wealth inequality
KKK flyers found on Midtown, AL lawns
Libcom's Organising Toolkit - guides to organising at work, in your local area and more.
Document: Snyder Admin Trucked In Clean Water for State Building in January 2015 – ten months prior to Governor Snyder publicly admitting there was reason for concern in Flint
Some Nice Truths the Oregon Standoff is Bringing to Light in its First Hours, Expressed in Hypothetical Headlines
Could body modification be a pathway to liberation?
Daily Crime Log - Cornell University Police assisted the NY State Police with a suspicious circumstance complaint.
Concentration camp construction machinery torched (Calais, France)
