At my wit's end trying to figure out why I have 4 unaccounted GBs of space eating up my storage-already did a full backup restore and deleted almost all of my apps and connected accounts
Random thing I'd like updated in OS X 10.12
Macbook pro keyboard rattle
Where does my iTunes gift card money go when I buy something such as a movie or tv show off iTunes?
PSA: Be careful what links you click. People are sharing a link that can crash your iPhone.
What Should I Buy Wednesday [January 27, 2016] - Your Weekly Purchase-Related Megathread
Smart Battery Case Peeling
Sideloading an iPad .ipa onto an iPhone without JB via Xcode 7
Messages on Macbook Air won't stop telling me I have two unread messages when I don't
Looking for Beta Testers for AppleTV App!
How Does the Apple TV 4 Compare to Consoles?
Does anyone still use 3rd party keyboards?
siri auto-off?
Barclay Financing A Second Time
TIL HDMI-CEC works both ways (can control Apple TV using TV remote)
Talk of Apple removing the 3.5mm headphone jack - will it *really* affect us?
Are there cases for iPad Pro that protect the back of it but will still let you use the smart keyboard?
Video Editing App That Allows Speed To Be Changed?
iPhone upgrade conundrum
Has anybody with the 6+ had a case that caused the phone to act slow, flicker, or do things on the screen?
Frustrated with the Thunderbolt Display
PSA: NVRAM/PRAM reset turns off Find My Mac
Apple Could Leapfrog Amazon, Google And Alibaba With A Netflix Acquisition
Apple made more revenue from iPhone in a single quarter than Google has ever made from Android
iPhone and iPad Safari crash is now fixed
Timeline of the product Apple iMac
How to Downgrade iOS 9.3 to iOS 9.2
With record sales in 2015, Apple looks to open its branded stores in India soon
ASRock BIOS update addresses Intel Skylake CPU bug
Apple CEO Tim Cook demands Obama White House formally defend Americans' right to strong encryption
How to Troubleshoot Mac Mail
What is all of the information that is saved when I merge my iCloud with Safari?
Apple plants in Cork evacuated amid security threat · TheJournal.ie
Apple Releases iOS And OS X Updates With Bug Fixes And Performance Improvements
App Store Weirdness
The $1500 Apple Watch Hermes edition will finally be available to buy online this Friday
Apple 3.2 beta "Night Swift" - Basically a rip off F.Lux
Apple iPad mini 4 specifications
Apple radi na novim bežičnim Beats slušalicama sa bežičnim punjenjem za iPhone 7
Win an Iphone 6
Don’t Believe Headlines That Claim OS X Was The “Most Vulnerable” Software of 2015
IPHONE 7 PLUS SAID TO GET A NEW STORAGE OPTION
Apple CarPlay: Does Your Car Support it? – Tech News Today
Breaking: Apple Posts Record Earnings - What The Market Got Wrong
Drawing on iPad Pro w/ Apple Pencil using the Notes app
Highly Credible Apple Analyst Suggests iPhone 7 Plus Will Feature a Dual-Lens Camera System
Better Touch Tool is going to be a paid app, are there any alternatives?
Does the app, Sleep Cycle work while the phone is locked?
Apple should improve integration between iTunes and Apple Music
Do I have to restore my iPhone 6+ (ATT) on iOS 8.4 to have the phone fully unlocked?
Anonymous Warns SEC - 'FEAR' Bots
24 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2016
GrubHub's redesign of its app is very, very familiar of Seamless's app design
How do I make a hard drive accessible by multiple devices?
Any other Apps for listening to music??
FileVault causing problems on internal trackpad and keyboard.
IPhone 6s+ screen registering touches incorrectly
Is apple releasing a new macbook air in 2016 ?
Apple Hires Highly Respected Virtual Reality Researcher
Automatically fill with free space not working?
Having the issue caused by international roaming where my iPhone 6s battery display bar stopped updating. Please help!
iPhone upgrade program
help with using a playlist with itunes and apple music songs
From Nexus 6P to iPhone 5S: First couple days.
12 inch rMB battery down 10% in 30-40 min. Seems poor to me. Am I crazy or is that normal?
MacBook Pro at work - Docking Station vs Adapters
Preserving Macbook Battery: Plugged in or no?
iPhone 6s Plus 128GB 2-3 seconds freeze upon unlocking (xpost from /r/iPhone)
iMessage on iCloud.com
I just replaced the hard drive in my Macbook and it works great and I just want people to know.
cool 3D Touch functionality
MacBooke Pro Apple ID (iMessge) Texting
Apps to resize picture and drag it onto another picture like in Photoshop?
How Old Is Your iPad?
Authentic iPhone Power Adapter?
Can I stream video from PC to iOS device?
What does your home screen look like?
Good quality and affordable Bluetooth headphones?
Can someone post a video/pictures of how to upload a live photo to Facebook?
Self-Promotion Saturday [January 02, 2016] - Your Weekly Self-Promotion Megathread
Apple hires Doug Bowman VR expert
Apple seeks nod to open India stores amid concerns of slowing sales growth
Authorized Apple Store in Kochi, Kerala | All Essential Information Including Addresses and Contact Details
Viral App STOLEN Shuts Down
Looking for Signs That Apple’s Runaway Growth Is Waning: Investors have long relied on Apple to deliver one crucial attribute: growth. Now they are beginning to wonder whether Apple’s days as a growth stock are coming to an end.
Todo sobre Apple
H. Moser &amp; Cie. Swiss Alp Watch
MSI Vortex - a powerful compact gaming tower
4-inch iPhone is already in production house and it will target emerging markets
How App Store superstars welcome new users
TECH Tim Cook's talk about 'Android switchers' is getting old: One of the main reasons iPhone is in decline is because Android has been surprisingly resilient
Rumor: Muy pronto Apple Store en México
Someone actually made a petition regarding the iPhone 7 headphone jack rumour...
Did you know an Alphabet/Google exec is also a chairman at Apple? When did the sour relationship between Apple and Google come back to normal, after Apple removed Eric Schmidt from the board?
A fake bomb threat was issued for Apple's operations in Ireland
Apple Campus 2 Construction
Apple Acquires Education Analytics Company LearnSprout
Apple: Users Spent $1.1 Billion on the App Store Over the Holidays
Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design
iPhone users: Chrome for iOS will save your data
iPhone 7 to feature flexible OLED screen made by Samsung
Apple’s job claims a little fuzzy – New Zealand Herald
Valencell Files Suit against Apple and Fitbit
Apple to start charging for iTunes Radio
How to download YouTube Videos on iPhone without jailbreak
Has anyone used a Surface? I really need OS X on a portable tablet that can easily be transformed into a laptop with good speed. I don't think Apple would be wrong to start offering OS X on an iPad, or at least offer a new product line for this.
I got an iPad 1 - help :D
Any way to avoid terrible CD insertion noise on Macs?
I'm still having to restart my phone because app updates hang. I'm on 9.3 anybody else having this issue?
iPhone 6's battery percentage randomly changes
iPhone 6 battery life issue
Desktop web shortcut for windows and mac - Help!
Can you damage an iPhone 6s by keeping on low power mode all the time?
Problem with AppleTV 4 and Netflix
Can I delete my iTunes library?
Apple Enthusiasts on Twitter?
How to remove the subtle fading transition on iOS?
If iTunes is Split (Music, Video etc) with equivalent stores, a "For you" "New" "Connect" would be awesome for each category.
"Hey Siri, I just ate 250 Calories"...."Ok X, you have 1250 remaining"
r/Apple unofficial snapchat account 'r.AppleSC'
MacSnap Plus 2??
Alternative of iCloud Drive?
Full resolution iOS 9 wallpapers
Choosing between 15" MacBook Pro Retina w/ and wo/ dedicated graphics
Apple business card collection. Finally got Fifth Ave
Battery case for iPhone 5/5S with Lightning Port? (No micro USB needed)
Apple needs a better and faster bluetooth connection settings now more than ever. What do you think?
TIL you can peek on Instagram with a long press
Will what I just bought ruin the 'magnetization' on my phone? Feel like an idiot.
Retro Apple Stickers
If switching to Android...
What is he Best iOS Version for an iPhone 4?
Has anyone else had infuriating experiences with setting up iCloud's Keychain?
Would you be willing to take a short survey about the Apple Watch to assist with a design project? You can take it even if you don't have a watch and 2 participants will win an iTunes Giftcard! (xpost /r/applewatch)
Apple should make and iPhone for kids
iBridge vs iExpand USB external storage for iPhone
Is there a way to stop the bookmarks window from popping in when moving the cursor all the way to the left in Safari?
Why are songs that aren't available for streaming added to Apple Music Editor playlists?
Looking for PDF of List of Enhanced Dictation Commands
Google and Apple Are Making Great Progress with Self-Driving Cars
Apple store worker wows autism kid's mom
4,000 Apple employees evacuated amid possible bomb threat in Cork
Apple Smart Keyboard for iPad Pro
You're a god damn liar Siri
Deceiving Genius bar experience
The Apple Music UI team needs to get their shit together
Apple to launch 4 inch iPhone 5SE in March
Adobe and Chad Cameron (children's book illustrator) produce Bob Ross-esque "The Joy of Sketching" video series teaching painting techniques using the iPad Pro
So my wife just got up packed all her things and took both of my kids with her. Now I'm sitting in a deafening silent house. Everything I do and live for is my family. I feel so lost
iPhone 7 Plus likely to feature dual-camera system for better photos, 2-3x optical zoom
Anyone know what case this is?? More pics in comments
Permissions stuck on "Fetching" (El Capitan)
Replacing the Apple Logo on the back of my iPhone 6 Plus with an LED [x-post from r/DIY]
Apple Posts Record Earnings - What The Mark Got Wrong
If the iPhone 7 has a 32GB model as its base model, but then also released an iPhone 7 "lite" at 16GB and is $50 cheaper for those who didn't care about storage, would you be happy?
OS X 10.11.3 and iOS 9.2.1 - AirDrop is broken?
[Help] External Display Issue?
App Store problem
Can anyone help me figure out how to make a hidden album on my iPhone 6s+?
[HELP] Brother passed away and we can't get into his locked iPhone 6(maybe S). Any help at all will be much appreciated.
Fed up with Win 10 - Looking to buy a mac
iPhone blacklisted under one carrier. would it work for another?
Virtualbox questions
New iPhone 6 (straight out of the box)... already has horrible battery life and is slow?
How much faster is the 2016 rMBP than the mid-2012 rMBP?
A really nice change in iOS 9.3: The split keyboard on iPad mini has gotten a lot bigger
Which of these 3 MacBooks would you go with?
Question about 5k iMacs and SSDs
What to add to my apple collection?
Exterminating a 'crazy ant' settlement from the warm, cozy insides of an apparently dead Apple TV 3.
iTunes Match playing the wrong version of some songs
Apple's 2016 Year in Review (so far)
Is it just me, or do the "Play Next" and "Add to Up Next" buttons in Music do the same exact thing?
Is there a lack in service to Canadians by Apple at their stores and authorized resellers?
Why is my Apple Music deleted?
Is there any risk in using apps like Insomniax?
Sticky iPhone buttons, Best way to clean ?
Best Email App for iPhone?
David Bowie Blackstar Apple Music
Am I the only one who just doesn't care about Siri?
Horizontal screen lines on two different MacBook Airs, different models at the same time.
Is there a decent DJVu reader for OS X?
Apple Stock: What are your predictions?
Do the current iOS betas still prevent people from using iCloud backups?
Did it take 12 hours to restore my 80gb iTunes folder from a TM backup because the TM isnt on a SSD?
[Question] 3D Touch use in GTA LCS mobile ?
There is an app which allows users to turn normal videos into 'live photos'. This means that a video of any length (and quality) can be saved as your home screen!
How does a USB-C battery backup know to charge itself or charge the computer?
22 App Free ประจำวัน จำกัดเวลา วันที่ 23 มกราคม 2016
When the new MBP gets officially announced, will the current model get knocked down in price?
iPhone Service Center in Chennai
Apple ups App Store prices in seven more regions around the world
Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy
Here's How All the Technology in the iPhone Was Created by Socialism, NOT Capitalism
Do you know how to delete default apps from your iPhone?
I've heard a lot of rumors about updates this year... Apple Music Rumors anywhere (besides higher bitrates for streaming?)
Cool chick wanting a nice fuck..
I wrote about how Apple may look into "leasing" their hardware and would appreciate some of your thoughts on the piece
The 4 biggest challenges facing Apple's rumored wireless earbuds
Regulatory information hints at a faster 29W iPad Pro charger.
iOS 9.3 beta does things right: Brings new features without breaking the old stuff
Apple To Kill Free iTunes Radio
Apple Releases iOS 9.2.1 With Bug Fixes, Security Updates
Rumor calls for 256GB option on iPhone 7 Plus, but some details sound implausible
iPhone and iPad Safari crash is now fixed
Apple to open facility in Kanata, Ottawa Canada
Apple working with Beats to bring wireless earbuds to the iPhone 7
Grumpy review of the late 2015 5k iMac
Apple's 74.8M iPhones sold in 1Q 2016 breaks down to 34,000 iPhones per hour, 24 hours a day for 13 weeks.
What would your perfect iOS weather app be like?
How good is the 5s today ?
Q: Alarm-clock not playing audio from headphones
Has anyone gotten their iphone 6s water damaged, or had it survive water?
Why can't Apple make the volume bar, play, fast forward, and rewind buttons larger and put more distance in-between them?
I forgot an old icloud email
How to view iMessages on my iPhone only?
Mac shut down?!
Futureproofing - Should I get a 6 or 6s?
Factory reset question...
What's wrong with my MacBook?
Smart keyboard connection issues
Is El Capitan actually 100% "buttery smooth for everyone"?
Dish streaming problems on iMac.
Having problems downloading public beta 9.3
Some additional information regarding the iOS 9.3 and OS X 10.11.4 Education Features
Need help/advice with buying new mac
How can I add my hotmail contacts on my phone to icloud?
Just a thought: Apple reduced iPhone 6s orders by "30%" free up manufacturing capacity to make the rumoured iPhone 6c?
iTunes Restore Error
Macbook pro for video editing
Anyone know of a way to extend the Final Cut pro x trial?
Connection Monster bluetooth Earbuds to Macbook Pro, HELP!
Windows Fanboy, moving to iPhone.
To celebrate a Happy New Years Day I'm giving my game out for free! (x-post r/indiegames)
mail app not working after installing new software on my new macbook pro (10.11.2)
Apple tech (over phone) put my phone into recovery mode.. It froze &amp; wont go back. Options?
Ever wondered what the use of the eject key is on most Macs other than to eject the disc drive? (most don't use it or have one)
iPhone 6 not restoring through iTunes
ios mail app - after 8 years of updates is it STILL not possible to collapse folders in your inbox ??
Why doesn't OS X include an uninstaller for programs?
Trading in an iPhone 6, keep or remove SIM card?
Is an external USB 2.0 SSD pointless?
it would be nice if they add haptic feedback on the 3D Touch Action to the Assistive touch icon.
Pressing the lock button and both volume buttons at the same causes a short vibration
Canadians and Australians, you should prepone your Apple purchases
Users in r/iOS9 find that iOS 9.3's new Night Shift mode is hardware locked to 64-bit phones
Does anybody know if theres a way to have scriptable physical buttons connected to my mac?
TIL: Quick tip to save battery from Location Services
Does anyone recognize this OLD comic maker for the mac? Sample output in imgur
When will apples' things come to the rest of the world?
Do you think we'll see Netflix-like service from Apple?
Traffic Conditions Popup
Apple needs a way to organize the "Purchased" section.
Can I use an apple gift card for a down payment on a new phone, even though my plan is 0% down?
How Apple Stores Passwords
My experience going from a Macbook to a Lenovo
iPad gaming with a controller
Canadian Dollar
How come on my mac I can watch 1080p iTunes videos but not 1080p YouTube videos?
Exclusive: Samsung plans to bring almost all its apps to iOS
It Cost Google $1 Billion to Keep its Search Bar on iPhones
Does this mean, as an iTunes Match subscriber, that I will not longer be able to listen to any radio stations?
iPhone 7 May Come With No Headphone Jack?
Video clip allegedly shows the rumored 4-inch Apple iPhone
tvOS 9.2 beta 1 adds support for app folders, Bluetooth keyboards
Apple patent points to superior speaker technology on the iPhone 7
Where can you buy US iTunes Gift Cards when you live in EU?
Philips Power Potion 3000 Is A Beautiful Power Bank
Apple asks Indian government for permissions to open stores
Apple to update Apple Watch in mid-March with new bands, OS + full redesign in fall
ttoltsnd This is not a dating site, is a search a partner for hooking.NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT!
Download: Apple Releases OS X El Capitan 10.11.3 Final Version To The Public
Tim Cook explains why iPhone sales will decline for the first time in history next quarter
Apple has to pay 318 million Euros following tax fraud allegations
Report: Samsung to be Apple’s primary OLED display supplier as it invests up to $7.5B in readiness
Apple's Operating Systems are Malware - GNU Project
This is what today’s popular websites look like on the 1st generation iPhone
Apple Rant: A Pissed Professional
Apple to spend $80M on Campus 2 visitor center
iPad Pro Is Just A 'Companion Device' According To Microsoft
Replacing iPhone 6 logo with back-lit one
INTERNATIONAL DRAWING: 6S Iphone 16GB (Active until February 21 )
The sky is not falling on Apple or the iPhone: Despite Wall Street panic over soft iPhone sales, Apple's highly active users will keep the company in a sweet position
Apple’s Slowing iPhone Sales Take Bite Out of Suppliers’ Revenues
Apple iPhone sales to crash in 2016
LaCie announces external USB 3.1 (10 Gb/s) drive
50 FREE iOS Apps To Kickstart 2016!
iPhone 7 Plus May Have 256GB of Storage
Project RainMan
I want a touch-screen 27" iMac!
Anyone else's iPhone 6 sometimes goes to max/min volume by itself (and can't be changed)?
I just synched my iPhone 6 with an iPhoto album from my Macbook Air. Now, every single photo in iPhoto has been duplicated, and my MacBook is out of free space. What just happened?
Can't download anything big from the Appstore
What SSD shall I buy for an Early 2009 iMac?
Apple Music not connecting after 10.11.3 update.
A little help please!
Can you help me find a good mac laptop under 500 dollars?
Want a Mac Book Pro - Should I wait?
Should I get an Iphone if I have a Macbook
Considering getting an IPhone 5s and have some questions
gold iPhone 6 16gb
BootCamp simply not working
Looking for a neat dock that can hold my iPad Air 2 and my iPhone 6s.
iOS keyboard / spellchecker alternatives
Release date of 2016 Macbook Pro with Retina Display
Analysts are still bullish on Apple
Why are there so many fake apps on the Mac App store?
Why doesn't Apple just transition to a 2.5mm audio port?
Self-Promotion Saturday [January 16, 2016] - Your Weekly Self-Promotion Megathread
Is Apple Stores selling "Refurbished" iPhones as New? My experience says, "Yes".
Best iPhone 6S Case - Leather or Silicone?
Setting up a router to the MacBook Air
Happy Birthday iPad!
What are some good photo extensions for applying filters?
File management on iPhones
I'm totally at a loss for what's causing El Capitan to crash constantly
Did the Apple Genius forget to put screws back on after repairing my iPhone?
Can the iPad Mini play CDs?
Mac Safari Blocker for Fake Flash/Java Updater
Can a new Mac Mini handling Parallels?
Got fed up with waiting for Canadian banks to support Apple Pay
What's on your 2016 Apple Wish List?
For those of you who own the Apple Watch, how much use have you been getting out of it?
Need advise with new MacBook Pro A1332 battery purchase
Smoothing out bevel chip on iPad Air 2?
Are anyone else's apps not updating?
Apple has assembled large team for VR, has headsets prototyped: Report
Through hard work and a clear vision, my brother now has the number one game on the App Store. Color Switch!
Apple battery suppliers use cobalt mined by child laborers, report says
WARNING! If you send this link, it crashes their iPhone instantly (Metro article)
Live Images Of The Samsung Galaxy S7 Front Camera And Display Surface
Safari Crash Fixed by Apple - TLOGER
Got a new Mac coming tomorrow, how do I just transfer my files and iTunes stuff from my old Mac, without transferring all my other applications/info?
Is this the iPhone 6c? Video purportedly shows new 4-inch iPhone, looks just like an iPhone 6s
Apple may be facing US$8b tax bill in Europe probe
Microsoft Offering Up to $250 Off Band 2 With Apple Watch Trade-In
How Apple could become a TV powerhouse in one fell swoop
Apple Watch Request: When I set my timer on my phone, it would be good if the count down also displayed on my watch as well and vise versa.
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: 41e6ee0 to get 20 bonus coins.
Apple now opening four new Apple Stores in China this month alone, as it announces #31 and #32
2016 Top 5 iPad &amp; iPhone Video Converter
Apple expected to cut iPhone 6S, 6S Plus production by 30% in this quarter
Spotted Apple Pay at McDonalds in Canada
Anyone know any good iOS based HTML and CSS editors?
iPhone 7 Leaks 'Confirm' Apple Abandoning Headphone Jack
Does anyone have the link to the new Steve Jobs CNN Documentary?
Apple Registers 'Apple.car' and Other Auto-Related Domains
Apple Music reportedly approaches half as many paid subscribers as Spotify
Apple Seeds Second OS X 10.11.3 El Capitan Beta to Developers
Apple CEO Tim Cook Earned $10.3M in Fiscal 2015, Up From $9.2M in 2014
Apple Developing long range wireless charging technology for iOS devices
The 3.5mm jack has got to stay in the iPhone 7, Apple
Philip Schiller on Twitter - iOS 9.3
How Apple can take on Android from the inside
Griffin Introduces BreakSafe Magnetic USB-C Power Cable for 12-Inch MacBook
Where/how would one petition Apple to include a new emoji in the existing set?
Bringing ipad back to life
Anyone else having issues with Live Photos on Facebook?
Siri activates but does not listen
MacBook Pro Repair Extension questions.
iphoto has a question mark over it on macbook air
[QUESTION] Is Anyone Else Having Issues Updating iPads from 9.2 to 9.2.1?
iOS 9.2.1 bug?
Issues with Apple Music syncing between devices
Apple Music Family Subscription not sharing
I updated OS X to 10.11.3 and now iTunes is driving me crazy
El Capitan: To upgrade, or not to upgrade? (Mid 2012 MBP)
Safari not loading web pages properly?
Need some help in retrieving info from a locked iPhone and a MBP. Any advise?
ios 9.2 Group Chat. Message not received.
What are the advantages of having both an iPhone and a MacBook?
iPhone Tip: When taking photos of tall structures, use the panoramic mode but turn your phone horizontal.
Does Apple Music have Sync with Desktop?
New iMac Purchase: 512g Flash or 3tb Fusion Drive?
Is Apple becoming less Pro ?
Anyone here annoyed by being unable to activate the last Safari tabs when too many are open, on OSX?
I think I just killed the App Store
Safari unusable - OS 10.11.3
Question about Apple magic trackpad?
Any way to improve graphics performance on mid 2012 macbook air?
Using Macbook on external monitor, how do I disable the GPU from displaying on the laptop screen?
Suggested apps when plugging in headphones/aux cord.
Question about itunes gift card
What happened to Apple being the first 1 Trillion dollar company?
Which iMac on the Apple store has Skylake?
Is iOS 9.2.1 buggy for anyone else?
Backing Up to Amazon Cloud?
Steve Jobs and Lisa Brennan-Jobs
Free iOS apps?
iPhone 6 only has 2ft Bluetooth range
Duet Display app and gaming
Did Apple cripple the upload of burst photos?
rMBP dead pixel screen replacement
Email verification for appleid.apple.com?
Uneven backlight on iPhone 6s Plus
"Macs are for Entertainment"?
On iPad Pro with Apple Pencil, I love the draw tab option in Word.
Using IFTTT or Workflow (or a similar app), Can I have audio default to AirPlay when connected to my Airport Express?
Apple Unicorn!
22 App Free ประจำวัน จำกัดเวลา วันที่ 31 มกราคม 2016
Steve Jobs was right: Smartphones trump tablets
Apple paid 1% tax on $8 billion revenue in Australia. Apple Australia MD says: "We purchase our products on an arms length basis from affiliates"
Facebook Video Software
The Logic Pros: 3 overlooked tricks to keep your Logic sessions tidy and efficient
Apple is reportedly developing a wirelessly-charged iPhone for as soon as 2017
Apple bumps tvOS to version 9.1.1, adds Podcasts app
Tim Cook admits that the price of iPhones may be too high for a world that's getting poorer
WhatsApp now subscription free for all platforms
Apple Introduces Night Shift in iOS 9.3
Apple News App Is Off to a Rocky Start.
Apple May Be on Hook for $8 Billion in Taxes After Europe Probe
2016年Apple新製品一括まとめ！iPhone 7/6c, Apple Watch2, iPad Air3, 2016 Macbook最新情報届け！
Apple Has Bought A Mysterious Artificial Intelligence Startup That Can Read Your Emotions
iOS 9.3 beta released but full version not likely to hit phones for weeks
ESPN’s John Skipper on Apple TV streaming
Possible new import feature?
iOS 9 code suggests iPhone 7 could experiment with Li-Fi tech, likely confirms headphone jack going away
Steve Jobs Apple Campus Proposal to the City of Cupertino Council (2006)
Video: Fly with me into the port of San Francisco
Programmatically set your OS X background from 500px feeds
Buy Cheap Apple MacBook Air 13-inch Notebook Computer MJVE2LL/A Laptop (128 GB) NEWEST VERSION
Apple TV Sale at Radio Shack (US), 32GB &amp; 6' HDMI Cable for $120, 64GB &amp; Cable for $170.
Saw this app on a video in the Apple Store, does anyone know the name of this App?
Apple may be working on the next computing platform
Apple's OS X and iOS contain more bugs than any other OS/app, says CVE
Would Apple's rumored 4-inch 'iPhone 5se' be a premium or value-priced smartphone?
$12M govt subsidy to help Foxconn minimize layoffs fuels speculation of falling iPhone sales
15 shocking apple secrets
Apple - Press Info - Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results
iOS 9 is Now Installed on 75% of Active iOS Devices
Apple CEO Tim Cook: Virtual Reality is 'Really Cool', Has 'Interesting Applications'
Just got a brand new 2015 15in rMBP with top specs, came with Intel iris graphics instead of AMD, should I be concerned?
Very slight iOS 9.3 change found with CC sliders.
How to make the iPad more like a Mac without making it less like an iPad
iOS 9.3 beta allows you to manage which apps can access to the media library
How does the Apple mobile buy back scheme work?
Isn't it time wifi issues on Yosemite were fixed?
Streaming Media Storage Issues
iPhone 6Plus Stuck in Password Loop - Restore?
Why is my $1,000+ Macbook Pro completely incapable of playing music through Bluetooth?
Super Quick Question about screen damage
[Question] Is it possible to login to MacMini if the wireless mouse isn't working?
iOS 9.3 Bugs with Google Maps, Alien Blue, and Others
Is there an app for my CD backlog like the 'old' Music App(Before Apple Music)?
Can you recommend a MacBook Pro 13" daypack?
rMBP upgrade RAM or SSD?
Non-junk mail going into junk folder in iCloud
Excessive iPhone Battery Drain due to App Store?
Do you have your read receipts on or off?
Apple News for OS X?
iPad Pro, can one of you Apple Advocates explain it?
What happened to iBeacon?
You know what would be nice for Apple Pencil 1S?
Tech Support Thursday [January 28, 2016] - Your 2nd Weekly Tech Support Megathread
Opening an Apple Music playlist?
What is difference between flash storage and PCIe based storage?
Is Apple working on a VR headset?
Best time to buy Refurbished?
How does r/Apple feel about Steve Jobs?
Macbook air dead?
iPad Pro battery experience: How long does your iPad pro last?
Is it the control center in iPhone sometimes useless or is it just me?
Honestly, I don't think its for the sake of simplicity, I think apple is bad at adding tons of features.
Is there a database for tvOS apps?
Why does vibration occur when Siri is activated on all compatible models except 6s/6s Plus?
Connecting normal wired keyboard to ipad pro?
OS X El Capitan. Oh capitan, my capitan! The Wifi woes are gone (knock on wood).
Dashlane password accepted everywhere but on Mac?
MacBook Air - OK to purchase 1st gen or avoid?
Fitbit or Apple Watch?
I discovered that force touch is partially working in Chrome, is this new?
iPhone 7/6c/5se: What Is Apple Planing For Its Future Iphones?
Apple Working on Long-Range Wireless Charging for 2017 Release
Apple finally gets US sales ban on some Samsung phone features, but the ruling is practically meaningless
Apple News App Is Off to a Rocky Start
How do you use Touch ID to lock notes on iOS 9.3 beta?
Thunderbolt, A technology Apple invented is taking off in high-end PCs after 5 years
Apple Watch 2: Rumour Roundup
TaiG Will Soon Release a Jailbreak for iOS 9.2
The iPad Air 3 will reportedly be announced in March
iPhone 6s Plus vs Nexus 6p vs Lumia 950 XL
Apple May Have Cut iPhone Sales Forecast
Has anyone seen their white MacBook do this?
Microsoft just launched an iOS news app for some reason
Thinking about getting the 42mm Apple Watch Sport? Dont know if the Apple Watch will suite your lifestyle? Check out my review! Thanks and Enjoy!
My dad and I are trying out the new Music Memos app by Apple
I am looking for a classic spaceship game that was bundled with osx back around 2003
I wonder where Microsoft got the idea for their keyboard ;-)
Having trouble organizing compilation albums with the Music app
IPhone 6s plus tops android super phones in an tutu benchmarks
How much better than the iPhone 5 is the iPhone 6?
Today I tried Mac Paint
Any way to open link in new tab with Trackpad-only shortcut?
Is it worth it to buy an iPad Air 2?
Lego Star Wars Saga on sale in Mac App store for 50% off
This is a mod reminder that will self-destruct in two minutes.
Questions about the Thunderbolt cable 2m
Scraped the aluminum corner of my iphone 6. Any idea how to repair?
I think the recently released Apple Battery case is really indicative for what Apple is planning for the future...
iBooks syncs PDFs to iCloud in iOS 9.3
[HELP] Cant seem to send a message as a text message
When are the going to fix the e-mail client on the Macbook?! Man, does it suck.
Let's start an AT&amp;T grand-exodus petition based on their CEO's recent comments on encryption!
iPad Pro owners: those of you who thought the Surface 12+ screens were too big, but now like your iPad Pro: In your opinion what perception about big screens was wrong?
What's a good note taking app that automatically syncs across Macs and iPads?
If someone steals my macbook, will find my mac still work if they remove the hard drive?
iPhone Tip: Clear RAM by holding down the power button until the slide to turn off screen, then holding the home button until the home screen re-appears.
Lost phone. Find my iPhone showing duplicate phones?
My idea for a new naming concept for the iPhones moving forward.
The bottom line on the lock screen can also be helpful for charging in the dark
Owners of iMac (5K) and rMBP 13" (2013 model preferably)
I think my iPad is infected
