What song/lyric evokes the most vivid image in your mind?
What quote changed your way of thinking?
If artists were suddenly not allowed to use looks and sexuality to promote their brand and albums, which artists would fail and be quickly forgotten?
What is the hidden gem of your city? That nice secret spot, shop or anything?
Will you be taking the free upgrade to Windows 10 this Wednesday? Why or why not?
Serious. What's your favourite askreddit post?
If you could be any historical figure, what you do as them?
What should people be ashamed of for not knowing how to do?
What is to good to be True?
Me_irl is having a massive meme war that could last a century. What are your thoughts?
Parents in blended families, how do you compromise on how you raise your children together?
Where's Wally: Real Life Edition. What would be the funniest situation to find Wally in?
What happened to make you realize you were in love?
why on tv they show guys who might not be the dad? they think women cant cheat? what if they are not the mom?
[Serious] What jobs can you do where you really make a difference/improve someone other peoples lives?
What did you say no to this week?
What is the best Ikea "as is" purchase you have ever found?
Ladies, how do you determine when meeting a new guy (in any setting) whether he's real cool or "real cool and I think I'm into him"?
What do you wish you were better at?
Why are you terrible dating material?
What happened to the first person that you ever loved?
[Serious] What are some great ice breaker questions to ask in a business setting?
What is one thing you wish you could do dead or alive?
whats a good subreddit that helps move?
If Pokemon were real, what would you do?
Retail and service staff, what's been your worst experience with a customer so far?
What's your fear, rational or irrational?
What is the best diet plan for your girlfriend who is a fat cow?
What deserves more popularity than it has?
What is the formula to rescue the music industry?
[NSFW]What's your awkward boner story?
Drug Users of Reddit, How did you get started/hooked on any specific drug?
What dirty habits, that your friends have, do you ignore?
What's the most insensitive, pretentious or cringeworhty comment you've ever made and regretted saying immediately after?
Hilary or Trump and why?
How many meatballs would you be willing to shove up your ass for 1 million dollars?
Police of reddit: what cases did you walk away from laughing about?
How many times do you dry hump your SO during the day?
What's next to you right now?
What's your go-to nostalgic website?
What's the craziest/most one-in-a-million thing you've witnessed?
Parents of Reddit, What is the most cringe-worthy trend item that you bought for your child?
People of Reddit, do you like Jimmy Fallon? Why or why not?
Hybrid or electric or gas?
You are granted the ability to ask any celebrity or politician one question on live T.V. and they are unable to lie or avoid the question, who and what question would you ask?
[Serious] Not long ago a new planet known as planet X was discovered in our solar system. Does this mean that we could discover more new planets in our solar system in the future?
What is a song that emotionally devastated you?
What's the sketchiest sentence you can make using "suspicious" quotes?
What is something you wish could erase it from your memory?
If you got a girl pregnant and she said she was keeping it, what would you do?
What is the shadiest thing you have done for money?
What tips or anecdotes do you have for someone working in the fast-food industry as a part-timer?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
Who and how has someone greatly helped you change your life?
What is a great emoji, but nobody uses it?
Reddit, what was the most interesting moment that involved you drinking?
What movie would be really awkward if there was no dialogue?
People that shit with the door open, why do you do that?
What is your perfect Pizza?
[Serious] What's your favorite physical attribute about yourself?
What do you actually believe is better than sex?
Russians, what are your thoughts on "Stop a Douchebag"?
Is going to university really necessary to be successful in life?
I have about 4k comment karma, what is one comment I could make to lose it all?
[Serious]What are some tips for driving in storm Jonas, and driving in general?
What is the funniest video on youtube which will make me laugh?
What were you BORN to do?
What was an experience you had that you cannot explain?
Pianists of reddit, what is the best song to play to woo the ladies?
Who is your favorite T.V Actor or Actress &amp; Why ?
What was your biggest "Oh f**k, I should not have said that." moment?
If you could change exactly one thing about your country what would it be?
What happened during your childhood that changed everything for you?
What video game had an absurdly simple solution to the problem that the characters blatantly ignore?
What is something complicated to most, that you could explain well given three minutes to talk?
What no longer feels familiar to you and why?
What is the biggest "If only" of your life?
What's a good story to tell a dying old man?
Which is the most famous Reddit legend?
/r/fatpeoplestories has become /r/fatpeoplehate may we please get it banned?
If you could erase memories from your past would you? And why?
[Serious] If you could go back to any point in your life, and continue living from that point onwards with all the knowledge you have at this current point, what would you change?
What's one experience everyone should have in their lifetime?
[Serious]Shy people of reddit who are in serious relationships, When did you meet your S/O and how did you get over your initial nerves when you first met?
What is something that turned out to be way easier than you initially thought it would be?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen in person?
What's the best kind of person?
You are deemed the supreme leader of Reddit. What rule do you set in place?
What's that rock band movie about a guy who idolizes this band and then later on he gets a chance to join the band and become the lead singer only to find out it's not he thought it would be like?
What one thing do you make sure you do every day? (Serious)
Redditors, what is a story you've been waiting for the right thread to tell?
What is something for you that, the more it gets difficult the more you enjoy it?
If you could talk to the dead, who would you want to talk to first and why?
What nicknames does your significant other have for you?
What's the most entertaining/most obscure thing you've tagged someone as on RES?
What are some of the most interesting facts you know?
What is the scariest or creepiest thing you've encountered while being camping, hiking or the like?
Whats the shittiest thing you have done? "NSFW"?
When you meet someone for the first time, how do you know when to do a kiss vs a handshake vs a hug?
What song did you instantly fall in love with?
What movie gets a million times better when viewed high?
Are you doing what you believe in, or are you settling for what you are doing?
What is the riskiest thing you've ever done?
[Serious] The bible says priests are supposed to marry virgins, so why does the Catholic church require priests to be celibate?
What's the name of you first girl or boyfriend?
Dear lonely souls of Reddit, how are you?
Do you believe in fate or free-will?
What recurring post would you want to see once a week to Reddit to keep your interest?
If you hold a British passport but are an International student, do you need a visa to study in the UK?
Redditors with typically boring jobs; what's the most interesting part of your work day?
People who have become (or previously were) a meme, how did you find out and what happened after?
Redditors, Have you ever treated someone with a disability different? If so, why?
People of Reddit, someone's knowingly or unknowingly caught you fappin, what happened?
[Serious] What advice do you have for people going through *depression* other than *'it gets better'*?
What is your favorite Ralph Wiggum quote?
What is a GOOD video game movie (and not 'so bad its good')?
How many hours per day do you spend on Reddit ?
What one decision have you made in your life that if you hadn't made your life would be completely different? Do you ever regret that decision?
What's one trend that you never quite understood?
Should law enforcement go to prison when they recklessly or negligently arrest and convict an innocent person?
Who are some of the lesser known adventurers and explorers of the world?
If humans were like lemmings how/why would we kill ourselves?
If one letter was removed from our alphabet, which one would be the worst one to get rid of?
(Serious) Do you believe that God has a plan for everyone?
Is bombing ISIS really helping anything?
What was the worst date you have been on and why?
Have you ever been the subject of a Scumbag Steve/Stacy? What is your side of the story? [serious]
Other than working out, drinking, smoking, eating, watching TV, how do you spend your time after work?
What is your favorite lesser-known subreddit?
Hey american redditors, you could change your state's motto what would it be?
How do users know if an ATM has been tampered with?
Whats a good video of two people playing 1 piano?
Anyone dealt with self confidence issues before? How were they resolved? [Serious]
What do you think about sand?
What is, hands down, the most shocking moment on live television?
Why do people close their eyes when they are about to pop a balloon?
[Serious] What is something you really don't deserve but are really grateful for?
Doctors of Reddit : What patient made you think "Why did I become a doctor?"
If Reddit existed in Harry Potter, what would the threads be like?
If every drug was legalized, what would be a cool idea of advertisement for a specific drug?
Do you have a problem?
What are your marriage proposal stories?
What were the best policies in an office that you've encountered?
What movie fact does everyone think is true, but is actually bogus?
What's your favourite movie on Netflix right now?
In what way are you relevant?
Can a person change from being introvert to extrovert or vice versa?
What was the fad/trend back in the day?
How would go you about killing off Reddit with a some items from that drawer that has everything in it?
What is the healthiest position to sit in (for breathing and being)?
If you could say sorry to any 3 people, alive or dead, who would it be?
Gamers and ex-gamers of reddit. Do you think it is an addiction?
What has been your most significant contribution to Wikipedia?
Has anyone ever played with a Ouija Board, and if so, what creepy things happened?
If you could have the answer to any question, what would that question be?
What is a question you hope no one ever asks you?
Lab technicians how do you process our blood and urine samples?
Remove one letter from a celebrity's name, what's their alter ego?
Reddit, have you ever seen a public proposal where the SO said no?
When is quantity better than quality?
Who is the best Internet-famous person?
Can we speak using only copypastas?
Who's a good boy?
You have family on Facebook and some of them share completely inappropriate posts, apart from blocking them what would you do?
What was trendy in the late 90's?
What's something considered normal but annoys you like hell?
Is Outer Space Nature?
How much money do you spend on alcohol/beer at a concert?
Do you think tattoos will become acceptable in a professional setting?
Parents of Reddit, what's something your kid has said to you that really pissed you off?
What smell do you hate and why?
You get to design a new flag for your country. What does it look like?
What moment in your life still makes you want to bury your face in your hands over embarrassment?
What is a good group game that can be played in a group of 50+ people?
[Serious]What is an action someone did that made you hate them?
What impending doom do you feel coming for you?
What do you find yourself thinking about when you're lying in your bed before you go to sleep at night?
What do you think about Woloyololilol ?
How is it unsafe to use public WiFi, and what all can go wrong?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite show?
With so many games out, I was wondering, what are some of the best un heard of games out right now for any platform?
What is something you are proud of but if found out would get you in trouble?
What would be the worst substance to drown in?
What is easier done than said?
What weird rule do you have, and what is its exception?
If an embodiment of Reddit were to take any college course, which one would they do the worst in?
You are now teaching Internet History in 2022, what are some famous event of the Internet?
Drag Queens of reddit, what can/can't you bring through TSA?
What is something that Reddit overhypes/exaggerates and is never really that drastic in real life?
If you could leave something to be remembered, what would it be?
If you could punch anyone in the face once, who would it be?
How would you torture someone using everyday household objects?
To those who have been married based off of an ultimatum, how is/was the marriage?
In 200 words or less, who are you?
If you were to be reborn as an inanimate object, with your consciousness still intact, what would you choose to be?
Would you fuck Hillary Clinton if it meant Donald Trump wouldn't become President?
what are the highest paying majors with a good future by your experience ?
What is a thing that everyone pretends to understand, but nobody actually does?
How do you make friends?
Will cargo pants be ever fashionable again?
What has the most hardcore fanbase?
What would likely happen if the guy who accidentally brought google.com domain held out instead of selling back?
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
What do you enjoy in your daily life, that you would have been able to enjoy if you lived a thousand years ago?
Women of Reddit, who is the most handsome US Presidential candidate?
What's the most shameful or humiliating thing you've done for money?
[Serious] I've always had a fascination in the subatomic world, but never really "studied" it, just watch docs &amp; read articles. I've come to the conclusion that it's time I step it up a little and actually get educated in the field, but want to start with the basics. Can anyone recommend anything?
Reddit, what is the one thing you are a complete snob about?
[Serious] Why does 'the truth' matter?
What are some funny quotes about winning?
Tell your story: Be it a terrible boss, a terrible coworker, a terrible environment, you being punished for what wasn't your fault -- what are some of your worst jobs/job experiences?
Does driving short distances in traffic consume the same amount of gas as driving long distances without traffic, given that it takes the same amount of time to arrive at either destination?
What's on your bucket list?
What's the first and last thing on your bucket-list?
How useful is a Criminal Justice degree? Any employers out there that can give me some insight?
Whats the best comeback story you ever had in a video game?
If there were an 8th day added to the week, what would it be called?
Attractive people of Reddit: How did you realize?
Can you guys give me some really depresing movies, or ones that make you wanna curl up and die in a tiny ball of sadness?
whats was your favorite scene in "the force awakens"?
What is your favorite Kanye West album?
Whats the story on mathematical symbols? Who invented them?
[Serious] What is the weirdest thing that someone you just met said to you during sex?
What simple changes have made your life better?
What do you think about prenuptial agreements?
What person alive today deserves a holiday named after them?
Whats the worse thing you ever did as a child?
What is the most difficult "would you rather" question you know?
What is a marketing ploy that annoys you enough to not buy anything from a company, that otherwise offers products or services you might actually want?
What movie has a great premise, but an unnecessary love interest?
How hard would it be to bring back The Glass-Steagall Act?
Someone posts something on /r/SandersForPresident about Bernie Sanders having a magnum dong. Does it get upvoted to the top?
What is the most over rated food of all time?
What was your "Oh shit, my friend's an asshole" moment?
Adults who have went to therapy why and how did you get the motivation to go?
Which set of characters would do terribly/amazingly if thrown in a different show or movie?
[Serious] Redditor, why did you end it with your significant other?
Whats something you realized you couldn't live without until you had it?
What's an r/roastme worthy burn you have said or heard?
[Serious] What have you been bullied for?
If you were given 5000 dollars to build your dream PC. What would the specs be?
What boring task do you use Reddit to help cope with?
How do you talk to someone about personal problems if you have trouble trusting everyone?
What is your goto song for finding out where's left &amp; right on your headphones?
What happened on the best day of your life?
What is the weirdest/biggest/expensive thing you have ever bought on an impulse buy?
What country has the best drug policy?
What is the one phrase that you have always longed to yell on the battlefield; what is your warcry?
Dear White people of Reddit, who's the most likeable Black guy in America?
Reddit, what did you do to meet new people when moving to a completely new city with unknown people?
How do you not get downvoted on Reddit?
What is something you feel bad about but continue to do anyway?
[NSFW] Redditors that missed your "big break" into success/fame, what happened?
People whose parents have passed, what do you wish you could ask them?
What makes you feel like a badass?
What is a common thought you have that you have never spoken?
What is the most disappointing movie ending?
If you could add a character from one movie into another who would you choose?
You have been tasked with destroying the Earth and you have an infinite amount of money to help you. How do you go about doing so?
Gamers of reddit, what are some investigation games that are similar to Her Story?
[NSFW] What's your sexual fantasy?
What is something you have done at your job that you could definitely get fired for but your boss doesn't know about?
What are some good tips for exams?
What are your favorite feel-good videos?
What are some things to know about Reddit for a newbie?
Reddit, What three books would you like to have buried with you?
In a group setting you may play the dominant role from time to time, but inside you (and we) know you have weak sides, how do you best manage them, rather than let your emotions turn you into a "little bitch"?
[Serious] What's the scariest thing you ever saw?
College students, where do you work?
What awful-sounding food combination doesn't taste as disgusting as it sounds?
Why are you unable to follow your dreams?
[Serious]Married Redditors, what activities do you and your spouse do together that help you to bond?
What commercial just annoys you everytime it airs?
When was the last time you masterbated, and were you successful?[NSFW]
You're trapped in a room-sized concrete box with no windows or doors. Your only tools for escape are what's currently within 10 feet of you. What do you do?
Can you tattoo over a freckle/flat mole to match your skintone (assume freckle is on bodypart not exposed to sun)?
What is the 'laziest' thing you've ever done?
What bit from a movie is more memorable than the movie?
What is something you have seen that only a handful of people in the world have gotten to see?
What is your job without naming your job?
What popular word or phrase (in the past year) did you have to google the meaning of?
What can you do right now for free that actually makes the world a better place?
What song lyrics make you laugh every time you hear them?
How many digits is the longest number you can call from memory?
How do you prove to someone that firmly believes that the earth is flat that it is in fact round?
What thing did you accidentally Google and where did it take you?
What are the best sexy flash games?
How/where did you meet your significant other?
Which topics are off-limits when people are teasing you?
What are some good YouTube series?
RSPCA workers of Reddit: What's your most fucked up case?
What word do you have to check yourself on every time you spell it?
Redditors who have been shot, what is your story?
What sounds awful but is actually quite pleasant?
What game had the most hype but was disappointing in the end?
In your opinion, what are the exceptions on murder that make it OK sometimes?
People of Reddit,What is the scariest first hand ghost experience you had? If you never had one but know someone who did what was it?
If there were an adult pictionary game, what would the prompts be?
Reddit, What do your nightmares look like ?
God decides to make an "ultra" heaven. What's in it and how do you get there?
What is your pet peeve?
[Serious] What is the worst/disastrous wedding proposal you have heard of?
What is your greatest accomplishment?
What names do you hate with a passion?
In the American South, 'Sweet Tea' was a demonstration of wealth, showing off having expensive food items. Ice, sugar and tea are now so cheap - what is the modern-day 'sweet tea' in your area?
When creating a system of society, what should be the emphasis for transfer of power (history) ??
Reddit, what's your favorite "As Seen on TV" product?
You get one free suckerpunch on anyone, who and why?
Does a corporation donating money violate fiduciary duty?
Where would you build a brand new city in the US and what would it be like?
Who is the best, "rags to riches" story you've ever heard or read?
What are you never gonna do?
Reddit, if you could have one question answered in complete truth, what would it be?
[Serious]If Minions were real, how would the world view them?
Does a cat work on people?
If anyone was to actually own elements or terms to reaction video's shouldn't it be the brand "worlds dumbest" from TV?
When you will say "am settled in life"?
Top Five Celebrity Freebies?
If your life were a book, what passage or bit from the book would you read to people to convince them to buy it?
What event has already made 2016 better than 2015 for you?
How to watch just the Seahawks tomorrow without a monthly on a laptop?
Anyone from Reddit have a funny/crazy story regarding their parole officer?
Jeopardy contestants, what is something most people don't know about participating on the show?
Which game will never be quite the same since the first time you played it?
Why did you just pass this question?
What's a problem you're glad to have?
Global Warming and the Future When Global Warming occurs and the world is falling apart what career will be the most useful in this scenario?
Reddit, what did you do today?
Who from our time (say, since 1900) will be remembered in a 1000 years and why?
If logging in to work would require an entrance music, what would be yours?
What drugs have you tried?
What kind of person do you see when you look in the mirror?
Moo moo, moo moo mooooo moo moo?
What images from movies, TV, books, etc. scared you when you were a kid?
Hardest habit to break?
If you could sing one song perfectly to an audience which song would it be?
When you hooked up with someone that had a bigger dick than your previous partners for the first time what did it feel like was the sex better or worse?
What are some TL;DR of famous historical events?
[NSFW] What is the best female slang equivalent to the gooch?
What is the best smell in the world?
Women, What is something that Men get embarrassed about that is actually attractive or a turn on?
Without answering a question, what do you have to say?
How would a film turn out of each actor had a different director?
What piece of machinery is the hardest to control?
What keeps getting reposted but keeps making it to the front page?
What would you name your own country?
Your dog start frantically barking while outside in the yard. What do you actually think you'll see when you look out the window to see what's going on?
If you had to chose between being Hugh Hefner and Stan Lee, who would you be, and why?
At what age did you become a parent?
Confident people of Reddit who have been turned down, how do you take it?
What would you say is your fatal flaw?
Which two unlikely TV shows would make the craziest cross-over?
How would you feel if someone kissed the "palm" side of your wrist?
Do you really know how the side of your head looks to other people?
You get to live 24 hours as another (living or dead) person. Who do you chose, and what do you do?
Who was your most annoying friend from school and why?
What books did you have to read in school that you actually ended up enjoying?
What is your pet peeve?
Have you ever hit on someone and had it turn into a disaster?
People who used to date their step siblings but then broke up, what are your stories?
[Serious] Have any of you ever had toxic black mold exposure with symptoms that needed to be treated?
What are some ways to get back at noisy neighbors?
Have the modern governance and social systems befooled us into thinking that we are free (please read the explanation in my first comment.)?
American medical practitioners, which techniques, common in other countries, do you wish were standard practice in the United States?
How was it when you're gold virginity broke?
In what area could we benefit from sharing more information? And what would you like to share?
How do you ensure that you can type really fast on any keyboard?
What is your real life horror story moment?
What word doesn't have a synonyme?
Is there anything called "Love at First sight" in real life. ?
Paranormal or not, what is the weirdest or scariest thing to happen to you?
You are woken up on a sunday morning by a loud knocking noise from your front door. You open it to find an alien standing there. How do you react?
What's the last thing you got for free?
If you were an inch taller, how would your life be different?
How did communism come to be perceived as bad/evil?
Which celebrities do you think will die in 2016?
[SERIOUS] You have $500 and the weekend to enjoy your birthday. What do you do?
[Serious] Why do you hate your manager?
What is the simplest, most obvious advice you've had to give someone?
Those who've lived out of a car, what circumstances were you under? What was the duration and what was the experience like?
What film has the biggest quality gap between the trailer and the movie itself?
What song can you always listen to and just instantly feel good?
What do you imagine celebrities smell like based on their appearance or behaviour?
What are your favorite conspiracy theories of all times?
How Do You Feel About People Who Upset Others Because It's The Only Attention They Can Get?
People, what's the deal with Rome and confetti??
Americans who watch Fox news, why is this your network of choice?
What song gives you that tight feeling in your chest/evokes a negative emotion?
What is your favorite scandalous Reddit post in recent memory?
How did you meet your best friend?
How have you saved the life of an animal?
What's the biggest amount of cash or riches you've ever seen?
Are there three ingredients, such that when any two are combined in a dish, it can taste good; but is disgusting when all three are combined?
What was the best part of your day today?
What particular song or piece of music has special, personal meaning to you and why?
People who graffiti, why do you do it? And how did you decide it was for you?
What does drunk you do that mildly annoys sober you?
If you have never read any book. What book should you read that will help you in life?
You're a death row prisoner, what would be your last meal?
What are some minor social interactions that you completely overthink?
Now that 2015 is over, what are the best subreddits you discovered?
What is your pet's name and why?
What is the fastest and slowest amount of time consumed food can be pooped out of a grown human?
What is the best movie poster?
Why is life unfair to you?
What $30 or less item do you get more use out of than you ever thought you would have when you originally bought it?
Any of you ever try on a friend's expensive ring and have it get stuck? How did you get it off?
What is your worst booty call?
What would be a ridiculous alternative to gasoline for cars to run on?
What was your favorite show when you were a kid?
I bought a handmade tobacco pouch from etsy.com, and there was something strange in it (picture in comments). Is it some kind of lucky charm?
You get one wish, but it only works until someone notices the effect. What do you wish for?
What do your work colleagues do that annoys you the most?
If you had to pick a new name for yourself, what name would you pick?
Why haven't Mario and Peach gotten married?
What are some IRL shitposts?
[Serious] Have any of you ever ran from the police?
Who needs to hurry up?
What is the most useful and/or little known everyday "life hack" you know?
What is the strangest situation you've woken up into?
What's the funniest thing you've seen happen at a wedding?
How to low key find out if a guy is into you, without asking him?
hey reddit what kind of facial features does a baby have?
Which rapper is the shadiest?
What food did you try that changed your life?
What is your favourite physchedelic?
What's your favourite snack that you have real trouble convincing people is actually tasty?
[Serious]Can you suffer brain damage from a 105.5 fever?
What's your favorite movie?
Reddit what is the creepiest TRUE event in recorded history with some significance?
Reddit, what's the most highly over-rated movie you've seen?
Cord-Cutters of Reddit, what advice can you give those who plan to cut the cord with cable? [Serious]
What gets easier to pick up, the more it weighs?
You are given a wildcard token tradable for anything in this world. How would you make the most out of it?
What is the most offensive website you know?
What's an offensive question you've always been afaid to ask to a specific culture?
If Superman was your servant, what is one thing you would like him to do ?
What is the most intrusive thought you've ever had and what was the context around it?
What are some things that are cleaner/dirtier than they look?
Reddit, what's the worst excuse you've ever heard ?
Women of Reddit: What do you think he's thinking about when he's sitting there quiet, and Men of Reddit, what were you actually thinking about?
Can putting a high GRE score on a resume help land a job?
[Serious]What would you tell someone who wants to end his life because his SO left him after several years?
How did you lose your virginity?
What do you think is the best video game bossfight theme?
If your life were a book, what passage or bit from the book would you read to people to convince them to buy it?
What unusual habit do you have?
Is it safe to keep a dog when you are pregnant?
People who have studied psychology: what's your favorite psychology theory?
Looking for a stickman thinking and holding a cup in feet ?
[Serious] What are some good websites for free file hosting?
How do you save time?
What useless fact can you teach us about your career?
[Serious] What are some excellent self defense moves?
How much do you care about HD quality? Is 720p enough?
What living thing would be most terrifying if enlarged?
If you from the future came to the present, what would you ask you?
What's wrong with breastfeeding in public?
If I got locked away, and we lost it all today. Tell me honestly, would you still love me the same?
[Serious] People of reddit who have had a stalker, what happened? How did you handle it?
Who was your childhood role model?
What are some skills/traits that are not dependent on genes?
If all of the States of the United States were people, who would sit with who at lunch?
How did the gift of reddit gold change your life forever?
What is the most repeated topic on the AskReddit list?
What's the most "I'm so out of touch with technology" thing you've heard an older person say?
Why do people put pictures of their kids on dating sites?
Postal workers of reddit, how much do you know about the residents on your route?
What TV Show is most certainly inspired by drugs?
[Serious] CEO's of reddit, how did you get to where you are today compared to other members of your company?
Why don't you fuck with ISIS?
Which actor would win an Oscar for playing Leonardo DiCaprio in a movie?
Non-Ohians, what do you know/think about Ohio?
Second language English speakers, what in English makes the least sense?
What would you like a second opinion on?
Reddit peeps, how did you respond when you were asked by Defy Media to go 60/40 with you and try and promote your YouTube video?
[Serious] Redditors who have been to AA or other group therapy meetings, did you have any romantic relationships with anyone through it? What are your stories from that time and how are you and your (ex?) SO now?
What is the best thing in your life that hasn't happened yet?
What's your favourite horror novel or short story?
What just doesn't feel the same anymore?
do you remember the pc speaker?
Scotland tour advice. What is a great 5 to 10 day tour to take?
If you could change your career knowing you'd be successful, what would you do for a living?
What is the most disgusting subreddit you've found using the "random" button?
[Serious] What is it like to get the phone call that told you one or both of your parents died?
[Serious] Homeless and formerly homeless people of Reddit: What can the average guy do to help you out this winter?
For those who have a large following/popular post on a social media site/forum, at what point did you stop acknowledging each response/like?
What frivolous bullshit would you buy if you won today's $1.5B?
Redditors who have colossally fucked up a relationship, how did you do it?
Military members of Reddit (past and present), what is your favorite story you've picked up along your career?
Do you smoke cigarettes?
What's your favorite show on Netflix?
What's the strangest answer you've heard to a fairly straightforward question in a job interview?
How is hunger felt by people with eating disorders?
Your dream vocation.. Worst Vocation.. Best Vocation.. any...?
What are some good career options most people don't know about?
Cleaners of reddit. What's the most disgusting thing you've had to clean up?
Redditors who have AMAZING skills. How many time you have to fail/break to gain them?
You're the only survivor of the apocalypse, list which weapon you would use and why?
Care workers of Reddit! What's the creepiest story you've got to share after looking after patients? [serious]
What idiomatic or slang expression would you order someone to do if you were Kilgrave (from the Marvel/Netflix drama Jessica Jones)?
What's a time you were seen as a "badass" from your peers for doing something?
What tabs do you have open, and what does that say about you?
If you could travel back in time, which time period would you visit and why?
Where are the best places to people-watch?
What's the worst place that you'd willingly masturbate in?
Why do they say that the money you save early on will benefit you more than the money you save later down the road?
What are some tasks that can't be automated by technology?
[Serious] What was a time you were convinced you experienced "divine intervention"?
If God gave you an hour to commit any sins (anything) you wanted, but that hour would repeat for eternity, what would you do?
What is the most bizarre or ridiculous fan theory you can create for a piece of children's media?
What is the maximum amount you would spend for your pet's veterinarian needs?
