Macklemore Show
Bakery suggestions for a baby shower cake?
Is the Municipal Court Of Atlanta open right now?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 17, 2016
Missing dog in East Atlanta Village area.
Any pool halls that don't allow smoking?
The Drunken History of Gaming: Viewtiful Joe
Any good used car places in the area.
Best spots to photograph the skyline?
Park Atlanta Ticket- Legal or Not?
[NEED] Two tickets to Clap Your Hands Say Yeah!
925 LIVE "THE REAL LOVE" MUSIC EXPERIENCE
Residents along the Beltline's Westside Trail push back against demolition plans
Bill lets businesses refuse services to gay couples in Georgia
2-year-old being held hostage by barricaded Gwinnett gunman
Georgia No. 1 state in America for racial progress
Looking for a room to rent in North Buckhead ITP? Look no further!
My Snowstorm 2014 Album [OC]
Who's at Jukebox the Ghost?
Living in O4W?
Looking for Headhunter Recommendations
Best Atlanta Brewery?
Room for rent near KSU
Recommendation on Where to Buy Tickets at Chastain
is it unethical to leave your dog in your car unattended?
Atlanta and the gay scene.
Petting Zoo open today?
anyone had luck with a dog obedience school in atlanta?
Recommendations on Jewelry Appraisals or Jewelry sale?
Man followed home from grocery store, shot and carjacked
Shouldn't he have drawn a great dane?
Lake Allatoona on Tuesday: A deep-frozen hellscape with zero sign of life.
MARTA expansion north and the red herrings
Felicia Moore: Reed, city broke code with payment to Atlanta Public Schools in BeltLine TAD dispute
The next Atlanta Streets Alive route will be massive
Local Rapper Not Allowed To Withdrawal $200,000 Cash.
SunTrust Park under construction.
Lost Dog in the Snellville Area - Lenora Park|Ivy Brooks Neighborhood --- Sweet and Timid Black Lab/Terrier mix who goes by Paisley
Look for my Bowie contribution to the Krog Tunnel on Dekalb Ave!
Grady High School on Hard Lock Down
If I get up at 6am every day
Selling used MARTA 30-day pass bought on January 13 - 50$. Please make an offer.
Natural Gas providers
G-Eazy Concert?
Dobb's Atlanta Luau and Trader Eng's
Anybody know any Atlanta metro Mudjackers? I put feelers out and so far no response.
What's the best place for pork BBQ near Tallulah Gorge?
Women's Onesie
Mixed-use developments are a hot trend, but they’re not for everyone
MARTA hosts Transit Oriented Developments on coUrbanize: timelines, project pictures, and information all available to browse.
I'm trying to sell this great beginners bike!
Drive-by shooting injures 7-year old girl
Did you know there's an Interfaith Chapel in Terminal F? At Atlanta's airport, Catholic travelers and staff find the sacraments.
All Hail West End - by popular vote, Curbed.com's Neighborhood of the Year
Thoughts on Windsor Over Peachtree (620 Peachtree) Condos?
Contractor visiting from Japan: Where to suggest they visit in Atlanta?
Westside Marta Stations: are they safe for commuting into downtown?
Lost Dog in Woodstock
Early 2016 Primary Voting in GA?
Chipotle on Ponce Closed?
Recommendations for a Valentine's date spot?
/r/Atlanta Weekly Events Thread - January 18, 2016
Book of Mormon
ATT is installing fiber right now at Shallowford and Dresden.
Google Fiber is coming! Or at least surveying?
Exploring Bond Swamp outside of Atlanta
Best Internet provider in the area?
[Hiring] Communications lead with experience in Executive Comm., brand and PR - to handle internal marketing and communication for a financial services technology company.
I'm a local Roswell resident/photographer who finally made it down to the East side to visit Krog St. Tunnel.
Atlanta body camera program suspended over bidding dispute
Atlanta Beltline Officials Strike Deal for Eastside Trail Extension and Southside Trail Design.
The line a GWCC for Hot Chocolate race registration
Atlanta has dropped to 3rd for Income Inequality
Atlanta rapper BoB insists the Earth is flat, tweets large amounts of evidence to support his case
Looking for cat
House Bill to ban "assault weapons" shot fatally
Construction begins on waterfront development in Smyrna
Does anyone know when the Kroger at Glenwood Park is slated to open?
If you cant make the Maklemore show tonight...
Midtown primary care provider?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 24, 2016
10 hour layover in Atlanta. What are the best things to do within this time?
Holy Sh!t Comedy Show at 529 in EAV Tonight! FREE!
Two Adult Guinea Pigs Need Home!!
Relocating to the area, recommend apartments in Buford area and job outlook?
Madonna Concert
Proposal for GA's 2nd Largest City Goes Back to Drawing Board
Submit your address here to report a power outage and/or check and see when it will come back on
Well done, Kroger.
Georgia residents No. 8 worst at managing money in United States
Now you'll know how they created this moral @ Ponce City Market
Multiple violent felon and registered sex offender shoots 2 year old son after 20 hour stand off. Gun laws at work folks.
Possible Snow for Sunday?
[Atlanta] My name is CaseyWarren, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
MARTA to rethink bus service | Spinning our Wheels
Grand Vision Unveiled for Park Over Ga. 400 in Buckhead
Running to be a Bernie Delegate!
Georgia ZEV Tax Credit Carryforward filing?
How often are people arrested for DUI Marijuana even if they are sober?
Father John Misty tickets?
Enjoying the city
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 14, 2016
Don't think Creflo Dollar should get a Fulton County road named after him? Contact this state senator.
Living in Town Realty
GOOD transmission shop?
What's your favorite book set in Atlanta?
Anyone here drive a manual transmission car to work and back in rush hour?
Can anyone recommend a good pub for group happy hour while Manuel's undergoes renovations?
Bra making supplies store, lace, elastics, etc in Georgia?
Stray bullet took out car window. Best and fastest window replacement recommendations?
Georgia Horse Racing Supporters Unveil Their Grand Vision
Don't worry, guys. AAA has our back with some great tips to survive the weather.
lost arm in Midtown
Atlanta named #1 city to live and work as a moviemaker
Kemp: “I am no expert on data security, but my personal opinion is...that information never reached the public domain.”
And God said let there be light upon thine Atlanta Beltline... once $1.1 million is raised from crowdfunding.
MARTA chief presses state legislature for Atlanta transit expansion
Missing Girl from McDonough Last Seen in Subdivision
What kinda hoodrat stuff can me and my friend get into in ATL this weekend?
Rocket League Tournament at Joystick Gamebar in Atlanta This Thursday
For a cool $17,500,000, you can own your own nuclear bunker in Georgia....
Atlanta native to Atlanta newcomer; an advice thread!
Vegan and Omnivore friendly restaurants?
Any residents or experience with Sky lofts?
Aaaaaand the powers out
New Actor Looking For Advice!
Potentially moving to Atlanta, need area opinions!
Registering to vote in Georgia
Does anyone know which ATL bars will be streaming Lemmy's memorial service tonight?
This guy looks like he could use some help
Searching for a roommate for Feb 1
This is what happens when a family of 7 kids attend schools that promote music. I give you Atlanta's Rogers kids.
Cobb eyes new rule to punish students for poor parent engagement
Atlanta Child Murders: SPIN’s 1986 Feature, ‘A Question of Justice’
The Varsity in Alpharetta is closing Monday, February 1st (x-post /r/AtlantaFood)
Atlanta police stop and put gun to head of rapper after he withdraws $200,000 from his bank
Atlanta Home Prices (follow-up to apartment post)
Looking for tickets to the Book of Mormon either tonight or tomorrow. Where's the best place to get them?
Attend the Wild Hogs Supper to lobby your representatives Jan 10th!
Bowie on the Beltline/Tribute Parade Sunday 3pm
“Find my phone” apps mistakenly bring dozens of people to this house in Atlanta
Favorite rock band playing Masquerade tomorrow night
Cobb’s Cumberland business district approves $5 million for Braves pedestrian bridge over I-285 in 5-2 vote
Anybody into old sewing machines? Singer 201 at Goodwill Northlake $45
Pride School Atlanta, a High School for LGBT Students to open
BeltLine payments deal apparently reached between Atlanta and APS
Request: Bachelor party help
Deal announces transportation plan
TODAY is the LAST DAY to REGISTER TO VOTE in Georgia
ATL based co / Sharecare Voice: How Presidential Candidates (and You) Fractal Up Debates
In need of a reliable roommate!
Restaurants with Private Rooms for Large-ish Groups
Anywhere I can buy blank skateboard decks?
Uninsured Healthcare Recommendations?
Any suggestions for a high end audio dealer?
Arabia Mountain
Need Restaurant Recommendation
24 Hour Check Cashing
Anyone selling Railroad Earth tickets for tonight?
remember to drip your faucets.
What are good casinos to go to?
Anyone know a good water heater repair person in the Decatur area?
Atlanta Bread Man hitting on ladies all around the city
How Atlanta's Booming Development Affects The Music Scene
found a hidden coupon for a free $25 (harry potter i think) necklace. use code: EMPLOYEE#0687VOID at checkout. free valentines day gift for all my atl fam haha. enjoy!
Billions in Georgia transportation projects revealed
School closing
Medical marijuana part 2 - Jackson Herald
Cascade Heights is Eyeing a Transformative Future
My protest marijuana is growing
Does anyone know this guy he is from atlanta and I owe him some money. Please get in contact with me if you do. Thanks
Atlanta couple terrorized by unknown glitch that makes it seem their house has stolen phones
Here's my Bowie contribution to our glorious city.
Shell Building 3-Story Buckhead Gas Station
Just moved nearby from NJ
Think again before you bring a cake to Miller Union
Unlimited Korean BBQ ITP or just right outside?
Interested in working on the Tupac Shakur biopic "All Eyez On Me" that is currently filming in Atlanta?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 23, 2016
Virginia Highland and Emory
New Car Sticker Turnaround?
Looking for rentable venue space
What are the best downtown / "historic" style districts in the area?
Anyone have any experience with the the Beltline Housing Initiative program? It seems like a really interesting prospect for a prospective first-time home buyer such as myself...
Moving to Atlanta: Nabes for Young Family?
Its that time, people...
DeKalb principal removed after being accused of racist comments
The Highlander showed Lemmy's memorial last night. We featured a special on Jack and Coke. Someone bought one for Lemmy and our cash total came to $666!
Gov. Nathan Deal calls for record $23.7 billion state spending
Drink and Doodle tomorrow night @7, ABV Gallery
The last honky-tonk: A look at Southern Comfort’s history and the regulars who have made it a divey draw for decades
Between 2014 &amp; 2015, IBM acquired more companies in Atlanta than any other city worldwide
5-skyscraper project proposed next to Sandy Springs MARTA Station
Atlanta buys apartment building, plans to provide affordable housing
12 Restaurants That Will Make Your Mouth Water in Atlanta
Massive water releases planned for Lake Lanier canceled
[live] Atlanta Snowpocalypse 2016
Doraville GA: Grandma may or may not be still alive today, please help! RE: Still in need and now he's with Grandma re: Sweet old LONG-HAIRED CAT gent needs safe indoor home!
Need couple of moving Bros for small job
Found Dog: 1/9/16 in Old Fourth Ward near Edgewood/Dad's Garage Theatre
really quick question about georgia dmv
Here for a month
First date spots?
Good luck to everyone tonight on the powerball.
The hero that Midtown needs
Atlanta Police invites public to ‘active shooting’ presentation
Senior Digital Meteorologist at the Weather Channel dies after crashing into Midtown parking garage
Westside Gallery KAI LIN ART looking for submissions - deadline Feb 21st
Found Dogs in Glenwood Park
Took a photo of a woman with a stroller at Ponce City Market yesterday
Whoever is making these, thank you. Not gonna buy one, but still...thank you.
Video gives public first look at bridge to SunTrust Park
Prosecutors seeking indictment for murder charge against police officer who shot and killed unarmed, naked, Afghanistan veteran.
'Murder Kroger' Tee
Sky today. Airport.
Xfinity’s Security System Flaws Open Homes to Thieves
Media companies in ATL
Postmates first time users save $20!! code: PEVZ8
ATLien still crowdfunding for life changing surgery
Where to move?
Looking for some help... does anyone have a "dragon" mask we could borrow/rent for my daughter's dance recital this weekend?
Couples trip to Helen. Any recommendations?
Anybody in to paragliding?
Looking for roommate in Sandy Springs who doesn't mind 2 cats. Feb 1.
"Find my iPhone" feature sends dozens of people to this Atlanta home
Recent GA Lottery Winner Killed in a Home Invasion
Sandy Springs rezoning moratorium ends
Is it too late to get bread and milk?
Came across this in L5p. Funny stuff.
'Roswell Boulevard' among Sandy Springs planning process's big ideas
A rambling lunatic crossing Ponce - "Machu Picchu economy class!" (x-post from r/publicfreakout)
In Atlanta, a Ride Many Scorn Is No Longer Free: Critics of the city’s 2.7-mile, $98 million streetcar system now have another reason to complain: After a year of free fares, passengers are being charged $1 a ride
Rethinking alcohol sales in Georgia: ‘It may be appropriate,’ says House Speaker David Ralston
Loud bang in Loganville area
Calling all graphic designers, make Atlanta better snapchat filters.
Looking for a D&amp;D meetup in Atlanta area
The legislative session starts tomorrow! Want a brief summary of the biggest bills? I made a podcast.
Reddit Meetup tonite - 8 pm Book House Pub
Play Go Tuesdays from 7-10 @ GT Student Center
Three Residential Projects Begin the Permitting Gauntlet in ATL
Bad Drivers: Kirkwood Redlight Runner
So green..... On a Friday.
Weekend Agenda: A Look at Atlanta's History
Happy New Years from Atlanta !
The full lineup for Sweetwater 420fest is out
Ladie's Night 1 Year Anniversay Show Tomorrow, A Free Sketch/Stand Up Comedy Show @ the Village Theatre
DeKalb veteran wants answers over extremely high water bill
Noah's Ark Animal Sanctuary was ransacked. All of their power tools and other equipment stolen
Recent grad starting a new job in Buckhead. Live in midtown or buckhead?
Bars that are busier earlier in the night?
Looking for apartment in atlants or near a bus line
Cool Open Houses
Where can I get a giant ice cream sundae?
Breaking Weather Update!
Anybody want to make some cash cat-sitting every once in a while?
Does anyone know a good place to sell consoles?
Where to Wait for Uber/Lyft after a Show at the Fox?
Bars in Buckhead for NYE
New to Atl - where are the good malls?
Where to sell art?
Seeking 1/1 for March!
Any vegans (under the age of 35) in northern Atlanta / Johns Creek / Duluth that want to meet up?
Tonight at 7pm: Come to the Atlanta Cosplay Meetup hosted at Freeside Atlanta!
AT&amp;T GigaPower 1000 mb/s: installed
Amazon: Back to the Future
Virginia Highland car break-in prompts CDC to take action
More changes to Georgia’s top courts are in the works
Fulton officials want transportation funding — but how much should MARTA get?
Nathan Deal bets on Supreme Court expansion - The Governor wants to be able to add more Republican Justices before his term expires
Buy Milk! Buy Bread!
Time lapse of Incendia's "Fire in the Sky" New Years Eve
School kids at Williams Street School get a nice lecture about the Klan - 1917 Atlanta Constitution
Missing cat: Chamblee (Huntley Hills/Shallowford Heights area)
When nothing nerds work at a barbecue restaurant in East Atlanta.
Truck Detailing
Rocket League Tournament at Joystick Gamebar in Atlanta Next Thursday
GT Gamefest is back!
Commute from Smyrna/Vinings to midtown
It's cold outside ... lets head to the Korean spa
Looking for room for rent
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 09, 2016
Book of Mormon dress
Musicians of Atlanta - any low-key places to play on the east side of metro?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 08, 2016
Beignets in ATL?
MARTA - Oakland City Station, how is the area?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 01, 2016
Need some advice on where to go in Atlantic Station.
would you recommend someone who could level out my front/back yard?
Please Save Us From Creflo Dollar Highway
Mega-developments announced for Dunwoody and Sandy Springs
GDOT urges motorists to stay off the roads between 3-6pm. Reed asks businesses to release employees no later than 2pm.
WTOC : Victim describes attack, shooting in driveway
Georgia to execute its oldest death row inmate
Education official fired over Facebook posts
feeling inundated by all the rain posts? here's one last one to sum up the past year. note the poorly highlighted percent-to-averages at right.
TNG MONDAY'S AT TONGUE &amp; GROOVE
Rapper Young Thug Shoots Video in East Point Government Building
Chick-fil-A says goodbye to coleslaw, hello to kale
Lake Lanier in Flood - Virtual Tour
Grady High School on lock down?
Rocket League Tournament at Joystick Gamebar in Atlanta Next Thursday
Thoughts on moving to Kirkwood?
Whats the best place to buy posters in Atlanta?
Film Clash Live!
Help my boyfriend and I find our next place to live in Atlanta! (We have some general ideas, but if you LOVE where you live and its affordable for us, please let me know!!)
With the increasing number of blinking light crosswalks popping up throughout the city - does anybody know the actual traffic rules for them?
Looking for shared housing ITP or OTP North east.
Moores Mill Publix Update
Moving to Atlanta, any suggestions on area to live?
This Site Likely Contains Sex!1ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my niaa
Buckhead skyline from Vinings, city in a forest.
Two Georgia State students robbed at gunpoint while inside library.
Market forces will power state’s new transportation plan
Video of Robbery on 8th Street early last night
Weather Channel meteorologist's death ruled a suicide
Follow up: Real Meal Delivery expands to Decatur area!
This HBR article seemed worthy of a share, many points strike a nerve on Atlanta's issues: "The Future of Cities Depends on Innovative Financing"
Does anyone know the cutoff time to play the Powerball tonight? It varies state by state.
Another post looking for neighborhood/rental advice
Cheap Dry Cleaners near Vinings/Smyrna or Buford Highway/285
Anyone know of any good roadside bbq between here and Macon?
Realtor recommendations for grant park/cabbage town area?
Anyone going to Jukebox the Ghost this Saturday?
Need car checked for leaks
Moving to Atlanta. Need help deciding between these 2 apartments.
Two friends were roofied this new year at Cosmolava
I'm looking for someone to help direct a comedy I've written.
LaVista Hills supporters now trying to be annexed to Chamblee.
Atlanta Silverbacks pro soccer team pulls the plug
Hey Atlanta, how are you celebrating MLK today??
FOUND DOG: Chamblee/Sandy Springs/Dunwoody Area
Georgia's "Religious Freedom" Bill losing support?
Stone Mountain's Infamous Carving: 8 Possible Replacements
How Refugees Helped A Struggling Ga. Grocery Store Succeed
AT&amp;T aims to turn Atlanta into a ‘smart city’ -- At least it's not Comcast
Fancy Porsche Hotel Near Airport Soon to Break Ground
Will it snow on Sunday?
Neo-Nazi rape advocate plans meeting at Piedmont Park!
Neil deGrasse Tyson is coming to the Fox on April 20th
I need your advice, A out-of-country family is coming to visit for a week and I need ideas on attractions/sites to visit.
Atlanta Comedy
Thoughts on Cornerstone Village (800 Peachtree) Condos?
AJC poll: Voters give Barack Obama and Nathan Deal the same approval rating
Atlanta Tech Village
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 25, 2016
Any 24 hour coffee shops?
Might be working in Norcross
Anyone belong to a YMCA? Would you mind referring me?
Any Atlanta redditors work ATC at Hartsfield? Why can't I find a map of flight paths?
Meet up/group for young professionals in ATL?
How do I learn to ride a bike? How long would it take? Any advice?
Visiting this weekend. What to do?
Just heard gunshots in Midtown...
Father John Misty on April 29, 2016 @ Tabernacle, Presale going on now
Any experiences with the Office apartments?
Avg commute times down I-85 from Suwanee to Buckhead?
This Saturday: Atlanta Rollergirls Season Opener!
Volunteers Needed To Help Count Homeless Residents | Patch
Brookhaven council approves amended noise ordinance
DeKalb jury awards $3 million in medical malpractice case - A DeKalb County jury has returned a $3 million verdict in a case involving a 64-year-old woman who died shortly after what her lawyers said was a routine surgical procedure.
Kevin Smith performs at Center Stage on 4/20
Is there some sort of Mermaid Gang in Atlanta that I'm not aware of?
ARC chairman: Gwinnett expected to be region’s most populous county by 2040
Suburban renewal: In Cobb County, the poor are being bulldozed
Georgia Tech Will Build Nation’s First Open Robotics Lab
Page Not Found: The BeltLine Lighting Page Has Been Dropped from the Infrastructure Bond Project List
Atlanta rapper 2Chainz gives family of 11 facing eviction a...
Best Service Online! Find Your Girls for sex! my gll
Women Sexually Assaulted in Front of Children
Inside Westside Ironworks, ATL's Next Big Repurposed Thing
Google Fiber tidbit: "might be up to two years before subscriber service is available"
Lost Cat (Missing him dearly) - PLEASE CALL 404-667-9464. His name is Aiden and he was last seen on Saint Francis Ave, East Point, GA 30344. $100 REWARD
Idiot driver speeds down I-85 SB exit only lanes only to attempt to cut back over at the last possible second. Happens every damn day.
Glass recyclables often end up in landfills in metro Atlanta
Is there anywhere close or relatively close I can park my car near Phillips Arena for the whole day? Either free or super cheap?
I found a dog and want it to find a home!
Atlanta Roads needs to be BLACK
What are examples that you'd prefer seeing in place of 725 Ponce?
A love note: From the H to the A.
butcher - duck meat
Fishing Jack's River?
A friend of mine hasn't paid for their tag
Best Sports Bar (with food!)
PhD Student Seeking Stories of Income Inequality for a First-of-its-Kind VR App
Deerhunter Tix @ Variety
Traffic maps for previous X hours?
Looking for support for my weather forecasts for Atlanta.
Best place to see The Hateful Eight?
Lawsuit against Roswell mayor moves forward
Alaska Airlines to resume flights between Atlanta and Portland
Found this buried in some paperwork today. Is this a sign?
Hey Atlanta! I've been super busy coming up with OC for all the interwebz to enjoy. It's mostly certainly NSFW, but when you get a chance, I invite you to check out our sub and take a look for yourself. Imgur based, and this link keeps you on Reddit. Enjoy!
Peachtree Hills Residential Tower Pushes Forward
A hawk chilling on top of the eagle at the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta
A horse racing bill has NEVER gotten this far in the Legislature before...
New medical marijuana bill would expand access and allow a limited number of in-state growers
[Atlanta] community recommend - THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Man arrested in alleged road rage shooting on I-575 in Woodstock
More general bad drivers - Red light running and drivers in reverse on Peachtree Road.
Monday is the last day to register for the March 1 Presidential Primary
Very simple Atlanta weather forecast, generated using smartphones in your neighborhood
Does anyone have a YMCA referral link?
Atlanta Medical Malpractice Attorneys
Selling MARTA 30-day pass bought on January 13 for 30$. 26 more days left on it.
A guy that works for Marta stopped a kid trying to rob me on Dekalb Ave. I just want to publicly thank him again!!
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 22, 2016
Restaurant Ideas for Valentines-ITP
Dobro teachers?
Anyone interested in a roommate near Johns Creek in a few months?
Questions about my traffic ticket
DBM Properties review? (specifically 461 N. Highland)
Georgia lawmaker Tommy Benton says Ku Klux Klan wasn't racist but were vigilantes who kept 'law and order'
Four anti-LGBT bills have been introduced/are in play right now at the GA Legislature this session. This new one, FADA, is the worst.
11 kids being held hostage at DeKalb County motel | www.wsbtv.com
Howl-py New Year r/Atlanta!
Someone is threatening to jump from the beltline overpass right by Ponce City Market, traffic closed in both directions
Guess it's okay to hang this up again...
Figured it's a good day to post my album of the day our city stood still
If Syrian refugees are given asylum in Georgia would we have the same refugee problems as Europe?
Invest Atlanta Vine City Initiative - Receive $10 K for purchase or refurbish of a Vine City Home
Caught on Camera - Another Black Man Raping Neighbor's Dogs.
Where is the best Nashville Hot Chicken in Atlanta?
Hoping to find the person that was videotaping a dispute between myself and a pitbull breeder in Buckhead!!!
Any good live / work flex type developments or areas inside the perimeter?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 02, 2016
For Rent, 2 Br 2Ba in Buckhead, near Peachtree and Lindbergh, $1700
Atlanta Public Schools CCRPI and School Climate Star Ratings interactive map.
This is posted in the Buckhead Comcast store.
Atlanta Streets Alive Plans Giant New Route, 4 Events in '16
Guy standing in the diamond lane on 85 trying to direct traffic. WTF...
Meetup: Today, APIs are a way of life... Join us as we explore Azure Resource Manager API Jan 19th
Ga. House Members Sign On To Medical Marijuana Growth Bill
Car accident on 75 at Brookwood in Midtown kills three. That stretch of 75 now blocked off.
Bowie/Gabrels acoustic set at Smiths Olde Bar 1997 with Jimmy and Leslie 99x (audio only)
Meet the Restaurateur Who Cake-Shames His Customers on Instagram
Microsoft Azure Tour is coming to Atlanta Thursday
Radio Labyrinth, a new podcast with Tim Andrews
Georgia Prosecutors Seek Indictment of Officer Who Shot Unarmed (naked) Man
Shorenstein Properties buys Bank of America Plaza for $220 million
Thieves strike Ponce City Market store
Areas with snow, that are safe to drive to?
Greenhaven: A Proud History
Recommended dog groomers in Atlanta?
Skateboarders on Krog St! A community concern?
In search of lake property
Best Airport Coffee?
Home inspector recommendation?
/r/Atlanta Random Daily Discussion - January 10, 2016
My cat needs a good home
Getting a Feel for Atlanta in 2 Days
What the best easy to cook/not unhealthy food item/ snack to get at Kroger? Trying to make a meal on the cheap.
Market Square Resources launches online marketing agency in metro Atlanta by providing services which are relevant to 90 Percent of retail business owners.
Some in Sandy Springs wary of new skyscraper
HB 760: Eliminate Stone Mountain Memorial Park as a memorial to the Confederacy
Kroger's Planned Cumberland Mall Store Cancelled by Sears
Paul Morris on How Partnerships Helped Develop the Atlanta BeltLine
Tons of Atlanta scenes in this new trailer - Triple 9
What do we think of the Olympic Torch Tower south of Tech Square?
For that special Valentine's event
Here's 10% off total order for new customers at zifty.com (food &amp; grocery delivery)
Wednesday Trivia Suggestions
Dermatologist recommendations?
MARTA Red line northbound has major delays
Hey all! What app do you guys use to find out about concerts playing in the area. From big gigs to small ones.
Is murder Kroger being demolished?
City of Atlanta Gardens?
Moving back to Atlanta
Here for 3-4 days
Looking for Rumours ticket for 1/30
Nathan Deal says state is ‘well prepared’ for wintry weather as he declares emergency in north Georgia
NWS: Wednesday wintry precipitation
‘Murder Kroger’ to be reborn as $140 million ‘725 Ponce’
Amazon Cleaning - Atlanta Cleaning Service
Permits Filed for Buckhead Residential High-Rise at Phipps
Elderly Friendship Tower Residents w/o Heat; building is managed by Friendship Baptist, which received $19.5 M for construction of new Falcons stadium
Blac Youngsta’s story of bank incident disputed by bank and police
David Cross is coming on 2/28!
Rock Radio Stations?
Cheapest liquor store in town
Free ticket for Ratatat in Knoxville 1/20
Auto repair shop recommendations close to airport
If anyone in Atlanta likes Sophie Dee (the adult actress) and is looking for something to do next weekend, she'll be at Crazy Horse down off 75.
Anyone heard of Serenbe neighborhood?
Audi car repair
Bruins or hockey bars/restaurants?
Referrals for movers
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my alo
Snow problems so far on Ponce.
What to See at the 2016 Atlanta Jewish Film Festival (Starts Tomorrow!)
State senator wants to make marijuana possession a misdemeanor
AJC claims Atlanta ranks No. 1 in the country for being basic af
English-only bill proposed by Georgia lawmaker
I had a flat tire today on 85N
Take a moment to appreciate the beautifully arranged counties of Iowa. What the hell, Georgia?
LiveLeak.com - New Years Eve Wrong Way Drunk Driver (x-post from /r/policechases)
Loved this show
Bars/clubs open way past the 2-3 am
Have you ever seen Devo live?
Where to get poutine?
Looking for a cartoonist and/or animator to collaborate with?
Suspect who shot GA state trooper has died.
Seeking housing during Summer Internship near Sandy Springs
Newish to Atlanta-- Where should I be looking to rent if I work close to the airport, and my SO works in Alpharetta &amp; Marietta?
Any particular reason the stars have been so clear the past couple nights?
We have six hours between buses and need something to do
Notable local artist made me a tiny sculpture from champagne wire last night
atlanta's best hookup sites?
Rooms for rent/places to live in SW Atlanta.
Lyft rides are 50% off on Weekdays through February 5th
Local skate video my friends made a few years back
Google Fiber hut in position in Reynoldstown
