Ass-ton of bikes downtown?
Can cops collect IDs from passengers?
Warning: Village at University (Riverside) apartments are towing like crazy...
Finding a train schedule for a particular track
Grown up crafty night with beer! We'll be playing with rad cacti and gorgeous succulents on Jan 28th, 7pm at Blue Owl Brewing.
Austin is one giant paradox
Super Bowl Watching with a Group
Builder homes in Austin
Natural Sand Deposits in Austin
Liquor stores open?
Collecting Hygiene Items and Socks for Ending Community Homelessness Coalition (ECHO) Homeless Count
What happened to the Elvis Duran morning show on KISS FM 96.7?
Weekend Job for College Student
Buzzfeed follows up EFF on the use of license-plate readers in Texas to collect on outstanding traffic tickets
Violent South Austin road fight caught on camera
Former UT quarterback Vince Young arrested for DWI
Forbes boldly declares Austin America's next boomtown
The Definitive Guide to The Domain's Rock Rose
Top Historic Sites in Austin
The allergy section at HEB today.
Jewel thieves at Barton's Creek Mall
Bowie Street sign ch-ch-changed to honor David Bowie in Downtown Austin | Austin Music Source
SouthPark Meadows food...
Free (to you) beer?
Who else is dying from cedar?
Frosty sunrise at Zilker Park this morning
PLEASE, PLEASE READ ME: 29, Female, Homeless in ATX
oh look it's foggy, I'm going to drive twice as fast as I normally do.
Found Burner Smokey's Phone at Radio
Date Ideas for the visitor!?
Anyone gotten sick at Rudy's @ 183 on 1/19/16?
Production company looking for freelance web builder/designer
Puppy Fosters Needed! (X-post from r/Pflugerville)
Fire near Jonestown/lago vista?
Nerd with questions.
Why is it impossible to find an actual butcher anywhere?
hyperloop in austin! (j/k not really)
Looking for a low budget Python course
Bowie tributes tonight?
Where can I recycle cfl bulbs?
Library or Book-friendly location for a special occasion
360 Tree Cleanup
Perfect illustration of why Austin's planning process is so dysfunctional
Air strike in Iraq's Mosul targets 'millions' in ISIS
Pipe thrown from I-35, suspect in custody
Top 25 Things To Do In Austin (I've only done 9 of these)
"We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living" -Davy Crockett [cedars]
A Day in the Life of Open Carry...
Found Dog! Beagle Mix on 12th St
Teacher finds woman hanged on elementary school playground - school put on lock down
Smoke Shop Party Tonight (1/15)! 5201 North Lamar! Free beer, free food, live glassblowing, tattoos, music and great deals on all sorts of stuff!!
[Advice Needed] Austin Bergstrom Airport Process, Carry On Baggage, Etc...
did anyone get the c3 presale email yesterday?
Places in Austin for romantic Jazz dancing?
Looking for cheap and reliable mechanic in north Austin
Working as a movie extra in Austin
Anyone have cool urban exploration spots in or around Austin?
Thief caught on camera, stealing toy car.
Have you started growing vegetable gardens on your property yet?
Restaurants/Bars Showing the Democratic Debate Sunday?
Bars showing The State of The Union address tomorrow?
Things to do in Austin for a low-key bachelor party?
How can I get permission to have a film shoot on the MetroRail?
Reliant Towing Driver Arrested for Assault Causing Bodily Injury Family Violence
UT prof and physics Nobel laureate willing to go to court for banning guns in his syllabus, gun toting nutjob students may end up with even lower grade in quantum mechanics II than me.
Petition to save Aviary on South Lamar
Hey, I'm Kelly and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Austin's Singer-Songwriter Taylor Stearns' Inspiration from Africa - Here's Her "Nah Nah New Song"
Locals spreading the love
What do you guys think of this Masturbating Nun T Shirt? Too much? Its for my new brand.
There was a 2nd rock throwing incident on Sunday morning that hit an ambulance
Anybody in Milwood get AT&amp;T U Verse yet? They just installed the wire in the last couple months.
Riding your bike on S. 1st at night.
Shipe Park Doubles Tennis (3.5-4.5)
Utility work on Davis Lane between MoPac and Beckett?
There is nothing special about Chili's on 45th and N. Lamar.
Crypto Party @ Chicon Collective 1.15.16 at 8:00 p.m.
Classical music event in Austin
Radio add that says "Hey Austonians!"
ex girlfriend took couches, need help transporting new one
Did Radio Cafe on Manchaca mostly suck for you too?
Anyone been to Carnival Brasileiro (samba party) at Palmer Events Center?
Detective Calzone *New Short Comedy Produced in Austin, TX* [8:08] - A detective must work with with his ex-wife to afford rising alimony payments. SXSW Official Selection, *Best Short Film* at CineSol Film Festival.
William Cannon is the most unfortunate road I've ever known.
Austin considers mandatory spay/neuter ordinance
Is it common to have to get flood insurance in the ATX metro? How are home insurance rates in general?
Barley Swine Debuts Bigger and Better Space Today
ISIS-Linked Militant
Market forces keep squeezing Austin-area apartment renters
Austin Police Lure Rapper to Radio Station
Where did all the small apartment buildings go?
Tarantino is showing up randomly at 70mm shows of his new movie - Alamo Draft House included
Shirt I Made for Austin, Thought Everyone Would Like This :)
Austin in the past
Any Redditors living near ABGB and hate the parking in neighborhoods.....
How woule you define Austin culturally?
Golden Wok has closed, in it's place will be..
What's up with the mail here?
Five Gunshots near 2222 and Riverplace
Just got back from Austin and Jester King
TWC throttling Netflix in Austin?
Motorcycle stolen
College freshman who wants to move to Austin from Baltimore after graduation. Any tips?
Anyone know of any places that sell Sushi Burritos in town?
New 4-way stop installed at E. Sixth and Waller
Episode 4 of the Austin Code web series was just released and this one's about bandit signs.
Men Ages 18 to 55 needed for a research study in Austin TX, COMPENSATION Up to $5000
New UT study warns of massive Hill Country changes
2222 &amp; 620 Highway Interchange
Austin on Diversity
Cookies. I-35 and Braker
APD: Man drove 117 mph down Mopac during rush hour
Anybody Ever This Route for Free Passes? SXSW Recruiting Volunteers for 2016
Looking for soccer pick-up groups or adult leagues in North/Central Austin
Thousands in ‘Magic: The Gathering’ cards stolen from store
Longtime KUT/KUTX DJ Paul Ray dies at 73
Found: Woman's wallet Chevron @ 2222 &amp; MOPAC
Family member starting mandatory rehab this week, have questions
Anyone ever rent an SUV or minivan for a Big Bend Trip?
FOUND 2 friendly dogs (white spotted Pit bulls) on South Congress/Cumberland
Affordable Location for Wedding Reception
Need some last-minute tailoring done, any recommendations?
Lost Wallet at Thievery Corp. NYE @ EMOS!
Things to look for in Rental Properties in North Austin
Does Scott Elder actually make money?
Stuff To Do In Austin - Week of 01/04
I've got two tickets for Macklemore &amp; Ryan Lewis at Bass Concert Hall.
Getting evicted, need advice.
Shoutout to the man cleaning up the decorations on his 360 tree
Soccer pickup games or leagues?
Uber, Lyft getting more of what they want in Austin after mayor proposes compromise
*On-duty* Bastrop County Texas deputy arrested for DWI charge--- in his Patrol Car.
[Austin] My name is Dana. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Sunset at Mount Bonnell
Miller Lite is the #1 selling beer at the UT football stadium, alcohol brings in half of concession revenue
New Hyatt Place Hotel to break ground at Austin's airport | AustinTexas.gov
Boat barge company may face a criminal charge for not having enough lighting the night a ski boat crashed into it on Lake Austin back in October.
The Torchy's on S. Congress opens today (Monday, 1/18). Free tacos from 6p-9p. Music from Lost Pines!
Mopac Pedestrian and Bicycle Bridge Column
Tax Identity Theft Awareness Week - January 25-29
What are your best low cost dentist recommendations?
Short-term parking ABIA
What is up with the terrible bathroom situations here?
Austin man to be guest at Obama’s last State of the Union
Mueller Lake Park Stolen Ducks and Geese
Tree apartment in Austin is charging tenants $500 upon departure for a new oven.
45th and Lamar - some thoughts
Asian markets in Austin
Advice Austin? Should I fight a ticket that has three things wrong on it?
I've got an extra ticket to Hateful Eight 70mm today at Alamo Ritz 10am
BMW Auto Repair Shop Recommendations
MoPac Expansion: Why not just reroute the railroad?
PSA: It's not okay to hit golf balls into Town Lake. It's a beautiful waterway, not your own personal driving range!
Exploding Car???
Lost my black lab mix! Holly and comal area. Anyone see him?
Serial Rapist Attacking Morning Joggers
Talk about weird... wow.
Heads up on I35: 18-wheeler fire shuts down southbound I-35 lower decks
SpeakUpAustin - Once a week watering
Southbound I-35 lanes closed after crash involving pedestrian
Favorite Austin photo
TIL parts of Liberty Lunch were used in constructing the birdwatching shelter at Hornsby Bend
Michelle Obama turns 52! A dance party of photos for her birthday
Inspection Sticker
If you drive a black Hyundai with the license plate number DKW-2496 your car was hit by a wrong way driver last night.
Help me out, need Austin Wedding Resources!
Ferret Sitting/Boarding
House/business on 38th with colorful lights and open sign?
Looking for a mattress.
February 7th Dark Moon Witches Market is being Hosted by the Austin Witches Circle at Drinks Lounge from 7 'til midnight!
Not mine, but spreading the word: Did you buy a 1960's Fender P-Bass from Austin Pawn and Jewelry?
[SERIOUS] How much would you pay for the greatest meal of your life?
Drafthouse Mueller Opening Date?
Seahawks bar in Austin?
Many of the Eanes ISD school buses now have Go Pros stuck on their left side, what's that all about?
Girl Visits the Hope Outdoor Gallery high as hell.
Does anyone know where I could buy/adopt a hedgehog?
Want to live like Lance Armstrong? Buy his house.
[HELP] Lost Gray Cat In Franklin &amp; N Lamar (North Loop) Area
Looking for somebody who loves watches like I do.
Free Lyft &amp; Uber Rides!
www.austin-free-yoga.com
Stuff To Do In Austin - Week of 01/25
Trainers / health &amp; fitness programs
Any ex-pat Irish or interested others, come play Gaelic football with Celtic Cowboys at Zilker tomorrow!
Chimney Mason in East Austin
Ride Services in Austin?
Bars for Big 10 fans in Austin?
Best place to buy used furniture in Austin
Question on vehicle sale with out of state title
Winter visitors @Mueller Pond
All natural, organic, Californian deterrent
Open Mic Hip Hop nights at Spider House on Tue. are incredible! And who knows, if you show up, you might see me do some crazy funk like this.
Traffic Alert: Closures on SH 71 will impact Austin airport
Hungry? Try Kerlin BBQ!
Austin ISD Campus Advisory Committee votes unanimously to change Robert E. Lee Elementary school name
Good spot to rent for a year or less to then buy?
Helping the Homeless in Austin, one Breakfast at a time
Lost wallet with ID and debit card - can someone help me with this pickle I'm in regards to going to Dmv?
Do the Cupcake meets still happen?
Best couples therapist in Austin?
Swimming in Bull Creek
Anyone making latex clothing in Austin?
Stand-up in Austin
Looking for Warehouses to host a social event
Where can I find a rosca de reyes?
This Site Likely Contains Sex!1ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my tso
Commute.ly A new tool to help predict commute times
Coloring book craze sweeps over Austin
I guess Uber is getting desperate.
Vision Zero DRAFT Action Plan is ready for review
Happy New Years everyone!
What's the Solution? Austin Leaders Unveil Plan to Reduce Traffic-Related Deaths
Go, San Antonio! Rain those tacos!!!
Another rock throwing incident on I-35 in North Austin
New website dedicated bar hopping and breweries in Austin!
Yo, I'm drivin to RGC from Parmer should I exit 35th or Windsor?
Potentially stolen Magic: The Gathering cards confiscated at UT School of Law
Texas Monthly names Corpus Christi restaurants "Best Tacos in Texas"
Austin Lesbian Prom Valentine’s Eve 2016 (all women welcome)
(Serious) Visiting Austin, what should I do?
Looking for a local small business consultant / accountant
D&amp;D in Austin?
About the Chili's Meetup.
Are there any video games shops or arcades where you can play Wii U?
February LAN Party
T-Mobile coverage in Austin
Do people defer a lot of dating to online here in Austin or is the online dating pool rather shallow here?
Tripping in Austin?
Anyone out there know CAD?
Help Keep Airbnb Legal in Austin - Send 1-Click Email To City Council (Takes A Few Seconds)
Steampunk Recruiting Event
Is it legal to obtain a person's information for a petition if they are inebriated? Speaking about the uber/lyft petition going around at bars.
Sunrise this morning
Random Flock of tropical birds on east riverside.
Wear: Austin light rail, after 2014 drubbing, remains off the agenda :(
like no place else...
Where can I buy Russian/German bologna?
Thoughts on HEB's "Tackle Hunger" campaign.
Is Fader Fort returning to SXSW 2016?
Austin Witches Circle - Jan. 10th Dark Moon Witches Market!
Is anyone else's car getting blown about on their commute home, or are my driving skills going to shit?
NEW Austin businesses you love? and would miss if they left?
Are Roosters allowed to crow before 5am in the city?
Good car repair shop in Austin?
how to view old ballot initiatives for austin, tx
35 N shut down at 12th street as of 10:40
Looking for a free/cheap place for my team to practice.
Best Chicken Tenders in Austin?
I want to see your TDLR Vehicle Storage Facility Employee License
Power to the People: Austin Residents Force a Public Referendum on Uber &amp; Lyft Regulations
Blue Bell says listeria found in production plant - CNN.com
Austin Mail Eater! Naked man on drugs ATE MY MAIL!
Urban Transportation Comm urges Council to plan for high-capacity transit ( e.g. rail )
Anyone who thinks Austin is "getting worse" is stupid.
"Do millennials have a future in Seattle? Do millennials have a future in any superstar cities?" --&gt; pertains to Austin too
Judgemental Austin Map goes legit.
Peaceful Streets Fundraiser
What do y'all think of Earth??
HELP! URGENT! Same Day Flower Delivery?
Looking for 2 tickets to City and Colour at Stubbs on friday
C3 Concerts pass Codes -Thrice
Will any bars or clubs let me in with a paper ID?
Good ole Mexican Knife Fight
Best place to get a good gas lawn mower with a bag attachment and not expensive or "cheap", the middle ground
These Are the 9 Most Important Grub Spots in Austin
Help clean up the 360 hwy decorations, respond if you're interested in helping!
I captured this perfect moment during a boat tour in lovely Austin!
Nose a bit itchy?
homless man drops a freestyle at the graffiti park
Will U.S. Cities Design Their Way Out of the Affordable Housing Crisis? - Austin gets brief mention
UT currently doing a major year-long Renovation of the intramural fields, all grass has been removed, large dirt movers doing work
Michi Ramen moves into ESK's spot at the Hole in the Wall
[Austin] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:dlagilaoaoll
Frontier adds direct flights from Austin to Philadelphia and Orlando
Guns in Texas psychiatric hospitals could harm patients, advocates say
Anybody driving from Dripping Springs to Austin today?
Schools back in session, traffic sucks
monkeytown 6: thoughts?
Question about the area around McNeil and 183
Trivia teams Austin
Lost bird. Around round rock Austin border by Dell campus
Towed this morning
Best place to get a cat fixed?
Homeowners of Austin - looking for a living room / library to shoot a short online spot in for a Bank - have location budget
PSA: If you're traveling north on Manchaca at Ben White
Good place to sell my comic books?
Austin Congress Ave bridge construction footage links?
Tool show in Dallas on January 17th.
No vote on short-term rentals as Austin council meeting runs to 2 am
Please tell me someone got better photos of that miraculous rainbow sunset a few minutes ago.
What if the I-35 Rock Thrower is Hiding in Plain Sight?
The Walmart on N. FM 620 in Austin one of 154 stores the company is closing at the end of this month
Goodbye Hole in the Wall
What Are FHA's Home Loan Requirements?
Report: Daycare owner waited 12 minutes to call 911 for choking baby
Here's a turkey grooming a cat for your viewing pleasure.
Time Warner came through and ripped up the grass installing new cables. Am I naive in having some expectation they will come back through and resod?
The important of making good food for health, lose weight , meal planning
Does anyone have spare furniture or a door?
How much do Burning Flipside tickets usually resell for?
Steampunk Saloon VS Chili's
New to austin need help shopping
Looking for information about the "photographs" Texas Police Officers now take with a handheld device after issuing a speeding ticket. (&amp; yes I tried google)
Waiting for Navy looking for work
Looking to volunteer somewhere central
Mopped stolen from Hyde Park -- please keep an eye out [pic in post]
REQUEST: Can someone build me a standup desk? (Will pay)
ELI5: Why so many shredded tires on the side of the road here?
Looking for a good PCP (doctor) who takes BCBSTX HMO insurance
Good mechanics around Austin?
Devils Cove partying and Guadalupe Lazy rive
This week's Pre-Sale Codes!
Casing my neighborhood?
I need someone to take over my crossfit membership 88$ per month.
Women of Austin, please be aware of your surroundings and check yourself on morning jogs, especially in north Austin (and always on the hike and bike trail).
I know skyline pictures get posted all the time, but I couldn't resist...enjoy
Looking to adopt a indoor cat or kitten (APA, Austin Humane society, blue cat cafe). Any suggestions or helpful experience. (Have 8 year old cat already)
North Austin Golang Meetup - TONIGHT (1-7) @ TechRanch, 6:30pm
Run Dallas! Run before they take you over too!
I need $5-10 for gas to get to work this week because I had a rainy day, if anyone plays League or DOTA I can give you a skin or item in return.
In most Texan lawsuit ever, Buc-ees sues their brisket supplier
Ideas for getting Richard Wolff to Austin for a speaking engagement?
Austin Creative Reuse Center Opens
Next big music city?
Best bars on rainey and 6th
Anyone else experiencing Internet outage (Grande)
Does Austin really have depressed wages because of the population boom?
Visiting: Rent a car or Taxi/Uber?
Is Stubbs the best BBQ downtown?
Looking for a specific kind of coffee shop
Anybody have a hummingbird feeder here? Do you get many avian visitors?
Be a detective and help catch a thief!
Recommendations for a CPA in Austin
TIL Gus's Fried Chicken is closed on 1/1/16.
Austin (Gold's) Gyms: What are your thoughts?
Where is there a tennis court with a wall on one side so I can practice banging the ball around?
AMA Request: Bean Wear from the Statesman
Good place to rent a margarita machine in Austin?
[Hilarious] Blac Chyna arrested at Austin airport - NY Daily News
Is SXSW behind the Bowie street sign change?
Welcome to Allandale
I painted this Bowie tribute today at the HOPE Gallery here in austin,tx
[Austin] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Traffic Fight, Lightsaber edition.
ROTC rifle causes scare on AISD bus
Looking for young woman to receive mentorship from.
Forced to go to Voodoo Donuts
Parks with big toys for kids?
Missing those smoked turkey legs they used to have at Central Market
Romantic scenic overlook?
Largest Tech Employers in Austin
Texas Tube Toppers
Place to get a saree and sarwar made?
Hey everyone, did you hear?
Shared vehicle leasing "Ford Link" Launches in Austin
Bowie vs. David Bowie: a fight to officially change an Austin street name
So I've been shooting dwarf goats in Southeast Austin for a monthly postcard. This is January's issue. PM me if you want me to send one out this weekend.
Peaceful Streets Project Founder Files Complaint Against Corrupt Austin Police Chief
[LOST] - Black and White Terrier Mix in Onion Creek Greenbelt
As someone who likes collecting older prints of books, this comes in handy
Austin to San Antonio in 75 Minutes During Rush Hour: Lone Star Rail Hopes to Secure Funding
All about Austin's old Municipal Abattoir (Slaughterhouse) at 5th and Pleasant Valley
Helicopters over Travis heights?
Professional Dog Groomers - What are your best tips?
Modest Mouse/Brand New presale code?
Even Kanye West can't cut the line at Franklin BBQ.
How many bottles of liquor for a wedding?
What is that smell Austin?
Am I the only one who thinks Ted Lorenz looks like a slime ball in his local ads?
Austin Visit/Roosterteeth
Best Tinder photography studio in Austin
Social life for 40ish.
Restaurants for anniversary?
Kids wander out of daycare gate, walk onto 5th Street
Deadly shooting on Powell Ln
PSA: Off-leash citations start Monday at Vic Mathias shores
Food analyst goes to work on P. Terry's burger and fries
Fight breaks out in traffic in South Austin (Facebook Video)
University Medical Center Breckenridge poised to become one of City's largest mixed-use developments
Help my best friend and I launch a new Austin food truck through Kickstarter: Vegan-friendly shakes and fries!
What will Austin’s skyline look like by 2018?
Austin Police Botch Return of Property
Austin Code Department just released episode 3 in their mockumentary web series Code Support Group
Join us for SX Create Community Meet Up: Meet The Makers
Trump and Hillary are in town...at least in comedic form
Hi Austin, might be taking a job in Austin, moving from California. Where should I live?
City from the W
Happy New Years From East Stassney!
Peaceful Streets Project Fundraiser
Where is the best place to stargaze in/around the Austin area?
How long should I expect to wait on the wait lists for daycare in Austin?
The Library at 6th is apparently closed. Anyone know why?
Austin, what's with the crazy anti-semitic radio show on 89.1 FM Sunday afternoons?
North Austin BBQ
Looking for a gym
Is moving to Austin in March a Bad Idea?
Credit Card Skimmed @ Alamo Drafthouse Slaughter
Tattoo artist recommendations?
Rules of thumb for hiring pedicabs?
Does anyone know what happened near Rundberg and I-35? It's pretty much stopped traffic completely going North.
Permitted actions during a traffic stop
Good Salads Places
Y'all want to watch Antonio Buehler get a ticket?
Former Longhorn Vince Young arrested on DWI charge
Thank you to the person that did this.
Ask and ye shall recieve
Paul Ray Has Passed Away RIP 1942-2016
Rock-throwing incident reported at Manor Road and I-35
Watch my friends video on drone modifications
Happy fireworks y'all
[Austin] Sharon Paulino - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Austin restaurants respond to Open Carry
Petition to Keep "David Bowie Street" in Austin
Petition to keep "David Bowie St." as a permanent installment of downtown after vandal replaces Bowie street sign.
Hospira Austin: Connection w/ hiring personnel?
Do you have social anxiety and/or a fear of public speaking?
I would like to rent out my room for sxsw, any site recommendations or advice?
Austin police chief: We want to know who the ‘gun enthusiasts’ are
AMA Request: Scott Elder
Hi there, friends. I was hoping you guys could give me some advice about moving to Austin, because I'm in some desperate need.
Recycling center open on Sunday
Saw 2 APD &amp; 2 Parks &amp; Recreation officers at/near Campbell hole today...
Tyvek Envelopes or Padded XL Envelopes
Snooker in Austin?
Fishing in Austin area?
Northeast Transplants, best place for an egg sammich?
Recycling center open today (cardboard, plastics)
Question to those who have Time Warner internet
Punk band looking for guitar player
Our truck broke down on a cross country trip. Looking for a cheap place to stay tonight. Any ideas?
[Xpost /r/AustinGuns] APD: Suspect shot during South Austin robbery attempt
Stopped By 5th &amp; Bowie This Afternoon
Help Mario get back on his feet! Please and Thanks
Roosterteeth talks /r/Austin and the Chili's Meetup
"Time Warp" cover by Austin Ukulele Society
Fight near Slaughter Ln. (Video Credit: @NoelDeric)
Austinites on both side of argument unhappy with existing neighborhood planning/public input process
Does Dirty Sixth take temp IDs?
Is it legal to obtain a person's information for a petition if they are inebriated? Talking about the ride share petition going around to keep uber and lyft around.
If you actually cared about this town you wouldn't be vandalizing it...
Parking Enforcement Officer for city of Austin?
Good Juju Cafe - 26th &amp; Nueces
Cool Things to See or Do On Drive Back From Fredericksburg Tomorrow?
Bowie street sign
Time Warner Cable Promo Credit
Two-step in Austin?
renting downtown, parking taken away
What are the best record stores for metal?
Any good dance clubs to hit up on a weekday?
Would anyone of you dudes or dude ladies happen to have the presale for Dr. Dog at Stubb's?
Anyone catch the sign at El Arroyo this morning?
Biggest Food Let Down of 2015 in Austin - Shake Shack
Acevedo says $10,000 reward now offered for I-35 rock thrower information
Questions about relocating to Austin
ThIs Site Likely Containz Sexually Explicit Photoos Of Someoone You Know! my aial
Community votes to change name of Robert E Lee Elementary School
[Austin] My name is Tiffany! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Jester King to create a restaurant and farm next to their current location
Rock throwing victim: cell phone saved baby's life
? Background image for that headline
Yep, it's raining.
More pizza news: NYC pizzeria Roberta's doing a pop-up at Bufalina end of Jan
Can you sue the city for negligence if one of the weekly I-35 rocks gets hurled over an overpass and smashes your windshield?
Austin Traffic fight, lightsaber edition.
Dlink router on sale on meh.com
Looking for roommate! $540/month
Best escape game?
Looking for Auto Body Shops in Austin or South of Austin (as far as Kyle or San Marcos would be fine) that are affordable, reliable, honest and quick
Austin vet that does lion cuts for cats?
Come to East ATX today (Jan. 16th)for a beer tasting and magnetic mini-terrarium building workshop at Austin's "Best New Brewery of 2015" Blue Owl Brewing! Event starts at 1pm.
V-Day Witches' Wellness Market @ The Vortex!
Let's talk about chili's
What are the downsides of getting STR licence from the city for Airbnb hosting?
Recommendation for a DWI lawyer?
Does anyone know if the Capitol is open today?
Sick? Kinsa delivering free care packages (smart thermometer, soup, vitamins) today via Favor
after walmart announced closings - grackles have begun to take over - first isle to be taken was pet food and water
TIL the Austonian Penthouse (53rd and 54th floors) has never sold. It is still unfinished because they anticipate that the owner will finish it themselves.
Took this last night, thought you guys would appreciate it
Great week guys, keep it up!
Mopac at 35th car accident
Austin road rage incident caught on camera
The World's Largest Bouldering Gym Opens in Austin, Texas
If your car ever gets boot, the one instance you don't have to pay. Police say you should call 911 as well. Details coming up on KVUE News at 6.
Hate to say it, but: "Weekend cedar pollen explosion expected"
Rocks on I35 frontage 32nd street southbound
The windows have arrived for the new UT engineering complex
Calling all collectors!
Found this dog in my front yard off wickham Ln.
Mixed-use development underway on former Highland Mall parking lot
Hey Texas History Buffs! Free Texas Rangers Event at the Texas State Library and Archives Commission on 1/14/16
Ernest Goes To 6th Street
Hotel Recommendation for Mid 20s Guys?
Austins apartment specials this month
Preparing ahead: Where should I take the lady to Valentine's Dinner?
Best cooked crawfish in town?
Does anybody know a Gastroenterology specialist they can recommend?
Incentives for High Efficiency Windows?
Free ticket to Jess Glynne show
Best drivers license location experience: Pflugerville Mega Center or the location on 13730 Research Blvd?
Current Austin area CPA / Law firm?
Any shop in Austin that buys used rims?
San Antonio to Ausin in 2 Hours
Power Outage (78731)
Romantic Day Suggestions
Call for speakers at Chicon Collective's Cryptography Party on January 15th.
A modest plea... (x-post from r/funny)
Fingerprints help identify 2014 burglar, but also highlights backlog in Austin
Austin weather....
Fight Aftermath 6th Street Austin Tx
Greg Abbott hates gay marriage so much he wants to make congress balance the budget.
