Did you see a motorbike accident in the Sydney CBD in December?
sydney to uluru
Looking to ship an item from Australia to the US?
Anyone been to PNG? I'm from Melbourne and waiting at Sydney airport to fly to Port Morseby for the first time.
Bringing Alcohol into Australia in carry-on
Fairfax Orientalism: How To Win Friends And Trash Muslims
From Oregon to Australia: the unifying force of far-right resentment
National heritage body unhappy at deregistration of Aboriginal sites along Roe 8 highway route
Our illicit-drugs policies aren't working - we need new ones
Happy Australia Day cunts
NSW Government announces 10-year public housing reform plan
Heritage railway turntable at Goulburn back in action 3 years after train crash
Greens senator Rachel Siewert moves to block cashless welfare card trial
pretty stunning opening salvo from stan grant
"3 days, 17 lines and 218 stations later the quest to reach every station in Melbourne is complete. If you can't travel the world, travel the metro"
Court told teenager Sevdet Besim planned to use kangaroo for Anzac Day atrocity
Cleo magazine to close after 44 years in print, Bauer Media Group confirms. All those poor teenage girls...
Røde Microphones founder named member of the Order of Australia
Chiropractic Board of Australia ‘should be sacked’ over members' contentious claims
Watchdog ACMA launches new interactive guide to media ownership in Australia
Gold Coast — Police will allege a man fed his 2-month old baby OxyContin to calm her crying.
Liberal councillor's attack on Malcolm Turnbull inflames factional tensions
Climate change not to blame for late Quaternary megafauna extinctions in Australia
A Word about Office Parties and Alcohol
And now for the Border Force awards ceremony, celebrating cruelty, obfuscation and neglect | First Dog on the Moon
Want to attend an international esports event with world class teams in Australia? Tell us about it in this survey
Crew of four women rowing 15,640km across Pacific Ocean set to arrive in Cairns
Centrelink never works anymore...
All winners of the Tour Down Under
Brisbane Lord Mayor has plans for $1.54b subway for city
Dick Smith CEO quits as receiver seeks to sell struggling business
NSW Premier Mike Baird, in Australia Day address, says doors must open to refugees
Canberra man spat blood in neighbour's face, court hears
High energy costs, unsafe heating practices blamed for increase in fatal home fires in NSW
Barry Humphries says Caitlyn Jenner is ‘a publicity-seeking ratbag’
ohhh baby your too hot and out of league -.-
Dog dies after poisoning in Sydney's Queens Park
Apartment developers from Sydney and Melbourne are heading to Queensland following buyers who have been priced out of the southern cities
Hopman Cup 2016: Nick Kyrgios and Daria Gavrilova lead Australia to victory
WA fire: Yarloop blaze creates own weather system, causing further grief for WA firefighters
Steven Marshall’s Liberals have to push the boundaries if they want to win power after years in Opposition
While outing in Australia FREE SPIRIT OFF ROAD CARAVANS really help in spending nights out there
Charles Darwin’s evolutionary revelation in Australia
A mate had alcohol catalog wrapped around a internet purchase from the USA. I prefer their prices
Australia’s Got Talent audience star reveals he had no idea he was being filmed during hilarious jaw-drop moment
Malcolm Turnbull 'respects' Tony Abbott's right to address Alliance Defending Freedom in US
Expert defends saliva test technology for catching drugged drivers
Boxer Jeff Fenech accused of intimidating a law enforcement officer
[australia] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
Four feared dead in Australia plane crash - World
'Feinyx' will be spelling his name for the rest of his life
Let's kick this off
Photographer captures moment kangaroo cradles dying companion as joey looks on
Mitchell Pearce filmed engaging in lewd act with dog, NRL future may be clouded
Miles Gray: Insta-famous Australians paid to show us the world on social media
Australia is in Top 3 Best Environment-Protecting Countries in the World
Why did Dick Smith Die? More importantly what is JB HiFi's edge? LEAKED document from internal training for JB HIFI sales staff.
Peter Dutton apologises for calling journalist a 'mad f**king witch' in text message
Discussion Thread: Hottest 100 2015
Working down under!
Any youtube channel (Australia specific), where I can watch news discussion about economy, market etc?
Deferring uni offer
So what's the current situation with the intake of Syrian refugees? Are they already here and being settled into Australian towns/suburbs? Are we taking in everyone (regardless of background and religion)?
Need help finding an NSFW Aussie Advertisement!
Around how many empty tinnies would fit in a wool pack?
Quick Question
I have a blind blue tongue lizard, what do I do?
Is there any hope for good internet in Australia.
[NP] Life is sweet Saturday. 02/Jan/2016
Hervey Bay storm: Teenager survives lightning strike on toilet block
Lightning strike over Sydney has flashes of Bowie
Acting in The Wizards of Aus
Australian of the Year 2016: Complete List Of Nominations
'Jerk Off' planned for small city of Armidale
Feb Fast - Anyone participating? What are you giving up?
Aussie Aussie Aussie?
Aboriginal artefact reveals ancient art of slow cooking in Indigenous culture
Concern as private training colleges to compete with TAFE to teach HSC courses
Revised security bond amount for mine in NT should be made public: EDO
Scientists find way to predict who is likely to wake up during surgery
Passerby steals car keys of alleged robbers, chases them from Gold Coast scene, +(video)
Town camp management plan a 'slap in the face' for Aboriginal people, NT Government told
Total Fire Ban for ALL of Tasmania for next 4 days (23 Jan to 26 Jan)
In 1985 after backbenchers had complained about having to substantiate, for tax purposes, their electoral allowances, Australian Treasurer Paul Keating said the following...
Australia sinks on 'most credible' environmental index in the world, with carbon ranking 150th
Melbourne at night from above | Lensaloft photography [NP]
Google can take you on a VR trip to the Great Barrier Reef
Pair of tops bloody 'strayans bugger up the robbery plans of a pair of shit cunts
Garden Island naval base infiltrated by drunk tourist from Adelaide
Gold Coast bloke in his undies thwarts robbers despite busted plugga... Uncensored video in comments!
237 workers to lose jobs at Clive Palmer's Queensland Nickel refinery in Townsville
Ted Cruz, stop using Australian rape victims to get yourself elected
Does anyone know what this thing is?
Australia Day lamb ad featuring Lee Lin Chin does not incite hatred against vegans, Advertising Standards Board rules
What a Beautiful View of Whitsunday Island, Australia
Cracks emerge in Skytrain section of $8.3 billion Sydney rail line
Court of Appeal slashes sentence of man jailed for setting fire to pregnant partner
Australian senator calls someone a 'cunt' on Twitter
Australia responds furiously to unauthorised Chinese 'fox hunt'
Scientists have devised a radical solution for Australia's deadly cane toad problem. They have trained wild monitor lizards, known locally as goannas, not to eat the toxic amphibians.
2016: The Year Ahead In Aussie Films
Queensland woman critical after drunken attack
Bored on night duty. Made wildlife safety advert for Tourists.
Aussies nurse Xmas debt hangover
Australia is obsessed with this cricket fan who devoured an entire watermelon
Sydney NYE Fireworks from my apartment in Drummoyne
Australia overtakes Denmark to become world's most indebted nation by private debt to GDP
Climate claims a victory in the culture wars
We plan to comply with Australian Consumer Law! That's our cashback promise.
Derek Zoolander catwalks The Sydney Harbour Bridge
University students unfazed by mining downturn
Kogan pays $32,400 penalty for alleged false or misleading representations in a Father's Day promotion
The flood prone suburbs buyers are flocking to ...
I thought i recognized that face on the Australia's Got Talent ad
Woolies’ ‘free fruit for kids’ PR stunt backfires [/r/australia thread mentioned in article]
Airbnb customers discover holiday house is really a drug lab after armed police kick down the door
Former Australian soldiers caught up in Yemen's civil war, concerns for human rights
Briggs admits sharing photo of public servant
Interesting articole on how to beat the endless on-hold wait times when dealing with Government departments
US visa waiver program: Rule change for some Australians
National cashless welfare card plan by Turnbull government
AustralianSuper: It matters
Dogs killed after hunters allegedly trespass on Coolabah property near Nyngan in NSW
Hammerhead shark display proposed for Adelaide nightclub Atlantis Lounge Bar condemned by marine experts
Woolworths to exit Masters hardware venture, Wesfarmers buys UK hardware business
Redfern, Aboriginal Peoples, and Australia.
Liberal and Labor factions. Is there a list?
Do Australians really care about Indigenous rights or do they just say they do to be politically correct?
Google Fibre in Australia
Thinking of making a sub for all the punters in r/Aus
[NP] Life is sweet Saturday. 23/Jan/2016
New to Australia trying to make friends
Please help settle a bogan related pet question. Simple straw polls inside.
American considering a move to Australia for a summer...
Students of Australia, what Centrelink payments are you eligible for and how do you work the system to make the most of it?
It's hot. This koala is definitely feeling it!
Going on exchange in Australia, help choosing!
What are some insider tips at your job that customers should know?
[NP] It's Tech Tuesday 05/Jan/2016
Sydney, Illawarra school threats spark lockdowns as police launch multiple investigations
Pollies in peril: Whose careers are on the line as election approaches?
Autistic students bullied with death threats, physical abuse: survey
Savagery in the comment section (Facebook)
Is going off the grid selfish? For many, it's the only option that makes sense
Google's App Has A New Aussie Voice
"Dwell, for a moment, on what it takes to become the most despised person in the history of the Australian Labor Party, what kind of soul it takes to win that contest."
Australian students unlikely to face same fate as New Zealand man arrested over student loan
Clive Palmer's wife appointed director of Mineralogy days before Queensland Nickel announcement
Quakers Hill shooting reported: Operation underway at police station in Sydney's west
Salim Mehajer and other Auburn councillors 'could be suspended'
Private training colleges may face ban on using brokers to sell courses
Rig for Mulloway Fishing
I live 10km from the CBD and my 4G is 20 times faster than my utterly abysmal ADSL2.
Border Force Spends $100 Million On Six Month Anniversary Parade
Tradies in the future.
The worst thing about this day...
Managed to capture a rare moment of a drop bear in training.
The first thing ever broadcast on the ABC 5-11-1956
Big Bash League star Chris Gayle rants on social media against 'haters' in wake of sexism controversy
Infighting within the NSW ALP over a proposed ban on lobbyist-funded trips to Israel
You can never get sick of the NT News...
WA's rooftop solar so popular power privatisation not an option, says expert
Bludgeon To Death An ‘Aborigine’: The Virtual Apple iPhone Game The Whole Family Can Play
Consumer Affairs Victoria cracks down on under-quoting by real estate agents
Man accused of grabbing a child on the arm at an Adelaide shopping centre
The High-Rise Crane Crew: What's it like working on top of Australia's tallest construction sites?
Stamps Now Cost $1 And Letters Take Longer To Arrive - Australia Network News
Australian gyms in summer... Gets a little warm
Sydney residents told to defer non-essential travel as big wet continues
I won't have my heritage erased by your inability to say my name
Foxtel confirms Australians will get Game of Thrones new season at the same time as the US.
Canberra rower Harriet Walker returns to George Bass Marathon to raise funds to fight gastro-intestinal cancer
Two Aussie girls catching mice
Screenshot from a CIV V Australia mod
Woolworths customer ban: Adrian Cheng banned over baby formula
Ted Cruz claim that rape soared in Australia after gun laws is plain wrong, Washington Post says
Mike Baird's $3 billion sell-off of public buildings
Cake day! Woo hoo!
Coles to exchange Dick Smith gift cards bought at its supermarkets
Application fees for RAC licences have increased
National Rifle Association video warns Australia's gun laws would mean confiscations and bans - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Hird takes some AFL supplement saga blame
Tony Abbott defends 'common sense' in attack on gay marriage during speech to US Alliance Defending Freedom
For interest - run down of consumer rights under the Australian Consumer Law
Happy invasion day...
Best Roadtrips in Australia?
Suspicious videos.. Does this guy seem like some sort of unstable person to you?
[NP] It's the /r/Australia random discussion thread. 01/Feb/2016
is it just me or are triple j playing parkway at a lower volume then all the other songs on the countdown?
Best country to buy a laptop from?
Tour Downunder coverage...
Americans who lived/work in Oz on a work and holiday or working holiday visa, can you tell me about it?
I'll be glad when Leyton loses.
What happens, if one reports a clinic to the police for mutilating genitals of boys?
[NP] It's the /r/Australia random discussion thread. 17/Jan/2016
Anybody able to help me with Centrelink? Uni student trying to get some sort of financial help.
Questions for a Climate Expert (upcoming radio interview)
The best area to live in Melbourne
Former treasurer Joe Hockey officially welcomed by Barack Obama as US ambassador
It's Australia Day! Hope you're all watching Australia's Best Film.
Vegemite, cricket and beer: Facebook releases stickers for Australia Day
Australia Post - You had one job!
First Dog on the Moon's guide to solving Clive Palmer and fixing democracy
Australia Day: what makes us great, and what that greatness demands of us | Stan Grant
ASIC investigating case involving world's largest 3D printer
Interview with Nick Ross on PC &amp; Tech Authority
Besy AusDay song: Kate Miller-Heidke - "Soithern Cross Tattoo"
Have Netflix made good on their threat?!
Happy Australia Day everyone!
Malcolm Turnbull: PM accused of backing away from republic debate
The secret life of Gary Low
Adelaide tsunami prediction by clairvoyant John Nash proved wrong, 40 years ago
ATO seeks owners of boats, planes, horses
Mitchell Pearce caught in an alleged debauched incident with a canine. What is it with NRL players and dogs?
Australia continues slide down International Corruption Index, perceived as 'more corrupt'
Commence Operation Boomerang
Handcuffed 12-year-old swearing and spitting at police... I don't even
For Mitchell Pearce.
Lleyton Hewitt retires in Australian Open farewell campaign with straight-sets loss to David Ferrer
One in five Australians consume three quarters of alcohol, report finds
Disabled children shut out of private schools
Cricketer Claims Comments Were “Just A Fun Bit Of Workplace Harassment”
Greens slam 'fake' consultation on forced NSW council merger
Public servants warned about voicing opinions on government policy
All riders in the 2016 Santos Tour Down Under
The "Islam is not a race" starter pack
Only in Australia
The Sydney suburbs that would be hit hardest by capital gains tax proposal
Adelaide wasps have started killing &amp; hollowing out large spiders to use as baby incubators
Citizens from Waroona, residing in areas such as Willowdale Road, Johnston Road, Forrest Highway, Dorsett Road, Williamson Road, Mayfield Road and Nanga Brook Road are at bushfire risk.
This subreddit is missing one thing...
Sydney home prices fall in December | Realestatecoulisse.com
Wollongong Uni accepts anti-vaccination thesis citing 'freedom of opinion'
Multinationals won't open their books to ATO
Stress, burnout, abuse deter deputy principals: study
Free Australian Betting
Capital gains: How MONA got Hobart humming
Deja vu for Australian economy as China woes portend another bad year
Parkinson baby death: candlelight vigil for baby Queenie
Hoverboard ignites, causes house fire in Strathmore(Vic)
Meth, not even once
Chuck another flag on the barbie? Anyone following this epic popcorn drama on Facebook right now?
"Bride asks guests to cover their ears" ... because what? Weird spammy?DM viral page about gay marriage and Australia ... can anyone explain what it's claiming?
'Free the nipple' picnic being held tomorrow in Brisbane. Where else but West End?
Telstra lagging in Brisbane
McDonald's [temporarily] rebrands to Macca's in Australia
Is it possible to open an Australian bank account from here in the UK?
Love from Canada
Need help for legal studies homework(yr 11) please
National cashless welfare card plan by Turnbull government (x-post from The Australian)
Should Australians be moving our Super accounts to more conservative and low risk investment profiles this year in light of reports of it going to be a rough year on the stock market in 2016?
In case this GST bullshit goes through, I want you all to know how to use cash.
Your predictions for Australia in 2016?
What would the effects on Australian politics be of a Sanders presidency in the US?
Hello Australia I have a question for you!
PIA and Netflix
I run the Hottest 100 Database, do any of you out there happen to have access to the old voting lists?
'Straya post airmail
Still no answers on why Rift costs $183 shipping to Australia.
The Summer Heat
Has anybody ever heard of 'Van-Eyk Marketing Solutions'?
Help with Centrelink... it's making me crazy
Why, Australia, why?
Don't downvote simply because you disagree.
I work in a University Dormitory in America. We just got a transfer from Australia. How do I make him feel welcome?
How many points do you start with on your drivers license - qld?
[SERIOUS] A question to the politically minded.
Apple is recalling AC adapters in Australia for electric shock risks
Australian Flag Blunder: Coles Supermarket Slammed For Flying Wrong Flags
‪#‎WATCH‬ Police are looking for a driver who ploughed into a group of people at Greenacre in Sydney
Australia's 'most wanted' terrorist and jihadist spokesman Neli Prakash believed killed in Syria
Miranda Devine: Sorry David, but it's the wrong fight
PSA: If you have a DashCam with a LiPo battery, keep an eye on it.
Affordable Friendly Chicken Restaurant Melbourne
Interview with Sydney band 'Gang of Youths' frontman David L'eaupepe who's song 'Magnolia' came in at no.21 on Triple J's hottest 100 of 2015
Mother nature going 'fuck your Australians of the year'
Happy Australia Day - Smash a Froth - Taylor Swift Straya Parody - Goonman Productions
Nick Ross AMA (x-post from /r/iama)
WA's Environmental watchdog to choose own auditors, sparking questions over independence
Queensland Government moves to expunge convictions for gay sex under historic laws
One Of The Brains Behind The Dick Smith 'Windfall' Just Got Appointed To The Reserve Bank
Telco targets Charlie project area to provide communication services
The top 10 things you love about Australia - [from ABC website submissions]
Video of Gavrilova's Aussie : "I'm good from behind"
Australian bushfires may accelerate push to solar + storage for homes
Calling 2 Aussies at the same time prank call
A New Flag For Australia
Police officer and security guard shot at Nepean hospital in Sydney (UPDATE: 39-year-old man charged)
Better than bald eagles on an American flag
Kangaroo shown 'grieving' was actually trying to mate with dying female: experts
Australia in 2.5 Minutes :) Happy Australia Day! #Straya
Inside the Alliance Defending Freedom, the 'gay-hate' group hosting Tony Abbott
Shark As Big As 'Jaws' Spotted Off Australian Coast: What To Do If A Shark Attacks You
Man Dies As Severe Storms Disrupt Sydney
Six-year-old refugee allegedly sexually assaulted on Nauru
Julie Bishop interrupted by animal activists during Los Angeles speech
Poll shows Palmer support at two per cent
'Crazy' close call in footage of marlin v man - Port Stephens - NSW
Aussies making their mark at the 2016 Oscar Awards. Nominations go to George Miller, Cate Blanchett, John Seal, Margaret Sixel, Colin Gibson.
Amazing University ad about former child soldier, now lawyer.
"How i accidently created a hoax" - Canberra lightning hoax
Malcolm Turnbull's moderate vision begins to fray
WA Health Minister Kim Hames confirms more than 1,100 jobs will need to go from the South Metropolitan Health Service if the Government is to bring spending back to 'sustainable levels'
Independent economists: TPP will kill 450,000 US jobs; 75,000 Japanese jobs, 58,000 Canadian jobs, 39,000 Australian jobs
Music at the University of Melbourne saw an 80% increase in first preferences for VCE students
Sorry ladies, man flu exists
Australian petrol prices drop below $1 with world oil prices at record lows!!!!! Never thought I see the day! (Again)
Domestic violence hotline in Queensland overwhelmed with 2,000 calls taken in four days
Abbott to recontest election in hope of one day returning to the Lodge: report
Taxis Want To Remind You That They Won't Have Uber's Surge Pricing Over New Year's
Hilarious behind the scenes clip from the new Aus Day Lamb Ad
Owners of cars used by Victoria police as makeshift roadblock told to pay damage bill
Teen arrested over alleged gang rape of girl at Blue Mountains party
Dakar Rally: Australian Toby Price climbs to second in motorbike standings with stage-six win
Video of a Queensland police officer shoving a young Aboriginal mother in the chest five times
Towns lose their heart: Grain producers lament closure of silos across Australia
What is your favourite moment that ever happened on Australian television?
2 ill kids urgently need help in Uganda / Heart surgery.
Why is fuel still expensive?
Austrialia----uk +91-9694722340))Online Best??/Love/ love Problem solution molvi ji
Out of the loop! What's been going on Indigenous Aussie and Polynesian music for the last few years? Recommendations?
best place to work in Australia from june-october ?
[NP] It's the /r/Australia random discussion thread. 24/Jan/2016
Full Drivers License Test NSW (touchscreen bs)
I got a Dick smith gift card... Can I use it or an I screwed?
Question: Do Australian financial institutions offer mortgage-backed security products?
NSW State Emergency Services Commissioner Adam Dent resigns after drink-driving conviction
The NBN article penned by Nick Ross in the lead up to the 2013 Federal Election. The article was held back from publication by the ABC ostensibly due to political pressure.
'Big Boy' indeed! ( Banana for scale )
On this Invasion Day, I am angry. Australia has a long way to go | IndigenousX
This Australia Day...
The Great Emu War comic
Remembering the Choc Block ice cream.
Masters – A failure of corporate governance?
Kangaroo dies in mates arms while joey looks on.
Women cyclist hospitalised after disgraceful roadrage incident
Netflix ACTUALLY starting to block geo dodgers.
Australia Should Ban Abu Haleema
Rupert Murdoch Divorce Settlement: Wendi To Get Kids, Australia
Bill Shorten Asked A Woman For Her Favourite Lettuce And It's Peak Bill Shorten
Your metadata. What even is it? Have we got a handy guide for you | First Dog on the Moon
Australia’s Westfarmers acquires UK retailer Homebase for £340 mln | Realestatecoulisse.com
PSA - NBA: Free stream of the Cavs vs Timberwolves from 11am (Cavs playing in green &amp; gold for Australia Day)
NSW ALP boss Jamie Clements resigns amid pressure over sexual harassment claims
Not just kangaroos
Best deals on Crimper &amp; Plug 468 Tool Kit at Cables Online Store in Sydney. We are now running Australia Day special offers on all the Tools &amp; Safety products, use coupon code: AUS2016 and 25% additional discount. Place order worth $500 to get Free shipping all over Australia..!
DFAT scrambles to bring home Holy See diplomat
ROSS GITTINS: Broken public service leads to broken governance
Aussie guy ninja kicks car theft in Darwin
Rudd, said the consensus view among the Chinese leadership is that U.S. strategic intentions are to isolate, contain, diminish and internally divide China, and to sabotage the leadership itself - Washington rejects, saying instead that China is trying to push the U.S. out of Asia.
"Ponting Hit Chicken b Dad"
Prosecutors claim Queensland miner Linc Energy leaked potentially carcinogenic gas at project near Chinchilla
Amy Molloy quit being a vegetarian and started hunting her own dinner
How about an insurgency to aid and Abetz the flat-Earthers?
South West town Yarloop 'burnt to a cinder' by raging bushfire
This interview is currently on front page /r/all and /r/videos ... Judging by comments majority of people including my self have no idea what these 2 are talking about. Can someone please post subtitles or at least translation?
Chris Gayle interview with Mel McLaughlin: Cricket Australia to investigate Melbourne Renegades star
When are terrorists not terrorists? When, as with the PKK, national self-interest gets in the way
No innovation in business as usual politics - Tim Dunlop - The Drum
Has anyone used Aus Posts ShopMate to get things from the US? what is it like?
It's Cheaper to Fly to the US to Buy Adobe CS6 Than to Buy it In Australia: Is this still relevant?
225 children left in hot cars in Victoria last month
Man walks free hours after admitting rape of young boy
Sam Frost's ex Michael Turnbull claims he was 'bullied' after The Bachelorette
Mother kangaroo pictured reaching for her joey one last time before she dies
A burger shop robbery
Cat stuck on balcony rescue - Fortitude Valley QFRS
Alleged one-punch attack victim Cole Miller has died in hospital in Queensland. - ABC News on FB
Chris Gayle to sue Fairfax Media over claims he exposed himself
Australia Day Message From Deadpool
I Ate Some Weet-Bix Today, give it a watch
Australia Day Lamb 2016 | Commence Operation Boomerang
The Russian Red Army Choir and Ensemble sing 'I come from the land down under' - it's as awesome as it sounds
Can we make a drinking game out of all these Bernie Sanders posts on /r/all?
What betting site do you use and why?
Experience flying with AirAsia?
How long has electricity in Australia become standard for all homes?
YSK Vodafone is offering a ridiculous deal with 10gb of data a month for life and infinite data for the first two months for 40$ a month
ISP in adelaide
Foreigner looking for an Australia day ad I saw
[NP] It's the 21st! So post your random Aussie Photo 21/Jan/2016
Sydney Bowie Fans
Traveling to Australia/Sydney for four weeks with no real plan what to do(yet) - looking for suggestions :)
Honeymoon Hotel suggestions in the Whitsundays?
Sydney boutique hotels
Does Zika virus pose a threat to Australia?
Tesla’s home battery is finally rolling out. First stop: Australia
Matty Johns' Australia Day Message
The Triple J Hottest 100 Debate Is Bringing Out The Worst In Sexism: Here's Why My Band Will Boycott Perth's Biggest Jazz Club
Stan Grant delivers a speech with furious elegance.
Ipad scam - apparently I'm into some weird stuff
Coward punch victim records powerful song recounting his Australia Day attack.
JB Hifi with another true bargain.
Schools back...
Should we have a time limit on MPs' careers?
Sydney Opera House: Police operation underway, public evacuated, ferries cancelled
Police operation at Sydney Opera House: “It’s a search for an object. There was a threat and we have to take it seriously,”
Seven Metre Great White shark spotted off Marino Rocks (South Australian beach)
Australian thieves siphon sewage tank instead of petrol
Interesting road sign in Queensland
Why you can't have everything: The Netflix licensing dilemma
Channel Nine reporters forced to wear bulletproof vests in Western Sydney. /S
Build Lean Muscle! Burn Stubborn Fat! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
My favourite piece of legislation. "For the purposes of making a declaration under this Subdivision, the Commissioner may treat a particular event that actually happened as not having happened"
Optus calls for changes to NBN bill
Australian man in the photo is the 'third hero' that night in 1968
Dick Smith collapse: How it happened
10 of the Best Value Locations for Australian Dollar Travelers in 2016
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [australia]
Leader charged at scout jamboree
Drug support worker jailed for offering to supply heroin to addicts
NSW universities taking students with ATARs as low as 30
Man charged over bomb hoax in Brisbane - ABC News
Best Australia Migration Services from India
Property market to hit the brakes in 2016
TIL New Zealand is listed as a State in the Australian constitution, and can choose to join the Australian Commonwealth if it wishes.
Alan Howe from The Australian keeping it classy with a posthumous hatchet job about why David Bowie is super-overrated
Magic Sunset To Finish Australia Day In Brisbane
Pregnant women and parents misled about dangers of living with lead pollution
Centerlink is driving me insane
Does anyone remember the name of a cartoon that aired on ABC in the early 2000s about a kid with a super powered marble in the desert?
Turnbull apologises to the Emus
Who has inside knowledge at an ISP here and is working on a Sunday night?
Whats the best Aussie myth/legend/folk tale you know of?
I was wondering what form of punishment L plate hoon Luke Offer received after killing someone and critically injuring another. Looks to me like he's moved on? (xpost /r/Perth)
Anyone know where I can purchase a desktop online in Aus, with 8g RAM &amp; an i5 processor? (Either 500g or 1t hard drive size is fine)
Need some help with a new rental - moved in but it's not clean/arguing with real estate - What's my rights?
Aussie Fashion for Women?
Happy Straya Day Cunts!
I'll be first to suggest it... did JJJ throw the Hottest 100 number one to fuck over the betters?
Places to visit around Sydney?
Big Brother moment - help me remember it!
Please educate others about the importance of having your car lights turned on in bad weather.
Manufacturer's warranty VS Australian Consumer law
Suggestion: Mr Dick Smith, the founder of the original Dick Smith Electronics should buy back his brand and independently reboot it as the small hobbyist shop we used to know and love.
Is it just me or does it seem odd that people in Sydney wait up to 20 hours to see fireworks?
Moving to Australia - Mobile phone?
Has anyone ever transported a non-running car?
Advice for a yank moving to Queensland from Alaska
Amazon shipping to Australia
Garnaut – time to write down value of power grids
They didn't stick around long enough to change the sign
FALSE BALANCE: ABC coverage of the NBN since September 2013
Private rail's 'value capture' model
Woman reverses car into backyard pool after police chase - but at least in this instance the police acted in a civilized and restrained manner - good show.
Happysnaps, or child pornography?
Teen's timelapse project shows world's biggest cities set against Tasmanian sky
Nathan Griggs reclaims Guinness record for most whip cracks in 1min. 614!
Zika virus found in Australian travellers returning from South America, virologist says
Immigration spends more than Defence on medals for its staff
Cat balcony rescue - Fortitude Valley QFRS
US 'pick-up' artists return to 'shock the crap out of the hottest girls'
Anyone else remember Fiddlestix ice creams?
'Isis kangaroo filled with explosives' part of teenagers' Anzac Day terror plot, court hears | Australasia | News
University of Wollongong awards PhD to prominent Australian anti-vaxer for "vaccine conspiracy" thesis. (extract of paywalled text in comments)
Adelaide Family Killed in a Horrific Crash 'on way to Taj Mahal'
Sydney Opera House evacuated, ferries stopped
#AustraliaDay: Twitter unveils new 'cool' koala emoji to celebrate January 26, 2016
1 in 5 Australians drinking 75 per cent of nation's booze: report
John Farnham - You're the Voice
Except for today. Straya day.
Hill End nuclear waste dump ruled out due to community opposition
Burkina Faso social media campaign to free Australians
Melbourne man faces stiff opposition to penis signature
Oil refiners thrive amid rout in Brent crude market
Hassan Asif, whose family were initially refused visas to visit, dies in Melbourne
Chris Gayle has launched defamation proceedings against Fairfax Media following exposure story
There will never be another opportunity to do a comic like this and it not be terribly racist.
Cabinet papers 1990-91: Hawke's fight to keep mining out of Kakadu helped unseat him
Super Smith leads Australia home
Police threatened in Sydney's West
Having coffee with your pet blue tongue, as you do.
YOU MUST MAKE A BUSHFIRE PLAN THEN USE IT
Tassie man claims thylacine still exists
Backpacker worker shortage putting strain on crop harvesting, growers' group says
News.com.au : a perennial source of fear mongering and sensationalism
Indigenous student demands answers from Google &amp; Apple over a game that encourages death of Aboriginal Australians
ABC staff in Melbourne have once again been warned not to wear their ABC lanyards outside of the building to protect their safety, Crikey has learned.
A Police Operation Is Unfolding At The Sydney Opera House
TPP trade deal will expand Australia's economy by less than 1%, World Bank reveals
Lani moves to Australia and brings a Little Darling dolly with her. Adventure seekers! We photograph dolls on trips, as well as here in Dolltown...
The house price correction Sydney had to have
Netflix to clamp down on geo-dodgers
Anyone know where Little Fat Lamb alcohol is available in Melbourne?
eBay vs Amazon? Which is best in Australia?
Happy Australia Day!
Best novels set in convict-era Australia?
Federal ICAC &amp; Ministerial Accountability
New legislation shows developers only need 75% of of units in a building before the remaining owners can be forced to sell
Question about customs.
Looking for something from oz (so im asking you upside folks)
A comprehensive list of NBN coverage on the ABC's 7:30 since January 2014
Allphones Arena Question (X-Post Sydney)
Help with ordering a watch
When does your grass grow?
Are there any pharmacists on here?
Question regarding NBN...
Huge penalty charges loom as renewable investment remains at standstill
Kevin Andrews angers party whip with 'prayer breakfast' reason for Washington visit
Dick Smith terminates 181 staff, closes 27 stores
An unusual speed limit.
Christine Forster asks Malcolm Turnbull to avoid same-sex marriage plebiscite
Police Force Continues to Play Drug Dog Games
‘Death ballots’: Australia’s World War I conscription referendums
Plucka Duck is back with KFC
Centrelink customers complain of long waiting times to access phone and online services
A Darwin-based charity that helps provide food for the poor claims it has been undermined by "dishonest" comments from Northern Territory Chief Minister Adam Giles.
Choice calls for help to defeat Netflix geo-blockade
I was browsing the ACCC media releases and found this about our favourite erectile dysfunction company...
ABC journalist Nick Ross claims he was gagged from writing about NBN | Daily Mail Online
Self-harm in detention centres at epidemic levels, internal documents show
David Bulmer-Rizzi's death certificate amended to recognise same-sex marriage
