Looking into possible schools to get a bachelors degree in Aeronautical Science
Gimbal Recommendations
Any pilots or attendants want to pull an "Amelie"?
Feats of a Phantom- 1962 ad for McDonnell F4 Phantom II
Some Important Things to Know About Fast Jet Pilots!
After 71 Years, a Zero Fighter Flies Again Over Japan
Why 40-Year-Old Tech Is Still Running America's Air Traffic Control
Virtual Cockpit Tours
China’s Long March to the ‘Big Jet Club’
"Living in the Age of Airplanes" narrated by Harrison Ford. Has anyone seen it yet?
Concorde in Rio de Janeiro
Can you guess where I am? Bonus if you can guess the plane...
An F-16 flies alongside an F-35 in infrared
Sweet Aviation Compilation I found!
Turkish 777-300ER full flight timelapse from istanbul to london heathrow airport
Anyone fancy owning a Panavia Tornado F2A TIARA?
Now retired from rescuing the public, a RAF Seaking out of HMS Gannet (Prestwick airport). Taken on Isle of Bute. Bonus in comments
The full US Army Aviation in a single infographic [OC] imgur link in comments
Russian Luna class flying boat an massive flying machine that the Russians built during the Cold War
Descent into Barrow, AK
Koryo IL-62M, awesome engine run-up and performance TO [LOUD]
Behind the scenes of a refueling mission at Fairchild AFB (link to phone hosted on Imgur in comments)
Got up early to do some planespotting. In full HD; I think it's my best planespotting video to date.
No, these arent Naval versions of the F-86 Sabre. The Sabre is actually the land version of these gorgeous FJ Furies. Over 1000 Carrier capable Furies saw service.
USAF KC-46A at Edwards AFB
Question about Korean Air 787 Dreamliner
Gift stores in Boston
What next after College?
Don't upvote. Looking for a funny video making fun of the Dash 8 Q400
Old Aviation Magazines
[OC] AA E175 and Lufthansa Queen of the Skies at YVR today
ANALYSIS: HR Challenges in Indian Aviation Industry
Boeing sets first flight of 737 MAX for Friday
Two Marine Helicopters Collide Off Coast of Hawaii, 12 Missing
Croatian Police yesterday received a new AW139 for its maritime and border patrol duties (album in the comments)
Snow Capped Mountain Flying @ Big Bear City Today! x/post from r/flying
Designs often improve usability of a product, remarks Atul Punj at IDF
Up in the clouds // a composite I made several years ago
My personal story and PilotWorkshops.com
Greetings from LQSA
Pilot: Who took my damn door!
How are countries like Iran able to continue flying aircraft like the F-14 so far beyond their service lives?
Navigation Keynotes
Aviation wheel and brake masking kits cut overhaul shop bill by half!
Continental O 470 G torn apart
Introductory flights
We get one of these every year and it's honestly something I look forward to. Thanks FDX drivers!
[x-post /r/flying] This guy knows what's up - Impulse 100 with Alison 250
4 manufacturers, 1 picture. Can you ID them?
KLM 777-300(?) in Peru
Airbus Wins All Nippon as Customer for A380 Superjumbos
I want to learn to read aviationweather.gov
NEWS: Boeing 737 MAX Completes First Flight - aerodesh
Took my new buddy to my favorite plane watching spot today.
Drone racing in a Miami football stadium - and it looks like a real-life version of the computer game Wipeout, or the pod-racing scene in The Phantom Menace.
UAL 754 off runway at ORD
UAVs: what’s the big change in the film industry?
727-100 serial number 1, N7001U, about one month away from flight readiness for ferry from PAE to BFI.
Winter Souk 2015 at Punj Lloyd- Relishing the spirit of festivity
Not my best pic but still thought I'd share here - flying out of London Heathrow this morning
interCaribbean Airways makes its inaugural call to the Sir V.C. Bir...
"Breitling Jet Team to Make Their Chicago Air
Beatifullb 757-200 picture
Flagship Detroit DC-3
Alaska Airlines Livery from 1972-2016
Well, that's one way to unload skydivers
Coast of Florida from a B-17G
5 things CNN think we didn't know about the 747
360° cockpit view | Patrouille Suisse and Airbus
Fargo Airport ran out of de ice fluid. OOPS
Sunset at Casablanca airport, Morocco
Bizarre airplane concept will detach passenger cabin before crashing.
Selfie with a 747
Animals are more careful than humans.
Weather conditions requires all landings at CHP to go low over city center
Short video of me in the back of a harvard at Chilliwack Airshow 2015 (22 seconds)
How does this payscale work from AirlinePilotCentral?
ATP age 65 &amp; Depression
Why is it cheaper to book a new round trip flight than to change my return flight?
[OC] American 77W off into the sunset at KMIA
As Norwegian F-35 deal sours, Swedish-Finn Alliance May Influence Fighter Choice
This is how the Pentagon knows aircraft can withstand a blizzard
Department of Transportation: Pilots Are Forgetting How to Fly Manually
Pan Am Boeing 707 Promo Film - 1959
WW2 aircraft collection found after 40 years in a Texas barn
Fighter Pilot stories....never get old
Pilots of reddit: when choosing a flight school what do you look for?
Cessna Citation &amp; Airbus A380
[Album] Went plane spotting at MSP today.
Air New Zealand's First Flight From Houston
Guys, does this count as aviation? (x-post from /r/gifs)
is this helicopter barrel roll even possible?
Russian Beriev Be-200 Altair, multipurpose jet amphibious aircraft and water bomber.
KLM 747 "City of Lima" SXM [OC]
AIRPORTS IN CAMBODIA - FACTS ABOUT CAMBODIA
GEG closed after plane slide
Turkish airlines a321 crosswind landing Türk Hava Yolları
The life of a Boeing 727-200
A320 Landing in Zürich Airport
Managed to capture two ends of the aviation spectrum in one frame!
Just another day at the office
Have the luck to catch this insane low approach at SXM by this PAWA MD. Awesome!
Life of a 747SP (one of 16 remaining?)
Images of Boeing MD-83 that skidded off runway in Iran, Mashad Airpoirt 2 days ago
Some pictures I took at the Tauranga Classic Flyers Airshow today.
Landing at JFK intl. in a Singapore Boeing 747-400 [wing view]
Boeing KC- 46 Becomes The Pegasus
Saw this take off Thursday morning from BFI
Ukraine set to liquidate world famous aircraft manufacturer Antonov
Widerøe Dash 8-100 80.000 hour stripdown and rebuild
Photo I took last year of the TSR-2 outside
KLM &amp; Douglas
N661DS DA-40 sitting at KEMT after a story day in LA [OC]
Airlines we lost in 2015
I mapped all of the Antonov AN-124 flight notifications that I received in 2015 from Flightaware (371 total, some missing). Link to interactive map in comments.
The Story of ZK-CAW, a Douglas DC-3 with a not so sad ending!
The power house behind the Pak Fa/T-50 Fighter. (Saturn AL-41) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturn_AL-41
Red Flag Operations | AWACS, B-1, F-15, F-16
Embry Riddle Aero Univ has a vending machine that dispenses charts and plates.
Any must see places in Houston, TX for my 8yr old son?
Happy New Year! Who is working today...
37 EBS Tiger [B-1B SQN] Deployment Video 2015
Porn star lands on California highway
Deadliest Accident in Aviation History
Thought you all would appreciate this Tweet from Dulles Airport (IAD): "Last night, a snow drenched @etihadairways 787-9 pushes back early, headed for warmer weather. Pc: @SettleSteve https://t.co/5OnfW15GtL"
My pussy! for aviation
Let's play a game. Post an interesting excerpt from a flight manual and see who can identify the type.
Supersonic jet concept would make a trip from London to New York in 11 minutes
RAF C130J On An Icy Pan In Canada
Iran Air Signs Deal For 118 New Airbus Aircraft worth $25 Billion
THE NEW FASTEST HELICOPTER ON EARTH - video
Oh...best of the best girls catalog 2016!
Qatar Airways about to launch the world's longest direct flight
I spotted an A318 Business Jet at KEWR last week. Sorry for the terrible photo
(X-post r/flying) short video I cut of a mountain flying trip I went on in November.
What's the reason for non-stop Los Angeles to Jeddah flights?
P-47 over Dallas?
Non-Pilot Aviation/Airline Careers (Analysts, Network Planning, etc.)
Generally speaking, how much would it cost to be able to fly receationally?
P.A.R.T. (Plymouth Air Radial Truck) by Colorado Auto &amp; Parts
Filmed one of my flights over the weekend and caught some oncoming traffic [12:15 into the clip]. Is this as close as air traffic can get next to each other?
300th aircraft for Turkish Airlines ! Airbus A330 cn 1696 | F-WWCV -&gt; TC-LNC
Japan unveils first homegrown stealth fighter prototype
We brought an antenna to Davos to track private air travel, and here’s what we found
Nok Air in Thailand has my favorite livery.
"What kind of jet is that?"
IndiGo airline forced to remove Mumbai-bound drunk passenger from flight
The 8,888th Boeing 737 XiamenAir Test Flight Arrival @ KBFI Boeing Field
Los Angeles from 10500' at night
The new livery of Cathay Dragon, the re-branded Dragonair
Japan’s All Nippon Airways Confirms A380 Order
For the experts: MiG-15 (?) part identification (second try)
The Bombardier CSeries Is Certified: What Are the Next Key Milestones?
Unbelievable helicopter flight 360°
Caught this beautiful lady, "The Spirit of Hong Kong" (B-KPB), today! [OC]
Mitsubishi A6M2b Zero the National Museum of Nature and Science, Tokyo, Japan, 2013 by Daderot [5,472 × 3,648] x-post /r/HI_Res
REMARKS interCaribbean Airways ARRIVAL
Like a tiger...
Throttle quadrant, guess the airplane
The Light Jet - Honda vs Eclipse
RAAF F/A-18A Hornet in the skies over Iraq.
Repainting our Virgin Australia Boeing 737
[Album]Went plane spotting at MSP today.
Lockheed P-38 Lightning replica in Kerbal Space Program
Employ your knowledge – become a Flight Instructor
Shooting helicopters
Sault college aviation program?
Colombian IAI Kfir Block 60 vs. Peruvian MiG-29
Favorite aircraft and why?
How could I develop during my anxiety a small aviophobia? Pilots, crew, engineers, technicians and security maintenance operators I'm talking to you
Russian knights airshows
Sovjet Aircraft Of the Cold war MIG 21/MIG 25/MIG 27
The 777, the first airliner to be completely designed by computers advertisement ~ 1995.
Contrasting British Airways liveries
Flying the Antonov AN-2 Biplane, all 1,000hp and five-and-a-half tons of it
Beautiful Morning in a C172 just west of Bar Harbor (KBHB)
Will all flying devices fit in the sky?
Breeze Through Airport Security
This is the Air Force radiation sniffer plane deploying after North Korea’s nuclear test
Extreme helicopters
Airbus Beats Own Target to Deliver Record Jetliners Last Year
FRC This nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! It's is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt! NО PАYS, АND ОTHЕR BULLSНIT!
Foggy landing in Dublin
Finally caught her - JA801A, the first delivered 787!
A-10 Thunderbolt II - Warthog in Action
Just another day at work!!
Human-powered helicopter, courtesy r/EngineeringPorn.
I took a tour of Concorde.
What could this airplane/object be?
What do you think is the absolute ceiling capabilities of the SR-71 and the U-2?
Airline Pilot Guy Aviation Podcasts
Passenger question: Aborted landing, flew around a bit, then landed with a ton of emergency vehicles nearby.
Best Career Paths in Aviation Industry?
Landing at Sedona
Virgin Australia, Qantas, Air NZ halt Vanuatu flights over runway safety concerns
Alaska Airlines unveils its new livery 1/25/16
TEX2, C130, CH46, UH60, and parajumpers
Japan reveals first domestic stealth aircraft
Old livery at BNA this morning.
Lufthansa Super Constellations in hangar, Hamburg, 1956.
A P-40 Warhawk/Kittyhawk firing it .50 Cal machine guns in a firing test.
Shot this one a while ago, in a B777-300ER
Swiss A340 Landing at Zürich
Inside the jet engine test facility of Peebles, Ohio
The World’s FASTEST Ship FRANCISCO Uses BOEING 747 Engines! It Can Carry 150 Cars &amp; 1000 PEOPLE! Over 59,000HP!
Saw 2 aircrafts at the same time over the Atlantic North
Pilot Overshoots Runway
Lovely evening departure line up at BOM
New Ryanair 737 interior
One of my favourite aircraft Boeing 757-200 G-LSAH at Manchester in early evening light.
I sat in the Concorde flight deck
Anyone have new United Intl' Business Class Info?
Aviation As a Career
United Airlines Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner N17963 Test Flight B4 Delivery @...
Delta airlines 757 makes emergency landing in Salt Lake City after two flight attendants get into a fist fight.
Which airline logos do you recognise? [I got 13/15]
Northeast chooses Stewart International as new hub
Last night at YVR 747
Atul “Mickey” Punj promoting art with aesthetic Calendars
Airliners.net rejected my photo because it was "dark, grainy and oversharpened" so I thought I may as well post it here
Strategic Bomber Tu-95 explodes on the runway at Ukrainka airbase, Amur region
Airbus' crew training commonality makes it really easy for pilots to switch types
How do you move a 14 ton Tornado Fighter Jet 250 miles by road?
DC-3 stall and spin with jumpers onboard from the 1990s
F/A-18 Cloud $urf
Extreme approach at IFJ (Ísafjörður), Iceland
Art of the control tower: Airports as you've never seen them
Southwest Airlines &amp; DIA Celebrate 10 Years Together
Any idea why there's an ANA 777 from Narita in Phoenix today?
AIRCRAFT TECHNICAL AND GENERAL QUESTIONS (Part 1)
It's a glider, it's a plane... Wait, really, what is this called? (X-post from r/gifs)
Stewardess trying to land A320 / experiment conducted by Aeroflot
Three legends/ Three generations/ One photo.
To Celebrate 2016, here is my photo album from National Museum of United States in Dayton, OH. (Warning:410 pictures)
E2-Cs in Curacao from my time with VAW-122
These two beautiful pieces of history are being auctioned for scrap this week by GSA.
Boeing 727-2Y4 (Super 27) JNB to ABJ
British helicopter pilot killed by elephant poachers.
Concept Plane Could Travel From New York To London In Eleven Minutes
F/A-18 Hornet Drop Test
This is my ride home today
Something for the avid aircraft enthusiast to feast your eyes on....enjoy - make sure to turn on HD!
The C.A.B. Show: The F-35 Lightning II vs. Pierre Sprey... Who's the REAL Turkey?
ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA NEWS: REMARKS interCaribbean Airways ARRIVAL
Aviation closer to you
Bow and arrows, IAF Style. © Nir Ben-Yosef (xnir)
Pre-dawn cross country flight (RV-12) in 60 seconds
Antonov An-124 Ruslan
Uhhhhh... I think I'd be a little more concerned than this.
Follow SWR7771, the first SWISS triple seven on it's delivery flight to ZRH
You can (almost) get a glimpse of the pilots. More so in 1080p.
HELP NEEDED! Dissertation on plane tracking
Question for cargo aviation nerds: Why is there such a big UPS presence at KDSM despite it not being a hub?
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:gsasaattataaalaa
[OC] - Lufthansa Whale in the rain and in your face
Let's go Cards!!
ANALYSIS: Growing China-Russia Military Cooperation. What's the Agenda?
World’s Most Expensive Jet Somehow Gets Worse
Airbus's biggest and smallest face to face
Shinepukur Ceramics touted as one of the best ceramic brand in Bangladesh
Convair 990 Coronado
Citation Longitude, Embraer and Automation Reliance in This Weekly Wrap-Up
PRICES IN FLORIDA TANDEM SKYDIVING
Day in the life of Alaska C-17 pilot
Historic Formation Flight of NASA's WB-57s Over Houston
A-10 TANK BUSTING BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
NTSB: Ice protection not on when plane crashed into house
[aviation] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:laadaagsdao
Seems legit...
Supper Guppy visits Denver, CO, USA
Top 10 Viral Aviation Videos of 2015
The life of a DC-10-30
[aviation] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Airline Secrets - Secrets From Airline Workers
SR-71 Blackbird Pilot Trolls Arrogant Fighter Pilot with Ground Speed Check.
Dragonair rebranded as 'Cathay Dragon', with new livery
Top secret A-12 being towed down the highway -- two years before the A-12/SR-71 project was surfaced
British Airways triple 7 and Delta 757 at LAX.
I love this job.
Crazy near accident.
[HELP] turning a bad habit into a good one
How an individual may become involved in aviation?
How to find out info on specific flight's specs. i.e., when it was last refurbished, onboard entertainment, etc?
Business Jets for Sale
Now THAT is a selfie
A newbie to the JQ fleet
Collective Aerial Refueling Certification by Italy’s K767 Tanker
How to sum up Oshkosh 2015 in one photo
ANALYSIS: Will Supersonic Business Jet Takeoff by 2021 as Planned?
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my ids
Spotting this in Alberta. No info, but turbo conversion
Early Morning Skyhawk
Bad News for Allegiant
Took this stunning shot between deicing planes at CYTZ
F18 Pilots stress out while landing at LAX
Caught a glimpse of this bad boy flying over my neighborhood an hour ago
Here's why Qantas has tripled its in-flight entertainment
Friend of mind had a stowaway the other day.
The livery for the re-branded Cathay Dragon
In studying Airlines I found that the average pilot to plane ratio is 14:1, more inside
St.Barts is a bit busy this time or year
A-26 Invader Restoration in Guthrie, OK
Saw this while leaving a rest stop south of Sioux City, IA.
ISU profs develop way to help protect power grid
Caribou takeoff in less than 15 seconds
SR-71 being towed down the highway.
Droning About a Revolution
The Most Hellish Moments of 2015 || Skilled Pilots || Madeira
Lufthansa A380 Arriving at MIA
The only upside of having to wake up at 4am to go fly. LA area.
100% Premium Forskolin Root Extract! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion!
[Obituary] André Turcat, 94 : Chief test pilot for the Concorde programme
The airport where a lot of Top Gun was filmed
Low Level Fast Jet Navigation (Narrated) - Hawk T2, Royal Air Force
U.S. Airlines Are the Best (at One Thing) Bemoan the service, fees, and food, but nowhere will your Wi-Fi gadget be as connected as on a U.S. airline flight.
What do you think about my aviation blog? Is interesting? All comments are very welcome
F/A-18 Hornets Conduct Carrier Operations In The Dark Of Night
This is the most messed/hilarious up recruiting tool I've ever seen. "Fly for us or ISIS is going to get you!"
Turkish Airlines Batman vs. Superman 77W
Pics of U.S. Army CH-47F Chinooks training in Germany
Rainbow over ramp
you better watch out the sharks are taking to the skys
Cessna 172 Kids' First Flight (Fly Corona)
Fantastic underwater photo of 767 approaching SXM.
The corporate aircraft and flight department use resources. If they are not adding value to the corporation, they are not needed and should be gone. It is up to you to maximize the value of yourself and the business aircraft your operate. (Blog post)
I made a composite of all 60 of Boeing's 787 customers in alphabetical order.
I don't think he knows where he's going...
Airline Alliance Liveries
Foreign countries get all the cool toys
Would detachable cabins save lives? (video)
I went to visit the Concorde!
The Concorde truly was an icon of its time.
Private Pilot: What are some tips for getting a Corporate Job?
Amateur Question: how do pilots contact 'company' in flight?
Our Visit To The Castle Air Museum
First Cathay Pacific 747-400F in new livery
Video: Flying in and out of Spruce Creek Fly-In Community, Florida
Qantas Airbus A380 as QF12 diverting to Brisbane Airport yesterday for fuel.
Avro Vulcan Barrel Roll
The Day General Eisenhower Stuffed Himself In The Back Of a P-51 Mustang
Speedbird 49 arriving at KSEA today
2011 VFA-211 "Fighting Checkmates" Cruise Video Full
Contrails ... (The intersection is Memphis, TN).
Why are plane windows round?
Look, up in the sky: Plane spotting enthusiasts soar across Southern California airports
Commission proposes compromise in Apache helicopter dispute
I should be working, but instead I found this great picture of my favorite classic airliner (Convair 990)
[OC] American 77W at KMIA
The most badass picture on Reddit!
Glasgow's various visitors
H21 Helicopter Controlled Crash Tests (video only)
ANA's A380 deal not decided yet
A-10 Warthog In-flight Cockpit Footage
Delta Airlines 757 makes emergency landing in in Salt Lake City after two flight attendants get into a fist-fight.
Why is American Airlines still operating their 767-300 fleet?
Does anyone else think it's odd that some ramp agents get paid the same amount as a fast food worker?
Have to luck to catch this insane low approach at SXM by this PAWA MD. Insane.
With 6,000 flights cancelled for weather, where do they put the planes?
Looking to donate my dads aviation magazines, SoCal.
So there is a lot of Airliners.net hate here... And it's mostly very unjustified
SPL: What online ground school to go with?
Just got hired as a ramp agent and I have a few questions
ANALYSIS: Can cargo market ensure 747's future?
Seat back pockets are for these, right?
F-16 Fighting falcon
"How to not fly an airplane: One of the most challenging parts of being a pilot can be knowing when to keep a plane out of the sky."
Apps for Pilots: Streamlining the Way Aeronautics Function
FINALLY IS REAL!!! real video about flying car
50 Reasons Why Pilots Have the Best Job
Shuttle Carrier N905NA exhibit at Space Center Houston opens to the public saturday
7 Things Everyone Should Consider When Flying Cross-Country
ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA NEWS: interCaribbean Airways makes its inaugural call to the Sir V.C. Bird International Airport on Sir Vere Cornwall Bird Snr. Day.
video: aerobatic helicopter tricks with Chuck Aaron
Here’s The First Shot Of The F-15C Pod That Will Change How The Air Force Fights
Clouds that appear in rows
St.Barts (TFFJ) is a bit busy this time of year
FA20 Stopped by EMAS in KPWK
Found an old WWII Army Air Force guide to flying the AT-6
How Its Made - Wooden Bi-planes [5min vid]
Question regarding flight air conditioning, Why are the A380 window seats so hot?
Aircraft to fly on before they're retired?
Ramp Agents for Swissport, Is the job worth applying for?
Unusual pattern?
Antipode - We can get away with the crappy airline food soon!! (If this becomes reality and affordable to everyone)
Semilevered 777-300ER Gear In Action
Final Qantas 767 Service Visualisation
View in to Brisbane, Australia (BNE) a few weeks ago
Concorde and the BMW M1
747 runs into extreme wind shear
Mil Mi-26, the largest and most powerful helicopter to have gone into series production. Here are two examples lifting a CH-47 Chinook and a Tu-134.
NBAA President &amp; CEO Ed Bolen: "...aviation user fees but it will also likely choke general and business aviation’s access to airspace and airports near busy airline hubs."
[Obituary] Flight Lieutenant Bob Large
THE PAPILLION EFFECT
AAK - Australian Bush Hornet STOL (I want one..)
B1-b fighting ISIS with full afterburners.
Boeing Business Jet (BBJ) Go-Around in Heavy Rain
This emotional support turkey on a plane is the king of the skies
Good morning from CYTZ
Vintage Aircraft Maintenance Comics from the 1940s and 1950s
Canadian 737 flying over Vancouver
How a radial engine works, courtesy r/EngineeringPorn.
Air Force 767 Crosswind Landing on a wet runway
I visited the British Airways Concorde on display at Manchester Airport. What a sight it was!
I got to visit the Concorde and sit in the pilots seat!
So I got accepted to Embry-Riddle...
Horizon - Aerial Showreel
This should be easy for you.
In 1973 United States Navy Douglas Super DC-3 made an emergency landing on Sólheimasandur black beach. Today, its one of the major tourist attractions in the area.
You guys liked my last 757 shot, here's another from the same day I'm sure you'll like too!
I'am looking for affodable pilot training school in Ukraine. Can anybody suggest me?
Something you don't see everyday!
Art inspired aesthetic calndars a brain child of Atul 'Mickey" Punj
AN-24 takeoff on runway made of mud
Which model is this?
The size and shape of this mammoth Ruslan always amazes me. Seen here arriving in beautiful evening light.
Somewhere over the Atlantic
747-8i BBJ in Qatar Airways livery
Had some unusual visitors at work last night.
I see your airline breakfasts and raise you my part 91 dinner
Another AW139 - Irish Air Corps
10 of the Best Aviation Bloggers You Should Be Following
The power house behind the Russian Pak Fa/T-50 fighter.
This is an amazing story I don't have time to type it XD. So hopefully one y'all link it for me
RAAF F/A-18F Super Hornets at RAAF Base Amberley in QLD, Australia
Airbus to sell three A380 superjumbo jets to Japan's ANA Holdings - Nikkei
TIL that the Lockheed L-1011 TriStar was supposed to have self tinting windows, 40 years before the Boeing 787
What is the size differences on the A350, A330 and 777?
The plane I boarded in Calgary YYC. WestJet's Frozen themed 737.
In response to the C-1 trader post, I can't meet an equilibrium with, but here ya go a E-1C Tracer
US military finds F-35 software is a buggy mess
C-130 flying over Gillete Stadium the 2016 Winter Classic.
P38L Lightning &amp; P47 Thunderbolt Fighter Aircraft Rocket Firing Tests WW2 Newsreel Footage
My childhood dream has come true. I got to visit the Concorde!
FlightRadar versus Planefinder
Caught JA801A, the first ever delivered 787 Dreamliner at a YVR gate today
Here is a very cool site to track air traffic in your area in real time
Locations of Concorde Plane. UK, France, USA, Germany and Barbados!
Alaska Airlines New Livery on Boeing 737-800 Landing &amp; Parked for Unveil...
The fog created a "wall" this morning behind one of our birds.
F16 gets tipped over on the ground from another jet's exhaust.
Early morning sunrise
A320 + A380 = A700
Haven't seen this one before. A Cirrus Vision SF50.
Slew of military helicopter deaths raises question of whether budget cuts endanger troops
Aerobatic helicopter team - video
Holdings theory and practice in FNPT II (part 1) - Aviation Academy
Punj Lloyd’s ultimate commitment is to develop indigenous capability for India in aerospace sector, says Ashok Wadhawan
Regulations for operating an aircraft 1920
France to buy C130s instead of Airbus A400s transports
[aviation] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
KLM A330 veers on landing at YUL
India's HAL Tejas to fly at Bahrain Airshow
The Boeing 777-300ER: On Your Mark. Get Lighter. Go!
Always think this is cool when it happens. Potato quality
My best planespotting video to date
Bonanza wings are the new Cessna wheels. Took this photo climbing out of Chicago Midway this morning.
Red Flag Operations | AWACS, B-1, F-15, F-16
Want to save a warbird?
Interesting G650 flight, essentially a big circle around the US
Lovely approach in cross wind (x post from /r/nonononoyes)
30 Minutes of Pilatus PC-12 Action.
I (FO) did a low flyby of Lake Hood this summer in a Saab 340
Air Travel: Ruined by the Left
Delta fleet history
A gloomy take off from Liverpool John Lennon today.
Rare Movements at Manchester (4)
My new years trip to Ireland. Ryanair - London (STN) to Dublin (DUB) - With go-around
F-16 fighter jet crashes in Arizona, pilot's condition unknown
[aviation] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Guide to Spotting at Bangor Airport, Maine
Cessna 152- First flight lesson HD (13 year Old)
1981 Amberley Airshow - RAAF Diamond Jubilee
The aircraft aboard The USS Yorktown (CV-10) museum ship in Charleston, SC
A Cockpit Sunset Is The Best Sunset
Emirates official detailed response to US carriers' Open Skies protests
FAA expected 700K drone registrations, but received only 181K registrations
Went spotting at KJFK today (Album)
Qatar Air plans new longest flight: 18.5 hours Doha - Auckland
F/A-18E Super Hornet WestPac deployment footage from VFA-115
Airbus A320 Engine Inoperative go Around and Landing
Stratus 2 compatibility
Why are chemtrails categorised with crop circles, when the tech exists?
Do the airlines not like Lasik or other corrective surgeries?
Sierra Pacific Airlines question
Recent college graduate interested in becoming an airline pilot, Need some guidance!
Decline of the 747?
Does anyone have/know of any videos with extremely high quality audio like this video?
Debunking the latest "obvious" explanation for MH370 - easy reference guide for friends and family :)
Air Transat 737 departing from Princess Juliana
Air Canada Rouge has a great livery
Frozen under the ice for 50 years, a P-38 is returned to the skies.​​​
EUROCOPTER'S concept hybrid helicopter
I just started my new job. I'm B787 IFE technician. Dreams are based in Warsaw Chopin Airport, Poland! It's my daily viev while waiting for my baby.
Singapore Airlines fleet history
How I Almost Destroyed a £50 million War Plane and The Normalisation of Deviance.
A -30°C morning in an A319 in Novosibirsk (Siberia)
How realistic is a plane with a detachable cabin?
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people from around the world ! Anonymous check in , not pays!
Ten New Year's Resolutions For The Airline Industry in 2016
Photographers Capture Low Flying Fighter Jets In Insanely Close Proximity
Ever seen snow in an airplane?
Getting her(C-17) ready for launch.
Dassault Falcon 7X departing MFR.
Airbus A380 Lufthansa Landing at Johannesburg Southafrica
Where can I find statistics for market shares by commercial airplane manufacturer?
Why would a Virgin Atlantic London to Las Vegas return in economy be listed at £3149?
Best places to non rev and get business/first class?
Left my iPad at Beijing Airport. It's at Lost and Found in Terminal 3 but they won't ship it! Help! [xpost /r/flying]
Temperature differences of EGT (Exhaust Gas Temperature) and CHT (Cylinder Head Temperature)
The Blue Angels - Double Tuck Over Roll (0:11s) Blows my mind, every time.
Late post, half hour after taking this screenshot it landed at LAX.
The world's only jet powered cropduster.
