[Don't Upvote] Need legal Advice for my GF (work)
[Announcement] AMA's next week: Frank Camberlain (Monday 19:00) &amp; HotMarijke (Wednesday 20:00)
P&amp;V Foundation looking for essays about fighting declinism of young adults (€2500 prize money)
Booms in Downtown Brussels
Everybody tries to impose their own views ...
Wedding ring found at the Starbucks in Brussels Airport.
Journalists from RTL Info and France 3 attacked by a man in Molenbeek this morning
Before we went to the UK we stopped by also in Belgium. We created a short video about our point of view from Belgium. We know its so much more to explore but we also know we will come back!
Not busy? No cards and stuff. Just sign up and sex
Radio 1 wants to convince ESA to bring a statue of David Bowie to Mars
EXPLORER - Prometheus Unchained, awesome hi-tech play about computers, internet with motion capture and of course...cats!
De jihad van het klimaat
When I tell Belgians that Christmas is a big holiday in the U.S., they are often surprised. Anyone have a guess for why this is?
and Telenet increases the bill again with 2 EUR
Where Wim Delvoye doesn't know how a windmill works
Question about public transport apps and privacy.
Belgium ordered to reverse tax breaks
Bad Luck Brussels (The Danish Girl)
Tienen, once again the victim of De Ideale Wereld
5 MIVB employees attacked by 30 men
Crevits finally takes steps against fundamentalist religious highschool near Brussels
Switching from Scarlet to edpnet
Face scans for all nationalities at Brussels Airport soon?
I just found out that, as a student, we get free online access to lots of newspapers and magazines (Dutch, French and German). It's worth checking out.
[meta]Oh man, look at these terrible fascists. How can they call themselves human? They're not in line with western values.
Polish Death Camps?! [There were no Polish Death Camps]
Stel je moet emigreren, welk land zou je kiezen?
The History of Elections in Belgium, 1847-2014
Bank for a young starter in Belgium
Why multiple voting shares are restricted in Belgium?
Dura lex sed lex - Walter Van Steenbrugge [Dutch, Opinion]
Radio 1 wants to convince ESA to bring a statue of David Bowie to Mars
Creating a New Ending.
Geert Hoste's eindejaarsconference
Could have think of this before (Xpost /r/gifs)
Anyone interested in playing football every Tuesday evening?
Snow/sky place nearest to Brussels?
Fashionable Leather Jacket,Accepting cryptocurrency.
[French] SNCB/NMBS striker given a fine of 1700€ for taking part in an illegal (forbidden by justice) "picket".
TERUGBETALING IMITREX | Organisation for the Understanding of Cluster Headaches Belgium
Maggie will make us Belgians healthier...
Tommeke Tommeke Tommeke, Wat doe je nu? -- Just rewatched this amazing moment, thought you guys might get a kick out of it again as well :)
Who's that man that goes on strike again, starting tonight?
Logistics of Moving Back to Belgium
Work permit for Belgium Non-EU in Czech.Republic
Restaurants/places to eat in Hasselt?
Question on Credit Card interest Rates
Quickest postal service for sending letter from Belgium to Canada?
Binary Boom Review - Is Binary Boom Review Scam or Not? The Truth Revealed
Belgian wants to bomb Turkey!
Valdemar Jakobssons Vision
Bart De Wever: 'Is het nodig dat je in één lijn van Antwerpen naar Charleroi gaat?'
Être belge / Belg zijn [Dutch/French/German]
‘De spoorarbeiders zijn de mijnwerkers van de jaren tachtig’
It's that time of year again... Telenet is going to screw you over (again, like last year).
Brussels youths pushing a car down escalators (Actual footage, including "Allahu Akbar" which was removed by VRT and VTM)
Classic cyclocross supporters - part 2
Paris attacks: Victim's mother 'to sue Belgium'
Looking for female CS:GO players for a belgian clan
Jacques Hologne
Belgian national identity
Free Snow Friday
Hey r/belgium, where do you live and what makes it worth living there ?
Nostalgia² - De Mol - Someone else hyped?
Apocalyptic sound heard in Belgium!
My name is Lieven Scheire. AMA!
"Elke week tot 250 gezinnen op straat gezet" - Every week up to 250 families are put out of their home.
Stream spamming?
H1Z1 2016 CHILLINGS!!
Seems like another nuclear power plant in Belgium is having some problems. This time Tihange 1 is having issues. Do the aging nuclear reactors make you feel less safe?
Massive fight between 100 refugees
Restaurants on Valentine's Day in Bruges
[SERIOUS] How do I start a record label in Belgium?
(Dutch) Brussels' tunnels inheritance 30 years prior, but renovations are pressing.
Bambooti|A Wooden Back For Your Mac
Samson &amp; Gert - Mexico
"Good news" responds Francken on the news a women was convited for preventing a repatriation .
First sitе whеre аdult girl loоking fаmiliarity hеr writе first NО CАRDS and оther things!
What did I just found. Text on it says ZsumWM 1915.
Zjef Vanuytsel &amp; Sarah Bettens @ Nekka nacht 2009 - Als je zomaar weg zou gaan (Thank you Zjef, RIP)
[Humor] The Clash of Clichés - Walloon VS Flemish (French)
België schenkt 14 hectare aan Nederland/La Belgique cède 14 hectares aux Pays-bas (VIDEO en néerlandais contenant des passages en français)
I honestly misread it as "72 virgins" the first time..
Ervaringen met betwisten kleine boete
Half the population of Belgium
Advice on swinging clubs in Brussels?
I'm looking for girls who play the game CS:GO
UCI discovers technical fraud (use of micro-motor) on world championship cyclo-cross
Ik ga het zeggen Walter
They are going to screw with food some more (dutch)
The Cinderella Burglar: "Inbreker speelt schoen kwijt op de vlucht"
Prime Minister Charles Michel became father
[belgium] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Zestien (Sixteen)
A Little Discussion About Terrorism
How do Belgian import/customs fees work?
[Dutch] State reform towards more Belgium gains momentum in Flanders &amp; Wallonia
How we cut our Skins @Bambooti
[Dutch] Fiscus gaat achterstallige boetes innen via loon, huur of bankrekening
Found this great Chrome/Firefox extension for comparing prices-- works with most Belgian/Dutch shops (bol.com, all the amazon sites, afuture.nl). It's definitely the best I've used so far.
[belgium] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Young refugees rape 3 girls in train Brussels - Doornik
Something weird on GVA about a Point License system.
Lost a Raspberry Pi in Antwerp
Til, there is a clicking game where you have to compete against the world and we're on 12th place!
[French] Social Security expenses have reached 100 Billion € last year.
On gambling in Belgium [Dutch]
Defence minister Vandeput (N-VA) wants to buy Patriot rocket lanchers for 600 million euro.
Domain-Driven Design EU Conference in Brussels this January
Morocco says it has arrested a Belgian with direct links to the Paris attacks
Best kebab in Brussels?
How can I get HBO Now or HBO Go here in Belgium?
Vrijwilligers (crew) lanparty gezocht
[Question] Is there a place online where one can easily see what laws are voted and who voted for them in the Belgian Parliament?
Can anyone recommend me a good platform for stock market investments?
American on the ground report from Molenbeek
How's Belgiums view on Marijuana?
Which BV do you recent the most?
Redittors of Belgium: what are some great Belgian tattoo artists on social media? (Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr...)
Are career breaks still paid?
What does this mean to those of us who use work computers in/outside of work for personal (eg email/internet)
Vindt de juiste feestzaal
[dutch] "You are a sheep!" - Keynote by Jef Staes
Rant Away Wednesday
[DUTCH]'Spoormannen worden tegenwoordig vaak als profiteurs gebrandmerkt. Dat is onterecht'
#CALLBRUSSELS - The video
Are Faux Wood Ceiling Beams available somewhere in Belgium? Or Netherlands?
Digid: Upcoming local talent in the Stepper scene.
"Tunnels will have to disappear"
Flanders recognizes 462 hectares of naturereserves
'Duizenden witwasdossiers slapen in kasten justitie'
Военным музей в Брюсселе 2 я часть Для детей и родителей
Anyone knows about trackers that have some Belgian content? Especially Ebooks?
[Discussion] HLN on facebook
Création de l'équipe de contribution francophone de reddit sur wikipédia
Last night, Brussels police arrested one of my friends, made him kneel on his knees and shout "I'm a little girl" and beat him so bad he had to go to hospital. What should he do?
Need advice: I think I might be depressed or something.
Antwerp alderman for immigrant assimilation Fons Duchateau (N-VA) says immigrants must accept equality between men and women
Grote Peiling: Michel 1 verliest meerderheid
Bier drinken is goed voor je gezondheid!
'Trump and Dumber', a trailer by De Ideale Wereld.
Obtained rights unfortunately don't exist in social security
5 MIVB-employees attacked by 30 men
"Kan hij zich een beetje aanpassen aan onze gewoontes?"
Nostalgia² - 'De Mol' - Someone else hyped?
Belgian Short Film: Out of Reach
An unwanted cat
Question for everyone who "moved to the right".
Is there a reason as to why the belgian law cannot be viewed in it's interity with proper indexing online?
What a way to go
TIL that the Leopold II tunnel in Brussels was built to replace a viaduct that was sold and transported to Thailand
Vlaamse regering geeft groen licht voor Uplace
Why brown bags are only bought at the cashier not on shelves in the supermarket?
Skepp Educatief: Etienne Vermeersch on ISIS, terror (threat) and Islam [Dutch]
Globalreal s*x encounter day night, full anonymity , no wallet is required only registration
[Dutch] Pv voor verboden wapenbezit nadat Dewinter pepperspraybusje bovenhaalt
Someone with some legal experience in Belgium wanna help me out.
New in Belgium ( can't find 2.5 L Cola )
Fokke destroys de afspraak and reyerslaat.
How to get rid of an unwanted cat in Belgium
Nieuwe serie Auwch_ - maandag 1 feb 21u50 - alle 8 afleveringen via VIER te downloaden
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my ons
[Dutch] Less crime than ever before in Belgium
What are the steps to become an "eenmanszaak" with photography in Belgium?
Victim's mother of attack in Paris taking legal action against Belgium (in French)
Comic about the family of Belgium
Belgian Hell March
About Slicy_McGimpFag and his police story.
Belgian language and culture
Proximus Kinda scamming
Kotnet datalimits aren't actually imposed
Cool things in Antwerp 02-01 to 04-01
Hoi, dit is Laura Omloop :D Ben jij ook een Omlooper?
The first skating lesson Part 1 Belgium Oudenaarde For children and th...
Kris Peeters says weapons export to Saudi-Arabia shouldn't happen (dutch)
De Wever wil niet meer naar 'De Afspraak' komen: "Framing om te kotsen"
[x/post] The Oculus is coming to Belgium!
Download il museo nel mondo contemporaneo la teoria e la prassi livre pdf pdf
Would the Dunkerque situation be possible if it was within our boundaries (=5km closer)?
Gelijkekansencentrum: "Dreiging doet latente islamofobie naar buiten komen"
Internship position web development?
An American Looking for tips on finding work in Belgium
Apocalypse: WW1 somewhere online?
Getting cuberdons in the US
Traveling by train in belgium
Belgian isp's blocking mega.nz
Veroordeelde pedofiel op de loop. Met de steun van wie?
[DUTCH]Opinion: Young people who have an historical perspective, have less need for a radical declaration of faith
Don't miss #hruBenelux HR Unconference x Talentsquare event on 18th of February! Get a 15% discount with promocode social15
"Oudere dame spoot flesje pepperspray in mijn gezicht"
age 15 from Belgium like sport,music,dancing.my skin couler is black
Dingen die je niet wil horen op een zaterdagavond
Gent was de zonnigste plek in België in 2015
Islamic Radicalization In Belgium
Unauthorized Use of my Telenet Account
Promoting me and a friends site for school, feedback is highly appreciated.
[Dutch][Paywalled] Forewoman gravely injured after being struck by impatient driver
Young refugees bother girls on railroad Brussels - Doornik
ESTA - Visa Waiver Program for Belgians is under pressure.
The Top 10 Things To Do And See In Schaerbeek
Trump and Dumber, by De Ideale Wereld
Michaëlle Jean (OIF) : « La Francophonie doit être partout où on ne l’attend pas »
Donkere wolken boven Genkse stroomcentrale
Xander De Rycke AMA on monday!
Opinie: Een rechtszaak als deze afkopen is een klap in het gezicht van de 99 procent anderen
Work visa from US questions
My so is going to miami, what could she bring back that's fun/cheaper?
American Diners in Brussels?
[AMA-announcement] 2nd /r/belgium AMA
We're a metalcore band from Tournai and we just released our new single. We've also got some shows coming up! Link in the comments. Enjoy! Abyss Of My Heart - Ocean Encounters
Air in Belgium second most polluted in Europe
[French] Man suspected of being a terrorist was arrested in the Fedasil center of Jumet
Paris attackers linked in Morocco arrest
Catholic schools reschedule exams due to Ramadan
De Wever: "We hebben de werkgevers niet nodig om alles af te remmen, daarvoor hebben we de vakbonden" (...) "Als er nog verder bespaard wordt, moet dat in de sociale zekerheid zijn, de enige plek waar nog geld te rapen valt."
Free condoms in Belgium?
Antwerpen being top 5 for every single drug in Europe.
Hoog boven België passeert dit!
Audi to assemble new electric model in Brussels
Sharia4Belgium klaagt Tom Van Grieken aan voor Terrorisme
Belgium and Netherlands are about settle a 173-year-old land dispute over the Meuse river
Suicide note of Mohamed Karay confirms they wanted to attack Brussel's Grand Place on NYE
Donald Trump: Once 'Beautiful' Brussels 'Like Living In A Hell Hole Right Now' - Breitbart
Looking for participants for my 15 minute survey concerning the utility theory and willingness to pay for over-the-counter cold medicines. Your participation is greatly appreciated r/belgium!
100 days without alcohol!
Rant-Away Wednesday
My stance on the failed immigration policies in Europe.
Campaign aiming to add Belgium’s notorious traffic jams to the World Heritage List gets picked up by the Wall Street Journal
Victim's mother of attack in Paris taking legal action against Belgium (in French, Dutch in comment)
[Dutch] Article about Belgian World War refugees
Free Hair Loss Information for Belgium Residents
N-VA faces Catalan independence dilemma
"Italian fashion designer" scam in Brussels!
Special Units - Federal Police
Wie is die man die vanaf vanavond weer staakt? (Studio Brussel)
How does state support for nuclear powerplants work?
[WTB]Ghost - Meliora: Concert at Vooruit, Gent
Looking for driving help in Leuven
Monotonous Monday
Free Talk Friday
[dutch] "Blokcast" student livestream for supporting and motivating other students in the "blok". Link in comments, live now!
Hi /r/Belgium! I want to Visit Wallonia, looking for suggestions!
[UPDATE] Last night, Brussels police arrested one of my friends, made him kneel on his knees and shout "I'm a little girl" and beat him so bad he had to go to hospital. What should he do?
[French] Brussels' Judge Karin Gérard lied and gave a false testimony concerning her recent 'aggression'
[belgium] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
[French] 10 langues et dialectes de Wallonie / 10 languages and dialects of Wallonia
[belgium] My name is Angie. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Nuclear Problems in Belgium. Help us shut these down.
Rape at an asylum center in Wouter Beke's hometown
The View - shortfilm recorded in Brussels
Monotonous Moanday
Rant Away Wednesday
Altijd al willen weten wat de jeugd denkt?
Donkere wolken boven Genkse stroomcentrale
You made it Belgium! (taken in Leuven)
Iraans president komt op staatsbezoek naar België
TIL we have a national fire museum
[DUTCH] "Commercial surrogacy initiatives should be prohibited"
Montasser Alde'emeh arrested in terrorism investigation.
vakantiehuizen te huur aan zee
Muslim sub-animals push car down escalator. Brussels, Belgium, Dec 2016
De Willy's - Man bijt hond
Innovative companies in Belgium
Koud op kot - EPC fraude?
When Etienne Vermeersch said "we should not prossecute negationism", he didn't mean "We should give them a forum, and listen carefully to what they say"
Bonjour fellow countrymen! What's your favorite place in our lovely country for a photoshoot?
Free Talk TGIF
John Crombez (sp.a) supports Dutch refugee plan; "last chance to bring refugee flow under control"
[Dutch] Het meel in de ogen als het over wit seksisme gaat
Cannabis in Antwerp
Looking for place to party
Value of Belgian MBA in the United States? Recommendations?
Les directeurs d’école trinquent/Directies Franstalig onderwijs: overwerkt en gebrek aan visie
anyone know where to buy cards against humanity?
International online petition launched to bring Belgian nuclear power plants to a halt.
Check-date, volgende zaterdag (30/01) in Gent. 20 minuten one-on-one, 20 vrijgezellen, 10 bordspellen.
"Hij vreesde voor zijn leven, aangevallen door wie hem moest beschermen" - Police case reported here on Sunday hit national news.
Man risks prison time over calling cops 'Smurfs' on FB (dutch)
Native Belgian minors kill lesbian lover in sordid affair murders.
Photos in the surrounding of Mormont, Érezée
Fight between soldiers and young people in Brussels' subway station "Gare de l'Ouest" / "Weststation"
made a showreel of Bruges during Christmas
DIY: Doe het zelf: Winter decoratie die je zelf kan maken!
Stereotonous Monday
Quick travel question
I'm moving out, could use some advice.
Flemish lawmaker involved in murder?
Reddit hookup. Best girls in the world! Reddit recommend! [belgium]
British student tortured in Brussels by Belgian police, says lawyer
Internship position web development?
Best internet plans
What's the best place to search for a freelance web developer in Belgium?
Vlaming vreest de vluchtelingen
Check out this blogger/cartoonist who puts Belgium news into hilarious cartoons!
[Dutch][IT] Duo to acquire Nascom
Happy New 2016 Year in Brussels
Visiting Belgium in September. What are some romantic things you'd recommend doing?
Medical specializations in Belgium for foreigners (and/or job opportunities for doctors)
A lot of trouble is attributed to Islam ...
[Psychologie] Questionnaire
(Dutch) New incident in reactor Tihange 2
Casey Neistat calling out @vtmnieuws
[DUTCH] "Belgian families are the richest of Europe"
[French] Young flemish people want less independence than older flemish people.
'Links rijdt zich zo graag te pletter tegen de muur van zijn eigen grote ideologische gelijk' (opinion by Groen member Luckas Vander Taelen)
Praktijktesten om komaf te maken met “Samira, no, Cecile, yes”
Looking for stores near Ghent that sell glass pots, containers, boxes etc
Belgian girls?
Belgium’s charm defensive
‘Saudische fabriek legt CO2-bom onder Vlaanderen’
Road rager follows his target into to arms of the police
[Dutch] Drie op de vier asielzoekers zijn mannen
Index - Ancient History Encyclopedia
Infrabel betaalt 3,7 miljoen aan vertrekpremies vakbondslui (dutch)
Filmen op het dak van Brussel
Oh god this cunt. ''Teach men not to rape instead of pointing the fingers at immigrants."
Why is /r/bruges inactive?
peacefull mobs
Things to do / favorite places in Leuven?
Are there any English language podcasts about Belgium?
r/belgium isn't what it used to be.
Anyone from KUL studying in Leuven? If so, what field study and where do you study(library, residence,...)?
Opinie:'CM gaat zieltjes winnen bij de vluchtelingen'
Belgian community for Techies, talk in real-time with fellow people in tech
Demolishing Chateau De Noisy!
Alternatieven voor de treinstaking zonder stil te staan? Jep.
lots of love for Jeroom in /r/comics
[DUTCH] Missing signature that lead to the release of suspected murderer Christian Van Eyken, member of the Flemish Parliament, possibly because of understaffing
Homans: ‘Hopelijk bestaat België in 2025 niet meer’ [De Standaard - DUTCH]
My name is Xander De Rycke. AMA!
Rant away Wednesday
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..oas
Are the Brussels tunnels falling down?
Koud ASYA !!!!!
House of Indie's Screenshake 2016 in Antwerp.
Sold in Belgiun (desigual scam)
Raad van State heeft ernstige bezwaren bij nieuwe Uplace-plannen
This news has been censored throughout Reddit: Sexual assaults and robbery by refugees on a large scale in Cologne, Germany on NYE. What are your thougts?
Man from Hasselt (20) stabs woman (23) with broken beerbottle in face
NA NEW YORK, PARIJS &amp; LONDEN OPENDE IN 1985 DE ANCIENNE BELGIQUE IN ANTWERPEN. MEDE DOOR DE NIEUWE STIJL VAN MUZIEK WERD DE 'AB' DE 'PLACE-TO-BE' VOOR DE EUROPESE JETSET.
Debate between Crombez and De Wever
Free Talk Friday
Van al de mannelijke vrijgezellen voor Temptation Island verwacht ik wel het meeste van die Etienne
Crombez releases book: pro 30-hour week, Stimulation of Belgian small-to-medium-sized businesses, strong labour laws, equalisation of income tax vs. labour taxes.
The first skating lesson Part 2 Belgium Oudenaarde For children and th...
Toy Car in the shopping center in Brussels The Adventures of Mini Heroes
Free University of Brussels has vacancies where only refugees may apply for (Dutch article)
(Dutch) Origineel feest organiseren?
I would like the opinion of a Belgian cop regarding a book by a British cop about British policing
ama Carl Devos
Printing Cards against humanity
Mayer of Koksijde wants to deny refugees access to local swimming pool
Flemish nationalists break cover on Belgium’s future
King Filip visiting the DSU to thank them for the Verviers raid.
15 Years Later: Jozef en Johnny 'Het leven zoals het is rijschool'
Facebook tries to have November's court decision overruled, arguing that, among other reasons, "using English words (i.e. 'cookies', 'browser' ,..) during a Flemish-spoken trial is an infraction of Belgian language laws"
Bekermatch Gent - Brugge wordt uitgezonden op Club RTL
How to pre-order Oculus without credit card/PayPal?
Hello-looking for some help from people who speak nederlandais
Random Sentence Generator (Dutch)
[PSA] Let's turn /r/belgium back around
Need to make an invoice. Any advice?
Opinie: Mijd simplismen over economische impact vluchtelingen
Soldier in trouble after buying soup in lunchbreak.
TIL Two Belgian DHL Airliner pilots were shot down boven Baghdad in 2003 (warning: bad acting and English with hair on)
Giving a tip in Belgium
Stranded in Brussels, please help!
Getting to London from Brussels
Hoe kom ik er achter welk bedrijf voor postnl België bezorgt in Gent?
Opzoek naar een plek in een Deathcore/metalcore band.
Simulation de votre prêt en ligne
Tonight at 20:30 Lieven Scheire will do an AMA! In case you won't be able to be on-line then, you can leave your questions for him in this thread.
Dronken ouders vergaten baby op stoep
Belgium in four days (seeking sour beer, best use of our time)
Sports bar in Brugge?
Dinner/Entertainment Venues in Brussels?
Honden bijten agenten en baasje achtervolgt politie met riek...
Twee miljard winst onbelast (dutch)
Jupiler Pro League Highlights: Full Show 25th Jan 2016
Looking for recommendations for Antwerp stag-do.
Critical about an article in Knack that is critical about Wikipedia
ELI5 If we have to cut costs in our social security, why is nobody looking at automating them?
Salary Evolutions due to the Tax Shift [Form] - Explanation in the comments
Facebook has a new argument for their appeal in the privacy-trial. Using English words like 'browser' in the first court decision is in breach with language laws, they say.
Zo zal de 'sekscursus' voor asielzoekers eruitzien
'Hoe naïef kan N-VA zijn: de reputatie van Pol Van Den Driessche wordt nooit meer clean'
Half the population of Belgium
[Dutch] "Drie jonge Britten mishandeld door Brusselse politie"
Brugges during Christmas 2016
Kan iemand mij helpen deze economische tekst te vertalen? (engels)
Young people may have a much harder time buying a house in the future thanks to a new suggestion
Belgium to recover €700m from 35 multinationals
Brussels by numbers: Facts and figures for a truly international city
We made it to the front page again!
[Announcement] AMA with Xander De Rycke monday 25/01/2016 at 20:00!
Where to buy syringes
doel 1 shutdown (dutch)
Brussels youths pushing a car down escalators [X-post /R/wtf]
Belgium on Failarmy on 1.17". With police!
Looking for printing service
Van Overtveldt wil de vennootschapsbelasting verlagen tot 20%.
[Dutch (Video in EN)] Greek minister accuses Belgian minister of saying to push back the refugees [in to the sea] and to use illegal means.
Miss België 2016 Fails
From the Archives:
[Dutch] No arrests for childporn in mosque.
Refugee in Dunkirk flees to the UK because of extremist Muslims in Belgium and France
Filosoof Etienne Vermeersch pleit voor verbreding van het begrip vrijheid van meningsuiting: “Negationisme moet kunnen”
Foreign Language Film - Oscar Nominees
Construire l'espace politique européen dans/hors/contre l'Union européenne. En défense de "communs"
Question concerning receipts of a plumber
Monotonous Monday - early bird special
Pornhub Belgium stats 2015
Parket vraagt vrijlating Van Eyken wegens procedurefout.
Youths involved in honour killing (Dutch)
Flahaut: "Uitspraken N-VA-mandatarissen verbieden zou moediger zijn"
Could you spare a birthday card?
I am 18 years old and I love sex with unfamiliar guys. Register - arrange a meeting, it's free. 20+
Donald Trump says Belgium's capital is 'like living in a hellhole'
Muslim wishes Belgians and Dutch get mutilated by fireworks, "moderate" Muslims like and laugh with it on Facebook
Buying a used car in Belgium
questions about joining the air component as a foreigner.
Free Talk Friday
My boyfriend cheated on me and I decided to take revenge on him, registers, and look me in the nick: Girl325 [belgium]
Meanwhile in Brussels...
I still remember the Big Matox being renovated.
[French] 10 langues et dialectes de Wallonie
(re)learning French in Brussels
Launching soon: newsAnglr app from Belgian startup, all feedback welcome!
The best restaurant in the world is in Belgium
De grootschalige diefstal van video bij online nieuwsredacties
Child Focus betreurt bericht over vermiste jongen op Facebook
CD&amp;V wil snoeien in aftrekbaarheid beroepskosten
California Driver's License Exchange
Miss Belgium 2016 is miss Anvers
Balance Board Kopen
40% of flemish people aged 14-25 are in favor of the reintroduction of the death penalty
Quick is up for sale (dutch)
Cursus Fedasil moet respect voor vrouwen bijbrengen
"Historical figures have the right to be put in the historical context in which they lived." [Dutch][Opinion]
islamist finally uncloaked?
[netherlands] The Netherlands is always a bit ahead of us, so here is picture that captures the atmosphere of what Belgian children might be taught in schools in the next few years...
Second attempt; /u/Chimiel82 here, AMA
It snows again in Brussels!
N-VA schiet met scherp op rechtbankvoorzitter: “Ambt onwaardig”
[PDF] Belgian research and innovation system report for 2014
Really, Sporza?
(DUTCH) End of freebies to doctors from GSK (pharma)
Brussels New Year 2016: Angry "Youths" Torch 804 Cars, Push Car Into Subway, Blow Up Christmas Tree
[Announcement] AMA With Carl Devos Thursday 28/01/2016 at 14:00!
Mini political poll of /r/belgium
[request] Special needs kid birthday comes up. He likes cards, any cards, they soothe him. Let's make him happy with cards from around the world.
Vlinks: We need to stop seeing fellow countrymen with different ideologies as our enemies. Stop the hatred.
Debate between Crombez and De Wever
Encouragement message at library
Does anyone know about todays badminton tournament between schools around Ghent?
Youths destroy Christmas tree with bomb at Grand Place
Canadian wanting to live/work in Belgium for a year or more.
Best website or place where to look for flat or studio apartments to rent in the zone of Waterloo
TIL: The origin of the Belgian Lion
Islamvernieuwers met dood bedreigd
Belgium charges top ‘jihadist expert’ over false affidavit for detainee
Looking for goldenglobes livestream
To what degree is self defence legal in our country?
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my aaga
Herbalife Charleroi
Top 10 dingen die je niet wil horen op een zaterdagavond
Of which Islamic country is this the political list of candidates?
Brussels' government thinks about completely closing some of Brussels' tunnels (Cinquantenaire, Loi &amp; Leopold II)
Meanwhile in Brussels... (Credit: Ancienne Belgique)
[belgium] My name is AprilWarren, I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you guys free?
Bowie sings Brel - Port Of Amsterdam
How is life in brussels today? Ask someone in brussels.
What do I need to do when I want to start my own lottery?
Is it worth getting a masters degree?
Provigil in Pharmacies without prescription
What really happened with the pool-incident in Koksijde according to DIW
De Wever: ‘Enkel in sociale zekerheid nog veel geld te rapen’
If Flanders would be under the sea
Man, look at these Flemish scum, wishing death on people. We should totally take away their human rights.
How accommodating are Belgium restaurants to food allergy's?
Tomorrow: Brussels Erlang factory lite 2016
Future of Belgium when it comes to the language border
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my aodl
VR Hackathon Brussels | A hackathon for virtual reality &amp; immersive technologies!
Financial experts recommend that the government start taxing the interest on savings accounts.
How do you solve snoring problem? Which doctor you should visit to solve it?
Police interrogates asylum seekers after formal complaint of "ongewenst gedrag" at Lier swimming pool
"Alone all around Europe" He made a film while travelling alone 30 cities in Europe for 3 months. The scenes were filmed by passers-by willing to help him. (Bruges, Brussels scene clip)
Switzerland to implement conditional confiscation of assets in return for asylum
As /u/Forodor requested, I'm /u/Chimiel82 AMA
Great job on the AMA !
Donald Trump: Bruxelles? Un "enfer" où l'on veut "imposer la charia"
[French] Brussels' tunnel "Stéphanie" will be closed for at least one year (instead of opening back next Monday after two weeks of repairs)
Spiderman, throwing colleagues of the roof, little pony in the office and many more to hire a new purchaser
International organisations provide 121,000 jobs in Brussels
Populariteit NVA in vrije val
Wat kan je allemaal met een vijver in de Kempen doen... Funny
What Belgian youtube channels are you subscribed to?
Problemen met Scarlet internet?
[dutch] "Blokcast" a livestream of students learning for their exams to support and entertain other students! Livestream will start soon. (more info in the comments)
What is currently the best (gaming) PC i can get for &lt;1000 euro?
Surfers lachen met de 25 bv's die gratis auto kregen
A positive news-bit about the NMBS for once.
White masked stabber on the loose (dutch)
(Dutch) Seems there is another incident going on in Tihange 1. Belgium is continuously having issues with its nuclear power plants. Do you still feel safe?
Support message from our library
I'm travelling to Brussels, would appreciate some info
­Bilal Hadfi from Brussels commits a beheading in a new IS video
[belgium] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
De Rechtzetting: "Nederland eist zeggenschap over Antwerpen"
Doel 1 shutdown(dutch)
[dutch] "Blokcast" a livestream of students to entertain and support other students while learning for their exams. Livestream will start soon! Moor info in the comments.
