Effect of Climate Change on Evolution
Need help with analysing my Q-PCR results
Change genes of other species [Question/Discussion]
What is causing my cactus to be hurting?
Scientists found DNA-like molecule that assemble itself
Help support basic biological research! (more in comments)
Can I go for a PhD in Biology with my background?
Five women's pheromone tests!
How can a dermal LD50 be lower than an oral one?
[xpost from /r/plants] In a cold climate, do plants feel better when we feed them warm water instead of normal water?
A very old and established California botanical garden sold me a plant specimen (at a public plant sale) that is CITES protected. Should I be concerned?
Is this a good program for master studies in Ecology and Environmental Protection ?
I want to avenge my boyfriend! Help me! After registration and look me in the nick: BadGirl541 [biology]
Migration routes of 118 different bird species
Question about Figure 1 on Novick and Schekman 1980 paper
Are there any dicellular or tricellular organisms?
Took my first video under my microscope!
Desperately want this one specific job.
Question about Grad School
Mouse eye image taken with a Samsung Galaxy 4 attached to a slit-lamp microscope
Scientists bust myth that our bodies have more bacteria than human cells (x-post from /r/science)
Animazione Embriologia Umana 07 - Lo sviluppo dell'intestino primitivo
Science magazine chose The Scientific Breakthrough of the Year: CRISPR gene editing [0:50s video]
From neurobiologist to... librarian? I recently interviewed a colleague about what it's like to transition from doing stereology to working as a science informationist.
Important biology-related discoveries in 2015?
What is an example of something that undergoes Osmobiosis
Graduate school preparation advice?
To Save Its Salmon, California Calls in the Fish Matchmaker
Scientists Hope to Bring a Galápagos Tortoise Species Back to Life
'Rain-making' bacteria found around the world : Nature News
Understanding how to Demonstrates Link Between Stress and Decreased Mobility
Gene drive - take the wheel against malaria
The story of the Judas goat (aka the biggest act of betrayal in the animal kingdom)
All species of Culicidae (Mosquito) disappear tomorrow. What is the ecological impact?
AP Biology Help
What are the odds of finding an abroad job?
Biology Olympiad Help
Dear Reddit Ph.Ds, what is some advice you would give your past self with regards to graduate school (program selection, research topic, etc)?
Any entomologists out there? What is this thing?
Athena Institute goes through the studies that led up to the discovery of human pheromones
Real life King-Kong may have been doomed by changing landscape—and own size
Cordyceps ate a tarantula
Looking for a good gel electrophoresis calculation or resource.
Biology in the Philippines?
Dinosaur love nests unearthed by Colorado research group
The Menkes and Wilson disease genes counteract in copper toxicosis in Labrador retrievers: a new canine model for copper-metabolism disorders
Not sure if this is the right sub or not, but I have a question about degrees.
Enzymes and Ph levels.
Where to start after the master
Community dogs and their role in tick-borne diseases?
Error Found in Study of First Ancient African Genome
TIL 120 individuals representing all of the Darwin's Finches species and two of their close relatives had their genomes sequenced in 2015.
After graduating with a BSc in biology, I sent a year in community college to improve my GPA to apply to med school. While I go through the year long med school app process I want to work for a biotech company. What is the best way to explain my gap year in an interview?
REU Letter of Interest Question
Any advice on how to get a research internship without previous experience nor a great CV?
cDNA left at room temperature overnight, was it degraded? Can I still use it for further PCR?
What fields in biology do you think will be booming over the next decade or 2?
Pyruvate oxidation help
Essay topic help with biological hint
Are there radioactive waste in the space where its used x-ray equipment ?
Dissecting a garden snail
The Development of a Frog - Cleavage, Gastrulaion, Neurulation
Should I get a MLT or an MLS?
Pros and cons cloning [Genetics]
Question about hole in the jaw of Fallow Deer
Molecular Biology and Genetics in Modern Medicine | Health Sciences and Technology
Mystery Why Birds Don't Have Teeth Finally Solved: Inactive Genes : SCIENCE : Tech Times
Stanford biologists show flexible gene expressions regulating social status in male fish
I need help ASAP.
Is there a correlation if my left eye has better vision, I am left handed, and my penis points to the left?
setup2.py missing when installing PyMol on Ubuntu
[Serious] Why do Asian people have black hair?
What is the difference between Biotechnology and Biomedical Science?
Brief Candle in the Dark - with Richard Dawkins "Richard Dawkins discusses the key individuals, institutions and ideas that have inspired and motivated him since the publication of ‘The Selfish Gene’ in 1976."
is E.O Wilson not taking serious anymore?
What should I say and do to get an internship as a high school student?
Grad Student Time Management Help
Memory capacity of brain is 10 times more than previously thought
Tardigrade experiments
Open datasets for Biology
Do parasites prefer certain traits and genetics in a host, and if so..
People....what are the bio (and related) majors doing??
In silkworms, the dominant allele for cocoon color is yellow and the recessive allele is white. If one parent is homozygous dominant and the other parent is heterozygous and they are bred together, what are the possible genotypes and phenotypes of the offspring?
Met with a scientist about undergrad research and probably gave a poor impression of myself..(x-post from /AskAcademia)
Determining molarity
Francis Crick`s thoughts on human experiments
Francis Crick`s thoughts on animal experiments
Cool and interesting guide to fundamental biology topics! Explore and build upon your scientific literacy :)
Is biological sex a social construct?
DNA synthesis (RNA degradation question.)
A question about telomerase (DNA Replication)
Haven't found a job in 4.5 years, at this point it's either going for a PhD or off to prison just to eat.
Evolution speed up in a computer program
Evolution of Kangaroo-Like Jerboas Sheds Light on Limb Development
How do sulphonylureas work if cells are insulin resistant?
Stem Cells of the Mouse Colon
Scientists are testing COTSbot, an automated robot programmed to kill starfish destroying coral reefs
Why elephants don't get cancer
Answer to A blood vessel is 0.10m in length and has a radius of #1.5 * 10^-3# m. Blood of viscosity, #4.0 * 10^-3# #Pa*s# flows at a rate of #1.0*10^-7##m^3##/##s#. What is the pressure difference between the two ends of the vessel?
Poachers using science papers to target newly discovered species
Can i use a scanning electron microscope to describe a V-ATPase on the vacuole's tonoplast?
Take the journey of pheromone discovery
How do power and radius change affect of UV radiation on cells?
Field and museum work?
Anyone with experience with wildlife camera traps?
In figure 2, why is the output e*,f*,g* instead of d*,e*,f*,g*? Why is d* not included?
Google Genomics - Store, process, explore and share genomics information
Excellent Nat Geo article about the evolution of eyes. Featuring some of the worlds strangest visual systems: Scallops, and Box Jellies and Mantis Shrimp! Oh my!
Looking for community feedback on the role of preprints in biology (&lt;5min survey)
Humpback Whales Returning to Hawaii from Alaska Slower Than Usual
The origin of life. (Not human life, life)
Nisin: A Food preservative kills cancer cells
Any Good Evolutionary Documentries?
If you consumed an unlimited amount of water, sodium, and potassium, what would become problematic first?
Graduating from college in the spring with a B.S. in Biology, where should I apply?
Any introduction to biology?
Difficult course called Systematic and phylogeny of algae, fungi and lichenes.
I don't know if I should choose biomimetics or behavioural biology in my master degree, help
brain can be in 'equilibrium', just like thermo system
Vеrу bоring :( I'll hаvе fun hеrе, but fоr rеgistrеd аnd оnlу..
In the diagram, what is X and Y? (EM)
Looking for assistance in finding an interesting research article related to plant biology or ecology. I've combed numerous journals, but found nothing that piqued my interest.
"Untold Stories of Science" blog about women in science - the story of Rosalind Franklin
Study find promising results in treating age-related decline in muscle mass and power
Need help identifying a certain microorganism
Is there any genotoxic effect of X-Ray at patients?
Is leucine glucogenic, after all?
What are the god-tier books of your field/sub-field?
Results of our first class in Science-Communication
Graduate school-tips
What are your indirect costs?
Field Biology Project Ideas?
Question on transformation
How does gene walking work? [ELI5]
50-cent microscope that could change healthcare in developing countries
Lecturer needs help naming new tree he discovered in Africa
Fun with Biology :)
The top 5 environmental conservation victories of 2015
DNA Supercoils Change the Way That Cells Work
Graduating with a Masters in Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology in May. What sorts of jobs should I be looking for that likely aren't on my radar?
How much truth is in the statement "Every cell in our bodies is destroyed and replaced every 7 years?"
Sponge spicules are the bane of my life right now working through deep sea benthic samples, constantly getting pricked by them.
El Niño and the Galápagos (x-post from /r/climate)
Two of my pet slugs died last night. Any ideas on what happened?
Can enhancers allow transposons in introns be transcribed?
help...I accidentally agreed to become a biology lab tutor for homeschooled kids in a creationist curriculum.
Conservation biology questions
How to gain relevant lab experience?
Pseudocolouring and Merging IF images in Photoshop
Life first emerged from energy gradients, not molecules of information transfer
What is a GMO? GMO's, Mutagenesis and Selective Breeding
[biology] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:ansaaadttlaaoa
What's the exact process of cutting the RNA tail
How Mammalian Cells Acquire Copper: An Essential but Potentially Toxic Metal
Question about major/jobs with wildlife
Help saving hackerspace bio lab
Advice on careers in plant sciences?
Whats a good topic for Genetic Disease
Uneven distribution of allosomes
Stunning 3D Biology Animation - Art of the Cell
[biology] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
New Approaches for In Vivo Modulation of Gene Expression in Lymphocytes: $25k award Challenge
Need help classifying some insects, I am unsure in some of my choices
DNA versus RNA as a template for PCR.
Locomotion analysis of Danio rerio
Why does the ingestion of botulinum toxin have such a delayed effect (18 to 36) hours? Since the bacteria cannot actively grow inside the adult digestive tract?
Human evolution in varied environmental circumstances for my Writing coursework!
Ugliness Takes The Edge From Beauty
Applying to Grad school, looking for a CV review
Reference Advice
Please help me with this question!
Cervical Cancer Prevention Week: Pap-test result in 2 seconds instead of 2 weeks
Epigenome Maps Uncover New Detail Into Human Organs
What will happen to a mitochondrion if it accumulates too much pyruvic acid?
What is this white-ish dust (for lack of a better word) that is appearing on my plant?
[biology] I meet a man for s*x. Join Now - it's free.
Which gender of modern human made love to which gender of Neanderthal?
I need help with ribsomes and codons... bio sucks &gt;.&lt;
Recombination of 3 viruses?
would lead poisoning be considered reversible inhibition in enzymes, or are the effects irreversible?
Shape-shifting worm creates five different versions of itself
Possible topics for an evolution class term paper
How do pheromones work?
Deep-sea fish uses reflective mirror eyes to focus light from below.
What do u folks think of the Cladistics #ParsimonyGate controversy?
Microtubules, assemble! Understanding self-organization may lead to better drug design and new materials
Cold temperatures may help shed pounds
This spider's mating dance just got real
Phenotypic Cell-based Assays for Target Identification through a Chemogenomics Library Challenge
How do I get better at Biology?
Difficult course called Systematic and phylogeny of algae, mycophyta and lichenes.
Viruses should be considered living things.
Do you have a favorite biology related video or clip?
What happens to our cells when we die?
Inside the Eye: Nature’s Most Exquisite Creation
Help sequence the first prairie dog genome!
Is there such thing as CTP, TTP, or UTP in a cell?
Animation on DNA electrophoresis needs a feedback
Questions about citations
[molecular biology]What is the state of the study of plasma membranes?
Abroad studies ?
Human evolution in different environmental circumstances
If seeing is so important, then why can't eyes heal??
After Browsing /r/biology a few months...
Biologists Examine Big Alaska Seabird Die-Off [x-post r/ornithology]
Six-Legged Giant Finds Secret Hideaway, Hides For 80 Years: NPR
Hypercarnivorous apex predator could provide ecosystem services by dispersing seeds
Need help with a genetics question?
What makes a good research assistant/lab manager?
The History of Life in one minute
Why is an insects size restrained by its respiratory system?
Free Artificial Life Simulator Avaialable for iPad
Biological animation
should a biology major take Calculus II?
Need some tips for PhD interviews coming soon!
Why Pain of Ear Pressure While Flying Changes If Sleeping
How do you keep your lab organized? Looking for web tools
Help!! I need to identify this Diatom but i can't find it anywhere
Addressing reproducibility: Meta-Research: Broadening the Scope of PLOS Biology
[biology] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Advice? Criminology (forensic biology) vs. biostatistics
A question about the microorganism called salmonella?
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
Has This Microbiologist Found the Answer to Antibiotic Resistance?
Why can't you have single-direction facilitated diffusion, that would, without an input of energy, create a concentration gradient?
x-post from /r/chemistry: Extraction from a freeze-dried supernatant: ethyl acetate, methanol or another solvent?
Multiple choice Question
Why is warm air lighter than cold air?
Need some serious help!
Why can't animals convert fatty acids into glucose?
How strong are family ties in wildlife?
How do you interpret *those* biochemistry charts?
20 Ukrainian soldiers have died and over 200 soldiers are hospitalized in a short period of time because of new and deadly virus, which is immune to all medicines
Seasonal reproductive endothermy in tegu lizards
RNA Modifications Mapped, Major Epigenetic Breakthrough
Some food for thought for those interviewing at grad programs this spring
Can you ingest cellulase in order to digest plants and extract nutrients better?
What are "they" good at?
Are there any proven methods to assess the functionality of multiple enhancers simultaneously using next generation sequencing?
Frog Gastrulation - Video Lesson Embryology (Amphibian)
Genetic Flip Helped Organisms Go From One Cell to Many
Could this be fungi on my seeds?
Is this statement correct? "Lactose persistence (i.e. the ability for humans to drink and digest milk in adulthood) first started in humans in Europe, only around 10,000 years ago. It spread quickly because it is a dominant gene and offered strong evolutionary advantages"
I want to be a wildlife biologist
t-test help required
Career Opportunties
Meiosis and Mitosis.
Genetic study provides groundbreaking insight into biological origin of schizophrenia
Parts of your body you didn't know had names
This might be low effort, but it's two people as birds of paradise.
Interested in DIY bio - Cloning my cat
Is It Possible For An Organism With A Brain To Not Require Sleep?
I'm an undergrad bio student, and will be performing an experiment using algae to consume CO2 in salt water. Any advice would be great.
Hiring an Experienced Biology Educator for our Content Team (Austin, TX)
Need help with qPCR data analysis using delta delta CT method
Labeling pictures of meiosis steps
The Villain of CRISPR
[biology] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Stem Cells of the Mouse Colon
Hi, I'm a graduate student. Are there any promising startups/projects working on wildlife conservation/biodiversity loss?
Graduate degree for research management?
Why having only one X chromosome causes a medical condition?
Does anyone know where I can purchase this textbook online?
How do you perform crosses when given the frequency of recombination?
optometry research
Summer schools?
What field of Biology are you involved in and how did you get there?
Perhaps the most monumental advance of humankind: the cheap, simple and fast revolutionary CRISPR gene editing is available now to almost everyone
Webcomic - Scout tries to make GM plants to grow on Titan.
We don't know which species should be classed as 'human'
Are introns regulatory genes?
What are interesting books about history of biological research in the last 20-30 years?
Meeting with professor re: potential internship/placement. Advice?
UT Southwestern Medical Center Summer Undergrad Research Fellowship! (deadline Feb 9)
The physics of life
*Question* Transgenic Spider Goats
Thoughts on a path, post-undergrad
Any limits for how long gene genetic engineering/gene technology should go in terms of helping humans becoming healthy and capable?
Body Biology: Any reason why I feel pretty great when I hear some very "adrenaline" Music ?
Geckos are size limit for sticking to walls - Oh No! Then what about Spider man?
A behemoth in Leviathan's crypt: Second Cryptomaster daddy longlegs species
Bioinformatics Market - Opportunities and Forecasts, 2013 - 2020
Chitchat and small talk could serve an evolutionary need to bond with others
Nerve Cells? HELP
3d Animation on 'Pulsed-Field Gel Electrophoresis' and DNA 'Double Strand Break' needs a feedback.
Why did you remove my previous post?
Biology instructor said humans aren't animals
You want to study a microbial community, how do you do it?
Biology - The new language on the block
A workbook that tries to build empathy between evolutionists and Christians, instead of promoting arguments with each other
How to determine binding energy of protein from PDB?
Cows in skyscrapers?
The irony in ridiculing B.o.B
Science Major Employment Opportunities.
While looking for a mammalian Latin/Greek lexicon I stumbled onto ITIS.gov- "Here you will find authoritative taxonomic information on plants, animals, fungi, and microbes of... the world..." NOT A LEXICON Tho~
New Worm Species Forms Five Different Faces, Depending on Surrounding Food Supply
Thought I'd share my plant genetics research project as part of my American Society of Plant Biology summer fellowship
The rise of Artemisinin: the malaria wonder-drug
PubMed's "advanced" search feature doesn't seem to work for Titles. Does anyone else get this problem, or have an explanation?
Does anyone else have difficulty with antibiotic selection in mammalian cell lines?
Just finished Biology undergrad. Feel pretty lost about what I wanna do now, any advice?
Help with research
Polycomb group proteins - what are the origins of the name?
Science Research Mentors?
Post-grad seeking advice on how to get an internship in industry or in a lab at an institution.
Overview of the Immune System
How to Train Your Bacterium: Berkeley Lab Scientists Teach Bacterium a New Trick for Artificial Photosynthesis
Image processing starts in the eye before sending signals to brain
Mechanisms of embryonic wound healing - unleashed
She write yourself first! Not payments, and othershit alagaigo
Help with homework
Thought questions in Biology
Please help me identify this bird skull? (plus a story on how it was acquired)
Can damaged DNA be repaired (double-strand breaks), or is cancer is inevitable?
Is there a taxon regrouping animals with tongues?
How did humans start walking upright unlike their ancient predecessors?
Is this the right place to ask for help with an online lab I'm doing for class?
After lack of adequate sleep or prolonged sleep deprivation, does the body fully heal from the effects?
Questions for PhD holders in biology!
Buckeye butterfly (Junonia coenia) resting on a Lady fern (Athyrium felix-femina) in the Redwood forest
Quantum biology continues to intrigue: "What if you were told that a single proton or electron can influence the behavior of an entire biological molecule? Would you snort with derision or give the idea some serious thought?"
Researchers pinpoint site of Salem witch hangings
Treatment of deadly brain cancer - Vital driver found
[biology] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:laaaaigss
Can someone help me identify this?
Learning about plants and how they recycle CO2
3d Animation on 'Pulsed-Field Gel Electrophoresis' and DNA 'Double Strand Break' needs a feedback.
Are there any disciplines where biology and robotics cross?
How does Calcium Chloride effect bacterial growth?
Two of my pet leopard slugs died last night. Any ideas on why?
Would nifedipine block the action of tolbutamide? In terms of insulin secretion
In which conditions would transparent skin be an evolutionary advantage?
World's oldest living animal, Jonathan the Tortoise, gets a new lease of life after vet puts him on a healthy diet... at the age of 183.
Question about inserting a gene into a plasmid and the insertion point.
How would a cell biology PhD program be different if it were in a medical department of a school versus the biology department?
Is there any decorative oil lamp that is child-safe?
The origin of life. (Not human life, life.)
If we could genetically engineer a breed of human to be lab rats, e.g. we reduce their mentality and psychology to that of a mouse, or lower, or somehow disable conscience, would it be as ethical to test on them as a mouse?
This is how we know when a species goes extinct
A Living Ising Model: Bacterial Vortex Lattices
Dark Proteome Reveals Its Creative Side: The rewards of disorder
Biology Associations
Macroevolution - I think my bio professor is teaching from a creationist point of view, but just want to double check.
Help request: Extended essay on simbiotic relationships
Anatomy of Houdini smoke solver. Part 1
Carnivorous Plant Eats FROG and MOUSE. KILLER PLANTS!
3d Animation: Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (link to video and article in description)
Image J Users- need advice for plug-ins to use for data analysis
Would you ever support genomic advancements that allow us to eliminate certain traits from the gene pool?
Prokaryotic gene expression: When do you use the abbreviation "bp"?
Do phyla have synapomorphies or do classes within a phylum have synapomorphies?
Is it possible to tell which part of the body epithelium cells originated WITHOUT microscopy?
Immune System of Human Body(Infographic)
The Philtrum - it used to do a lot more
Renegade scientist Robert Trivers is lauded as one of our greatest thinkers—despite irking academia with blunt talk and bad manners
Are there any genotoxic effects of X-Ray at patients?
To what degree can membrane properties regulated?
Anyone here working on an 'organ-on-a-chip'? What can you tell me that I won't find with a Google search?
Homework1.com offers best Biology Homework Help
Protein Structure Font for Windows/Mac/Linux (TTF)
Need advice about undergrad research ideas.
Diatomists represent!
DNA terminology
This is the greatest Western in the world... Tribute
SBOBET Asia Terpercaya - SBOBET Online Indonesia - Bonus 10
Biology? certainly evolution. Some thoughts on cultural evolution and cultural inheritance
Are there any free programs that let me store and annotate pdfs of journal articles?
Recent graduate with a B.S in biology. Hate lab work
What is the difference between a-type mating strain and an alpha type-strain??
[biology] Tonya Jones - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Epigenetics and Metabolism - help
Can someone help me understand what's going on with these egg cells?
Maternal DNA Methylation Regulates Early Trophoblast Development
The Battle Over CRISPR Could Make Or Break Some Biotech Companies
The Best biotherapy
18 ways to save science - some new ideas...
Genes and Odors Underlying the Recent Evolution of Mosquito Preference for Humans
Are there any research/lab animal-friendly subreddits?
Does any one have any idea of two different signal transduction pathways which display synergy/antagonism?
TIL that the word prokaryote is Greek for "before a kernel" (cellular biology).
Help - Late Learner :D (Biology - Zoology (Life Goal))
Are all species linked through DNA to one common ancestor?
Fructose metabolism
Does desire exist?
How do glucose levels in a cell affect AMP levels ?
Looking for a mass spec fragment identification tool
Looking for research experience
The Heroes of CRISPR - Eric Lander
[biology] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
What physical adaptations would be required for a species to survive on Mercury?
Human Behavioral Biology lectures by Robert Sapolsky
I thought you guys might appreciate this scientific illustration I just finished of Puma concolor.
Help me feel good about first job post-college
Undergrad summer internships without rec letters?
Made a mistake in the lab on Friday and left DNA floating in thawed ice water at room temperature over the weekend... is it still usable?
Human cloning Discussion
Question: Differences between single-read and paired-end sequencing?
Yes, There Are GMOs In Your DNA. If Not, You're Dead
[Question, help please!] Why are pseudogenes important in the context of molecular diagnostics?
Why do we have taste buds on our anus?
Série enem biologia protistas
staining the dead and alive
Could anyone recommend a good book on synthetic biology?
What's the best way to measure carbon dioxide in liquid bacterial culture? (x-post from r/Microbiology)
the differences between Utilization Distribution and Resource Selection Function in wildlife studies.
Are Cyanobacteria plants?
BioTechniques - Building a Better Vaccine for Tumor Immunotherapy
CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing technique now more precise! High-fidelity Cas9 nuclease variant developed that produces almost no detectable gene-editing errors
"The Inner Life of the Cell" - John Liebler
Feeding on the dead – necrophagy in the world's longest worm (nemertean swallowing four whole annelids in a row)
Help with "other relevant info" on an application.
I need the allberts molecular biology of the cell artwork 6e
What should I do for undergrad studies?
The knowledge of the bee's hidden importance far out dates the scientific method.
Acetylcholine &amp; Atropine effects on insulin secretion
What could be expected to happen to the remaining cyclins if cyclin D1 is downregulated?
The schedule for the 2016 series for Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops has been released
I found these under my dogs bed outside after being rained on. Maybe you guys could shed some light on this situation.
Ants found to encode nest structural plans in building materials
How we rediscovered ‘extinct’ giant tortoises in the Galápagos Islands – and how to save them
Biology vs Physics: Two Ways of Doing Science? Teleology, teleonomy, and experiment as "question put to nature."
Idaho mountain lion had teeth growing from forehead
Who are the people on the Genewiz homepage? I've been logging onto that site for 8 years now and I've always wondered if they still work for Genewiz.
What enzyme is Hank talking about at 8:03 - 8:23 that creates ATP? I thought only ATP Synthase could do that.
I am a biology major with a year left before graduating. I am having second thoughts about my major due to the career field post grad. What should I do?
Algal Isolation Techniques in Detail
Experience with Frontier / society for environmental exploration?
Do most inorganic particles (about 1 µm to 1 mm in size) pass through the human body without affecting anything?
How does a mutation become heritable?
Graduated college over a year ago and going for an interview at a genetics company. I used to know everything about genetics but have gotten rusty over time, what's the best way to brush up on all the little intricacies of human genetics that I used to know in case anyone tests my knowledge?
Arctic Fox Centre in Súðavík (Iceland) looking for summer volunteers.
Life span of bone marrow cells?
Pheromones-- participants in human sex life
The Hottest Weight Loss Solution! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion!
Im currently a sophomore looking to apply for a combined BS/MS degree in cellular bio and Im curious as to whether 3.3 is a decent cumulative GPA for it
De Novo Genes From Non-Coding Regions of DNA
Stem Cells of the Mouse Colon
I live in the San Francisco Bay area; after 4 years of drought, I can't tell you guys how happy I am to be finding these little guys around again!
Two new species of frogs are discovered in Madagascar
How Strange Twists in DNA Orchestrate Life
Any online video classes about cancer suited for someone with some biochem background?
Help me choose a microscope.
Next step after Biology major
"There are no steric clashes in beta strands". What does that mean ?
A quesiton about my friend's term paper, unbound ligand state of 1a52
Could parental leave actually be good for my academic career in biomedical sciences?
Immunofluorescence of human endothelial cells
Which organelle "transports the garbage outside of the cell"?
Hardy Weinberh Equilibrium worksheet question - Have I done this correctly? Please and thank you!
Is the surface pro 3 a good tablet/laptop for generating paper worthy figures?
Humboldt State University a good school for Biology?
Supervised research ideas for college student interested in Molecular biology?
Best US College For Biology
MutationPlanet, an Evolution Simulator!
In thе еvеnings quitе bоrning, оftеn lооking fоr a partnеr havе fun whеn rеady - rеgistеrs.
Scientists: Engage the Public! (Editorial in mBio)
According to a study published last week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, dog domestication may have caused harmful genetic changes.
What is the difference between cellular and molecular biology?
Underfunded Scientists Force Lipstick-Covered Rat With Cancer To Run Through Maze
I found a weird thing with a scanning electron microscope- help me ID? (details in comments)
Citizen Scientists Finding New Reptile Species in Southern California
How did both fungi and arthropods evolve chitin, but vertebrates don't have it?
If you were to lay something like a laptop on your chest, what kind of damage would that do to your chest, assuming you able to leave it there for long enough?
[Question from someone from math] How do biological/biomedical journals "work"? Which ones are free?
[Question] What actual colour are neurons in the brain?
What's the difference between modern evolutionary synthesis and extended evolutionary synthesis?
Biology Homework help needed.
Need help with finding paper relating a particular assay method
I'm looking for Plate Reader software, Help!
Biobanking - Future is expected to be one of the biggest drivers of growth in the Pipeline Analysis Market.
What kind of job have you or someone you know of gotten after getting a masters in biomedical sciences or other biology related field?
Biology for Undergrad?
Do all RNA viruses replicate through a DNA intermediate?
Is it possible to create and fund your own lab at home without going through the "route" of becoming a PI?
Why do mixed-race children have mixed skin color and not one color of dominant gene?
Genetics/Virology research.
Elementary question on mobilization of hematopoietic cells
Biomedical researchers finally standing up for themselves.
Propolis: An Enrichment Material for Mycelium Development of Oyster Mushroom (Pleurotus ostreatus)
Molecular Biology and Genetics • /r/epigenetics
Placobdella parasitica (A Type of Leech) From a Turtle | AAA
He's a good at identify animals as I am plants
Swallowtail Butterfly Has Record Number Of Vision Cells
3 Organic Compounds That Can Stop or Even Reverse Aging
I have a BS in Biology. Any tips on finding a job in a different state?
Does all blood smell the same?
How to compost linoleum floor?
Any good podcasts?
What are the most interesting things I can do while working as a Biologist?
S.pombe Genetics Puzzle [X-post /r/Genetics]
Circulatory System • Biology - Xlskoor
Explore 3D cell cultures with no chemical staining, no mislabelling
Octopus Stinkhorn - A fungus that bursts from an egg-like structure with sticky tentacles like it's from a sci-fi/horror flick.
Gut bacteria help cabbage fly survive toxins
Hi! 16-year old conducting an experiment regarding growth of plants, I've gotten some confusing results, wondering if I could get some holy wisdom?
Is life inevitable?
Is there a site with databases of signaling pahways?
If mankind could re-design the human back, what changes would be made?
Is adding on your resumé any type of coding that you know of enough? Or do you have to show some type of diploma or degree of some sort?
[question]How to explain the Acetabularia regeneration from a stem without a nucleus ?
Can a cockroach get nutrients from eating styrofoam? Last night I saw/ heard a cockroach eating a styrofoam plate.
Visionary biologist explains why reversing old age won't be available just for rich people
"Individual bacterial cells have short memories. But groups of bacteria can develop a collective memory that can increase their tolerance to stress. This has been demonstrated experimentally for the first time in a study by Eawag and ETH Zurich scientists published in PNAS."
I drew a detailed scheme of how a male inserts his fertilizer into female's rectum.
Would mass genetic ancestry testing stop racism?
How feasible is it to minor in biology? Are there any jobs It helps my chances at getting? What will I learn? Will I be better prepared for anthropology work at national geographic as an documentarian?
Biotech and Business Degree
Do you want to know how 3D microscope bares chromatin secrets?
[Question] What is the organ with most muscles in the body?
Question about molecular genetics - in particular phylogenetic relationships.
Lab Help? culturing 293t cells
Why hair becomes gray when people get old?
