Internal Render - Motion Blur (Vector Blur) doesn't work with bone-animations?
Help getting into blender.
Blender learning crisis
Need Some 1on1 Guidance with Short Intro Video
Halo material alpha based on particle velocity?
Any way to get a "PBR" effect on the real-time viewport in Blender these days?
Music animation for M.I.A. - Paper Planes, completely done in Blender and After Effects
Sculpting Study: Skull
Top 6 Best Cheap Blenders Reviews | Best Cheap Blender 2016
VERY new to blender, (this is day 3), I made the smaller rectangle then made the larger one, but now when I try and move 1 both move. I've tried deselecting all and just selecting 1 object, but they are linked. Do I need to scrap and start over?
Continuing on my modelling quest, another "No Man's Sky" inspired ship!
Happy New Year!
Boot prints through beach
Small test render for a rocky grass landscape. C&amp;C especially regarding materials welcome.
My first scene that isn't made with a tutorial. C&amp;C very much welcome.
Is there an add-on out there for what I need?
Curious: Those of you who did 3D Animation for University, what did you have to do for your portfolio?
Tutorials on Animation Node (addon)
Help - How to transition between multiple uv images.
Hey r/blender here's a quick lighting tip I've figured out recently.
Minimalist PC designs
An isometric render of CoD4's mp_crash!
Bionicle: Toa Tahu render using parts from LDraw
[Tutorial] Twisted/Swirled Tree - Low Poly
Is there any way to remove parent influences on a bone during animation without moving the bone itself on the process?
Volumetric Lighting by leb Alexandrov
This looks like it'll be a nice little feature to have coming up in 2.77
Modeling for game dev: should characters be all one piece or broken up into multiple pieces? (xpost /r/gamedev)
Render for fun
I've tried to make a little 80s animation
Two further experiments in tracing paths using particles following complex motion. Light and smoke.
InstantRetopo- GP Edgeflow
Newest (and most difficult) interior scene that I’ve rendered. Tell me what you think!
Automatic Retopology under development(InstantRetopo)
WIP Winchester 1895
Tree in a cave
Fracture trail loop
Render of a big transport/exploration ship, I made a while ago, and continued to detail a bit.
Work in Progress Planet Surface
Retopology question
Help - Animation easing hell!
Dynamic hair going crazy - Please help!
Substance Painter. Worth buying?
just something abstract
Comparison between my first run cycle and the last one I've just finished.
A towel. My first render in Blender
[Time-Lapse] Low Poly Kitchen (x-post r/low_poly)
Process Growth Pains - Protobacillus Variant
Warning: Bone Heat Weighting: failed to find solution for one or more bones ????
Video: New Hair Dynamics Settings in Blender
Started learning landscapes and sculpting (... and texturing tricks ) C&amp;C me!
How would I go about "freezing" a smoke sim?
Need help with widening a track.
[Help] How do I change brush radius without using the slider?
Floating House Made in Blender, Composited in After Effects
Does anyone know how to make this ship simulation with foam and waves in Blender?
My top renders from 2015. Which ones are your favorites?
My first cartoon styled character, let me know what you think
Seeing as I started on Blender, I thought why not share my art work here! :D
WIP Spaceship, C&amp;C are welcome !
Getting ready to print my own statue, Maka from SoulEater
Experimenting with physics constraints
Can't apply this texture to the full height, please help!
Is there a good place to host team projects?
May I have an archive of python scripts / plug-ins plz :)
Pelt-mapping tool for Blender?
Any archviz professionals here? Could you maybe offer some beginner tips or shine some light in your workflow?
BLender Cycles Interior scene based on photo with i found in google, coments are welcome!
Starting with blender, quick query..
Steve the Spartan!
Speed model: Blaster Master tank
[blender] My nаme is Profile.Nаme. I - а nymphomаniаc! I wаnt to hаve sex.
My first animation. Have to start somewhere.
Crime Scene (Criticism Appreciated)
Corporate / promo: 7 scenes in a bloody short time, 90% done in Blender
Afloat in the harbour (project from view)
Simplest export script?
Designing models for use with simple textures
Are there more texture nodes?
Can someone explain how to get AMD GPU rendering working.
Video tutorial for particle transformation between one text and another
Orange parts in the Texture display
Newton's Cradle
I modeled my key fob! Tell me what you think!
Some Isometric lowpoly Igloo Scene I did for practice
Got inspired by Inception today
An Inside Out inspired room for a project
A tutorial on how to add text on a 3D model using Blender
Sims/Demos for Space Science education
Help with landscape
How to make fluids not blob through my object?
What you think about Blender for video editing?
How to split action into multiple?
Blender's rock generator doesnt work
Painting Over 3D Landscapes
Can i get some feedback on the modeling of this dinosaur?
4 days using Blender and this is my biggest model so far.
Low-res, pixely burger
Inception inspired vol. 2 (Now with more tops and heavier wobbling!)
I'm making a Settlers of Catan render. I'm a little rusty and would like some feedback.
Pufferfish [Sculpted in Sculptris, Blender for Decimate, Edge-Split and Mist]
Animated Wing - Making Of
Old Knight Game Character
High res texture, low poly zombie character. I got to 3400 vertices. First time trying to make a char like this.
Critics on this sword model i made?
How do you flatten a vortex force field?
[January Contest] KV-1 Tank
Beginner Modelling of a cartoon head.. Followed mostly on guides but did this on my own. How do I improve in blender?
Problem with moving points
I accidentally made Suzanne's eyes to pop out
Light Sailer Concept Art
Blender FPS Animations and Sound Effects
Would Blender be a good program for wireframe animations like in this GIF? Or would you use another program. I guess it's made with camera/object tracking.
So i have this one problem when i am baking normal map for my low poly orc from high poly orc. how can i like disable that it only bakes the high poly to normal map?
[OFFER] LOOKING FOR MODELERS
New laptop, gtx 960m, compute device CPU. Anything I can do?
A helpful tip to people who make VFX with Blender models and want to import tracking data to Blender.
Footroll problem - Heel Roll lifts whole foot instead of rolling heel
first model i'm really proud of, 4 days into learning
Can anyone recommend the best book to learn blender? The manual has lots of info, but doesn't start from the beginning, it's just a huge document about the program I should probably read later on?
[HELP] Trying to re-create a scene I saw from Andrew Price, I have the sprinkles as a particle system. How can I get them to "spawn" on a random Z rotation, reletative to the angle at which they generate, but not a random x/y rotation?
I made an Alien Space Ship over the last 4 days! C&amp;C appreciated!
I'm currently doing a tutorial, and for some reason my cycles render isn't working like it is in the video. Does anyone know how to stop it from being so grainy? (image for reference)
Some WIP shots for a "No Man's Sky" animation I'm working on!
How do I add "camera imperfections"?
Can someone explain how to create procedural metal in LuxBlend?
Cycles Depth of Field is quite grainy, is there a way to get less grain except for more samples?
Request for Help: 3D promo video cost estimate
Hey, I'm Britney and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Styracosaurus WIP
Blender Simple Dragon Breath [Envir: 50 Samples - Fire: 8 Samples, Res 120, Hi-Res 3]
I'm really new to blender and have made this so far, was wondering how to add fog and other effects to make it more realistic?
Classic Batmobile, C&amp;C Welcome
How do I control video speed with audio?
Help to learn nodes
Nutty Blender Bender
Blender Computer Optimization
Quick question from a beginner
How do you edit the properties of multiple clips in the VSE?
How do you make very precise models?
GOLDΞN - a new minimal piece of mine
My best render so far
Why i getting this horrible white thing in my render?,all was ok and later i tried to use volumetric light for a test, and i deleted ,i render again an appeared.
Low Poly : Tropical Island
Proceratosaurus WIP
M4, hope you like!
design alternatives
Is there any way I can commission someone to make something in Blender for me?
Weight Painting Question.
Anyone interested in a Blender livestream?
One week of Blender (and 3d art). My third project. Criticism welcome.
A salvaged grill I made for the game 'Rust'
Dorm Room - Looking for feedback!
InstantRetopo: Interactive quadflow
Blender Game Character Texture Painting 01
Made my first actual model by myself (I need help with normal mapping and removing the grain from the render)
How do I make an object follow another object while rotating around it?
Keyboard recommendation
Could someone please advise me on rendering in Blender Render, a UV texture on top of a material marked transparent...
Question: IKs or Meta Rig
Caminandes: Llamigos - Blender (NEW) Animated Short
To start learning arch vis modelling/rendering I created imaginary gallery rooms for our Facebook photography group.
endless loop satellite
I made a scene for the sole purpose of showing off my lava material. I may have gotten carried away
Rainbow Tubes - Thanks to /u/otacon239 for the final render!
NSFW Club Vixxxen Motion Capture, New breast physics and new Rig test MHX2
Does anyone know what has happened to Image wrap in the latest version of Blender?
How do you use Blender? Im making a FNaF fangame.
4th Hole - Band Logo Animation
First ever Blender project finished! What do you guys think?
New(ish) to blender looking for feedback on T-virus model
I made a wallpaper for you guys.
vehicle time-lapse in blender. (What's the theme used?)
*SHOWING OFF* My most recent render using the Cycles Render Engine.
I think I'm getting the hang of modeling, but I'm still trash at setting up renders. How can I improve this? I'm trying to go for a glassy toy ship sort of feel.
Practicing low key lighting
First two renders
My first shot at toon shading in Blender, inspired by Wendelstein 7-X, new fusion reactor, made for my event
Obi-Wan Kenobi's Lightsaber Hilt.
Why isn't my texture covering the full model, and is there a way to soften the shadow under the lip the runs around the trophy? (I'm relatively new to Blender)
L115A3 Speed modeling! Feedback please! :)
Surface based mining rig
Help adding hair! Added hair seems to go to a random place on my head sculpt.
Blender won't render out with alpha/transparency, instead it renders out with a black background.
Turning your blend file into a asset library - Blender Tutorial
first full-body human model, Czech It Out!
[Gif] NGHTMRE Fire
5 TF2 Keys to whomever can finish my project by Sunday! If you have any questions, feel free to ask
CREATION OF THE IRON MAN MARK 11 SUIT IN BLENDER 3D
Primeros pasos con RenderMan para Blender
[January Contest] Grey Wolves
02.01.16 - AirTight
Character concept (wip)
8k starry night sky HDR made using only blender, no outside images!
Made a simple background to change up my computer. Alternate in comments.
How can I make unused parts from a UV to be transparent? More info inside
Render modes giving me flat colors
Remove unnecessary vertices?
Environment &amp; Compositing finished on my model :D
The Omega Wave - an open source tower defense game built on the Blender Game Engine
This is a still from an animation that I'm working on.
Blender Smoke [Resolution and High Resolution]
Omen Mech(pratice model from 2014)
Meet Vinny the Vandal...Character for an upcoming scene
Sci-Fi Submarine
How can I apply an animation to the model pose forever? [more details inside]
Pendulum Waves - Made using Blender bullet physics
My First Unguided 3d model!
Solidworks (2016) to Blender?
Question, why would I use texture painting over using something like a displacement map? Can you use both on the same material?
Need help with design
Using Blender without a Number Pad
A Geometric Phone Wallpaper (Procedural!)
Free Flashbang 3D Model
Magnetic Lime Jelly
Is there any way to generate normal maps for free?
Low poly planet scene
Low-Poly Whale Skeleton
Here's a quick gif i made to show off a low-poly car I recently modeled
Finally finish my airship concept for a short I'm planning , I'm still new to this sort of thing so any advice ?
Texture Painting Help
What can I safely do with Blender on my laptop?
Retopology...How much is too much?
I need help with rigging
How do i make full renders?
Using Blender for the first time on a school project? (help)
Clothes Topology?
Modeled a Warhammer 40k Bolt Pistol and feel pretty proud, Criticism Welcome :)
I made a introduction for my YouTube channel.
This subreddit needs more additional Pylons :P (test render)
Some new renders of a sci-fi scene with my spaceship in it!
Gemstone Material Test. Featuring Cycles Voronoi F1/F2/F3/F4 script from Swineworld.org
January contest WIP
[Help!] so i ripped a model of a game and it was pre rigged. how would i go about posing it?
Help with UV unwrapping and edge loops?
Blendef fast project comments and critique re welcome!
Tips for Modeling 3D Printable Robots &amp; Toys!
Blender Beginner
Lost a crapton of work from 1 undo?
[Help][Newbie] Can someone help creating a 3d spinning logo
How to make QuickSmoke emit light?
Script or way to access/print mesh color data
Just a quick and dirty render of a ring I'm designing.
Very first animation!
I'm such a bad judge of my own work, is this any good?
Low poly T-rex
seece's Ultimate Sprite Batch Renderer
[Q] Best way to simulate a screen within blender?
Is there an effective method for cel shading in Blender?
[Help] Is there a place to submit requests for 3D models? Something similar to r/photoshoprequests .
Mirror Foot Roll Rig?
Split object and UV into smaller bits.
help with planning
Missing Curve, Lamp etc in Create Tab
Boeing 747 on fire - Blender Fire Simulation
BlenderGuru Snow: How to improve realism?
Isometric Low-Poly River Scene
Is there a way to emulate this in Blender? (UE4 Generation)
How can I emphasize the volume of this sea star and make it look less flat?
A small practice project I made
looking for specific tutorial or keyword searches to get this drawn effect type shader used in this jammin vid
An Introduction to Blender
Low Poly Floating Island
Which process use the CPU and which use the GPU in Cycles, I know the GPU can be used for rendering but what about sculpt mode etc?
Issue with Reflections using Mirror Modifier
I made a soap bubbles material. Download in comments
My first render. "SkyCube 4K"
Golden desk clock - C&amp;C welcomed &amp; appreciated! =D
Autonomous Recon Mech
This is probably my 2nd or 3rd sculpt attempt. But this time, I really went at it. What do you think?
Ancient Ruins - Low Poly - [Time Lapse]
Still no GPU smoke support for cycles?
Want tо spank mе? Rеgistеr.
The UV image doesnt draw the alpha channel, how can I resolve this? I tried those 3 buttons in the corner, RGB+A,RGB, A, but they didnt change anything my texture still looks odd, any advice?
I was without internet for a few days, here's some gifs I made. C&amp;C welcome
01.01.16 - Grounded
Shiny Airplane.
Think Small Recreated (First project in blender)
The Little Green Planet (first post to r/blender)
Any good texturing tutorials out there?
Uv Crashing Help
Time-lapse of my work creating the Void Stone from Smite
Outdoor Drone - How can I improve the photorealism?
I made my 3D stuff channel to youtube. Atm doing some timelapses with blender. Come watch and maybe learn something new.
Blender Game Engine - Enemy with Gun - Logic Bricks
My first 3d/blender doodle, the Italian moon base! Do you guys have any suggestions for improvement?
When using materials and textures, I quickly find that Blender has made lots of annoying copies... for example "blue toy plastic" becomes "blue toy plastic001" "blue toy plastic002", is there a button to stop this and keep all of the duplicate objects to use the same texture in sync?
Another progress pic of my spaceship!
Learn Blender 2.76 with a poster infographic
Intro for a BBQ Video Series, made with blender. Feedback appreciated
Extrude isn't working
Force emissive material to not participate in volume scattering?
Purple Briefcase
On The Raid, MK.II
Flares Wizard...A pretty nifty Cycles lens flare addon
How To Make An Intro With Blender For Free! Blender Intro Tutorial! (2015/2016)
Mandelbrot Fractal in 3D (Blender, scipy, numpy) with iterations &amp; parameters
First time doing an interior - Waiting Room
Can someone check this .blend files and try to tell the difference?
How do you add a custom texture from your own files?
Hi! I created the orange BMW benchmark. AMA tomorrow at Blender.StackExchange
I have a slight problem with my ropes in this animation :/
Digital Sculpting tutorial?
No experience with blender or 3d modeling. What are the best videos or tutorials for learning to design jewelry and other objects for 3d printing?
If you saw the Smite Items I made, here are the time-lapses of my work!
First time Blender
I'm making a Supermarine Spitfire! C&amp;C on material is welcome
Haven't done much in a while... Catwalk Walk Cycle
My first animation: A low-Poly winter forest (I also need some help)
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [blender]
First time doing lowpoly stuff! C&amp;C welcome.
After being inspired by someone's photoscan, I tried it as well!
A Glass of Red
How do I disconnect edges?
particle hair - terrible design flaw and crummy work around FYI
Help with transparent textures?
Best way to create real world dimensions like feet or inches or meters or centimeters that will import correctly to Unity?
Got bored and made myself a 4K background! First time learning DOF.
This is my personal favorite render. [OC]
Messing around with Lighting setup and some shaders, CC and tips are welcome :D
First time modeling something complicated. Advice welcome.
Trying to made landscape and loads of problems
"Remnants" A WWII Scene [January Contest]
Normal Map Baking Looks Blocky
[blender] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:notagnaaai
Boba Fett Model
How to make a nice looking daytime moon scene?
r/blenderElite, For when you're tired of mugs.
Newbie - First Character Model C&amp;C
Improving Blender CUDA performance on a Mac with an external GPU
I set myself the challenge to make four cellos that can't exist. I just did my first one. A porcelain cello.
Frozen Horizon [Cycles]
Wing Model Final
[blender] My girlfriend is a prostitute! Damn I found it on this site ... Check out friends and girlfriends.
A much improved version of the seal I made for a friend in my D&amp;D campaign.
Sculpted head with added skin and HDRI lighting. Thoughts?
Process Growth Pains
Desert Skeleton Remains - Isometric
http://imgur.com/WtBfgKv I made a lightsaber
Help with Blender Texture Paint and adding a new Texture...
Unity and Blender have the same tangent basis?
Few more my own Blender Cycles renders Suggestions and comments are welcome!
Any know how to import DotA 2 Models to blender?
[HELP] Spawn multiple objects that fall random spin
I'm streaming the development of my game in Blender Game Engine. Come watch!
Grass Material Free Download (link in the comments)
Made a low poly X-Wing
Blender LPT: Have multiple views open
Udemy's Blender tutorial is currently 95% off (12 EUR)
WIP racing spacecraft, currently working on diffuse texturing, feedback and ideas welcome!
4th Hole - Band Logo Animation
Problem with creation, Help?
Anyway to make blender render in the background?
Particle issue in Cycles
Video that I did, all 3D animation done in Blender
Isometric Tower - Experimenting with Blender Render.
Been working on this 360° 2-layer trailer on and off for the past few months (Best viewed on mobile)
3D Interior Test Render
WX-78. my first project/render
My friend made a website to easily access very good blender tutorials (he also made the renders for the backgrounds)
Madelbrot in Blender (shapekeys test)
Giving Back: Thanks for all your help, Reddit and Imgur
Useless (but cute) robot
Apparently you can make lightsaber VFX in Blender.
First "finished" Blender model. Proof of concept on a world I'm creating for a D&amp;D campaign. Not sure where to go from here.
My first low-poly scene. Comments welcome
CREATING THE IRONMAN IN BLENDER
Soviet Polikarpov I-16 Type 24 Fighter
Camera Difficulties?
Another Blender CPU/GPU question for Blender VSE+cycles. What can I expect? What are your experiences?
Worth learning Internal rendering techniques?
How long did it take before you started your own blender project?
How to use Blender - Part 1 Basic
My latest 60-second demo reel—a collection of my latest and best artworks so far.
[Critique] First Part of Model - Wings
Simple N64 Logo
I decided to get my soap bubble shader to use
Current project compared to my next project. I don't think a 4k texture is gonna cover it!
Circa Survive Desktop Background
Made a music video using my visualizer thingy.
Tanto-Blade Folding Knife
PSA: Check your topology. Didn't realize my mesh had THIS until it was too late.
I'm getting ready to try Blender for the...6th time I think. Any tips?
Portable Blender for Mac?
Question for particle emiter, specifically hair
How to use Blender – Part 2 Basic
[WIP] Appalachiosaurus Update
Iron Man Lounge
Weird shading in edges
Blender Game Engine logic bricks In Game Text
Blender High Resolution Smoke [NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X] [4K]
Attempted a character(?) model. The Throne from Nuclear Throne. C&amp;C wanted!
Object not visible through transparent object when it is selected in 3D view.
Help making a "RocketMan" animation
Mesh surface looks glitchy when smoothed
For those who have become skilled at rigging: what's your advice?
Blender 2.76 beginners tutorial - axis
Help needed with background/grass
[Build Help] - need to choose a GPU for CUDA (x-post /r/buildapc )
The long wait is almost over.
Soviet Polikarpov I-16 Type 24
My first attempt at rendering a concept car!
Really Weird mesh problems.
Help with SubSuf Mod
After join, edit mode stops working
Blender learning progression
One of my first CGI mountain landscapes - give some notes tips
An enigma [January contest]
Finished the "Bubble Project" I call it "Cold"
The Little Green Planet ( First post to r/blender )
Just posted a free in-depth tutorial series on Creating a Forest in Blender!
Tinkerina - Rigged cartoony Tinkerbell model to download. Feedback most welcome
Teaching the niece and nephew how to render...
10 Famous Movie Scenes Before And After CGI or Special Effects was added
A Luxrender spaceship I have been working on for a sci-fi short.
"Big Tex" Space Cargo Ship
Questions about 3D Printing a blender STL in Replicator G. How to scale?
I want the light to go through the glass realistically, whats wrong?
Blender Game Character Texture Painting 02
Is it true that you can earn as much as $100 for rigging one model?
Texture painting - Resolution/Quality
Rot Test (Part of an Upcoming Animation) [WIP]
Frozen animation, made with blender [NSFW (kinda)]
Italian Moon Base, take two!
low poly Cop / police Car - Blender ( time lapse )
BB-8 Droid (from Star Wars: TFA)
pew pew doing some laser testing!
he looks pretty done on this side
Blender Game Character Texture Painting 06
Question: Blender VSE Strip Previews
Particle System Type Hair No Spring?
Looking for tips / advice on how to improve this scene?
How to create this foil embossing effect on a label?
Icy Canyon, my second round of renders!
Texture phase completed, starting Environment &amp; Compositing :D
Game Boy, part of a project that required more work than I expected. Gotta love Booleans
Haven't figured out lighting or rendering stuff yet, but here's my first go at a rigged model without any tutorial help.
I there a way to get rid of the hard edges on the handles of this trophy?
Quick Bot 0105
Sci-Fi Submarine
Day 4 of learning Blender. Here is a Floatplane
Camera View - Frame Size (noob question)
Imported a model from another program. Why does it look so crappy in render view?
(Help) Does anyone have any idea how to make Dragonball effects like an aura or Kamehameha?
How Do I Loop an Animation
Smoke Sim Help
My first render! Well, its the classic cup tutorial, but, its a start.
Barrel for the Source engine
Is there any way to use CAD files in Blender lately?
Is it possible to bake an entire scene at once?
How i can make a spring properly?
Separating pieces of a single mesh without making them look separate?
Ubuntustudio 16.04 Wallpaper Contest
Newbie here: Need a hand with a tutorial
Can I get some feedback on my Pokemon renders? I am going to use them for a project but want to make sure these are great before I continue
I've made the D6 from The Bindig of Isaac :D
Need judgement on my animation skills and tips and tricks would be greatly appreciated
The Killbug. A shortish motion-tracked film.
Batgirl Statue by Kfir Merlaub
The Ring of Lights Project - Full Blender Model
Quick Sunball.
Using IK Constraints is really a time saver
Tried adding more effects for realism in this, thanks for everyone who helped me out in my previous post. Not sure if this improved the scene though, what are your thoughts?
Humane Interface
Freestyle question (Cycles).
My first shot at toon shading in Blender, inspired by Wendelstein 7-X, new fusion reactor, made for my event
How to tweak settings for fire/smoke simulation?
I know this is noobish, but I can't figure out how to "pin" things together.
Portfolio tips?
I need advice on a 2d animation. I set the origins, then the pieces move.
Fire Audio visualizers?
Help? Object follwing path (animated) delays tracking of child objects by 1 frame?
What is a good free alternative to the video sequence editor?
The Video Editing Challenge – Part III: Blender [Using Blender to edit a complex video clip with masks, keyframing and tracking]
Creating a menu - BGE Tutorial
I rendered an Australian nerfer's beautiful blaster today. The Red Baron.
Teddy bear, blocks and crayons - first little scene I've made
So this guy appeared when I unwrapped my gear.
I'm trying to learn to animate with constraints in Blender, here's something.
Trying to lighten this scene up, but the more lights I add the longer my render takes and with no visible results. Please help!
I just learned that you can set the seed to randomly change for every frame of an animation!
A Simple PBR Shader in Blender 3D
Not my image, probably not Blender, but does anyone know how to get this lighting effect with the blood cells?
Working a new lowish poly art style. Sorry for the bad lighting, I ran out of time for the day.
Reddit hookup. Best girls in the world! Reddit recommend! [blender]
I made this nice simple wallpaper for the band the Arctic Monkeys, I hope any AM fans out there like it!
A fishy I made for a school project!
Help! All objects disappear when switching to Camera Perspective!
Will this screw things up later?
Can someone please offer some advice about my mesh?
Smoke is thin and hazy in Cycles
(bge)static mesh with face that wont collide
Silly Little Dyson System.
Making use of Blenderguru's snow technique!
I really love Wire the band, and I thought it would be a good idea to do a wireframe-based audio visualizer featuring Wire. 28 seconds- full song.
I also wanted to play with some tops
Attempting a semi-realistic body-scanner type simulation. How might I depict hidden weapons with a setup like this?
AD for Soft Drink. [OC] Criticism welcome.
Ramped up cycles samples to 5k+ but still got fireflies... any help?
Living room Scene
What is happening here? In my cycles preview, I get all the nice details. In the final render they're gone?
Simple Paintbrush
Left arm of the protocol droid. Star Wars and Indy crossing references. Second artwork of amber cristals serie
Link [Fan Art]
3D digital sculpting study, anatomically incorrect skull
Top 6 Best Blenders For Smoothies Reviews 2016 | Best blender for smoothies 2016
How to make Flat Text in Blender! [Beginner]
Some of my first fluid simulations. !!WARNING!! These files are massive, like 40mb !!WARNING!!
It's always so exciting to download the latest version of Blender and play around with the new features
Help with fading an exploded, textured plane.
January Contest: World War II Tech
Changing python variables while Blender game is running
