[SPOILERS] A couple of vicious 1-2s (Wilder vs Szpilka)
Who would you like to book for an AMA?
How big is a possibility of IBF stripping GGG's title?
What's the deal with Nike Boxing?
Are there any notable matches where one fighter was much smaller than the other but still managed to win?
Can you name some Pyrrhic victories in Boxing ?.
How does Dominick Cruz's (MMA fighter) footwork compare to high ranking boxers?
Court Denies Haymon's Motion to Dismiss Top Rank's Lawsuit
Top 10 Boxers of all time
Muay Thai Super Fight, Extra vs Awutlek, New Lumpini Stadium, Thai Comba...
Short video of Angel Garcia on fighting the best.
Sergey Kovalev-Adonis Stevenson negotiations still ongoing. Kathy Duva: "Yvon has told us he was meeting with Al Haymon today and is going to have an answer tomorrow."
Garcia-Guerrero Ratings: An estimated 2.24 million tuned in.
DAVID HAYE v MARK DE MORI OFFICIAL WEIGH IN
Haye vs De Mori
Klitschko admits struggles with Fury's style
Guerrero's final words to Garcia!
Wilder moves closer to Povetkin fight
Live Blog: PBC Boxing on FS1 - Flores vs Briones
[Boxing] My name is Leah! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Tyson "Furry" Fury
Apparently K2 offered Billie Joe Saunder £2.2million ($3.2 million) to face GGG in NY at MSG
Roots kunta kinte
[Spoilers] Garcia-Guerrero Post-fight Interview
Guillermo Rigondeaux vs. Gennady Kovalev 2004 Olympics
Which glove should I take? (beginner looking for some help)
Do you think the Ring Magazine should do a category for 'Cherry Picker of the Year' or 'Least Impressive fighter of the year' or something ?
Keith Thurman vs Shawn Porter official for March 12th
The Beginning Of The Gatti Legend
Ward vs. Sullivan set for March 26th
[GIF] “If I don’t win, there isn’t going to be a Mayweather fight,” Arturo Gatti said before facing Jesse James Leija. In a career full of turning points and crazy ups and downs, Gatti was on top of the world, and this was his last great high. This Day In Boxing January 29 2005.
Rare footage of Ricardo López preparing for his first world title match against Hideyuki Ohashi. Ricardo would defend the title a record 22 times and retire undefeated. [Sparring session at 6:40][X-post /r/HajimeNoIppo]
Apparently Sylvester Stallone is a secret Klansman because he briefly forgot to thank two of the black people he worked with on "Creed" while accepting a Golden Globe
Pascal calls a Stevenson a chicken
Anthony Joshua and David Haye likely to fight, says Eddie Hearn
Vitali Klitschko vs Corrie Sanders (Highlights)
Mike Tyson Falls Hard On Swegway Hoverboard - Mike Tyson Knocks himself out
Remember Haye pulling out of Fury fight twice? This is an interview with Peter Fury before the haye fight was signed
Pacquiao vs Bradley 3 live stream HBO Pay Per View Boxing Fight on April 9 in Las Vegas. Manny Pacquiao vs Timothy Bradley 3 Tickets
Amazing interview with Charles Farrell on The Next Big Pod - Discusses his career as a manager and match fixing in boxing
Even though this highlight is a little outdated, this has to be the best De La Hoya Highlight I have ever seen.
Vasyl Lomachenko Highlights
WATcH UFC LiVE STrEM oNLINe Tv LIvE
Robert Guerrero: Floyd Mayweather is faster than Keith Thurman
Why should boxers not have sex before a fight?
Danny Garcia makes no sense to me
Advice for buying tickets for Kovalev V Pascal 2
Vicente Saldivar - Tribute.
Boxing Drills For a Knockout Body
Kun Khmer traditional boxing, Martial Arts, Chhean Raksmey Vs Thon Sameut
Floyd Mayweather gig cancelled after protests by domestic abuse campaigners
The Most Unexpected Punch
Bob Arum Talks About J.Prince Disciplining Money Mayweather and partying after the Thriller in Manila
Type of Boxing Gloves
HBO PPV Timothy Bradley - Pacquiao vs Bradley
Prime Floyd Mayweather Jump Roping
George Groves opens up about split with Paddy Fitzpatrick
Pacquiao waiting for the "best and finest boxer"
Tyson Fury named RING Fighter of the Year for 2015
Want tо sее hоw my bоyfriеnd wоuld dеprivе mе оf virginity? Sign up and find us...
[youtube] Roy Jones Jr. vs. Joe Calzaghe 08.11.2008 HD
[Boxing] Miguel Flores vs Mario Briones IPTV Channels &amp; Streaming
Joshua Parker vs. Jason Bergman 23.01.2016
Kell Brook faces his mandatory Kevin Bizier on March 26th.
Ugggh is BJS keeping his options open or good he really entertaining a fight with Murray at 160?
If Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweather started their career's today, who would make more money over their fighting career?
Thoughts on Deontay Wilder's caliber of opponents?
Where is Vasyl Lomachenko?
looking for a floyd mayweather video with jazz
Eddie Hearn on problems making Khan fight
Hughie and Tyson Fury with Povetkin
TIL Floyd Mayweather is not actually a Junior, and his middle name is "Joy".
Thiss Site Lik1ely Contains Sexuually Expliicit Photos Of Someeone You Know! khm..aana
George Groves says he is punching harder than ever
David Haye: Comeback v Mark de Mori 'won't be a hard-luck story'
Keith Thurman Weighs-In on Danny Garcia vs. Robert Guerrero
11AM EST/8AM PST/4PM GMT Live Stream Kovalev vs Pascal II Press Conference
Realistically who wins? Kovalev vs Ward
New York has a couple of visitors tonight
WBA: Winner of Frampton-Quigg must face Rigondeaux.
"I will break u"
Ruben Guerrero and Angel Garcia in altercation
Floyd Mayweather Boxing Club, hidden in a back street of Chinatown Vegas
Muhammad Ali &amp; Cus D'Amato Showing Boxing Skills - Real Talk
Recommended Resources for Beginner Boxers?
Can you explain to me, from a technical stand-point, what was so good about Joe Louis?
Can someone explain me what all those heavyweight titles mean in term of importance? (WBA, IBF, WBO, IBO, The Ring magazine, WBC etc)
Happy Belated Birthday, Pernell "Sweet Pea" Whitaker
Hey guys sorry it took a couple days to respond, but there was enough interest that Damon would like to do an AMA.
WBC president on Khan vs Garcia
Check out my new mayweather video enjoy yall Subscribe for more
Calzaghe surprises Kessler on Danish TV
Types Of Boxing Punches
Muay Thai vs Myanmar Lethwei Tun Tun Min, Thai Martial Art Fighting, Tha...
Could Chris Eubank Jr dominate the middleweight division and unify all belts in his career? Do you think he'll outshine his father's career?
[News]Jamie Kavanagh: Dublin to Los Angeles and back again. His remarkable story
Trout: Lara has been calling out Golovkin for a year now!
I made a Motivational Boxing Video Check it Out to me ur opinion
Tyson Fury told to avoid controversial non-boxing comments
Shane Mosley wants Cotto or Marquez
ESPN Danny Garcia-Robert Guerrero Preview
Last 5 fights | Manny Pacquiao vs Tim Bradley 3
A War Revisited...Hagler vs Hearns, best middleweight 1st round ever??
Questioning the WBC 147lb "Tournament"
Jean Pascal Calls on Sergey Kovalev to “Man up”, Make Side Bet
Evander Holyfield vs Michael Moorer II
Ants: awesome timelapse
[Spoilers] Sergey Kovalev vs. Jean Pascal 30.01.2016
Short clip of Angel Garcia from instagram. Anyone have a full video?
First Punch KO. Broken Jaw
A heavy-handed prospect from Kazakhstan
Lennox Lewis: "The deck was definitely against Paulie Malginano....Malginaggi"
[Honest response please] Why does Mayweather get so much credit and praise for beating Marquez but Tyson doesn't get the same for Spinks?
GGG in London on Saturday, Loeffler hints he could fight there next
Jean Pascal's renewed confidence. (Translated)
2015 In Review by Country: Cuba, Puerto Rico, and Dominican Republic
Muay Thai Fight, Chaiyo vs Gingsanglek, Rajadamnern Stadium Bangkok, 7 ...
"BREAK" , oldschool soviet stop-motion cartoon
Flashback KO of The Week
Mike Tyson Sparring Tribute w/ Number Indicators for Which Punches He's Throwing
Bird Kham VS Thai Vat Chalralek, បឺត ខាំ VS វ៉ាត់ឆារ៉ាលេក ថៃ 18 October ...
Almost 9 years ago, Michael Katsidis was meant to steamroll Graham Earl in London. What followed was an absolute tear-up, and still hands down my favourite fight.
Anthony Joshua to be offered IBF world title eliminator | Boxing News
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for Boxing
Amateur Boxing Club, Wales 1963
[gif] Toney sticks out his tongue at Holyfield while slipping punches
Are You looking for Boxing Gloves in UK?
Tureano Johnson ruled out as opponent for Golovkin due to injury.
Haye fight becomes second most watched show on Dave
Boxing 2016 - 'Into Battle' | GP
Danny Garcia putting in the work on the speed bag ahead of his clash with Robert Guerrero
Virgil Hunter backs Mayweather's claims on racism in combat sports
Sergey Kovalev vs. Jean Pascal II
Mike Tyson spitting the truth live on Showtime
Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal II preview and prediction
What makes Zab Judah's philly shell work in the southpaw stance?
Mickey Garcia.....
Ruben fires shots on Angel Garcia
[Spoilers] Last night's injury in detail
I don't blame Kovalev at all for wanting to punish Pascal, and I can definitely see why he still harbors ill will towards him. Just look at the stuff Pascal pulled and the things he said at their last press conference a few days ago.
Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal II - Winning Round 7 [English Com.] 31.01.2016
Best I've Faced: Luis Ramon ‘Yori Boy’ Campas
[GIF] “I always admired his style, conditioning, the way he came to fight, and I never questioned his heart,” said Bernard Hopkins of Simon Brown, who would go on to challenge his crown 30 months later. “If I’d known that, I wouldn’t have been so nice to him!” This Day In Boxing Jan 31 1998.
Bradley: Pacquiao could have fought anyone, wants a challenge!
[GIF] La Máquina drops Lamont Peterson
Marcos Maidana has some good boxing skills. Interesting video.
Does any active heavyweight seriously trouble Lennox Lewis?
3/12 Tripleheader on HBO featuring Chocolatito, David Lemieux, and Jesse Vargas vs Sadam Ali a possibility
Keith Thurman Reacts To Angel Garcia's Comments
VIDEO: When I think of Roy Jones doing laps around his competition, I think of Round 1 of Roy Jones Jr vs. Richard Hall...
Amir Khan prefers winner of Garcia/Guerrero over Brook
Checout The Best Boxing Gear For Kids - GroundReport
Is Golovkin willing to face Saunders in the UK? Loeffer: 'Gennady ... doesn't care who or where he fights.'
Roy Jones Jr. in 1997 giving his opinion on George Foreman still fighting at 48 years old. (6:28 to 7:24)
Billy Dib pulls out of David Haye's card
The Silent Battle of Manny Pacquiao vs. Bob Arum
Interesting biography of Ezzard Charles
On May 15, 2001, Lou DiBella confronted Max Kellerman ringside after Brian Viloria's debut to tell Max he was mad at him. To this day, no one has any idea what DiBella was angry over.
Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal II - Post Fight Interview (SPOILERS) Working link
Danny Garcia vs Robert Guerrero Live Streaming Boxing [HDQ]
Why Floyd and marquez isnt tested by VADA?
How do you workout in the gym?
Questions for a beginner wanting to take on boxing
New year new boxing!
How did the Chavez fight ruin Maravilla's leg?
Gennady "GGG" Golovkin - Hardest Puncher (Pound For Pound) in Boxing?
Lineal Champions List
Does anyone know if Shiming's fight this coming Saturday will be on Top Rank's website?
Uchiyama-Fortuna Mandatory Title Fight Ordered by WBA
Khmer Boxing, យុគ យក្សផ្លែ VS ម៉ៃ ថៃ, 24 January 2016, SEATV Boxing, Wor...
Khmer Boxing, Lao Sinath VS Yodsiam Sopasok Thai, 17 January 2016, BTV N...
Joe Louis - Boxing Poetry (HD)
Tom Loeffler answers Floyd Mayweather, Gennady Golovkin critics
Why Manny Pacquiao decided to fight Timothy Bradley for a third time
Georgoe Groves: I'll Win via KO on Saturday, new trainer, James Degale
Dillian Whyte responds to Chisora
agann This is not a dating site, is a search a partner for hooking.NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT!
Groves vs Di Luisa face off
Pacquiao vs Bradley PPV - Pacquiao vs Bradley PPV Boxing Fight Set. It's Will be Pacquiao vs Bradley 3rd Rematch. Get How to Order Pacquiao vs Bradley PPV Online.
Deontay Wilder: Povetkin is next.
Peter Fury - No date agreed for rematch. Could be April, May or June
Conor McGregor Slams Floyd Mayweather Over Racism Rant
G/f got me a signed RJJ glove for Christmas
Never change Ricardo Mayorga
Wilder vs Szpilka in Brooklyn Fight ; Martin-Glazkov , Serrano-Joseph - under card
David Haye vs Mark de Mori Boxing - Aussie vs British Complete preview
WBC champion Saul Alvarez has made an offer to Billy Joe Saunders!!!
Hi! ive recently posted a video of me boxing, i would really appreciated if you checked my channel and comment what i could improve on!
Kovalev Pascal what time?
If Mayweather-Pacquiao was officially streamed on one website alone, approx how many viewers would it have gotten?
Anyone else surprised that 32 year old Gennady Kovalev is apparently the #3 p4p best fighter in the world?
Rant on Manny Pacquiao's choice
2 good boxing documentaries on Netflix
Lampley dispensed with commentating and was screaming, “Holyfield wobbles! In the corner! The champion is in trouble! Evander Holyfield floored in the third round by Bert Cooper!”
Khmer Boxing, Long Sovann Deoun VS Rarueng Lukchampachai Thai, 17 Januar...
Kun Khmer Boxing Ancient Traditional, Martial Arts, Roeung Sophorn Vs Th...
David Haye makes his comeback against de Mori this weekend.
Khmer boxing, Kun Khmer, Martial Arts, Lao Chantrea Khmer Vs Phak Phum Thai
Muay Thai Fight, Kaito vs Thanadet, Rajadamnern Stadium, Super fight. 13...
Muay Thai Super Fight, Jomhod vs Wanchalong New Lumpini Stadium,Thai Kn...
Golovkin-Saunders a No Go, Billy Joe To Have Huge Summer Bout!
Mosley reacts to Margarito return
Boxing Nicknames | 40 of the Most Memorable Monikers
Frank Warren: Golovkin vs. BJS can't happen in March-April because no venue of the appropriate size is available in the UK during that time.
Jon Jones Is Now HUGE and Hits HARD! But Is He Too Slow?
Is this all-in-one bag replacement ridiculous, or a worthwhile product?
Antonio DeMarco vs Jorge Linares 2011.10.15 - Linares was hailed as a boxing prodigy by the HBO team, even drawing comparisons to Sugar Ray Robinson, until Linare's gameplan began to unravel under Demarco's pressure
What channel is Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal on?
Renald Garrido's reaction to close decision
Gennady Golovkin: 'Floyd Mayweather is my dream fight. I would go down to 154lbs to make that happen'
How big is a possibility of IBF stripping GGG's title?
Manny Pacquiao vs Bradley 3? Who's gonna watch this?
Gym with Retractable Wall Mount Hangers?
Golovkin's toughest pro test?
How far out is Joseph Parker from a decent fight?
Which other US heavyweight boxers, were drafted for Vietnam?
Request for some American footage of the Calzaghe v Lacy fight.
How would you plan out Errol Spence's route to the top of the welterweight division?
TIL Shannon Briggs once accosted Klitschko to provoke a fight at a bar
Pacquiao: Top Rank selected Bradley as my opponent
Helenius has backed out of the fight against Chisora. He has given up his European Championship.
Mike Tyson 1986 Training in Catskill
Oscar de la Hoya Launching 2 Boxing Channels Online
PBC, FOX Over The Moon With Ratings For Garcia-Guerrero!!!!!
Amir Khan named WBC mandatory challenger for winner of Danny Garcia v Robert Guerrero | Boxing News
[Full Fight] Danny Garcia vs. Robert Guerrero 23.01.2016
it all happens at 4:00.... save yourself some time
Dream match: Ricardo "El Finito" Lopez vs Roman "Chocolatito" Gonzalez. Who wins?
My Maypac scorecard, blasphemy or anyone agrees?
Would you guys be interested in an AMA from long-time professional "Dangerous" Damon Reed? More details
Bernard Hopkins breaks down "boring" boxing
Mosley on Canelo vs GGG
Benefits of Punch Bag Workout
Danny Jacobs vs Erislandy Lara @160 - Who wins and how?
Thurman-Porter Nears For 3/12 at Mohegan Sun, CBS
WBA plans to reduce the heavyweight titles in a tournament style
Chris Algieri wants either Andre Berto or Adrien Broner next
Can Ike Ibeabuchi Resume Campaign After 17 Years?
Can someone explain this person's W/L record. Am I looking at it wrong?
So apparently Charles Martin is a top ten heavyweight now...
Pacquiao vs Bradley 3 Fight on April 9 at MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas Nevada, USA - Pacquiao vs Bradley 3
David Haye v Mark De Mori is to be shown on channel Dave
Mike Tyson POP ART Speed Painting, Acrylic Painting Time-lapse
If boxers were dbz characters?
[POST FIGHT THREAD] Deontay Wilder vs Artur Szpilka
TIL the entire archive of Ring Magazine covers is available on the boxrec site
Amateur &amp; Olympic boxing - a beginner's guide?
Broner calling out Garcia
GGG is Freddie's fighter of the year
Muay Thai Fight, Sangmanee vs Petch U Thong, Rajadamnern Stadium Bangkok...
WBC president on Canelo vs Golovkin
Khan vs Brook finally gonna happen?
Gareth Davies on Groves prospects
Manny Pacquiao: Timothy Bradley will be my last fight
The Wilder-Szpilka KO in 360 Virtual Reality...crazy
Anthony Joshua doesn't need David Haye
GGG teaches Sullivan Barrera how to clinch
Teddy Atlas on racism in boxing
Min Wook Kim-January 23rd, Team Sniper strikes back.
Facebook Pundits.....
Deal Reached for Brook Bizier (Likely 2/20 in Sheffield)
top boxing knockouts
[POST FIGHT THREAD] Danny Garcia vs Robert Guerrero, Sammy Vasquez vs Aaron Martinez, Amir Mansour vs Dominic Breazeale
Gif of Wilder knocking out Szpilka
Toney sticks out his tongue at Holyfield
[BOXing] Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal on HBO AT 9:45 on 30 jan
The WBC once again proving they do whatever the hell they want
Has anyone here seen a shadowboxing tournament?
What are some good "wars"?
Are there any other past/present fighters with a highlight tape like Roy Jones Jr?
Who should Amir Khan fight next?
Decided to take a look back at the MayPac Fight Thread
Question about GGG....
[GIF]Julian Jackson vs Herol Graham for the vacant middleweight title. Jackson's eye had closed, and his corner gave him until the end of the round, otherwise the fight would be stopped. In the dying seconds, Jackson hit one of the best single punch knockouts of all time.
Golovkin's Promoter: Eubank Jr. is Biggest Non-Title Fight For GGG!
George Groves - different qualities of loneliness
My friend's cat boxed his hairdryer
Broner better choice than Berto for Chris Algieri's next fight
When Mocking a Fighter Goes Wrong...
Ronda Rousey congratulates Holly Holm for beating her
Canelo's Trainer (Reynoso) Turns Down Offer to Train Lucas Matthysse
Global Language Center, Baby English Song in Cambodia, Kindergarten Engl...
Highlights for one of the greatest welterweight boxers of all time, Kid Gavilan. The Cuban Hawk.
Abraham-Ramirez Added To Pacquiao vs. Bradley PPV Card - Boxing News
The c8c Official 'Best Of 2015' - chesters8count. Agree? Whats your picks?
Adrien Broner talks collaboration with rapper Rick Ross
Pacquiao Fight - pacquiao fight with bradley. So collect pacquiao bradley tickets Ahead of time &amp; Enjoy to watch manny pacquiao fight live
Can any fighter's potential be more anti climatic than Cuban Heavyweight Jorge Luis Gonzalez? As an Amateur he beat the likes of Lennox Lewis, Riddick Bowe (in the same tournament) and even has a win over the great Teofilo Stevenson. At 6'7, 230 plus pounds he was a behemoth.
Still my favorite knockout of 2015...
Deontay Wilder Sitdown | A Conversation with Mark Kriegel
Tureano Johnson Injured, Gennady Golovkin Left Without Opponent
Old man knocks out a fighter!
Boxing leg strength
Pacquiao Bradley Ticket Question
Hello. Is Golovkin an outside fighter or is he more of an inside fighter? I think his style is the best.
Some videos I found of Usher training for his role as Sugar Ray Leonard in the new Hands of Stone movie coming out
Photos: Garcia-Guerrero Presser Gets Tense, Tempers Erupt - Boxing News
Bernard Hopkins on Ward vs Kovalev
Mike Tyson Highlights 2016
Bob Arum interview on Highly Questionable (Jan. 22, 2016)
Situation regarding WBC Welterweight Title
Boxstaffel Obernkirchen
Pacquiao vs Bradley Tickets Go on Sale Friday, January 22nd - Pacquiao vs Bradley
Mike Tyson defends Tyson Fury: He's the best champ since me!
WBC orders Deontay Wilder and Alexander Povetkin to begin negotiations
Robert Guerrero: Floyd Mayweather is faster than Keith Thurman
Best Boxing Knockouts [COMPILATION] (2016)
Anthony Joshua earned 3million pound (Almost 4.5 million dollars) from British title fight against Dillian Whyte
Andre Ward - Terrific Fighter, Shaky Reputation
Should Gennady Golovkin Fear the return of Dmitry Pirog? - | Boxing News
10 Most Dangerous Heavyweights In 2016
Lee Selby - from nothing to everything! Great boxing documentary about an up and coming boxing superstar! Bad Boy Boxer The Last Chance BBC Documentary 2015
Sergey Kovalev calls out Adonis Chickenson
Danny Garcia beats Guerrero to pave way for Khan rematch
Tureano Johnson Injured, Gennady Golovkin Left Without Opponent
David Haye returns on May 21st at the O2 Arena - Opponent not finalised yet
You get to organize a welterweight tournament, which participants do you choose? How does it end?
If he kept his head and fully dedicated himself to the sport, how far would Ike Ibeabuchi have gone?
MMA TV Analyst gets suspended for plagarizing boxing analyst Lee Wylie
Muay Thai Fight, Petchmorrakot vs Kwankhao, Rajadamnern Stadium Bangkok,...
Showtime to air Frampton-Quigg and Santa Cruz-Martinez on February 27
Al Bernstein's #Boxing QUICK HITS #57 - Frampton vs Quigg
Danny Garcia's final words to Guerrero
[GIF] “If I lose, it would be time for me to think about doing something else with my life,” Roberto Garcia had said. He’d managed to establish a winning pace by the ninth, with scorecards of 77-74, 76-74, 76-76. Joel Casamayor desperately needed to turn things around. This Day In Boxing Jan 6 2001.
Bob Arum compares Pacquiao to Ali
Hi folks. Does anyone have a link to the vid of Mike Tyson shadow boxing as a young man/15 yr old that is absolutely mind blowing? Youtube/google has failed me.
De La Hoya, Not Ruling out a 154lb Fight for the Lineal Middleweight Champion
Andre Ward-Sullivan Barrera Talks Continue, Says Duva - Boxing News
The Top 20 Boxing Knockouts Of 2015
Deontay Wilver vs Artur Szpilka to be shown live on Sky Sports in UK
Who are some great boxers with horrible physiques?
Ladies and Gentlemen, can we appreciate the footwork on this 200lbs Ukrainan Boxer called Oleksandr Usyk? Although he is no Cassius Clay, he is quite light on his feet and has a pretty good sense of Co-ordination for his size.
Carl Frampton v Scott Quigg winner must fight Guillermo Rigondeaux - | Boxing News
skinniest ever legs on a boxer?
The Top 5 'Scalps' That Can Be Taken in The Sport Right Now
Lomochenko wow
David Haye vs Mark De Mori Live Strem
What is the best food to eat one day before a fight?
Boxing Tactics: The Weakness Of Keith "One Time" Thurman
The Average Welterweight based on Analysis of the Current Top 20
Top 14 "prospects" according to BoxRec rating.
Whose line is it Wednesday: /r/boxing edition
Has anyone ever re-mastered a modern fight to look like something from the 20s?
Do you guys think Mike Tyson vs Bruce Seldon was a fix?
Kun Khmer Bokator Boxing, Traditional Martial Art Fighting Tacttic Cambodia
David Haye vs Mark De Mori [Full fight]
Best Boxing Motivational Video ᴴᴰ ✰ Never Give Up
The latest betting on who David Haye's next opponent will be
Pacquiao vs Bradley 3 on 4/9 on HBO PPV - Pacquiao vs Bradley
Thurman vs Guerrero - Round 10
Shinsuke Yamanaka vs Anselmo Moreno [9.22.2015]
Pacquiao vs Bradley III Undercard Fights (Revealed)
Groves obliterates Di Luisa in five rounds
[VIDEO] Gennady “GGG” Golovkin Shows Off Frightening Power In Beast Mode Session, Does It Compare To Canelo’s?
How come there aren't 15 round fights no more?
When is "too late" to begin training if you want to go pro?
[FIGHT THREAD] Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal, Dmitry Mikhaylenko vs Karim Mayfield + live round-by-round coverage
Who wants a Brandon Rios AMA?
Does anybody have that sparring session between Shakur Stevenson and Devin Haney saved?
The Top 5 'Scalps' That Can Be Taken in The Sport Right Now
Soo what is the next fight to look forward to?
Muay Thai Super Fight, Wirachai vs Petnamngam, Rajadamnern Stadium Bangk...
Thai best knockout fight, boxing cup, Superjeng Vs Chokdee 23 มกราคม 2016
Excellent short film on Frank Galarza
Hey boys I'm Chloe and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Glenn McCrory on Khan vs Brook
Tyson Fury getting in even more trouble....
[Vid] Joe Louis in Color - Preview (Reznick Productions)
Still the best boxing highlight video I've ever seen. Fucking beautiful
Bob Arum floats the idea of Lomachenko vs Uchiyama
Deontay Wilder no better than Charles Martin, says Peter Fury
Box nation are savage
Amir Khan named mandatory challenger for WBC welterweight title.. hopefully a Garcia rematch.
Is Tyson, who will turn 25 two days after his June 28 rematch with Ruddock, already fading into history? Is he merely a passing phenomenon, undone by fame and comfort like so many others? Is he just something to remember the '80s by, a footnote to boxing history?
[GIF] When Lyle floored me, the first thing through my mind was, “What excuses do you have now, George? He’s knocked you down, you’re hurt, and when you get up he’s gonna knock you down again.” I said to myself, “I’m getting up and you’ll just have to kill me.” This Day In Boxing Jan 24 1976.
Keith Thurman on Porter fight: "We'll be looking for that "1 time," every time"
This is a little "video essay" I put together which demonstrates how strategies from "The Art of War" are used in sports. I thought I'd post it here since it's full of examples from boxing.
David Haye comeback to be broadcast on Dave
Carl Frampton vs Scott Quigg will be on Sky Sports Box Office
Szpilka - Wilder scorecards... Seriously?
Round Scoring Question.
Waddell &amp; Reed's Investment in Haymon: $82 mil. remaining (of $521 mil.) as of December 31, 2015
[FIGHT THREAD] Deontay Wilder vs Artur Szpilka, Charles Martin vs Vyacheslav Glazkov + live round-by-round coverage
Ryabinsky: Wilder will (probably) vacate the WBC and face Martin
Since titles are generally regarded as meaningless, is it then acceptable for a fighter with a belt to continue 'learning on the job'?
Khmer Boxing, Lao Chetra VS Niu Phekdam Thai, 23 January 2016, CTN Boxin...
Szpilka interrupts Wilder, things get heated...
Virtual Reality: The technology that could become the best thing to happen to boxing in 30 years.
井岡一翔、谷村奈南と結婚決意！Ｖ２戦後プロポーズ 歌姫ＫＯ kazuto ioka
Training boxer
Roy Jones sends man straight to hell, the horrific realization he now belongs to Satan caught on film
Brutal Knockout! 15-0 heavy weight prospect Izu Ugonoh out of New Zealand
Muay Thai Super Fight, Chujaroen vs Yodpanomrung, Rajadamnern Stadium Ba...
C8C FANTASY MATCH UP....MARVIN HAGLER VS CARLOS MONZON..
Muay Thai Fight, SMMTV Boxing, Chai Vs Sakmongkol, 14 Jamnuary 2016, Cha...
Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury Exchange Words! Post Fight!
Mike Alvarado talks about changing his life on road to comeback
[Boxing] My girlfriend is a prostitute! Damn I found it on this site ... Check out friends and girlfriends.
Floyd Mayweather vs. Emanuel Augustus [2000-10-21]
Larry Holmes vs Ken Norton - Round 15
Tommy Morrison KO with a jab
David Haye vs Mark De Mori [spoiler]
4 Reasons why Billy Joe Saunders should avoid Gennady Golovkin
Sauerland beats Top Rank in WBO purse bid for Abraham vs Ramirez
Great fight. Jorge Arce vs Hussein Hussein.
[GIF] “Iran Barkley who now had 7 losses and recently underwent surgery to repair a detached retina, was called washed up and damaged goods. He was considered easy pickings for two-time champion Darrin Van Horn, who at the age of 23 already boasted a record of 47-2.” This Day In Boxing Jan 10 1992.
Mairis briedis. Anyone heard of this guy yet?
Régulo Caro - El Nuevo Rey (Canelo Álvarez) Video Oficial 2013
"The Lousville Lip" -- "The People's Champion" -- The Greatest, Muhammad Ali. Happy Birthday!
Prediction League Season Starting Tomorrow
2015 In Review By Country: United Kingdom
Big bones VS Small bones for a boxer
Muay Thai Fight, Yodpanomrung vs Litteweda New Lumpini Stadium, New figh...
10 Most Dangerous Boxers in 2015 - Top 10 Greatest Boxers in 2015
Tyson Fury Bryant Gumbel Interview
April 1990, Razor Ruddock decapitates Michael Dokes in a manner that had the ring physician worried. He then instructed Doke's trainer to wake Dokes up every 2hrs for the rest of the day to make sure everything is okay.
Sugar Ray Leonard: 'If I saw blood, I went at you like Dracula'
Highlights: Michael Moorer vs Bert Cooper (May 15th 1992) the heavyweight version of Hagler v Hearns. It was awarded the FIGHT OF THE YEAR by KO Magazine in 1992.
George Groves discusses McGuigan Gym, loss to Jack and responds to Golovkin's comments
Roman Gonzalez-Giovanni Segura in The Works For 3/5 - Boxing News
Floyd Mayweather Says He Is A Victim Of Racism For Antics Similar To MMA Fighter Conor McGregor
Demetrius Andrade: With the WBC tourney, nobody can duck me!
Is Calzaghe discounted out of American bias or were Hopkins and RJJ really that much better?
Could actually see Floyd wearing these $1,500 snakeskin boxing glove decorations in the ring...
5 fights that must happen in 2016
[Serious] The possibility of corruption within boxing.
I truly believed Khan will win a rematch against Garcia but after watching Garcia land those hooks on Guerrero..
How do you rate Mayweather's win over Marquez? Give a reason why.
Pacquiao will be retiring
Broner: 'They want me to fight Pacquiao next'
Let's talk weightclasses
Happy Belated Birthday, Big George Foreman
Knockout camera angles
Hey, I'm Sofia and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Angel Garcia upset by prospect of Khan rematch
EDDIE HEARN REVEALS 'POSITIVE' TALKS WITH TEAM KHAN; TELLS FANS THERE IS HOPE FOR KHAN VS. BROOK ON JUNE 4 || FIGHTHYPE.COM
Sergey Kovalev vs Jean Pascal II - Full Fight [English Com.] 31.01.2016
Live Blog: Boxing on Showtime - Brant vs Perez
Tyson Fury told to avoid controversial non-boxing comments
A picture which represents Haymon clients calling out big names.
Saturday sparring class #Evolve #Progression #TeamWork
Freddie Little, the last boxer with an old-school stance, scores a 2nd Round Knockout
Deontay Wilder looking very in shape
Keith Thurman faces baptism of fire against Shawn Porter
Mark 'Too Sharp' Johnson, the defensive master, First African American flyweight champ
Floyd Mayweather jumping rope
Thurman predicts Porter's strategy
Timothy Bradley rules out fight with Crawford
Freddie Roach thinks Canelo will be bigger and stronger than GGG.
De La Hoya : if GGG fight was now, Canelo would get 90/10 split
Tyson Fury tried to purchase Scottish castle after Klitschko fight!
An Insight Into The First App That Makes It Easy To Find Streetfights!
Andre Ward-Sullivan Barrera Is a Done Deal. Scheduled For March 26
WBO World Middleweight Champ Saunders tells GGG to "offer some proper money"
At 16yrs Old weighing 210lbs, Mike Tyson and Cus express their frustration at the fact that their opponents chose to forfeit rather than face Tyson
In 1991, Mike Tyson was still lethal in the ring, scoring a 93-second knockout in his previous fight. This fight was to be a warm-up bout before meeting up with then-undefeated number 1 heavyweight contender Evander Holyfield. Buster Douglas was a 42-1 underdog.
A question for /u/noiragent
Are there ways to practice dodging punches on my own?
[POST FIGHT THREAD] Danny Garcia vs Robert Guerrero
2015 In Review By Country: Japan
Real Deal commerical (Just saw this commercial a few minutes ago and it made me smile)
Kovalev trainer: Ward has no inside game
Postol: Crawford Feared Risk, Avoided Me Like Danny Garcia!
[GIF] One night a couple months ago after knocking out a fellow in Cleveland, Terry Daniels was “running off at the mouth” as he puts it -- “talking about how great I was.” A promoter asked him “Who'd you like to fight next?” and Daniels just blurted out “Joe Frazier.” This Day In Boxing Jan 15 1972
Why isn't Andre Ward part of the banner at the top of the page?
Johnny Nelson on Brook/Khan saga
Muay Thai Fight, Petphanomrung vs Aranchai, Rajadamnern Stadium Bangkok,...
What is the boxing era (or fighters) you're missing the most?
Watch the UFC Fight Night: Dillashaw vs. Cruz weigh-in
Matt Korobov Ready To Face Gennady Golovkin on April 23
BJ Penn returns to the UFC
The WBA have just made another joke of themselves
Billy Crystal, 15 minute Ali story
Carl Froch impressed by Deontay Wilder performance
Tim Bradley Implies He'll Attack Manny Pacquiao's Shoulder After Injury - Pacquiao vs Tim Bradley
Saunders: "I'm not just going to go over to America to fight him, let him come to the UK and let me have something my way.'
Floyd Mayweather Says He Is A Victim Of Racism For Antics Similar To UFC fighter Conor McGregor
Look who just had shoulder surgery...
Juan Francisco Gallito Estrada VS Roman Chocolatito Gonzalez 2012.11.17
Freddie Roach on why Pacquiao vs Bradley 3 is a good fight.
Sergey Kovalev: Torturing Jean Pascal, by Gorilla Productions - Facebook video
The issue with Kell Brook...
Any boxing podcasts you'd recommend?
Floyd Mayweather: I didn't really have the urge to fight any more
Abner Mares hires Robert Garcia as new coach
Freddie Roach: I have an offer to train Luis Ortiz and Guillermo Rigondeaux
Kell Brook shuns Amir Khan for summer unification
Deontay Wilder says he will "baptize" Tyson Fury
Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder Post Fight Argument
"jo wilfried tsonga looks like muhammad ali"
Has there ever be a boxer who was successful in his career despite a serious lack of jab?
Hearn: We want world title for AJ, Haye fight doesn’t help that cause
Top 5 super (and legal) training supplements to fuel your performance
WatcH Aldo vs McGregor Live 2015 UFC Streaming Online UFC 195
MANNY POWER-PUNCH PACUIAO VS. TIMOTHY DESERTSTORM BRADLEY April.9.2016
Top Rank working on Oscar Valdez vs Evgeny Gradovich for Pacquiao-Bradley 3 undercard. Abraham vs Ramirez also in play.
Sergey Kovalev Greatest Hits
Eat, Sleep, Boxing and Repeat (Hoodie)
Amir Mansour is Back in Prison For a Parole Violation
Mike Tyson DID lift weight. Not bodybuilding style though
Happy Birthday, "Captain Hook" - Roy Jones Jr.!
The Greatest Sport On Earth - A guide to the best fights in boxing history
Does anybody know why a fight between James Toney vs either Chris Eubank or Nigel Benn never happened?
[SPOILERS] Thoughts on Charles Martin?
Help me find a boxer?
Adrien Broner's false claim to the WBA Welterweight title.
David Haye fight to be shown on youtube, no TV
Canelo's ability to hurt Golovkin?
Kun Khmer International Bokator Boxing, Beut Kham Khmer vs Thai Fighter,...
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:igaatagniaasdoana
Mauricio Suliaman Goes To War Defending WBC Rankings Vs Tha Boxingv Voice
Brook on Twitter calling out Khan for June 4 Wembley clash
