Hard time keeping it that way.
Affordable Blood Cancer Treatment under top Doctor in India Consult Indianmedguru
24yo student who has AML and is of Italian/Chinese-Thai descent needs a stem cell donor. Her only brother is not a match. Please share.
Got this message last night and thought I would share
Just waiting for that life changing call...
Six month CT scan for TC tomorrow.
What a difference two years makes!
The Curious Case of Makayla Sault
This sure is useful
Which causes cancer more quickly: cigarettes, diet soda or GMOs? - NaturalNews.com
Diagnosed with breast cancer at 25
Difficult question from a fiance
Well. It's done. In a bunch of pain but got the BF to hold me and wipe tears. Thanks for the good vibes!!! I'll know in a week what's up.
VET Discovers Tumor In A Lady's Ovaries
Fact Behind Prostate Brachytherapy - Prostate Seed Institute
What would you do to save your dad from losing everything to cancer?
Pink scarves for cancer (photo included)
I possibly have testicular cancer...
Am I wrong for being upset about how much my parents are involving me in the details of mum's IBC?
Thoughts on "The Truth About Cancer" documentary?
Haven't posted in a while
Surgery Day vLog - Testicular Cancer - SUDDOTH2
Learning About NETS: Neuroendocrine Tumors
Flu, cancer top 2015 health headlines
“There is another way” – Man Refuses Surgery and Chemo and Cures His Bladder Cancer With These… | TruthTheory
Lymphoma or blood cancer?
Ultrasound may help cancer drugs penetrate blood-brain barrier
I'm looking for more information on my DX Uterine Cancer
I would never have dreamed I'd become a cancer mentor for my own mom!
To young for this [25f]
Vocal issues after thyroidectomy? Or surgery in general?
How many young adults diagnosed with gliomas become long term survivors? (30+ years) (/r/braincancer)
BUY TOP GRADE MEDICAL MARIJUANA AND CANNABIS OIL AND CONCENTRATES FOR CANCER FREE SHIPPING EVERYWHERE DISCRETELY OVERNIGHT TOP QUALITY DRIED BUDS WITH SHATTER ,,WAX,,HASH,,OG KUSH ,,SOUR DIESEL ND OTHERS CONTACT (913) 766-2486 : buymarijuanaonlinesales@gmail.com
Is this a new hope for cancer patients?
Cancer Therapy Center Hospital Mumbai is equipped to provide comprehensive cancer care, advanced radiation therapy equipment, state-of-the-art Bone Marrow (BMT)/ Stem Cell Transplantation and Multispecialty Cancer Care.
Relative has metastatic stage IV melanoma -- any advice appreciated!
All cancer patients, wax oil, afghan oils, red oil, og oil, hash oil , marijuana buds , hydrocodone , oxycotin, Diazepam , xanax ,NORCO, DILUADID, MATHADONE ,PERCOCET ,RITALIN , ketamine, LSD, MDMA, COKE ,HYDROCODONE emial us at morganbriggs55@gmail.com or text ..(916) 572-6753
Questions about cancer
My dad died in his sleep last night
Best friend was told he had 1 week to live, and died 1 week later.
If lymph nodes have occasional pain, I'm guessing there's less incentive to worry.
Swallowing problems
Another day another biopsy
Alternative Cancer Treatment Center
Jumping to conclusions? How do you keep hopes up?
Support for caregivers?
Hair loss after chemo?!?
Chemo port 3D printed cover
What's a great gift to get someone in recovery?
How To Cancer Treatment advancements in India
I AM HANZ AND I AM FRANZ
Bone Cancer,bone cancer treatment
Pitt praised Jolie's approach to cancer - Business Insider
Choose the Right Prostate Cancer Treatment - Prostate Seed Institute
Looking for Trusted Mole Check Clinic in Brisbane?
MARKed (with Pancreatic Cancer) - 10 Minute Short Film
throat cancer: what is Throat cancer?
After being diagnosed with cancer, "I froze my embryos, started treatment, and hoped for the best."
A Father, a Dying Son, and the Quest to Make the Most Profound Videogame Ever
All cancer patients, wax oil, afghan oils, red oil, og oil, hash oil , marijuana buds , hydrocodone , oxycotin, Diazepam , xanax ,NORCO, DILUADID, MATHADONE ,PERCOCET ,RITALIN , ketamine, LSD, MDMA, COKE ,HYDROCODONE emial us at morganbriggs55@gmail.com or text ..(916) 572-6753
possible lymphoma help!
Average cost of inguinal biopsy??
Father diagnosed with Stage III pancreatic cancer.
Just diagnosed and I don't seem to be dealing with it
Hashtag MY JOKE FOR JIMMY
Endometrial cancer: what is it?
My diet in my fight against cancer Vitamins, vegetables &amp; spices
throat cancer :The symptoms,people at rick, risk factors for throat cancer
Throwback comic I did in the middle of treatments that kept me inspired
[x-post] /r/trees Cannaboids for cancer
What a difference two years makes!
Radiation vs. Removal
A friend has Papillary Thyroid Cancer. Thoughts on what he can do before it's removed?
Throat cancer:Prevention, medical treatment, and complementary approaches of throat cancer
Chemotherapy kills cancer patients faster than no treatment at all - NaturalNews.com
My mom told me she has stage 4 ovarian cancer. I feel helpless about it, because I live 3000 miles away.
Synthetic biologists developing cells programmed to target, destroy cancer
Why Smokers Still Smoke
What was your reaction when Dr. Said "You have X months to live"?
Advice for helping friend with advanced melanoma?
A buddy of mine invented a more secure, comfortable, and discreet vest for outpatient infusion &amp; chemotherapy treatments
Here's How Sugar Might Fuel the Growth of Cancer. New research [X-Post from r/Food]
5 years Non-Hodgkin stage 3 survivor
You know what people don't talk about?
My dad is a completely different person...
Help Arlene and the Esteves Family In Their Time of Need!
Eating Processed Meat Increases Risk for Colorectal Cancer – Finds IARC Study
Be alerted of harmful substances that cause Cancer, Autism and more. Healthy Alternatives, Raise Awareness, Provide aid for the Sick.
PETROLEUM AGAINST CANCER WHOSE ONLY DRAWBACK IS THAT IT IS CHEAP!
Pain after staging hysterectomy
A little over 6 months now. Need advice.
New comic about what cancer patients might hear when people try to pull "the God card"
Tips for bro undergoing throat cancer treatment
This appeared on my sisters arm in the morning, then something similar on her ankle. Anyone know what this could be?
For lung cancer patients/caregivers: I found this question on Quora and thought it had a tremendous amount of helpful info. "Are there any new treatments to lung cancer?"
Well, here I am guess
Bowel movement problems and unexplained weight loss. Terrified of colon cancer. 23 years old.
Medical Treatments of endometrial cancer
TOOTIE, HOW CAN YOU READ THOSE? THEY’RE JUST FULL OF RUMOR, GOSSIP &amp; INNUENDO.
Enlarged Inguinal Lymph Nodes in Groin
Bi-Weekly support group thread 01/11ish/2016
Account for medical fund and donations
I finally got my dad to eat something today
i dont know how to deal with my sisters cancer
Improving Lung Cancer Care By Pulling Specialists Together
Trying to fundraise a little more for an incredible organization called First Descents - Anyone Been? Free for Anyone Affected by Cancer - and It's a Life-changing Adventure :) Please Consider Donating to Help Fund Someone's Trip this Summer!
Photodynamic Therapy Maryland
Is chelation an effective way to fight cancer?
Teacher Sent Me An Offensive And Inappropriate Email Regarding my Mother's Passing From Cancer?
My dad just got diagnosed with colon cancer
My dad has just been told he has bowel and liver cancer
Has anyone had success with Avastin (Bevacizumab)? Pros and cons?? Honest greatly appreciated!!
Recover From Lymphoma: 7 Survivors Tell Their Stories
Suprapubic Catheter Cleaning and Care
There’s almost no evidence that cancer screening saves lives, say researchers
Beating Stage 4 Cancer With Baking Soda
Did it ever take you long to get results from an ultrasound?
5-year survivor of Stage IV rectal cancer, nervous about upcoming tests
Healthy comfort food suggestions?
ถาม ตอบ เรื่องมะเร็งกับ Dr Alex Tan
It looks like I have cancer &amp; my husband's reaction
Dad shaking during sleep.
Advice on blood test results
Father diagnosed with liver cancer, no idea what too do
Will my scar get better?
Jimmy Carter's grandson accepts first honorary Hutch Award on behalf of former president
Coffee for good health ebook free This books whole one section is on how to use coffee for cancer. Grab this!!! its free
Laughing with Cancer : LWC Show # 23 "Nutrition Nutrition where do you start" with guest Jean Lamantia
Bladder cancer, signs and symptoms?
Riley needs Reddit!
Persistent infections post-chemo?
What should I ask my doctor?
PSA: Don't blow off blood in the urine as just a UTI
My mom was just diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. She's only 50. I just need someone to talk to.
Need advice about dealing with mum's IBC
Treatment and complementary approaches to bladder cancer
Biomarkers for the Prognosis of Prostate Cancer Patients
Stafford Skin Cancer Clinic
A comic about how to SUCK at talking to cancer patients: cause
Just found out my Dad has stage 4 lung cancer.
How does everyone here feel about the "is this cancer" or "I think I have it, but haven't been to the doctor yet" posts?
Finished with Chemotherapy, still have port, will be studying in France for 6 months
Study targets SGEF protein in treating glioblastoma brain tumors
llumina Creates New Company to Detect Cancer in Blood Test
Today I'm officially 1 year cancer-free! (x-post from r/pics)
Someone here with experience with THC oil?
Illumina, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos look to make universal cancer test reality
Trying to discern my mom's condition
Friend JUST diagnosed with Stage 4 colon cancer that is now in the liver.
Wife just got diagnosed with ovarian cancer, they think it is metastatic.
Starting to get nervous
Facts of Cervical Cancer
Tattoo for my daddy
How Not To Be A Vісtіm Of Cаnсеr
6 Common Misconceptions About Cancer
Best Leukemia Treatment in India - Top Doctors ... - Healthcare Tourism in India
Should I reconnect with my old friend who (I think) has cancer?
Question about first CT scan/restaging
My cousin has been fighting for her life in one form or another since she was 5, she's in her early 40's now, just lost her leg...
Top 5 Cancer Fighting Foods
Radiation Seed Therapy for Prostate Cancer - Prostate Seed Institute
This Spice Can Protect You Against Liver Cancer
That Dragon, Cancer Excerpt
(Venting) Whiplash from landlord negligence
Some Progressive Ideas
Fundraising sub?
Hey people, new here.
Thyroid Cancer and RAI, Feeling Frustrated
Cancer sucks, and it is bigger than just Hollywood.
How to deal with body heat issues after losing hair/radiation??
Why is it impossible to go more than 10 minutes without being reminded of cancer?!
Switching from chemo to radiation therapy
My high school helping to raise funds to assist those fighting cancer, through the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. All proceeds go directly to help patients with treatments and therapies. Please join us in this fight and help spread the word. Together, we can help find a cure. Thank you!
Ovarian Cancer: Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug Shows Promise
I don't feel comfortable reading this.... ‪#‎badboob‬ ‪#‎cancerfree‬ ‪#‎fuckcancer‬
Mom is losing her 2 year battle.
6 year old niece diagnosed with Ewings
Tips for someone heading into an extended hospital stay?
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/17/2016
Cancer Medicine
Types of Cancer and its Stages
FUCK CANCER | Alan Rickman as a pissed Metatron
Would anyone like a book?
Soy products linked to cancer in lab tests: Four very convincing reasons to cut soy from your diet today - NaturalNews.com
Are there any perks of cancer?
What does it take to change policy in the cancer ward?
curcubest vin super foods
Could it be cancer?
Doing fine then, BAM! Grief from cancer loss from 11 years ago hits in a new way.
Best way to support cervical cancer research?
Is there anyone here that's had a radical cystectomy for bladder cancer that I could talk to?
Bowie didn't look sick
Awesome dude fighting leukemia!
Cancer: Medical treatment of colon cancer
Skin cancer extremely lethal when caught during pregnancy
New Twin Study Looks At Familial Risks Of 23 Different Cancers
New Study Shows Eating Pussy May Cure Cancer
My consultant is an educated e xperienced well respected woman but the appointments are a nightmare
Race for Life 2016
My dad has a stomach tumor, stage 4 and has spread to his bones.
"As I Lay Dying:" “As I Lay Dying..” LA Times Writer’s Last Words Will Make You Question Entire Breast Cancer Industry
Is there any experimental treatment for lung cancer?
My housecleaning company is cleaning for a family with a 5 yo who has been battling a brain tumor since she was 2.
Husband has tumors on his parathyroid. I'm lost.
My mom's lung cancer returned, and then we found out she had bone cancer because she broke her hip, and now she had a stroke in the hospital due to post-surgery complications (blood clots).
Trying to respect the SO need for recharge time while I am really sick and need him?
She' been drifting a way from me since founding out that she has cancer
Was just informed our friend (battling cancer for almost 3 years) was put into hospice. We were asked to visit this weekend. Need Advice
New Study Finds Eating Pu$$y May Cure Cancer
Book: When Breath Becomes Air
Ovarian cancer and chemo question
Tongue Cancer: The taste returned!
Dealing with life after recurrence surgery?
Monoclonal gamma protein detected - I'm so scared I have cancer.
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/27/2016
When did you feel sick from radiation?
How long to recover from neutropenia?
Mother diagnosed with lung cancer
New facts to know about cancer
What kinds of cancer can Actos cause for Florida patients?
35 Encouraging Photos of the Kids Who Beat Cancer
Rich Eisen Remembers Stuart Scott
Billionaire pulls together drugmakers, IBX for cancer collaboration
How Cancer and a Transplant Shaped My Life
Onto a new chapter
Wanted to share my memorial tattoo with you all. My dad lost his battle to colon cancer in Sept. [Fresh tattoo]
How long can someone have lymphoma before noticing any symptoms?
Best Cancer Hospital in Mumbai – Kokilaben Hospital
Wanted to share this news article post of my friend's dad who cured his cancer apparently using Cannibis Oil + CHemo
Killing cancer by prohibiting glucose intake?
Did a stool test. Waiting for the results.
Marijuana question
Should My Dad Get a prostate biopsy?
How to find clinical trials?
new youtube cancer
I am looking for other cancer patients who have sent a sample of their tumor to Foundation Medicine. We are waiting for DH results, due in under two weeks.
My comic about what I hear when people share the "cancer drug conspiracy theory"
Mother has terminal cancer and it is getting to the point she can no longer work. Where can she go about getting disability or some kind of aid so she doesn't end up homeless?
TomoNews | Scientists may have accidentally found the cure for cancer
Flying overseas with weakened immune system?
U.S. cancer centers unanimously call for increase in HPV vaccine use to prevent cancer
Turmeric May Cure Cancer
Low cost Leukemia Cancer Treatment in India with top Oncologist - Consult Indianmedguru
lung cancer : Risk factors for lung cancer
Ode to Hair Loss
Testicle Cancer
Cervical pain with infection post biopsy??
Any parents of still-young children that have or have had Cancer feeling unemotional at their own diagnosis after their child's?
Mother diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer
experience with exercise and lymph node surgery
Bladder cancer :Risk factors and prevention of bladder cancer
Colorectal Cancer Refers to Malignancies that Originate in the Rectum or the Colon
ทำไมต้องใช้ 4life Transfer factor
An essay on Lynch syndrome, genetics, identity, and laxatives, by Jean Hannah Edelstein.
Guide To Tonsil Cancer : Cancer Healer Center India
Possibility of breast cancer? (Male)
Research: Psycho-Oncology Experiences in Asian Americans
UPDATE- m/21 hodkgins lynmphoma 2nd treatment ABVD
Hodgkin's Lymphoma
Looking for a doctor's opinion
I need some advice
what is the concern with exercise "too soon" after surgery?
Science Says This Can Help You Stop Smoking Cigarettes or Marijuana - The Tracking Technique
Stafford Skin Cancer Clinic Offers Effective and Latest Treatment
LONG ISLAND CANCER DISABILITY DISCRIMINATION LAWYER
Dad diagnosed with Pancreatic Cancer... Need someone to talk to.
10 more blasts of radiation to go! 15 complete. Good luck to everyone else going through radiation right now.
Feeling scared and kind of stupid. (Just had 2nd treatment of ABVD for Hodgkin's Lymphoma)
Lung cancer treatment
The bladder cancer: what is it?
Illumina Jumps into Cancer Screening with $100 Million Spin-off Grail - DNA sequencing looking for cancer
CT Scans Raises Concerns About Radiation Exposure
Vice President Biden's National Mission: A Moonshot to Cure Cancer
New research suggests sugar is a tributary cause to breast cancer.
In Memory Of Iwata We Made A Top 10 Nintendo Moments Of 2015 Video To Raise Money To Help Fight Cancer (The Speaker's Mom Is Going Through Breast Cancer And Mine Constantly Has To Get Cancerous Lumps Removed)
Has anyone had an experience when a doctor thought nothing of a symptom you had that turned out to be cancer?
I've been looking at research articles considering the bacterial flora found in cancer location sites. Is there a correlation between body part immune system damage and changes in normal healthy bacteria flora?
Recently diagnosed with papillary carcinoma of the thyroid. Have some questions - Doctors would be helpful!!!
Anyone have extreme joint pain after chemo and radiation has stopped?
I am struggling... on the verge of my appointment with the Oncologist
Would appreciate some positive vibes
Work in progress. Support for the BRCA gene.
Laughing with Cancer
Green Herb Could Be The Cure to Five Different Types of Cancer Including Ovarian, Liver, Lung, and Melanoma
Stay Aware And Lower Your Risk of Cancer
Alan Rickman dies aged 69 from cancer
Canada-wide Recruitment for Cancer Research Study- Infertility in young men after cancer
Girlfriend's brother has cancer - questions inside
UPDATE- m/21 Hodgkins lynmphoma
Cancer Prevention &amp;#8211; Reduce Your Risk of Getting Cancer
First time ever: Medical doctor speaks out about reversing cancer, Lyme and autoimmune disease naturally - NaturalNews.com
Pink, White &amp; Blue - A breast cancer awareness project
How did you "come out" with cancer? Interesting range of experiences &amp; some helpful tips:
Breast cancer as male?
Is it possible, is oxygen causing lung cancer?
My brother has stage 4 sarcoma cancer
Scared shitless, haven't slept properly in days.
So tomorrow is my *hopefully* last chemo ever for Hodgkin's ... what do you do to stave off the terror that it could potentially come back after you're "cured." And how do you deal with it if it does?
My brother is dying and I'm doing a terrible job at being supportive.
My grandfather (80) is now officially dying of multiple myeloma, and I don't know how to feel.
Illumina Creating Company to Develop Early-Stage Cancer Detection Test
chemo brain is real
Finally the battle with cancer is won: All about controversial treatment with medical petroleum
Partner of 19 years just diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
Colorectal cancer: Symptoms, people and risk factors for colon cancer
most annoying &amp; insensitive things you've heard
Lot of mucus during post-operative chemotherapy after gastric cancer
rectal cancer stage 3 My mom doesn't want to have surgery because she thinks hemp oil will cure her. Help :/
Does it bother you when someone calls something cancer when its not medical related?(like in a videogame, and not maliciously)
Back in the ER and the biffle brought me a buddy. Like us he has scars.
Prostate Cancer - Comparing Treatment Results
Venting Machine: I want actually make it.
Can someone share any experiences with Cancer as "The Elephant in the room"?
If it can get Bowie, my Dad doesn't stand a chance
I feel like I'm not grieving properly for my mother
Cost of cancer leads to poor survival outcomes
Cancer gave me superpowers. As a recent breast cancer survivor, I’m blogging about how cancer gave me superpowers.
Can 3D Printed Stents Finally Cure Esophageal Cancer?
Does any one know what type of cancers Lemmy and David Bowie had?
Gefitinib - The Most Renowned Antidote For Lung Cancer
HELP?? Do i have bone cancer
My mom tells me our family was just dealt a bad hand.
cat has aggressive breast cancer - need advice
Is there a reason on why is cancer so popular at people age 55-65?
I need someone to talk to about this
Insurance is being impossible.
How do you deal with people with good intentions wanting to tell you about bullshit cures they read about?
meningioma information
Seeing the plastic surgeon who will be involved with my double mastectomy and reconstruction tomorrow. It's our first visit. What should I ask her?
Chemo Port Question: SCM spasms after slip and fall. Should I be concerned about the port tubes?
รักษามะเร็ง อย่าปันใจให้มะเร็งทางอ้อม #ภูมิคุ้มกันรักษาโรค
Wanted to share a news article of a friend's dad curing his “incurable, inoperable” lung and pericardial heart sac cancer from using cannibis oil + chemo.
Anal cancers Causes, risk factors and clinical presentation
Where do I go from here?
Just diagnosed with colon cancer. Surgery Tuesday. What to expect? How to manage boredom?
If you don't have a big support system
What are signs of cancer? - AskMeForHealth
Dad went from Stage IV prostate cancer in 2014 to almost nothing at the end of 2015. He made a thank you video for Cancer Treatment Centers that he wants to share with everyone.
Alan Rickman, Actor Known for ‘Harry Potter’ and ‘Die Hard,’ Dies at 69
For all you caregivers out there (xposted to /r/cancercaregivers)
"MARKed (with Cancer)" - 10 minute short film about depression in cancer patients
lung cancer :The symptoms and people with lung cancer risk
Having Synovial Sarcoma and shiz.
Saving my brother Yoni from cancer
Long distance support suggestions for best friend with cancer?
How to respond.
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/13/2016
Got cancer. Had surgery. Had chemo. Now I'm clear (for now) and ready to run again! Never lose hope!
Are you looking for Low Cost Leukemia Treatment in India - Contact Indian Med-Guru Consultants!
Colon Cancer – Rising Numbers In People Under 50
Cooking with Splenda found to release cancer-causing dioxins in food - NaturalNews.com
Lung cancer: what is it?
Breast Cancer Surgery Options
A few questions
I am a Cancer caregiver.lets face it,Medical cannabis oil saves.i got cannabis oil from (913) 730-6922 ..it saved the life of my Dad .lets take the step against cancer..
Bone Marrow Transplant
What drinks actually taste good?
Post Cancer and Anxiety
My father-in-law may have pancreatic cancer
Risk factors and prevention of endometrial cancer
My World in Preview: A Documentary of Life with Cancer
Study aims to improve quality of life for Latina breast cancer survivors
Passport to Good Health - Emory Healthcare World Class Cancer Solutions comes to Acworth!
Disneyland dream for boy, 7, battling leukaemia
Family member has metastatic stage IV melanoma -- any advice appreciated
Counts (at least hemoglobin, hematocrit) crashed during ALL maintenance therapy
Bladder cancer treatment
Colorectal cancer: how to prevent it ?
Update: thanks for the good vibes!! I'm feeling VERY doped up and am not allowed to check my work emails but I'm optimistic. Thank you guys for the support!!!!!!
[AMA] Former caregiver here to help others
Fatigue from whole brain radiation
Stage IV cancer and in need of something to pass the time.
I am a recent cancer survivor, and I think I am going crazy
My dad doesn't know who anyone is and keeps calling for his mum
Should I go to the ER right now?
My uncle is diagnosed with Stage 1 Stomach cancer, am giving him a visit today, is there anything i can say to boost his moral ?
I just found out my grandmother who raised me has stage 4 pancreatic cancer that has metastasized to her liver.
What were some of the good things about your 2015?
The fight against cancer
My girlfriend is in surgery right now for a single mastectomy
Is this cancer?
My dog has anal parkinsons
Bone marrow biopsy
Found out my mother has breast cancer
Breast Cancer specialist in Bangalore
[article] The Man Who Would Tame Cancer
Hey, I'm sorry if this is a stupid post but can someone please tell me what I should be expecting?
BOOBIES! Who is the very best breast reconstruction surgeon in America?
How did you react when you found out you/someone else had cancer?
Cancer Robbed Me
Breast Cancer and Sugar Consumption: The Real Truth Everyone Needs to Know
Lung cancer :Medical treatment of lung cancer
Is this cancer?
Friends ignore me and cry about celebrity cancer deaths
The scoop on poop round 2 : Update
Any exercises for peripheral neuropathy caused by chemotherapy?
My little buddy needs help.
DO WE KNOW WHAT CAUSES OVARIAN CANCER?
MRW I am nervous as hell about my biopsies tomorrow...shaking already and it's not even until 4 tomorrow.
IT STARTED OUT WITH A LUMP….
Cancer doesn't care if you're famous.
Bendamustine info
College student who needs advice with loans
fairly recent cancer survivor w/ ptsd
What is a ct scan like?
Colon Cancer info for a family in denial
Friends brother has colon cancer
Thank you's and update on results
Hard times ahead [mom has stage 4 peritoneal/stomach cancer, 61]
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/03/2016
Where do I go from here?
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/20/2016
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/24/2016
Dad (58) diagnosed with stage IV Small cell lung cancer that has metastasized to his brain, bones, and liver.
Is anyone else in the position of knowing exactly what caused their cancer?
Mother was just diagnosed with stage IV NSCLC. What questions should she ask the Oncologist? My heart is breaking.
Those of us in support positions.
Want to have wig made, advice?
web board #ภูมิคุ้มกันรักษาโรค ( Immunotherapy )
Dr Alex Tan แพทย์เชี่ยวชาญ ศัลยกรรมมะเร็ง
Cancer sucks let's all help out personalized and handmade necklaces for the ones you love
Today is my 1 year anniversary of the biopsy that changed my life. I was diagnosed with breast cancer at age 25!
Twins point to genetic component of cancer risk
To everyone who has been fighting against cancer...
Like most of you, I could use a nice word or two.
Can pulmonary nodules just vanish?
New to Reddit. Not new to cancer.
Tired of Cancer and the Uncertainty It Brings | Cure Today
How to SUCK at talking with cancer patients: cure (new comic). This one made me LOL while making it.
Message to the World from Brave Mykayla
I'm a little scared...
Can I just vent? Things got worse.
My first cancer t-shirt design. Thanks for the help - this won't be the last one!
angry sister with terminal cancer
I'm looking for a "dying checklist" for my wife
Medication and camping
How long does insomnia last?
Colon cancer t-shirt?
Endometrial cancer:Symptoms and people at risk
The Facts on Alcohol Consumption and Breast Cancer Risk
How Sugar Can Pave The Way To Cancer Cell Growth
My grandma didn't even get the chance to battle her cancer
Just found out the end is near for my father. Really not sure what to do now.
Photography and practicing drums got me through chemo
Company Bets on Catching Cancer With 'Liquid Biopsy'
Please help my son with Leukemia. Every dollar helps. Cmon Reddit!
Causes and Symptoms of Skin Cancer
Cancer open datasets
A different kind of Ken Griffey Jr. story
Is ' increased uptake of tracer' a good thing in a bone scan scintigram?
So my dad has breast cancer...
GOFUNDME ___ PLEASE READ (MEDICAL-HOPES?)
13 Superfoods to Lower Lung Cancer Risk
Cancer Specialist in Hyderabad - credihealth
Here Is How Lemon Is Useful For Cancer
New drug for treating prostate cancer approved in Mexico
Cancer industry now admits that chemo and radiation treatments generate huge repeat business and repeat profits - NaturalNews.com
Now Available: HOW NOT TO DIE: In 13 Easy Steps
A short film about a cancer patient who loses support from family and friends due to his diagnosis.
And my penis was missing again.... ‪#‎badboob‬ ‪#‎fuckcancer‬ ‪#‎cancerfree‬
Help Save the Life of Artist T.S. Claire - GBM Grade 4
Chronic Fatigue?
Today in my cancer journey I am thankful for....
How to help chemo cold?
My father is free of pain; my mother is free of cancer.
Benefits of Graviola Leaf | GRIN Real Nature
Cancer in China
curcubest curcumin tablets termeric 95% pure curcumin
Can we make this boys dream come true to find pictures from around the world?
How The Compound From Green Chile Can Help Kill Cancer Cells
Waiting for pathology &amp; Advice on what to do after diagnosis
Imgur: The most awesome images on the Internet
Is it too late for a second opinion?
Please help find a cure for Leiomyosarcoma!! Consider donating to www.gofundme.com/NLMSF
Update: The week from hell is finally over
Chemical exposure, skin spots, scared
Second bout for my father
How to talk to my husband about my feelings?
BONE CANCER CAUSES AND SYMPTOMS
Hey, I'm Daria and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
I had cervical cancer at 24, beat it, manage to have a little girl and now I am a fit mum, come and watch the videos!
Thumbay Hospital Dubai to Launch Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign in Association with Dubai Taxi Corporation, Pink Taxis, on 11th Jan. 2016
My dad just got dignosed with stage 4 lung cancer and I'm scared
Travel Insurance Difficulties
Taxol Side Effects
My mum only has a couple days left to live.
Woke up feeling inspired today. So, I wrote a little poem about my cancer journey. I'm no poet, (are you supposed to swear in poems?)but I hope you enjoy it anyways.
Sоmе Tірѕ On Hоw To Prеvеnt Cаnсеr - How To Be Healthy
How to tell friends about a diagnosis on Facebook
Aging Mother with Cancer Needs Care
Phantom smells?
Blood Cancer Treatment Cost - Consult Indian Med Guru
I need to tape this outside my door at work...
EARTH APPROVED - Scan to Cure Cancer
What Are the Top Cancer Hospitals In Delhi Providing You.
Mom suspected of cancer?!
Mom was diagnosed yesterday with borderline stage 1 breast cancer.
Bi-Weekly Support Group Thread 01/06/2016
I'm losing my father
one of those "good news/bad news" situations
dad in law has cancer. turns out, so do I.
Proton Radiation Therapy Centers - Prostate Seed Institute
hockey player Eddie Klein
Likely negative prognosis for my father in the middle of my faith crisis. I just lost my religious security, and now it looks like I'll lose my father.
6 month follow up with surgeon who removed cancer from my breast. My brain is in an odd state where I can not think of questions to ask my surgeon at this visit. Any suggestions/tips would be ever so helpful.
Gamma knife surgery?
Stage 3 Colon Cancer halfway through chemo and my COBRA is running out. As I navigate my state Insurance exchange for a new plan, what should be my priorities?
Today could be the last day I ever see my father again.
As of December 30th, 2015, my dad has been declared free of pancreatic cancer, but...
Sophia's Fight
Prostate Cancer Symptoms and Treatments - Prostate Seed Institute
Redditors, if you are of Vietnamese ethnicity, this very sick teen desperately needs your help
