Consecrated Eucharist question
What do Catholics do in Heaven?
Book suggestions for someone new to the Catholic faith
What's the best way to forgive someone when you've both agreed that it is best never to speak to one another?
Year of Mercy -- mixed experiences
Are men that weak men it comes to lust?
I stumbled upon a Catholic site.
Questions about first Communion..
Great website for automatically adding Catholic feast days and days of obligation to your smartphone calendar this year!
Does anyone else feel strange about owning things?
Chapter 1 of my new blog. Does God Exist?
Spiritual Approach to Procrastination
Cast Your Nets
[Free Friday] Via Rufus Pandam , or the Red Panda Proof
La Parabole de la Brebis Égarée
You don't have to like a pope
Christ the King vs the American Way
Archbishop Sheen: Has it Really Been 65 Years?
Catholicism at Year Zero: Theology, tradition, and "a vision of the church as a permanent debating society"
The Long Journey Home: Discerning the Vocational Call
Dogma vs Doutrina
A tweet from the national spokeswoman for Donald Trump on the church
Jesus or No Volcano?
My mom has made out family protestant, what should I do
How are we supposed to deal with intense emotional pain?
Is this too trivial to pray for?
Photos from a traditional priest serving an African mission - 21 January 2016
Parish Priest is coming to Bless our new home. Few questions.
Theology of The Body [NSFW]
What is the proper Catholic response to Scott Lively?
[Free Friday] Is bringing candy into the movies when the theater asks you to only eat product purchase from their concessions a sin of disobedience?
Never heard of this happening before...
Dealing with past sins and fear of status of salvation
What is the Perennial Philosophy?
Choosing Catholicism?
Spiritual Blindness &amp; Pride
Southern Baptist Rite?
What is a Christian Mystic?
Entering religious life, having a hard time when thinking about my ex-fianceé
Are there any worthwhile Catholic forums?
[Free Friday] Actual popular sayings from Normandy, France
The 9 Ways of Being an Accessory to Another’s Sin
Pondering Tidbits of Truth - January 28, 2016
Reminder for snowed-in Catholics in DC: Dangerous travel conditions are legitimate excuses for missing Sunday mass.
What is the difference between a Personal Ordinariate and a Personal Prelature?
Review: In a New Book, Pope Francis Calls Mercy Essential
A Priest for Gangbangers
Matt Maher and Audrey Assad leading worship at Onething in Kansas City this week
10 Best and Worst Things
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [Catholicism]
Heaven and near-death experiences: How to separate fact from fiction
In the U.S Half of Priests and Bishops are Gay
The Lord’s Prayer During Mass: Should We Hold Hands? Or Raise Them in the Air?
Colorado offered free birth control — and teen abortions fell by 42 percent
Can Buddhism (philosophy) and Catholicism be both practiced?
Friend posted this on Facebook. Not sure whether to cringe or laugh...
I redound something in Adoration
Living together before marriage?
Has Catholicism Ever Been Truly Accepted In The U.S.A.?
In about a month, I'll have to teach my RCIA class all the hard teachings. Advice?
Catholic does NOT necessarily mean conservative.
Spiritual Advisor
Do Catholics really think that other Christian denominations won't receive salvation?
Am I sinning or just being scrupulous?
Sin to miss Mass if in wilderness?
Why do you consider catholic is better than baptist? [EX-JW]
[Free Friday] Cast your vote. Which of these should be the song of celebration for Cathodox reunification?
What separates a Catholic from a Christian?
Can anybody point me to some good Lenten meal plan resources for athletes?
Aquinas on masturbation
Concerning Dreams...
Priests are so much more hardcore than I realized.
Mary as the new Eve?
Why Confession?
Do you see Christ in your spouse or in yourself?
LPI's Connect Midweek Reflection
Imperial Jury Indicts Luke Skywalker; Galactic Empire Cleared
This Site Likely Contains Sex!1ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my saan
I Won’t Force My Kids To Go To Church (Not What it Sounds Like)
Have We Reached Peak Latin Mass?
Are there any other Catholics out there pursuing a career in the performing arts or is it just me?
Walmart Closing? FEMA Camps, Jade Helm 16 UWEX, 3rd Term Obama
How would you even know if a demon was attached to or possessing you? Are there different levels? Could you just be a little attached to the demonic and not really know it but it could be causing you to sin?
Why Silence is Important to the Mass
[Free Friday] Our Lady of Guadalupe Sanctuary in my hometown after New Year's Blessing.
¿Quién es ese Dios, tan inseguro, que necesita que lo alaben y lo amen?
The devil's favorite sin
spacex This nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! It's is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt! NО PАYS, АND ОTHЕR BULLSНIT!
[Catholic Answers] Who wrote 2 Thessalonians?
This makes me want to read all of Belloc's work
The Light Shines in the Darkness
BREAKING: “The Pope Video” removed
Went to the Basilica of St. Josaphat for Christmas Mass. Unforgettable experience.
Immaculata Press now has a Facebook account! Interested in our reprint of The Imitation of Christ in a more beautiful and reverent translation? Come follow us!
Is it morally permissible for Catholics to use vaccines that were derived from aborted fetuses?
I've been Catholiced.
Can I take two confirmation saints and two confirmation names?
My devout parents brought me up with almost no exposure to girls to "protect" me, now I'm afraid of women and it's preventing me from finding a wife
What do you guys think of Phillip Jenkins?
Father Michael Pfleger's and His Church
Mary and the Holy Spirit
Belated St. Thomas comic
Is this what you really expect? [Free Friday]
Los Angeles Archbishop Jose Gomez to celebrate traditional Latin Pontifical Mass at the Throne and traditional confirmation
Pope Warns Powerful to Care for Poor or Face Hell in Lent Address
There's 1 Country Where Women Can't Vote &amp; It's Seriously Time For It To Break With "Tradition"
What future is there for small communities within the Catholic Church?
The Need for More Fathers
Francis Effects | Opus Publicum
Stewardship is Everything
Getting to the other side of forgiveness | Diocese of Bismarck | Bismarck, ND
What do you think of the Pope's most recent video about interfaith dialogue?
How I Met My Future Husbands, AKA Every Guy Ever
Incomplete sex and sin -- NSFW
Airport mass count for Sunday obligation?
How do we fix our PR problem?
I finally came out to my parents...
Is there a complete list of all letters, encyclicals, and written documents for all popes?
Question on the Eucharist and pregnancy.
Dreams, Astrology, the Bible, and the Church
Hey there everyone! New College minister here. I had a couple questions!
What to call Hell, Purgatory, and Heaven?
Why did God give us free will if most people will end up making the wrong choices and end up in hell?
Lent and the Eucharist
On Vladimir Putin and the Conversion of Russia
Confused and looking for answers.
That born-again experience
My friends (they are Christian) are inviting me to some sort of party tomorrow and I don't think it's right for me to go
Anno Domini 2016
Am I breaking the Eucharistic fast by...
Week of Prayer for Christian Unity begins today!
[Free Friday] Tell us about your parish!
Recieving Christ only on Easter as bare mininum is impossible since mortal sin no mass sunday.
Rome's "Family Day" - Defiant Catholic Laity against "same-sex unions", despite little support from the Vatican
[Satire] NCAA Investigating God For Giving Gifts To Athletes
Deo gratias! The Holy Father has approved the beatification of Dom Justo Takayama
[Free Friday] NY Couple Ordered to Complete "Re-education" to Contradict Religious Beliefs About Marriage
[Free Friday] This was at the Abbey we stayed at for silent retreat. Seems legit
Ariz. abuse case names bishop, 2 priests -- the ouster of Trupia [one of the priests] has been blocked by the Vatican’s highest tribunal, which sided with Trupia after he appealed an earlier effort to suspend him.
[Free Friday] Catholic League’s William Donohue Offended About Something
Faith is to potential energy as charity is to kinetic energy
A Misplaced Grief: The Vatican and David Bowie
All Life is Worth Living
The 4 Levels of Dogma and Doctrine, In One Really Helpful Diagram
Blasfêmia contra o Espírito Santo
Question about today's Holy Day of Obligation
RUGGED DUTY ROSARIES
Little help with a saint
I'm a Catholic school teacher and I'm pregnant and unmarried, will I get fired over this?
I Don't Want To Sound Like I'm Suffering From A Mental Disease
What is the actual doctrine of Justification as defined by the church?
Looking for a Catholic for Informal Discussion
Catechism Paragraph 460 - Query
If you don't already, sign up for Flocknote Study Programs!
I get it we all sinners but
I want to know everything about veil's
Question about the secret of confession...
I have a question about a bit of an odd situation.
Catholic Chatroom
Happy (Byzantine) feast of the Theophany!
Bishop Barron on Dante and the Spiritual Journey
Vie dans l'Esprit
What are the benefits of attending Daily Mass?
Co-existing amid terrorist threats in Cameroon. "Christians protect mosques on Friday, Muslims patrol around churches on Sunday to prevent attacks from Boko Haram"
The “One-sided Truce” with the Modern World
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Talks About The Beauty Of Life And Death
Can you be saved by just being a Christian?
Luke Skywalker's Monastic Retreat: The ancient "impossible" Catholic monastery in Star Wars Ep. VII (minor spoilers)
Scalia dismisses concept of religious neutrality in speech
La Parábola de la Oveja Perdida
[Free Friday] Controversial "Doing God's Will" comic that made the all.reddit.com front page recently.
Is it sacrilege to "hedge my bets" in order to overcome my doubts?
How to be encouraging to your spouse without guilting them?
So this heresy showed up in my facebook feed today...
What do you think we're supposed to learn from the story of the tower of Babel?
My Dying Faith.
Request for Reading on the Transcendental Properties
Today is the 33rd anniversary of the promulgation of the Code of Canon Law. Don't be weird by making a big deal about it.
NFP, Hormone treatment question + the story of my life.
A plea to retreat organizers
Kids asking hard questions about science, creation.
What would be an appropriate image of Mary to help provide comfort to my father?
Just some things I need to say
[NSFW] Serious question on if LGBT people have a place in the church
I'd like to read more on how (theological) decisions are made within the Church, but I'm not sure where to start.
Meeting with my vocation director!!
[Free Friday] Today's feast day
Thoughts on René Descartes?
Sweet Jesus, It's Cold!
CatholicHerald.co.uk - The Pope’s agonising dilemma
If...If...If...Turn to the Eucharist
Donald Trump: "Over time, our culture of life in this country has started sliding toward a culture of death. ... [Since] Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Count 43 years ago, over 50 million Americans never had the chance to enjoy the opportunities offered by this country."
Satanic Desecration of Our Lady
Catholic in the NFL: Irish Viking Navigates Rocky Seas of the NFL
[Free Friday] Do you love Matt Maher? Check out the new subreddit dedicated to his music.
"Just War Doctrine:" I will become an Army officer this May. Help me, or challenge me, in reconciling a profession of arms with the Faith.
5 Insane Facts That Will Change How You View Christianity--warning, cites Gnostic gospels as evidence.
How Do I Find The True Religion?
Transexual catholics. How is your view of Marriage, sexuality and the complementearity of the sexes?
I think I convinced my old friend.
How do we fix our PR problem?
[NSFW] Is Sex for Science Permissible? [Serious]
Can a man become ordained after his wife passes away?
Help and Resources for Discerning
Should I skip a trip because I won't be able to go to mass?
Does anybody know a good Catholic History movie I could watch?
Historical evidence of Mary adoration
Brooklyn Parish To Hold ‘Star Wars Mass.’
[Free Friday] For any fellow Scott Hahn fans: My professor, who is very close with him, sent me this. I'm an awestruck little fan-boy.
Why Catholic leaders don’t endorse presidential candidates | Crux
A contemplative order in the Diocese of Knoxville, the Handmaids of the Precious Blood, posted their comic yesterday. These ladies are great!
Oldest Christian Monastery in Iraq Wiped Out
What would it take to bring Catholic/Christian ideology back into mainstream society?
Pope designates Walsingham shrine as a minor basilica
A review of the book, "Forming Intentional Disciples: The Path to Knowing and Following Jesus", by Sherry Weddell and published by Our Sunday Visitor in 2012.
If Vatican II hadn't stated that music for liturgical use shouldn't use distracting melodies I think this Mass setting would be quite popular...
Don't Stay In Bed!
Pope Francis Wearing Sweater Vestments He Got For Christmas
THE CONTINUING IMPORTANCE OF THE NATURAL LAW FOR THE AMERICAN LEGAL SYSTEM
Recommendations for a great printing of the RSV-CE?
Is Lent and penance on Friday binding for non-Catholic Christians?
Is there a difference between a marriage and a civil union?
Fast Friday's question
Question: time is a man made element correct? How long do you quantify the duration one may stay in purgatory if time is only in the lifetime?
How does God interacts with the world?
Is it a mortal sin to look at pictures of beautiful female faces (habitually)?
Need Help Finding Douay-Rheims Bible Cover Picture.
Question for parents of Elementary School children
What did the Earth look like while Man was unfallen?
Looking for Catholic fiction
I'm a new leader of a youth group. HELP!!!!!!!!!
deism-&gt;theism-&gt;Christianity
Pray Along with the Automoderator — January 01, 2016
What are the best books, methods, resources, tools for becoming acquainted with and learning meditation and meditative prayer? And more importantly, WHY do you consider them to be the best?
#WorthRevisit: My Franciscan Saint for the Year
Psalm 39: CHANTED - I Said, I Will Take Heed To My Ways, That I Sin Not ...
Carrying A Spouse – Hard Truth about Marriage
The Church isn’t obsessed with sex, but it is with humanity
12 Steps to Becoming a Nun (Satire)
Iconic Jerusalem church hit by anti-Christian graffiti
The Inside Story on the Turnpike Mass, From the Priest Who Led It
Porn's dangerous reach: A new study shows that users of pornography are more likely to commit rape, sexual harassment | Our Sunday Visitor
Who would head the Latin Rite if someone outside it was elected Bishop of Rome?
Illumination of Conscience
Vatican OKs loan of relic for Anglican primate meeting
Dear Father: Please Stop
The Visit of a Lifetime: Discerning with the Mother of God
SUMMA THEOLOGICA: The entrance into religious life (St. Thomas Aquinas, Doctor of the Church)
Discuss religion thread?
not really a Catholic, but from an Irish Catholic family, this link really made me think
Have a nice day 유흥다이소《UDAISＯ03닷콤》의정부립카페《김포휴게텔》화정휴게텔》강남건마》논현휴게텔→》
There's an /r/askreddit thread where Mother Teresa has been brought up...
Question about marriage and sterility.
Marion Consecration
I'm starting to read St John of the Cross's Dark Night any tips?
Just curious: How many priests are on this sub?
What is the Catholic Apostolic Church In North America (or CACINA)?
Mantillas and weddings? Halp
Can you be a Catholic and a Democrat at the same time?
[Free Friday] What publications do you all read that are worth picking up?
[Free Friday] If Superman was Catholic... (questions)
May His love be the first and last thought of your day.
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:saansgaaatngaiodds
How Catholic Charities Is Lending Aid Amid Flint Water Crisis
The Battle Against Lucifer in Texas
Vatican no longer even trying to hide its cuckoldry - opposes teaching of Jesus time and again
In speech to Rota, Pope Francis shows annulment conditions aren't loosening
Fatima and the Holy Trinity
Hail Mary/Gentle Woman sung by Eugene Pinto
The surprising surge of Christianity in the Middle East
I was on Mater Dei's "In Person" to talk about my work in the Pro-Life Movement today!
Should Any Catholic Praise Luther?
Assisting singles who are called to marriage is actually a practical way of addressing some of the moral issues that the Church is dealing with.
Full Video of Priest Riding the Hoverboard and Singing a Song of Blessing
The future of Catholicism: since the majority of our churchgoers are around retirement age, what will we do in 30-40 years when they're not around?
The pastor of my campus parish included this in his Christmas letter
Dogma vs Doctrina
Should I go to an unorthodox confessor?
Is it unwise to pursue a marriage with someone who is still struggling with sexual incontinence (self-stimulation)?
[Free Friday] Via Rufus Pandam , or the Red Panda Proof
[Free Friday] Did anyone else see this controversial "Doing God's Will" comic that was on the front page?
Who is worse in the eyes of the Lord?
Protestant becoming Catholic-- looking for advice on some unfamiliar practices
I hate after mass coffee..
Small miracle last night (possible sexual trigger warning?)
Not sure what I should do
How is His (previous) Holiness doing?
Why are there no movies for Catholics?
Rosary Variations
Am I in the wrong here?
Question about a statement from "True Devotion to Mary"
I'm becoming a godfather this Saturday.
/r/Catholicism Prayer Requests — Week of January 04, 2016
Should Christians Marry Right Away?
Let's play a game /r/Catholicism - lets play; help make a new Sui Juris Church!
Can a Novus Ordo (mass we see in most churches today) priest learn to perform the Traditional Latin Mass?
Evolution Directed by God? The Lactase Persistence Gene
This is NOT a Dating Site! Girls looking for a sex partners... FREE SIGN UP!
[Free Friday] Devout Catholic Becomes Atheist After Watching Movie “Heaven Is For Real”
Why do Atheists ignore this part of the holocaust about Catholics?
My Lenten Learning Project Arrived Today...
[Free Friday] Me walking out of the confessional this past week
#Fr. Mbaka# #Prophetic Message For Nigeria in 2016# Part A
Évitez les Faux Prophètes
Pope Francis, Iranian President meet in Vatican - CNN.com
These People Are Gifts
Why I'm Waiting for Marriage to Have Sex
Eucharistic Reflection - We Are All Unclean
Call for Martyrs of Kandhamal to be canonized.
Calgary bishop slams LGBTQ rules; calls Alberta NDP ‘anti-Catholic’
Pope Francis asks for prayers for interreligious dialogue
Is Pope Francis Leaving Vatican At Night To Minister To Homeless?
Dues Vult! Catholic Priest Preserving Christian Heritage in Middle East
Seeking Anonomyous Tips
Just a link that made me see the faith of my family from a new perspective.
The Third Secret of Fatima (Reconstructed)
Has Anyone Written on This Line of Thought?
Justice/Punishment/ect
Really nervous about going to church (X-posted from R/catholic)
Chaos Incomprehensible?
Overcoming Depression
Documentaries about catholicism and catholic theology?
[Free Friday] But I want more!
Confiteor, a poem
ELI5: Doctrine vs. Dogma
Brown Scapular question
Is prayer only effective if spoken out loud?
Lutheran Group Reportedly Given Holy Communion in St. Peter's Basilica
On the eve of the Roe v Wade anniversary, Rand Paul introduces the life at conception act. (PDF warning)
Letter to a Priest - Crisis Magazine
Eucharistic Reflection - Why Receive Holy Communion Frequently?
Archbishop Aquila - "My vision: Form disciples in 2016"
"Angel of Dachau", Fr. Unzeitig, declared a martyr, clearing way for beatification
POLL:What most closely reflects your political alignment? Keep it civil, folks.
Biggest Site Online! ) Find Your Love for sex! my nada
Sailors Released from Iran, Russia/US Fears, Rape of 3-yr-old Boy
It happens all the time.
It's "Worth Revisiting" - St. Agatha and I "Have A Good Thing Going"
John Henry Newman could become the patron saint of relevance
Would This Be Worth Watching?
/r/Catholicism, What are some ways to "keep Sunday holy" when we are unable to go to Mass? Do you have any go-to prayers or devotions?
#ReclaimRoe, a pro-abortion hashtag is trending on twitter..the same day as the march for life...
Let's talk salvation...
Missal with "commentary"?
My church uses drums in their masses. What do?
Anyone else on here struggle with being the "good son/daughter" (as in relation to the prodigal son?) (warning long post ahead)
Getting the most out of Lent, as a catechumen
Problems with spiritual and vocation direction.
Question about Year of Mercy indulgences
Back after 20+ years
Question on my baptism
Are sins that self-destructive worse?
Divine Command Theory in Catholicism?
Would it be possible for a Benedictine to become pope?
The Great Apostasy
WHITE MAN SAYS THAT HE IS GOD - ISUPK HEBREW ISRAELITES
Get your family ready for Mass
[Free Friday] I know they are divisive here, but I wanted to share my massive excitement!
Several March for Life buses stranded on the PA turnpike unload for Mass on the side of the road.
Lenten message from Pope Francis
How to get a seal out of your monastery[Free Friday]
What Makes the Church Grow? - Bishop Barron
Revealed: More than 200 children were abused in choir run by Pope Benedict’s brother
Random question about devotions
Chapter 3: Changing Lives with Charity
Being a WYD volunteer.
Brother deployed and has no access to Mass or Divine Liturgy. Suggestions for what to do for him?
L'Osservatore Romano Reviews?
What does the priest do if a fire breaks out/building is evacuated during Mass?
Health problem leading me to sexual sin
I tried to confess but was not absolved. (halp)
What would you say is the minimum someone needs to believe to be considered an orthodox Catholic?
Picking a candidate as a Catholic-help??
Lent during Army Basic Training
I want to come back to the Church but I don't believe in God anymore...
Read St. Thomas Aquinas’ Summa Theologica in 1 year! : matt fradd
Which type of Catholic are you?
Marco Rubio on his faith
[Free Friday][Armchair Canon Lawyer][International Version] Reading Canon law in a casa in Honduras
Treading in the Devil's Domain
Making the Garden - The Necessary Link Between God and Architecture
At least 231 children abused at Catholic boys’ choir run by Pope Benedict’s brother - From the 1970-1980
{PURITY CULTURE} More harm than good?
﻿La Parabole de la Brebis Égarée
The Catholic Gentleman
Vynil Record of *Prayer for Peace and Papal Blessing* recorded in the voice of St. Pius XII
Catholics React to "I'm a Christian But I'm Not..." by BuzzFeed
Maybe a dumb question; someone cursed an object as a joke?
Can someone help me with a question my teacher gave me?
Lonely catholicism
Chapter 3: Changing Lives with Charity
Must-own books for the Catholic library? And best encyclicals?
Lately, I've been trying to make an effort to pray the rosary at least once a day.
I've recently found out that one of my contract sites gives to planned parenthood. What do?
Gift ideas for an Evangelical protestant?
Catholic Familial History Question
Advice Regarding Friends in Homosexual Relationships?
Has Catholicism Ever Been Truly Accepted In The U.S.A.?
Bringing the mandatum to the dinner table on Holy Thursday. Does it make sense to do so?
Seeking Obedience to God
The truth shall set you free
There were only twenty Coptic martyrs first - the last converted upon seeing the deaths of those martyrs
The Benedictine Monks of St. Bernard Abbey
"Ted Cruz Doesn't Tithe: Does it Matter?"
Pope Asks Davos Elite to Remember the Poor
The Dreaded Virtue of Humility
Longenecker: "Seven Ways the Episcopalians Will React to Suspension"
Matthew 25 and John Kasich's Authentic American Conservatism
If you became pope what would your papal name be? Why?
Great quote from Cardinal Pell
Touching tribute to St. Francis of Assisi by a non Catholic
Historic Vatican accord with Palestine takes effect
It's not the March For Life, but in the middle of the country over 1,400 attend: Acies - Pro Life Rosary, St. Marys, KS
The Spirit and Our Lady [VIDEO] Free Series on the Holy Spirit
Liberal Catholicism is NOT Dying Out and May Be Experiencing a Revival -- Ross Douthat
Vatican Tour Group Catches Glimpse Of Pale, Emaciated Joseph Ratzinger Scuttling Into Dark Catacombs
What to make of the fact that Communion and Confession don't seem to make any difference on my life?
When does life start?
Can We Talk About This Incident Of Toxic Atheism?
How do i leave the Church?
97% of schools in Ireland are Catholic and are discriminating against non catholic children.
High School: Mandatory Dance Class
What do you guys, as catholics think about guns and gun rights?
The bishop called me yesterday!
Diocesan Catechetical Conferences?
Is it wrong to play video games with possibly anti-religious themes?
Hermanedad Thingy, questions.
I am lost in my faith, I can't seem to reconnect anymore.
Finding love and a partner, through the Lord.
Continuing in the faith.
Source on Thomism
LTP: Give gifts on Epiphany!
Poor Francis' interview/book
URGENT! please pray for my facebook friend!
When did we start celebrating Mass in Latin?
At the Vatican There Is a “Seismograph” That Is Setting Off Tremors
Marching for Life, Mother Teresa, and Mrs. Clinton - Crisis Magazine
For Epiphany, one of my favorite scenes in any film.
One Marriage, Two Religions: A new document on Muslim-Christian marriages has just been published by the Church in France.
The Death of Christendom
How is pre-first-communion children getting a blessing in the communion line different from the liturgical abuse of adults going up to get a blessing?
Donald Trump is a bad choice for pro-life voters. Here’s why.
That One Time Jesus Got Lost…and What It Taught Me About Parenting
http://www.churchmilitant.com/news/article/italian-bishops-and-the-gay-civil-unions-bill
So do curses exist : Yes or no?
Feeling the Effects of the Great Schism Now
Wondering if anyone can help me or can relate to this
I'm a candidate in RCIA - Will I get a patron saint? Or is that not a practice that is done with adult converts?
Help with Natural Law
Missed mass- update
Why did God give us temperaments and personality?
John 6:53 Question
In Mexico, the spirit of the 60s lives on
Our Deserted Lord
Powerful Prayer to St. Joseph to CONVERT a Soul!
[Catholicism] Not busy tonight? No cards and stuff, just sign up and sex
NYT: "Is This the Oldest Image of the Virgin Mary?"
St. Thomas Aquinas: The Angelic Doctor
Forgotten Truths To Set Faith Afire!: Do We Treasure Our Priests As We Ought?
God s love is eternal
Japanese Samurai One Step Closer to Sainthood: Ruled a Martyr
[Free Friday] The Council is begun. If you're a bishop and haven't done so yet, check in and get in on the discussion!
Catholics and Lutherans to worship together at Reformation anniversary
Eucharistic Reflection - Tenderness and Devotion
Impeachment of President Obama Talks with RNC
Steven Greydanus reviews the film 'Stations of the Cross' as "among the most insightful and devastating cross-examinations of religious fundamentalism ever seen [...] the film is not an attack on faith or religion, but rather an examination of how faith goes wrong."
Possible "Feeding of the Multitude" style miracle reported at turnpike mass.
Is there any position in a parish/diocese for a layman to help with exorcisms. Just maybe holding people down?
DOES THE NEW CATECHISM TEACH HERESY?
Summa in 365 subreddit
More holy: family life or being a hermit?
Would it be acceptable for a priest and/or deacon to wear cowboy boots during mass?
An interesting quote from Fr. Rutler that I think is worth thinking about.
Bitter during Mass?
Getting started on Liturgy of the Hours. Send halp.
Bible/Bible Box Question
A question about Lenten fasting
From a Catholic point of view, is it sacrilegious for a Protestant to pray the Rosary [on her own time]?
Queer Catholic seeks info
Happy Feast of Elizabeth Ann Seton!
Where do you get your Catholic news?
Act of Mercy: Visit the Imprisoned
Are you disgusted by the "inner circle" of laity at your parish?
A fundraiser has been started for David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, the recently indicted undercover journalists who exposed Planned Parenthood's organ trafficking practices. Please donate to and/or offer prayers for them as they prepare a legal defense.
Can a pope choose the name "Peter"?
TIL that when denouncing John Scottus Eriugena's Treatise on Predestination, the Fourth Council of Valence reached the verdict that it was "Irish porridge"
The Manifold Works of Mercy
Fr. Robert Barron on New Year's Resolutions
More Catholics Are Embracing Tradition and Resisting the Establishment Church
Marriage in and out of the church..
Septuagesima Sunay is next Sunday
Historic Family Day rally draws 2million
Is wearing vestments compulsory for altar serving?
Talking to God rather than talking on the phone.
Hoping for some advice on friendships
A question about venerating Virgin Mary's Apparitions, Immaculate Conception etc.
Metaphysically speaking are women considered invalid matter or ontologically deficient to receive holy orders, the Church not having the authority to ordain women notwithstanding?
Did you feel the Holy Spirit during your Confirmation? Bonus Grace: During First Communion?¡ Gracías!
(Free Friday) Happy new year 1602, brought to you by the the Aztec empire, the Bubonic Plague and crazy English monarchs.
Please Pray For This Man And All Who Are Enabling This.
Taming the Tongue: 10 Fatal Abuses of Speech
E. Coast Snow Storm, Gov. Liars, Russia, Islam Guardians, &amp; More
"Worth Revisiting" Wednesday - Do You Really Want To Remain Silent?
What a Pastoral Church Looks Like - Crisis Magazine
Video of March For Life 2016 - SSPX
Bishop Barron on René Girard
What is this? (Help)
Paquete de la Redención
“A Call to Battle”
Crecimiento Espiritual
A Natural Law Argument for the Pro-Life Position
Bostonians of /r/Catholicism: Juventutem Boston Votive Mass for Peace in the EF January 22
