Computer-assisted organic synthesis
With what technique do you determine whether a block copolymer has formed?
I have some gold teeth someone gave me. Question about extracting the gold
horrible measurement pun
Atoms of Gold on FeO combine Under an Electron Microscope
Quick question! Does any of these ingredients derive from sulphur?
Thermodynamics Question
Anhydrous THF with or without BHT for Grignard/Gilman Reaction?
Element reaching light speed?
Weekly Careers/Education Questions Thread
What form(s) of rust do these screws appear to be?
Hey /r/chemistry! About a week ago I shared some crystals and now I'm sharing the resulting X-ray!
Someone smart give me the answer to these please. I'm dumb as fk.
I'm trying to fill my apartment with CO2 (100%)
Recommendation on a lab notebok
Global Piperacillin Acid (CAS 61477-96-1) Industry, 2009-2019
Information regarding the chemistry of latex (gloves, condoms) and how it reacts to petroleum based products or epoxy resin?
Question about dess-martin synth
Peltier Tiles as a Renewable Energy Source
Best practices for high temperature ramp rate, maximum temperature safety limit processes?
Any Biochemists here?
Question for natural products chemists: Do anthocyanins form polymers? [x-post /r/AskScience]
Hydration of ruthenium(III) chloride
What is the pedagogical reason for memorizing reactions in organic?
I made some chemistry-themed Valentine's Day cards.
Grad School Visitation Weekend Conflict
What special design elements make laundry detergent effective in cold water?
Will Carbon, Nitrogen and Hydrogen form any dangerous byproducts under a temp of 1180 C?
Need a solution for my stuff ! Help me out Chemists
Any Assistance in the right direction would be appreciated
Larger straight chain primary amines (e.g. C16, C18) react more completely (or rapidly) with dichloromethane to form alkyl methylimines than smaller-chain primary amines (e.g. C8). Why?
Does 1,3,5-tricyclohexayne exist ?
I've heard from a few UC schools about admissions. Anyone know when the majority of schools will be informing PhD applicants?
Changing research interests for grad school
If 100% distilled water doesn't conduct electricity, does that mean non-insulated electronics can continue to function in distilled water?
Chemdoodle mobile
Has anyone used tri-tertbutylphosphine before? Without a glovebox?
Is there a tool to automatically convert IUPAC names to common substance names?
Beginner science teacher - some rather basic questions regarding chemistry.
I need to remove a broken brass screw from an aluminum block. What reasonably available chemical would dissolve brass but not aluminum? It's not a big deal if it discolors the aluminum so long as it won't dissolve it. Is there such a thing?
I'm only in my first year of chemistry study and wondering would companys at all consider a position for me?
[question] Detection of sulfate in haloalkaline solutions
(x-post) Looking for research groups or companies in the marijuana industry in legalized states
I spent my Friday going around in circles
How much does an ACS accredited degree matter?
I needed and made a super high resolution render of N-Acetylneuraminic acid, and thought i would like to share it. Or is anyone in need for a another molecule maybe?
I'm a contract work at a small pesticide company. What do I make of my boss telling me that I need to "think things through" when i'm working.
Questions for an astronaut?
separating ions of different charge densities - help
What would happen to electron orbitals if a atom/molecule was moving near lightspeed, and might this affect bonding, etc
Messed around with some 0.12M Rhodamine 6G solution, fluorescence is really pretty
Made some acetylferrocene in our organic course today!
Chemists Nudge Molecule To React Then Watch Bonds Break And Form
- 80 freezer troubles
Purdue and Lafayette Indiana.
How can i make powdered iron oxide (rust) easily?
Interesting reads in petroleum chemistry?
Why is it so hard to find ethyl lactate commercially in small amounts anymore? Anyone know where it can be obtained from?
Vials For Protein Hydrolysis
Making sense of glassware cleaning
Help with homework? Please and Thanks
Why does Kc constant change despite temperature change in my experiment?
A concern with college, chemistry.
Researchers Discover Ice-like Phonons in Liquid Water
Chobani’s New Fearmongering Ads Go After Dannon’s Artificial Sweeteners
"Chemistry teacher defies Taliban in Bacha Khan University attack"
Homework1.com provides best Chemistry Homework Help Service
Charles’ Law ( Raymond GREENLAW )
What's so special about Palladium?
What's causing this flame colour (a deep blue)
I was in a old house with lead tubing, and the owner put some sodium hydroxide (DesTop) in the sink to unclog the drain. I realized that hours later. Is it possible we've been inhaling lead?
Methane combustion to hydrogen.
Please help a help beginner with electroplating
NMR Spectrometry: How is SNR obtained?
Chemistry BS vs Chemistry with Biochem Concentration
How to determine the excitation/emission wavelength of a metal oxide nanoparticle?
Chemicals, Reagents, Solvents, Stains and Dyes Suppliers Company South Africa, Johannesburg - acechem.co.za
Needed a high res Neu-5-Ac render, so i made one. If anyone is in need for a nice render image, i might be happy to help.
I can understand why bipyridines and binaphthyl are called so. Why are HCO3- and HSO4- called bicarbonate and bisulfate respectively?
American Chemical Society AMA: I'm Marek W. Urban, professor and endowed chair of Materials Science and Engineering at Clemson University, AMA about stimuli-responsive, self-repairing polymeric materials and polymeric coatings.(Post your questions to the linked /r/science AMA)
Solutions Manual for BLB edition 10
Add DMAP to esterification between acyl chloride and alcohol?
Global L-Glutathione Reduced Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2009-2019
How would you make hydrochloric and nitric acid if you werein a ssurvival situation?
I wrote an article on tritium , opinions ?
Way to help increase solubility of water for powdered chems? (Besides warming...)
I'm a contract worker at a small pesticide company. What do I make of my boss telling me that I need to "think things through" while I work?
Why did the polar bear win the bobsleigh race?
Photochemical reactions at 360-370 nm?
Global and Chinese Peracetic Acid (CAS 79-21-0) Industry, 2015 Market Research Report
Seeking advice on introductory level Chemistry Sets
Examples of never spontaneous and always spontaneous reactions?
IDEAS FOR UNDERGRAD O-CHEM RESEARCH
Term for Ideal Fuel/Air Mixture
What are you working on? (#realtimechem)
Graduate student transferring
Where to get n-butylamine?
Synthetic Chemistry vs. Chemical Biology
Chemical Literature Day—What are you reading?
Making coffee without the black color from mailard reaction
Teaching abroad?
My O Chem professor also has a good sense of humor.
What can a BS/MS chemist say to a PhD chemist who insists adding water to acid is the right way?
Interest in Chemical Industry panel AMA?
What is an ionic bond
How do you know a compound is polar or non-polar
worried about health hazards as chemist
Chemistry behind e-cigs/vaping?
How are Acid Value and FFA% in oil equations derived?
Do you know an free online inventory with structure search?
Why is there so little chemistry content in /r/science and /r/askscience?
help with inert base forumlation
A friendly reminder to be careful when dealing with unknown or old chemicals
Making a Murderer -- Detection of EDTA in Blood.
Canadian research groups for PhD, interest in molecular self-assembly and inorganic coordination chemistry
Is there any free software or online site that will take a high res Mass spec peak and give a list of possible matches from a list of possible atoms?
National Chemistry Olympiad
question about lubricant
Life after the PhD
Postdocs in USA
Question about chemistry project
Relevant Industry Experience (Internships)?
Can I safely seal pure ethanol in an ampoule?
Global and Chinese Natural Propanol Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2010-2020
synthesized Macrocycle molecules for the complete idiot....
Weekly Careers/Education Questions Thread
Is anyone familiar with Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry?
Lye (sodium hydroxide) residue ingested
A genius high school chemistry student takes a test
Stretchable Carbon Nanotube Films Surpass Kevlar And Carbon Fiber
Can anybody work out the reaction mechanism in step b?
Global and Chinese Nitrogen Expander Industry, 2010-2020
Get a Ph.D. or go to work?
Wanting to use my degree in Chemistry to work in film or tv.
Do you know about Chemical Philosophy?
Good Schools in the US?
Potassium ions with Cyclosiloxanes
Nature's Eye: GALLIUM
Material and Energy Balances Lecture Notes METU ( Filiz ALSHANABLEH )
What are some accessible methods of determining pH?
Completely stumped, question about freezing liquids...
Science Fair Idea
Taking a summer quarter off - grad school
Chemists use biocompatible method to synthesize titania
What is the precipitate forms on the porcelain when you don't flush urine from a toilet-it's chemical make up.
My pussy! for chemistry
Global Bag-in-Box Market 2015: Industry Analysis,Trends,Share,Growth &amp; Forecast to 2020
Has anyone bought one of these? what kind of substance does usually prevent oxidation of the ferro fluid?
I want to use realistic chemical interactions in a resource management game. Where can I find a database of elements, isotopes, compounds and their properties, and of interactions between them?
Why is it not advisable to use strong acids in synthesizing Cyclohexanol to cyclohexanone?
Chemist vs Chemical Engineer
Grade 10 Project on making a brochore about chemical reactions in everyday products.
Grad school visitation weekends - What to wear?
Periodic table with phase diagrams?
Should I be worried about wearing my Apple Watch in lab?
Interesting Reactants for Overhead Projection Light Show
Chemistry papers worth reading
Chlorine (Bleach) + Urine help
Attempt at chemistry video
"Elemental Doubling Cube" (a Backgammon Doubling Cube with corresponding elemental symbols in place of the usual numbers)
Types of USP Water | Water Engineer
Hayman Limited is looking for a Technical Manager in Witham, UK!
Raiding labware dumpster of school that shut down.
Could somebody help explain part of this H-NMR for me please?
How to cancel an ACS membership?
mg and mL scale in reactions
In Big Bang Theory Lenard had some sulfur hexafluoride gas saying he used it for his lasers, is that aa actual use for it?
Any suggestions for salt alternatives to melt snow on concrete?
Can you find a chemical via its NFPA 704 (For safety)?
Is it possible to definitively state something is on fire, based on images alone?
Guessing the names of elements 113, 115, 117 &amp; 118
Муравьиная кислота | Компания ОптХим
What do we call the four new elements?
Seventh Line of Periodic Table has been completed
what compound is this?
Today's theme is chemical compounds! (x-post from /r/PictureGame)
Methanol + Sulphuric acid - why is it exothermic?
Element 117 - Spartanium
Chemical Engineering vs. Organic Chemistry
Conversion question.
Dating Service Online! Find Your Love for sex! my aos
Classification &amp; Definition of Textile Fibers
$20k award: Dredging and Transporting Soft Soil/Mud Without Adding Process Water Challenge
Drying under high vacuum
*Need chemistry help* Is there a material or chemical that can be put or sprayed onto something to dry it fast?
Organic molecule model set
Job hunt - what should I expect?
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..sidt
Is it possible to convert distilled water in normal water ?
Almost indole-3-acetic acid....
'Bone Foam' Could Help Treat Osteoporosis
Graduate school after the military?
How can I sort these metals from greatest reactivity to least
Should I start with the "Online Chemistry Lectures: General Chemistry" courses, or are there more prerequisites an absolute beginner should take?
Questions about EDTA and "Making of a Murderer"
How do you prepare your dilutions?
Anyone want to take a guess at what elements 113, 115, 117 and 118 will be called?
Chemistry software for reactions
How often do you screw up in the lab?
I am searching a particular type of gel/resin
Is it worth trying to get into undergraduate research with a bad first semester GPA?
An Infographic on Applications of Industrial Gases
[chemistry] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Why can't you have single-direction facilitated diffusion, that would, without an input of energy, create a concentration gradient (that holds energy).
question about hydrogen gas forming in a reaction between Sodium and water
Meeting with a PI tomorrow for a possible research position. Help!
Looking to isolate Phosphocreatine from a supplement for a quantitative analysis but I'm clueless as where to start?
Detection of Metals in Suspected Contaminated Chinese Herbs
Quantum Chemistry Program Exchange
Research S.O.S.—Ask your research and technical questions
[Help] Handling safely vapors of heated sulfuric acid
What can magnesium chloride be turned into?
Environmental Regulations are Helpful for Biobased Biodegradable Plastics Market
Question about shielding effect
Suggestions finding a chemistry job with 3 years experience
One in coma after clinical trial in France
Chemical Literature Day—What are you reading?
Why am I getting low yield for my Suzuki coupling reaction?
Amide Hydrolysis, without acid
Questions from an undergrad who recently switched majors to chemistry.
Are there any problems with substituting regular dish soap for the traditional glassware cleaner?
Untold Stories of Science - blog about women in science. Today's post: why do we need to tell these stories? Can't young women look up to famous male scientists?
Chemical Party - Funny video explaining elements
Global and Chinese Lycopene(CAS 502-65-8) Industry, 2009-2019
Anyone know where I can download "Chemistry for Changing Times, 14th ed., Hill and McCreary" for free?
Weekly Careers/Education Questions Thread
Why Peeing in your socks could save your life...
Question about drastically changing focus of research from MSc to Phd
Question about Bacteriostatic.
Mechanism Sunday: formation of thiirane from ethylene sulfide and KSCN
[Question] Electrolysis power source?
Молочная кислота - Компания ОптХим
Glass Lined PCR plates?
HPLC Question: Decreasing column diameter is not increasing signal
Pondering the second law of Thermodynamics.
How would one separate liquor into components?
Chem 121 help...
synthesis of topamax (or any sulfamic ester)
Bleach and Metal?
[Question] Electrolysis power source?
Deschem Science Supply - dependable glassware?
Chemists who hire, post tips you have for graduating chemistry majors!
To those like me who are reckless with Chemicals: Look what a mist (literally) of 50% H2O2 did to me
Chemical reaction flipped back and forth under atomic force microscope
nitrato de sodio chileno
Need some organic Chem help
Switching to chemistry after materials science undergrad
Interesting historical Chemistry notebooks
I need an advice for my Master!
SEM microscope services
[chemistry] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Four new elements, as predicted
Need help with reaction
Any people here that have worked or know stuff on the chemistry of functional materials or medicinal polymers ?
Extraction from a freeze-dried supernatant: ethyl acetate, methanol or another solvent?
Lewis dot structure and hybrid question.
Green copper solution
Sorry if this is way off.
Research S.O.S.—Ask your research and technical questions
TMP Chem is back with new videos. Computational Chemistry in progress. Coming soon: MM, MD, HF, DFT, ...
Chopstick Fumes
Vacuum Desiccator as a Simple, Robust, and Inexpensive NMR Tube Cleaner (paywall)
Global and Chinese Chlorpyrifos Industry, 2010-2020
Global and Chinese n-Nonanol Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2010-2020
Pyrolysis question
im desperate please help
Balancing equations for dummies??? I need guides or video tutorials
Help me figure out these drug test results!
Graham's Law - or gas transfer through an egg demonstration
Professor backs campaign to name new heavy metal element after Motorhead's Lemmy.
Second thoughts about choosing to do chemistry at university.
Acquiring List 1 chemical for legitimate business use?
MarvinSketch question
For those who went to or are in grad school, did your school give Placement Exams, Cumes, or both?
Does one letter make a difference?
Any electrochemistry and corrosion books suggestion ?
Making calcium acetate
Global and Chinese Bale Spear Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2015
I mixed Magnesium Bicarbonate with Lemon Juice. It fizzed a lot. What did it make and will it kill me to drink it?
Global and Chinese Butyl butyryl lactate Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2010-2020
Python meets Chemistry? How does a computer-savvy chemistry major start programming interesting things?
ubiquity of B3LYP/6-31G
How do you present the coupling constants of multiplets ?
Column Chromatography: Amides
Emailing professors about their research
Properties of Hydrogen peroxide
I'm just a hobbyist what do you guys think of this microscope?
Global Rare Earth Metals Market - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Trends, Segment and Forecast 2014
Homework1.com provides best Chemistry Homework Help?
Does anyone else sometimes overlook the simple or obvious?
Green chemistry?
Lectures on entropy?
Advice for OChem
Got my needle valve o-rings turned to grease by 2-methyl-2-oxazoline monomer during polymerization
What results are PIs looking for first year grad students in synthetic chemistry?
Can I do a dry dilution?
Some resources I found that could be useful for writing Chemistry in word processors
ACS journal, Langmuir, got a face lift. (No more ~Comic Sans title font.)
How to write out equation for/scientifically explain the repelling action that happens with milk, dish soap, and food coloring?
Mechanism Monday: Undergraduate Challenge
Help! I am the only Chemistry major (or science major) in my family. I want to be able to tell talk with them about chemistry, but they tell me they don't understand. Any suggestions on videos that may help them understand easily?
New animation-based General Chemistry tutorial series teaches a year of chemistry in as clear and concise a manner as possible.
Old synthesis tale?
Reliable way to test for EDTA concentration in blood samples?
Salt seems to be eating through glass (and doing other weird stuff)
I can't wait to find out the names of the (kinda) new elements! I gotta memorize them.
My professor was ranting about a student drawing this on an exam and then arguing for partial credit
He made me laugh again
One Dead And Five Hospitalized From Early-Stage Clinical Trial
[chemistry] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:gnsaasadsd
Finally got my Christmas gifts set up. Thought you guys might like it.
Ideas for research with Cisplatin and/or Transplatin?
Career options for a Masters in Chemistry.
Quick question about thiol oxidation
How is entropy related to equilibrium constants (Kc)?
BS in Chemistry and BS in Psychology... Career options that utilize both??
How to find a new chem job?
Using Non-Newtonain Fluids To Enhance Properties Of Kevlar
Help me communicate with an old UV/VIS!
Masters or PhD?
Cure for Hair Loss - Where to Even Start?
Based chemist decides research is too easy, publishes paper in iambic pentameter.
A degree (BS, MS, or PhD) is not enough, your grades will follow you!
What organic reaction mechanisms do you find most interesting/cool/beautiful?
Greasing pipe connections with NaOH present.
Bioplastics as a practical and renewable replacement for petroleum-based plastics.
Questions about Graduate School Visitation Weekends?
Center for Selective C-H Fictionalization Virtual Symposium - Today 4pm EST
Question about mg/L &amp; ppm conversion
Undergraduate Research
4 Factors That May Decide the Chemistry Homework Help Service Charge
Dissolving Palmitic Acid
Gaussian Error termination for jobs with sulfur. Help appreciated.
Well, they're certainly not wrong...
Do you have a preferred book on how to identify GC-MS mass spectra of biomarkers (or a method guide on how to determine compound from spectra)?
Which liquid has the highest ability to dissolve a solid?
Chemistry as a helpful hobby
Is it safe to drink the tap water in my area?
Question about accepted abstract
Acetone in a bucket in my driveway, help.
Is it still safe to wear my shoes if I walked around 2ft from a thermometer mercury spill in them?
HF quenching procedure?
American Chemical Society AMA: We are Darla Henderson and Kevin Davies, we manage open access programs for the American Chemical Society. Ask Us Anything! • /r/science
Can you change 3-Fluorophenmetrazine into Phenmetrazine
Is my chromatography analysis sound? HPLC and area under the graph
Chemical Literature Day—What are you reading?
Question from someone who knows zip about what I'm asking about
Reduction of a hydroxamic acid to an amide (while leaving a sulfoxide intact)
Noob question about isomers.
particles in my Copper(II)Acetate solution
[X-post from AskScienceDiscussion] What is the future of American pharma, R&amp;D, and research?
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my dnn
Hey boys I'm Anny and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
aalitao This is noting a date site. Her writes first!
[chemistry] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Glass substrate adhesion promoter to discuss
Vacuum pump question. Want to do some experiments at home.
Synthesis help?
Water Testing - Total P+N Persulphate Digestion Prob
What are you working on? (#realtimechem)
My lecturer keeps mentioning "lead" or "major" symmetry elements when it comes to crystals, what are they?
High School Chemistry question
What am I getting myself into?
Chemists of Midland, MI: what's it like to live there?
Why can't Allyl ligands bond n2?
What should i do?
Kind of chemistry related
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:daaaglddttiaiod
Voted Most Likely To Take Over The World…” Pinky &amp; The Brain Surveys
Just in case you have not come across it yet - a phenomenal resource for chemistry teachers from the RSC
Chemists Merge Two Fundamental Reactions To Achieve A New Cross-Coupling Scheme
I tried electrolysis in my dorm room. Can someone tell me what went wrong?
My Chemistry YouTube Channel
Question about silica synthesis ressources
[question] what is happening to 3D printed ABS plastic in an acetone vapor that causes it to smooth but not dissolve?
About that giveaway that Springer did earlier this year...
Cooking ingredients for tattoo design?
How to measure degradation of Povidone-iodine (Betadine)?
Similar acids to Sulfamic Acid?
Eksplosiv trappevask -- Explosive Chemicals
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my oto
First materials to be woven at the atomic and molecular levels created at Berkeley
For when you really need to clean the hell out of your glassware...
Does anyone the the order of reaction for Hydrogen peroxide and potassium iodide?
Homework1.com provides best Chemistry Homework Help Service
[chemistry] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
To better understand the self-assembly process, researchers at the Technical University of Munich have characterized the contributions of all interaction components, such as covalent bonding and van der Waals interactions between molecules and between molecules and a surface.
Scary Stories To Tell In Th Lab
How does Amalgams work molecularly?
Do you ever grow tired of chemistry as a profession?
Academic incest
Radioactive decay in molecules
Chemistry Education (or lack thereof) and where to begin?
What's the best book/resource on extraction techniques like Solid Phase Extraction and Thin Layer Chromatography? In addition, are there any Cannabis specific chemistry books on these topics?
OK to contact graduate students in prospective lab?
How should I go about landing my first job after getting a PhD? After 73 applications without any luck, I'm getting a bit concerned.
Best, free plagiarism checker?
AQA A2 chemistry exam pack resource (courtesy of my awesome teacher)
Four new elements added to the periodic table. Seventh period now full.
What would be the practical differences between using L-cysteine hydrochloride and N-acetyl-L-cysteine as stabilizing agents for CdTe quantum dots?
Making a smoke bomb
What is your favorite inorganic syntheses?
color measurement using spectrometer
Would it be possible to concentrate a dilute solution of HCl with an ionic drying agent?
Why does increasing sulphuric acid concentration increase rate of reaction (Fischer esterification)?
Can anyone help me identify this thing?
Has anyone had any experience using Solid-G?
Making Sulfuric Acid via Electrolysis at home
My Organic professor makes me laugh out loud sometimes
Awesome Chemical Reactions
Question on extracting from aqueous phase containing detergent
I want to learn Chemistry
NonNewtonain Fluid Body Armor??
Weekly Careers/Education Questions Thread
What percentage of chemists nowadays get cancer due to their work ? How much safer is the work of a chemist today ?
Potential chemistry student, concerned about the math requirements.
College student needs some help.
Favorite Oakwood Magnet? Here's mine, so far, based on the ones I've seen.
Element 113 discovered at RIKEN
A spreadsheet for preparing for a RXN (saves me some time, thought you guys might like it) (X-post r/OrganicChemistry)
Chemical Equilibrium
Four elements have just earned a permanent spot in the periodic table
In need of a durable silicone-like subtance
Hydrogen Bonding
Question about epoxy glues.
Who are some of the most famous/impactful computation or theoretical chemists?
acetone and polystyrene
After you get your PhD, does your Bachelor's degree matter?
Does this method of extraction work, or it's completely dumb?
Caution! this is the first website whеre аdult wоman sеarch for fаmiliarity thеy pick-up yоu first NО CАRDS &amp; anоther TRASH!!! Free test only until January 11
In honour to Terry Pratchett, sign the petition for naming the 117th element Octarine
noob question about chemistry
Organic compound solubility database?
Please explain p450 genetic variants and their effects on the drug morphine.
Chemicals, Reagents, Solvents, Stains and Dyes Suppliers South Africa, Johannesburg - acechem.co.za
Friend poured lead(II)nitrate down the sink, could someone tell me if its a problem or not?
Raiding labware dumpster of a shut down school.
[chemistry] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:nidtna
Using Non Newtonian Fluids To Enhance the Properties of Kevlar
My new book is now available. Counting Moles provides a clear and confident presentation of the essentials of the mole concept needed by those starting chemistry courses. Over 200 fully worked examples are given along with several hundred questions.
Chemistry, ChemE and career paths
Dry Ice for a Camping Trip - How do I prevent an explosion?!
Can anyone help me out with my organic assignment?
What is the physical explanation for antiaromaticity?
What does DEET decompose into?
call for paper
PhysProp Database
Science AMA Series: I'm Will Dichtel, an organic chemist at Cornell University working to find new practical uses for nanostructured materials. I was also named a MacArthur Fellow in 2015. AMA! (Post your questions to the linked /r/science AMA.)
[SURVEY] Grade 12 Chemistry project on the eating habits of people and how very acidic diets can lead to things like Acid Reflux and Cancer. Quick Survey to try and find the most common foods people eat so I can test the pH's of these foods and research to create a balanced diet!
Thermo Fisher Agrees to Acquire Affymetrix for $1.3 Billion
why is benzene called phenyl in a branch?
Stern-Gerlach Experiment Magnetic Torque
Global Deodorant and Antiperspirant Ingredients Market Poised to Hit US$ 2,390 Mn by 2021
Why is the specific heat of water not linear?
Need help with GCMS of inositol.
Piranha solution and hydrocarbons
How do fish desalinate?
What is the chemical difference between AA and 9V batteries?
Need help neutralizing a metal allergy
What is this called?
Acids Bases and Salts
Can air be too cold to start fire?
Looking for some help with electroplating
Chemical Literature Day—What are you reading?
Research S.O.S.—Ask your research and technical questions
Any theoretical polymer folks here? Help me get started!
Does VM&amp;P Naphtha completely evaporate?
making imines from primary amines (with an aryl ether on the other end) -- uncatalyzed dichloromethane unreactive
Chemistry in the DC Universe
So i am in Colombia and was looking for isopropyl alcohol. The person and the store gave my girl friend something called "Sucrosol" any idea what this is?
Need Help With This Problem
mCPBA oxidation of sulfide to sulfoxide
Global and Chinese Alaninol Industry Trends, Share, Analysis, Growth 2009-2019
My phone charger did something weird to my glass of water
Solubility of Au in HF
A level chemistry student
Any solvent that can dissolve LDPE?
Something Smells like Spearmint: A High-School Mythbusting Story
Planning to major in chemical engineering and I have a couple of questions.
Just some guy pouring some hydrochloric acid and ammonia on the ground next to his bare feet
Global Ceiling Tiles Market- Industry Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends, Segment and Forecast 2014-2020
What liquid is able to dessolve the most solid?
I am defending my dissertation in chemistry in March and graduating in May. Should I be looking for jobs now?
got Ag(NO3) on my hands today
Help with HPLC/DAD
Dust explosions - please help me set the record straight.
Official Methods of Analysis help - Tannins
Global Inositol Industry
The Hottest Weight Loss Solution! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion!
Frее wеbcаm shоw fоr уоu! Just rеgistrеd аnd
Raiding the labware dumpster of school that shut down.
Chemistey Classes at Community College
Most fundamental, traditional, and entertaining experiment in Chemistry for you?
Somnolence from Turkey Soup - what's happening chemically?
so you take two elements
How The World's First Lithium Ion Microscope Works
A friendly reminder to always remove your flask before cooling!
Science AMA Series: I'm Dawn Shaughnessy, from the Heavy Element Group at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; I synthesize superheavy elements, and I helped put 6 elements on the periodic table so far. AMA! (Post your questions to the linked /r/science AMA)
Made a video explaining explaining bioplastic for my Gr 12 Research Project!
New blog post on "Untold Stories of Science": how elements get named and the two elements named after famous female scientists.
What is this glassware found in a soil chemistry lab?
What is the green/white salt that builds up on battery terminals?
Which (super)acids can protonate methane and ethane?
3CO2(g)+2N2(g)---&gt; C3N4(s)+O2(g)
Hi r/chemistry, AP Chem HS student here, and I have to ask you a favor...
Simple question: why are gold nanoparticles smaller?
A Question for Reddit's Chemists...
Is there an easy way to differentiate between nylon 6,10 and nylon 6,12?
Alcohol to vinegar?
I'm trying to reverse engineer a phase change material for a cooling vest, anyone willing to lend a hand?
Untold Stories of Science: Blog about women in science. Latest post about Mary Somerville - the woman behind the "Mechanism of the Heavens".
Science AMA Series: We are Chemistry World, a news magazine published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. We report on the latest science news and research from around the world. AMA.(Post your questions to the linked /r/science AMA)
