About The Queen's Gambit.
Electronic annotating board?
Manuals &amp; Instructions
H-file issues(First Annotated Game)
[X-Post /r/math] Analysis of the best strategies for winning Chess and 13 other games that don't matter
help identifying my old chess set (details in comment)
Set identification. Help me find the dark pieces from my childhood
Two examples of beginners' endgames. Any tips?
I just went from from 900 to 1100 on chess.com from just realizing one thing
Lichess correspondence tournaments? Not an option for a reason?
What was the score of the Nakamura-Houdini handicap match?
Three checks chess vid: Blitz quest for 2100#1. Humiliation or glory? :p
Don't want to shake opponents hand.
Why is chess so full of poor sports?
The Cultural History of Chess
Chessboarded Marty X: A cleaving marriage in need of reformation, one fistful of grey velvet proclamation, and a repatriation of all suns of patriots
Checkmates of the day 44
[chess] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
The strongest reply to d4
Chess: Mikhail Tal (The Wizard of Riga) vs Vasily Smyslov
Should I give up on Alekhine's/King's Indian Defense as a beginner (1150)?
Chess Analysis (within app)
New YouTube Channel - Road to 2000 Bullet
At what rating should you start considering playing tournaments on lichess?
CHESSBRAH Aman vs GingerGM hypetrain! [Match starts Thursday 15:00 ET]
Trying to teach my girlfriend how to play chess, any advice?
Online chess site/app for beginners?
Guess the Top 5 at the end of Tata Steel 2016!
Looking for chess program and database advise!
La partie de l'Opéra de Paul Morphy
Nice tactic from chesstempo
Limited Edition 1950 Dubrovnik Bobby Fischer Reproduced Chess Set in Stained Crimson / Box Wood - 3.6" King
The King is in check. What should White do? - The devil is in the details!
Karpov is human (Christiansen vs Karpov)
LED-assist electronic chess board
How about r/chess plays lichess?
White to move, Checkmate in 4
what is preventing Nakamura from being on the level of Magnus
Any know the name of this mate? Isn't it beautiful?
hypothetical question..lets say your playing carlsen
Improving eyesight improved my rating
Need help understanding 9... Bg2 in this position for white.
What is the most beautiful chess combination ever played?
Looking for a game with Arabic Checkmate
The chess lifestyle in prison [DISCUSSION]
Crazyhouse, an overview: strategic concepts, tactical patterns, openings, and other resources.
Chess-related New Year's Resolutions?
Biggest WebSite Online! ) Find Your Love to night! my ngas
Decor Inspiration! Let the heart of your home outshine with the exquisiteness of wooden chess sets. Shop now with flat 25% off at chessbazaar
Black to move. Is there a forced mate?
White to play. Mate in 6.
Good problem for practicing calculation
Play Online @Chess.com
White to move. How to proceed?
A simple mate for White
Chess Rating- Ended the year pretty much where I started, had my ups and downs though!
Amazing Blitz Chess : Hikaru Nakamura : How Nakamura won ICC Open 2011 (CapilanoBridge Smallville) - kingscrusher presenting
Chessboard: history &amp; suggestions?
/r/chess seems to prefer Chesstempo for chess puzzle, why ?
Surprising consequence to an overloaded pin
What's your favorite way to start teaching a newbie chess?
Teaching chess to naughty playful kids
Used to play in tournaments in elementary and middle school, looking to get back into chess
Prizes for an elementary school chess tournament?
What's the easiest way to annotate my lichess games?
I was a pawn up against a strong player!
Letter from Saudi Chess Association to FIDE, regarding the recent fatwa against chess in Saudi
[Analyze] I'm a natural choker, me vs black
How good should you be before competing?
Which book that has collections of games are you favorite?
Competition time!
How good were you guys when you started getting serious about chess?
What are some strategies you use aside from the actual game?
Working on my midgame (and my German) with this book ...
The most difficult puzzle I've encountered yet.
I joined the USCF and went to my first tournament 1520P14 rating in blitz. Asked for a book for Christmas. I am in over my head.
Anyone heard of quantum chess?
[chess] Christaleen Miller - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Create a remarkable setup with elegant Blackburne chess pieces and stunning black anigre maple chess board. Shop now with flat 25% off at chessbazaar
An extract from a chess book I've just started reading
Since interest was shown on this sub for videos of slightly lower rated players commentating their games live, I thought I would share this channel. He posts everyday and has really instructive games and post-mortems!
Having issues with the Mate in 1 excercise in LucasChess; is not Q from e2 to e4 a mate?
Man completes China ice bath chess challenge
What would be the implications of chess being solved?
Should black trade his queen for the two rooks?
What is the best way I can simulate playing an OTB game on my own in my room?
Question about finding local tournaments/ ways to play
Using AI to beat a friend
Is there a way to practice tactics without using the internet or a computer.
First Chess Tournament
What are some of the most embarrassing grand master losses in chess history?
Why chess upsets religious fundamentalists
Learning a chess opening with Chessable feat. John Bartholomew
Estonian chess legend Paul Keres honoured with tribute by Garry Kasparov
Not that kind of hardcore
Am I have a wrong approach to opening?
Wanted to share my game from tonight and ask for criticism - 1769 (me) vs an 1800 playing the French.
Looking for an online chess partner
Games where white took advantage of center control?
the strengths and weaknesses of Kasparov and Magnus
My blitz game is about 400 points lower than my classical game. Is that normal, or am I just REALLY bad at Blitz?
Norway Chess 2016 participants announced... 6/10. MOST IMPORTANT KRAMNIK VS TOPALOV WILL HAPPEN
Wooden Wonder! Spruce up your chess collection - wooden chess sets @ upto 55% off! | Visit:chessbazaar
Who is your favourite chess player (Living or dead)? Why? And what elements of their game do you try to incorporate into your game?
Dear lichess, please switch to HTML5 twitch embeds, it's as simple as adding /hls to the url.
Happy new year everyone ! It's been a good chess year for me, in part thanks to this sub.Share Your progress here !
Wijk aan Zee/Tata Steel Chess Masters 2016 Round 1 Caruana vs Eljanov
Mate in 15 moves. White to move.
Chess Arcade Game
Nakamura is a patzer at 960!
Crafty Wood! Let these chess sets add panache and elegance to your living spaces.
White to move, mate in 7.
In what order should I read Silman's books?
PSA for those living on the east coast of the US
What do you think of the book "Chess exam and training guide" by Igor Khmelnitsky and was your estamated rating accurate to your rating?
2016 predictions
Don't take Pinned Pieces!
What's the best opponent you've ever beaten (rating above you)? Do you have any underdog stories you wish to share?
Do chess.com and lichess.org use the same rating system?
A Chess Firewall at Zero? | Gödel's Lost Letter and P=NP
Can we get GM Ben Finegold to do an AMA?
A beautiful mate I missed in my game
Martin Shkreli streaming some chess
Pocket chess as seen in Pawn Sacrifice
What is a good opening strategy to combat the typical "stock" opening?
God plays bullet
Logical Thinking: The problem all chess players face
Looking for the king walk puzzle that takes something like 70 moves to complete
Chess Streamers to follow on Youtube?
Large Rating / Ability Discrepancy
Endgame vs. Knight: help me!
Is 1...e6 sound against all possible openings?
SnatchPato caught the game that Eric Hansen won to get a 3000 bullet rating on his stream
An interesting trap that my opponent fell for
Book on opposition drawing on a lost position and K+pvsK 2B+kvsK N+B+kvsK
A nice mate in 8 I was able to play in an OTB game today
Wijk aan Zee/Tata Steel Chess Masters 2016 Round 2 Carlsen vs Caruana
Knight Fork Heaven-Spot the Tactic(s)
Fins hunting down chess network on a bullet tournament
Chess lessons: Theme Double attack
Keres Memorial (rapid Swiss open) takes place in Tallin in few days.
I beat my teacher today.
[NSFW] A hobo hunting Naka points. Chessbrah hype!
The Aronian 'Immortal' game!
Kasparov's Immortal: Greatest Chess Game Ever?
Some brilliant performances by ladies up to Round-3 in Gibraltar masters
Can anybody tell me what I did wrong here? (Analysis of 900 vs 800 game)
Recommended reading to break the glass ceiling?
A solution to the complaint about puzzles in X moves
Looking for some Book recommendations
Is it wrong to flag in 0+1 time control, a philosophical inquiry...
Alexander Grischuk
Navara - Giri analysis by GM Gustafsson
Chess banned in Saudi as 'the work of Satan'
Interesting tactical sequence in this game
Markus Persson (Notch, of Minecraft fame) gives ChessNetwork a shoutout on Twitter today; calls Jerry "the Bob Ross of chess"
Chaturanga - Indian Chess Engine
Magnus Carlsen Recaps 2015
Ivanchuk Lecture
Missed the beautiful ‪Chess‬ combination from Krupenski - Gelfand , Keres Memorial? Here it is!
Female vs Male chess!!!
Chess etiquette
Lichess4545 Team League - Season Two
I was watching Tatev Abrahamyan's lecture on YT and this is situation she played
How fast do top players calculate?
I just can't focus.
GM Yasser Seirawan, the coziest grandmaster!
One year of progress.
does anybody know if you get a faster connection on an ethernet cable rather than wifi while playing chess online?
A cool mate I got in a recent blitz game
Chess Has Just Been Banned in Saudi Arabia
How to Reassess Your Chess - a review
Chessable: new site coming cofounded by IM Bartholomew
Joining an online chess teams/leagues
Chess tempo app for iOS?
Looking for a decent chess clock app!
How to open as black and generally play better as black?
What is a chess website a can play with my friends but don't need to sign up?
Tactics book organized by theme.
Any tips for improving at bullet chess?
[Chessexplained] Reddit Opening of the Week: Bird Opening
xkcd on Magnus Carlsen
Etude de finale issue d'un live!
Openings - Chaturanga
Chess Rules for Beginners
Lichess app bug? Opponent ran out of time, game adjucated a draw
Find the mate for white. (This is my own puzzle design, so please be nice!)
One of the more well known 2600 players broke through the 2700 barrier for his first time; Hammer
Best place to find instructive annotated games?
That time Maxim Dlugy and Hikaru Nakamura played OTB Bullet
What does the dark hair cross means in the Tata Steel Chess score?
A-Glo playing cards that have Court Cards inspired by Chess Unicode Icons are making some waves on Kickstarter!
Received this as a gift. Is it a chess variant board or just ornate?
Stopping pawn blitzes after castling
Question on Atomic rules - specifically checks.
Anyone have the rating distribution for the entire population at Chess.com?
If I'm rated 1600 on lichess, can i consider myself 1600 on chess.com? Also, how best to go from 1600 to 1800?
Reddit Opening of the Week - Week 2 (Jan 10-16) - by CM Tryfon Gavriel aka Kingscrusher
Does anyone know of any good drinking games for chess?
How to stop playing inconsistently
Botvinnik's notes on Bronstein - brutal and frank!
Premature resignation in Chess
Chess.com has updated their look
Interesting Game I Played
This game has my favourite move ever made. Tal v Miller 1988 (taken from a simul)
White mates in 2!
IM Bartholomew to play for first GM Norm starting tomorrow
I'm stumped for a good move. What would you do in this situation?
Chess forbidden in Islam, rules Saudi mufti, but issue not black and white
It's crazy how romanticized the first game of the 1972 championship is
A silly question
I've been studying the game for about a month, and have just hit 1500 rating!
Crazyhouse strategy?
Any "memory enthusiasts" in here? Any of you guys used things like Memory of Loci, etc to remember openings, ideas, etc?
How to stop playing inconsistently
How do you pronounce Caro-Kann?
Analysis of a 1200 vs 1400 game
Reassessing My Chess. I require a small Chess board so I can easily set up the boards. Suggestions?
Blew a draw with a Candidate Master
Chess.com user here, give me your best Fried Liver Attack.
Hey! This was my grandfather's chess set, can you help me to identify it? :)
Chess Thought Process Checklist Infographic
I did this puzzle with Qe4x but the app says I'm wrong. I believe it's mate in four with my move. Am I wrong?
Tactics: White to move and win substantial material. Warning: Long line. 2000+ level.
Could you explain me this chess puzzle ? I don't see any material advantages...
The Review of Chess Events for 2015 (World Chess Cup, Women's WCC)
White to play and mate in 3 [Judit Polgar vs Pavlina Chilingirova, 1988]
What's the best move I can do?
Is Lichess down?
After 9 consecutive losses I finally won my first OTB match.
Beginner here; this is probably an insanely stupid oversight on my part, but was watching a video on the Latvian Gambit and curious as to how this isn't mate (details and link to video inside)
An introduction to Crazyhouse from one of lichess's top crazyhouse players
GingerGM vs Aman Hambleton (ChessBrah): A battle of 11 games in the French Defence
How to proceed from here and make a pawn break.
Lend a phenomenal and rejuvenating aura to your living space with these delighting wooden chess sets. Up to 55% off | Shop now at chessbazaar‬
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave vs Danny Rensch in Bullet
A good friend tells you when there's a good deal going on. Today, we're that good friend. For a limited time take up to 55% off on wooden chess sets at chessbazaar
White to move and win!
Little tactic spotted in the ICC 25 10 pool: Black to play and win
What is the best tool online for studying openings comprehensively?
Magnus Carlsen calling GM Simon Williams
Am I missing something?
statistically who has had the best year out of these 3
Lichess Correspondence
Looking to improve
Is there a way to import my game to check skill level?
Stockfish 7 is out!! (+60 elo stronger than Stockfish 6!)
1.e4 players: What is the defense you most hate to go up against?
Defensive tactics trainer
Wei Yi - David Navara (Tata Steel 2016)
Sam Loyd Puzzles are Infuriatingly Fantastic!
Is this graph by Chess-db "realistic"? (relation between ELO ratings and Average Centipawn Loss)
Norway Chess leaves Grand Chess Tour
Can anybody identify/give background on this same chessboard I have?
Running a tournament for small new chess club, wide variety of players and limited supplies. Help/advice would be appreciated.
Pareto Principle Applied to Chess
How many of you keep all of your interfaces uniform?
i think a prime kasparov would be able to compete with today's grandmasters
So many jerks online?
Does anyone know who this chess artist is?
Where can I find pre-made opening repertoires for learning?
On lichess, why people doesn't seem to be interested by correspondance game ?
Do you instantly get a USCF ID as a first time member?
Dennis Monokroussos' blog showed up in the quantum chess video but no on ever asked him about it. If you don't know about his blog, you really should start checking it out.
Wijk aan Zee/Tata Steel Chess Masters 2016 Round 10 Fabiano Caruana vs Wei Yi
Vintage Attraction! Up the contemporary charm of your living room with these glamorous vintage wooden chess sets. Shop now with up to 55% off
Early tactic from a real game. White to move.
Saudi Arabia’s grand mufti has ruled that chess is forbidden in Islam, saying it encourages gambling and is a waste of time.
Mate in 3, white to move
Cute crazyhouse tactic. Black to move.
Black to move and equalize
What's the best first endgame book?
Reddit Opening of the Week - Week 3 (Jan 18-24) - by IM Christof Sielecki (Chessexplained) - Battle rare first moves by White
Positions misevaluated by modern engines
When Eric sacs a queens but Naka doesn't notice
Lichess surprise revealed tomorrow! Any guesses?
White to move - an interesting tactic (?) I found
Should black play Bb7 or Be6?
life, chess and tetris
Can someone explain to me why my chess rating goes up during a stalemate? I don't understand why one would lose points and one would gain them.
Trevor Noah reports on the U.S.'s attempt to buy mercenary chess players in order to win a global chess tournament. [03/19/2015]
A hobo hunting Naka points
Just got accused of cheating on chess.com.... does this happen to anyone else?
Seeing chess pieces when you close your eyes.
It's black to move. Is this position defensible for black?
Link to the new chess.com gone?
Advice for first tournament. How many days should I play?
Bit of advice needed on openings
I've bought Edward Laskers Chess Strategy but am struggling with the older notation. Any suggestions?
How exactly am I supposed to analyze my own games?
Memchess question. Unable to locate 1. b3 in the opening list. Is it hiding somewhere?
Is anyone interested in a low-level live streaming?
Lichess tournaments
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my gno
In the evenings quite boring, often looking for a partner have fun when ready - registers [chess]
Saudi Grand Mufti Issues Fatwa Declaring Chess Is Forbidden In Islam…
Trying to Draw a Higher-Rated Opponent - GM Ben Finegold
Tata Steel Chess - Round 2 [5:25:01]
Baltimore Raven John Urschel with an MA in Mathematics posts simple chess puzzle
I don't think I've ever been more dominated in a game before finding a checkmate. Pretty stoked to come away with the win on this one.
I always suspected I wasn't a 1. d4 player
Oldest age at which someone became a master within, say, 5 years from learning the rules?
What do you play against d4, and why?
Queen can do the job of rook and bishop so why are they presented as options for pawn promotion?
White to move. Is there a forced win here?
Does LiChess use Stockfish 7?
How should a beginner go about theory in their games?
What does "sharp" mean?
What chess set is Dereque Kelley using in his videos?
Your best game of the year?
Weird behaviour sequence by the computer (medium on chess.com)
New chess analysis tool
V Strong Player plays on Lichess
let's have some fun here 22
Chess Rivals #1 GingerGM vs Danny Rensch
HOW TO STALEMATE (Stupid mistake)
Nice analysis of Female vs Male rating distribution, overall and by age.
Puzzle from a recent endgame I played: Black to play
so who had a better year...Anish or Magnus
It had to be done.
Internet enabled chess board
Automatically download Lichess games to Scid
IM Aryan Tari (2556) VS Super GM Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (2785)
Looking to learn the English - book recommendations.
Sorry about the noob question, but why is 1.c4 d5 not done?
Thought processes: What do you do to avoid being in the same positional situation again?
Why does the Leningrad Dutch have a dubious reputation? Its numbers look rock solid.
ChessExplained plays a very nice move
Upset in Prague Open yesterday (r7): Must see game!
White to move. A very simple mate in 2, from a game today.
Epic Pawn Snatching game
You can now play Chess with any of your friends on Facebook Messenger. Type "@fbchess help" in a conversation to get started.
Black to move wins a piece
Reddit Opening Week 03 | Black vs 1.Nc3
GM Ben Finegold - "Now, the old me..."
Why do they call these moves Novelties?
How do I look for tactics situations during games?
How to read Chess games ?
What would you rather have?
Is there a website where i can import a set of my own puzzles?
Archon: The Light and the Dark
Jerry boldly snatches up a free rook in a 3+0 game
[Beginner] I (black, to move) find myself in this position often- what am I looking at?
Interesting tactic from a recent game I played. White to move and win.
[Metachess]Free all day and night, i want to have fun 18+
Wouldn't mind seeing some GM's play Quantum Chess ;)
Magnus Carlsen: Champion of commercial success!
Suggestion for chesstempo
So what's Johnny B's new venture all about?
What is your least favorite popular opening.
I have roughly $510 to spend for my Universities Chess club. What would be a good way to spend it?
Requesting some advice from high-level KID players
Given my scenario, what is the most effective way I should start studying end game patterns and theory?
Might John be influencing the popularity of the Scandinavian on Lichess?
IM John Bartholomew and NM ChessNetwork face off again in a 2nd bullet tournament!
Mate in 3. From a game I just played.
"The Peace Problem"
In one of his latest bullet videos, John Bartholomew says that he is working on an opening repertoire for the Scandinavian Defense!
Pawn Sacrifice is out on DVD and Blu Ray. Here's the Redbox DVD link for the US.
Best move for white (white's turn).
How would you summarize the common openings and their goals?
Looking for some advice on what board to get with my new set.
Gustave firing lichess strength?
User on BabasChess beats Stockfish 6 every time - tested Stockfish 7 against him once today he still won easily... how?
Tips for long time control?
Help choosing an opening and style of play
My chess.com progress
Helping breaking into 1500
Pavel Eljanov - Magnus Carlsen, Wijk aan Zee 2016 analysis by GM Gustafsson
Navara - Caruana, Tata Steel Masters 2016: Analysis by GM Gustafsson
[chess] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
Any channels that cast games and talk about opening moves, why they were played etc etc?
[chess] My name is Dana. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
someone in hear know where i can get a custom chess set made ?
[chess] I meet a nice guy for a pleasant meeting. Only 18+
I can only play &lt;5 minute games
Does anyone know where to find a replica of the table used for the Spassky-Fischer '72 World Championship?
USCF Notation Question
Should I play an engine?
How can I get informative, English computer analyses like on Lichess?
My next move to get her into chess
Anyone like Dereque Kelley's opening apps? (QGD)
Question about a specific early queen strategy.
How to rejuvenate a stagnant chess club?
Supercharge my chess in 21 days
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my aaga
Fun mate in 7 (white to move)
Are you ready for ‪NewDubrovnik‬ ? Last few hours left for launch of our new version of 1950 Dubrovnik Bobby Fischer Reproduced Chess Set.
Live: GM Eric Hansen vs FM Bahadir Ozen. The battle to 3000 elo.
Jerry plays a Crazy House game on Lichess!
Quick Checkmates from Single Blunders - GM Ben Finegold
Pretty great puzzle I just played on Lichess
Best of 2015: Best Game | Chess News
AMAZING chess-themed graphic novel!
Just missed this tactic in a game. White to move and win.
Go home chess.com, you're drunk
What would happen if John Bartholomew, Cristof Sielecki (probably misspelled that), or Eric Hansen played against Fischer in his prime, 1971 or 72?
Banning People Online
Lichess has AIDS today.
Some advice, if you all would be so kind.
Who was the lowest rated player that won against adult Magnus Carlsen?
What's the best iPhone app for Chess tactics?
Chess scene in Copenhagen?
How could i of won this game?
[HELP] Importing database from SCID into Arena.
CookBooks : Indian Chess Engine
Master Class by Vishy Anand
John aka Fins vs Jerry aka Chess Network: Youtubedoubled bullet fun
Lasker vs. Schlechter | World Championship 1910 - GM Ben Finegold
Black to play and win. (Taken from a recent game I played)
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING (Chess vs GM Niclas Huschenbeth)
Interesting tactic from a recent game. White to move and win.
What's a good ,simple platform for FICS? (Free Internet Chess Server)
[Puzzle - Help mate] White should play 1. a4 and checkmate Black on move 5 with the a1 Rook.
A new streamer is born :o
How to build your own Stockfish chess engine in one click
I love playing high
CT Help. Next Problem button MIA
Blitz Chess Live Commentary vs NM Max Shwartz, 5-Game Match
Reddit Opening of the Week #4
Improving in closed manoeuvring positions?
One of the odder mates I've made as of late
Speaking of undeserved wins...
Lichess Lone Wolf - Season Two 30+30
Black to move and equalize
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [chess]
Striking, elegant and magnificent, treat yourself like royalty with these wooden chess sets that define luxury at their best. Enjoy up to 55% discount at chessbazaar
Queen's Indian Defense - commentary in Chess Titans. Happy New Year.
Why do some tactics trainers use Glicko instead of Elo rating?
Edward Lasker - The Immortal King Walk
Should I go through "logical chess" 2 times?
Vision and visualization
How many people can play blindfolded?
If 7...Nge7 brings the Evan's Gambit to a standstill, why do people play it?
Does it matter if you know the previous moves?
Probably one of the most beautiful 15 minute games played by John.
I finally made that video. 1600 player explaining thought process for u1500
YouTube channel of Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis. Amazing educational resource!
I just joined the USCF. I'm trying to figure out how to earn an official rating for the first time. Can anyone tell me if this tournament would count toward one?
A pretty tactic from my game. White to move!
That feeling when playing Chess after a long time.
Chess forbidden in Islam, rules Saudi mufti, but issue not black and white
Chess Event: Tradewise Gibraltar Chess Festival. 25th of Jan to 4th of Feb 2016. Hikaru, Vishy &amp; MVL in a swiss!
Stockfish 7 is Amazing!!
I develop chess apps for iOS and just released a Round-Robin Tournament Manager
From one of my games: Black to play
GM Ben Finegold - Petrosian vs. Spassky (1966)
New Chess Tourney in Boston this Spring
Have been playing online blitz for 4 years, never played games longer than 20 min. Have I been missing out?
What is the idea behind c4 on move 6 or 7 of the Sicilian-Prins (Moscow) variation?
What is your workflow when you analyze your own games ? How do you store this analysis ?
Rooks = Chariots
Wijk aan Zee/Tata Steel Chess Masters 2016 Round 4 Highlights
White to move. I'm still in disbelief.
Lawrence Trent and Tania Sachdev at Millionaire Chess. Note the lack of hoverhand.
How good you are: only the one right move to keep the Black initiative
So apparently this was a mistake... quality analysis
Very tricky tactics in this problem. This one stumped me.
Hurts to see this. Most recent episode of Brooklyn nine-nine.
GM Huschenbeth vs Hutch hype!
[Notch] Jerry's the Bob Ross of chess, and you deserve to have him in your life.
What to do when your opponent plays for a draw ? [Game analysis]
What does tactical vs positional mean?
Looking for a place to train specific tactics/puzzles :)
The birth of the Caro Kann and a nice tactic
Anyone know any good Android PGN viewers?
What is the point of analyzing my games if I'm a class C player? Won't I just come up with more C category moves?
Ms. Ju Wenjun v. Mr. Nigel Short, 2016 New Zealand Open, round 4
Most undeserved win? I win.
Where do you guys get your Chess books in PDF format?
Endgame Practice Resources
Best free chess software?
I hate the Chess.com Match making
[Question/Suggestion] Can we get a megathread link under resources that contains opening of the week thread links?
Elo of a system capable of perfect play?
How to think to solve this kind of (not so much difficult) puzzle ?
Anti-Lemberger Question
Difference between Bullet, Blitz, Classical and Correspondence Ratings
A ~1650 blitz finally wanting to improve at chess.
Creating a plan in chess
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my diaa
1700 teaching u1500 #3 - Caro kann advance
Nice 28-move win by Wei Yi against Navara David in Tata steel tournament. -- GIF
Reproduced Russian (Soviet Era) Chess Set in Stained Box wood is Back in Stock | Visit:chessbazaar.com
Opening from Brazilian Soap Opera 'A Regra do Jogo'
Simon Williams vs Danny Rensch
Do you have any "chess quirks"? What are they?
White to play, wins
It is really possible for an average brain to become an expert at chess?
Can someone help me identify these chess pieces?
Parallels between Sicilian and Benoni
Can advanced players review my progress?
What's a good decorative board?
Can I set crafty engine to give me unlimited time while still having a limit itself?
Overprotection
Does anyone know a good method of learning chess notation?
Is it possible for white to win from this position? White to play.
How Does ChessTempo assign tactics?
Straw Poll for Opening of the week #4
Checkmate in 2
Keres vs Gudmundsson - Stockholm ol 1937
The russian GM Ivan Bukavshin, died at the age of 20 from a stroke. RIP
Fun Blitz ! Magnus Carlsen &amp; Victorija Vs Vladimir Kramnik &amp; Tatiana Kosintseva
Look what I found! PacWars -- Chess + pacman game!
Chess in Call of Duty Black Ops
What is the highest rating you've beaten on a chess site?
Has anyone read any books authored by or based on former World Champ Mikhail Botvinnik? There seems to be a lot on amazon. I'm looking for some recommendations.
Premoves on Chess.com app.
Any good apps available on android for setting up positions, editing etc?
Creating a welcoming environment - or political correctness?
I just had a game on lichess with 7 average centipawn loss
Problem: White to play 8 consecutive moves from the initial board setup, but with only one pawn, and deliver just one check on the 8th move, which should be a check mate. Let's see how many get this right.
