Does anyone know where I could buy this video recording of Rattle conducting Mahler 8?
Are there any children shows strictly about music?
Holy mother of...how accurate is the movie Amadeus (1984)?
Looking for the name of a classical piece
Need help remembering a classical song
Nocturne op.9 by Viktor Kosenko (1896-1938)
Simon Rattle on Beethoven Symphonies
Alborada del Gracioso - Maurice Ravel (Amazing Solo Guitar Transcription)
A symphony I had been writing since April...
Brahms' violin concerto, 3rd movement (Anne-Sophie Muller violin, Herbert von Karajan conducting)
These songs are still falsely attributed to Bach, even though we've known since the 70s they're by Petzold
When you end the movement with a picardy third, then change your mind but don't have an eraser (Vivaldi, Concerto Grosso in D Minor, Op. 3, No. 11)
Ravel's String Quartet (1st Movement) -- arranged for 4 Ondes Martinots!
Prokofiev Toccata in D Minor Op 11
Theme and terrifying variations. Shostakovich: String quartet no. 11 in F minor, op. 122. Emerson String Quartet
Alexei Stanchinsky - Piano Sonata No. 2
When Boulez met the Womble.
The Clarineat.com podcast will be interviewing Tom Puwalski this week. Do you have any questions for him? (xpost from r/clarinet)
Juliucz Zarębski - Piano Quintet in G minor - Argerich
Score says trumpet in A, where is middle C?
A classical piano piece I composed recently. Your feedback is appreciated!
I'm sorry if this is such a retarded question but please help me
What was your LEAST nerve-wracking experience?
Bach: A Pre-Review of the Chamber works, BWV 995-1080
Michelangeli plays Scarlatti
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:ssoliaaglglganagdlt
Philip Glass - Rubric
Henle's getting into the digital sheet music game, and it looks awesome
Concert Pianist Teaches How To Play "GYMNOPEDIE No1 " from Erik Satie!!!!
Antonín Dvořák | VIRAL-MUSIC.com
What's the instrument that's singing here?
New Subreddit for recommending Young Artist Programs, teachers, coaches, and companies
[Piano Transcription] Wagner's Götterdämmerung arranged and performed by Nikolay Lugansky
Bach's E Major Violin Partita performed on violincello piccolo.
Can someone tell me the name of this piece? I know it's by Liszt and I only remember the opening melody that kinda sounds like the melody I made.
Heckelphone hire (x-post /r/oboe)
r/classicalmusic, what is your method for listening to classical music?
The second movement from Bellini's Oboe Concerto, played by Christoph Hartmann
For Mozart's 260th Birthday, K.545 performed by elementary school Yuja Wang
I just got this strange email from an organization called Musicians Elite. Anyone else get this? Trying to figure out if it's a scam or what.
I wonder what the diagrams look like
Mozart: Piano Sonata in D major for Four Hands, KV. 381 (Anna Nadiryan)
I - Melissa! [S]ex - What is your favorite hobby! and uidiaoataiasatallala
Next level score-following by youtuber 'incipitsify': Vote which composer wins $1,850 to write a new commissioned piece!
Those familiar with this composer's work will be amused: Sofia Gubaidulina - Concerto For Two Orchestras
Pierre Boulez, Structures I &amp; II
Should I get a metronome with or without a bell?
Various Medieval - Medley
Review of Bizet: Symphony in C, with Sir Thomas Beecham and the French National Radio Orchestra re-released on a Warner Classics CD
Careless german violinist leaves his €2.4 million Stradivarius on a train.
Maxence Cyrin - Where Is My Mind (Pixies cover)
Paganini Witches Dance
Need help identifying a work
Steve Reich on the passing of David Bowie
I think I finally "get" classical music! :)
Trying to get back into violin playing... Piece suggestions?
Your favourite decade for music
Joe Hisaishi- Vertical Lateral Thinking
The Killer Pork Chop? Fleshing Out A Theory About Mozart’s Death – Simply Charly
For those of you that might also teach music, here is another music education video I made.
Bet you've never encountered this time signature before
How can you tell if your chosen music teacher is any good? Article explores the telling signs of excellence
Richard Strauss: Don Quixote
[classicalmusic] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Erich Wolfgang Korngold - Piano Trio, Op. 1
What is your favourite piece of classical music featuring an uncommon instrument?
Johann Strauss II - The Blue Danube Waltz
J. S. Bach/Charles Gounod - Ave Maria
One of New Zealand's greatest composers "Douglas Lilburn: Symphony no 1"
And Then the Ocean Glows by Satoshi Yagisawa
Handel - La Réjouissance - self ocarina septet arrangement
Pentatonix performing a part of "Christus factus eat" took a fun turn
Sunglasses. RIP.
BWV 1024 on piano instead of harpsichord?
Looking for any baroque performance with voice, in English, and "proper" pronunciation of its time period
Quick question - what are the four parts of a classical music piece?
January 2016 Composition Challenge: Remix
Alexander Tcherepnin ‒ 10 Bagatelles, Op.5 - For Piano And Orchestra
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my daao
Jussi Björling sings "O Lola ch'ai di latti la cammisa" from Cavalleria Rusticana
Walter Niemann - Chamber Concerto No. 3
Classical Music Mashup
Aaron Copland - Piano Concerto (1926)
Edouard Ferlet -- Bach Plucked Unplucked [classical, minimalist] (2015)
Man listens to all 104 Haydn symphonies and puts them in order of greatness
A five-story tall building features an excerpt of Maurice Ravel's "Gaspard de la Nuit" (Scarbo movement) on a mural in downtown Minneapolis
[classicalmusic] I am able to receive and give pleasure. Do you want to meet me? 18+
Help with percussion notation? (Borodin Polovtsian Dances)
Camille Saint-Saëns - The Swan (Le Cygne). Photoshoot Timelapse
Peter Graham's "Gaelforce" played by the Yorkshire Building Society Band
A look at Smithsonian’s Stradivarius violins
Thinking of attending Pinchas Zukerman performance
Tchaikovsky, 1812 Overture. Question about the piece.
Hi /r/ClassicalMusic! I think you may like this music player.
Bach thread anyone ?
Are there any string quartets similar to Debussy's and Ravel's?
Compositions inspired by paintings
Rare Carlos Kleiber: George Butterworth — English Idyll n.1
Johan DeMeij | Symphony No. 1 "The Lord of the Rings" From the last concert of my Master's Degree a few years ago.
Stefan Wolpe - Symphony No. 1
The chamber orchestra: why small is beautiful
Ernő Dohnányi - Piano Concerto No. 1 (1898)
For my money, the most beautiful piece of music composed in the last 10 years: Hans Abrahamsen, "let me tell you," part III. "I will go out now"
Richard Wagner - "Elsa's Procession to the Cathedral" arranged for cello quartet. Beautiful arrangement and performance.
Richard Strauss — Macbeth
Andrew York has released Equations of Beauty, played on Julian Bream's 1957 Hauser
American National Symphony Orchestra Names Gianandrea Noseda New Conductor!
Ernst Helmuth Flammer - Das erschwiegene Wort! … ausgeweitet …
Iannis Xenakis - Eonta
A interesting performance of the young Glenn Gould playing Weber's Konzertstück Op. 79
Richard Wagner - Love Duet from Tristan &amp; Isolde (Act II) "O sink hernieder, Nacht der Liebe"
A brief instance of the sublime: Scriabin - 7 Preludes Op.17 - No.3 in D flat major
Mozart Alla Turca, tips please?
Antonín Dvořák feeding some pigeons.
Do you know these melodies? TOP 3 Classical Melodies || Played BACKWARDS! If you have 3 correct answers then you are a music expert!
All of Bach. Netherlands Bach Society is releasing video performances of every surviving work by J.S. Bach for free
Simpl(ish) Question About Beethoven Symphony No.9
After Pierre Boulez, who is the next great Modernist composer?
TANGO TRIO for clarinet bassoon and piano - Miguel del Aguila
My pussy! for classicalmusic
Fade – Charles Peck, a new work for oboe and tape that explores music and speech.
Fantastic documentary about Mahler
Incredible improv piano playing by Jason Pelsey
David Bowie narrates Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf
Mozart, Concierto para clarinete en La mayor K622
Heroes - a symphony by Philip Glass based on the album by David Bowie
Wonderful BBC News Online article on the "Leningrad" Symphony
Here we are, the greatest chord in Western Classical music
"Twilight" by contemporary Northern Irish composer Elaine Agnew. Heard this live recently and thought it was excellent.
Howard Shore's amazing Lord of The Rings Symphony.
what is the worst mistake during a live concert you can remember?
Cambridge Music Handbooks
What do you feel is objectively the most emotionally visceral composition?
Joyce DiDonato to star as Florence Foster Jenkins in documentary
Musical Instrument Policy with WestJet: What's next?
Sonata describing human life
New York Times best classical albums of 2015: Spotify playlist
Gladiator Theme Song - Composed by Hans Zimmer
What are some careers in Classical Music that are well-payed? Preferably, those that involve performance (though I know it is hard to get to that small percent)
Satie - Every recording of Gymnopedie 1 (timestretched)
How playing with other musicians improves your own playing skills
Juliusz Zarębski - Piano Quintet in G minor, Op.34 - IV. Finale-Presto
Scriabin - Prelude for the left hand
The earliest Mozart recording in the world – by a Danish baritone
How to engage audience of different ages
Tchaikovsky's Serenade Melancholic played under the rain
Philip Sparke - "Music of the Spheres" for Brass Band
Frank Bridge's delighfully nostalgic Fairy Tale Suite
How does the beauty of Beethoven and Mozart's music eventually lead to composers like Boulez and Adams?
I have a new interest in classical music but know the terms to help me find the kind that I enjoy. Please help.
Looking for the name of a piece by Carl Nielsen.
Where should I start with Schoenberg?
People here cause we're "subreddit of the day," set aside and hour, turn the lights out, listen to this. (in vain, by Georg Fredrick Haas)
Celebrate Mozart's 260th Birthday by watching 'Amadeus'
Wagner - Siegfried's Funeral Music (George Szell - Cleveland Orchestra)
orchestre Poitou Charentes
Careless german violinist leaves her €2.4 million Stradivarius on a train.
Fantasia in D minor K 397 for Mozart birthday :)
For fans of Scriabin (early period): Szymanowski's 4 Etudes
What are your favorite violin sonatas?
Q: Which instrument should I take up? (Early/Baroque/Classical)
I'm searching for a Wagner piece that could be a beautiful fit to read Van Gogh's letters aloud to
Professional musicians of r/classical music, what degree(s) do you have and what do you do for a living? Are you satisfied?
Looking for a certain short "musical gimmick" for solo piano by Shostakovich with a very persistent simple theme.
My History of Music chronological Playlist
W.A. Mozart - Divertimento K. 136 D Minor -Karajan - Composed 1772 Salzburg
From Baroque to Romantic Music – An Interview with Concert Pianist Sandro Russo
Hey guys, we need your help identifying a piece of music. Do you know which piece this is?
Evgeny Kissin playing Mussorgsky's "Great Gate of Kiev
This Site Likely Contains Sexual-ly Explicit Photos Of Someone You Kno-w! my ogaa
Balakirev—Symphony no.1
Herbert von Karajan — "Metamorphosen"
Beethoven - Rondo e capriccio op.129 - Rage over the lost penny
Vinyl to Digital Transfer of J.S. Bach's Brandenburg Concerto No. 4 and Triple Concerto No. 2 featuring Hungarian violinist Tibor Varga performing with the Chamber Orchestra of Hamburg.
Sign up and find us with a friеnd, it will bе hоt.
Henryk Górecki: Symphony No. 3 [“Symphony of Sorrowful Songs”], Op. 36. Terrifyingly beautiful.
Cameron Carpenter, the Organ God -- h3h3 reaction video
For someone who was not fond of Stravinsky's neoclassical phase, I still think Boulez conducts a dynamite version of the Symphony of Psalms
Richard Emsley - Flow Form
Can anyone help me find a song?
Does anyone know of a cheap venue in London?
Question: What is your favourite way to listen to a piece.
What composers were more radical (stylistically) in their early years, perhaps a good bit more even than they're normally thought of generally.
John Cale - Stainless Steel Gamelan
Favorite Theme and Variations? Heres one of mine.
Quite a nice tone poem: Mieczysław Karłowicz's Odwieczne Pieśni (Eternal Songs), Op. 10: II. Pieśń o miłości i o śmierci (Song of Love and Death)
FREE: Musical Notation Watch For Classical Music Lover! Grab Yours While It's Free! Limited Supplies!
Bach’s Ricercar a 6, tuned into 12_1/9-schisma Pythagorean as realized by Claudi Menengin
"Clair de Lune" - Suite bergamasque (Debussy, Claude) Mvmt. No. 3
Mohammed Fairouz - Symphony 3 "Poems and Prayers", written in 2010, both conservative and creative
Khachaturian - Waltz from the Masquerade Suite
Jaap van Zweden Spotify playlist
Ruslan Agababayev | "Yalan dunya-World of Illusions" Soloist Samir Jafarov • /r/azerbaijan
Richard Wagner's "Rule Britannia" Overture
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [classicalmusic]
St John Koukouzelis - Polyeleos To the Bulgarian Woman
Question from a non-musician: What are college exams like for a first year music major?
Flight of the Bumble-Bee for two Double Basses - fake?
Classical music that will make my presentation awesome.
what are most powerful classical compositions?
Grigory Sokolov plays Schumann's Geistervariationen
An epic ending to epic piano concerto
Rachmaninov mixed with Scriabin (with a pinch of Medtner): Konstantin Eiges ‒ 2 Skazki, Op.12
Classical music doesn't have be performed with formal wear and frowning faces. The Norwegian Chamber Orchestra plays Grieg.
Grainger strikes again...
Antonio de Literes [1670 - 1747] - Acis y Galatea (Baroque Zarzuela) - Al Ayre Español
The Duett of the Cats by Giacomo Rossini - This belongs here...sorry for that!
Some favorite classical recordings of 2015
Josef Strauss - Mein Lebenslauf ist Lieb' und Lust - Walzer, op. 263 [7:23]
A. Scriabin: Symphony nº 3 "The Divine Poem" - Slobodeniouk - Sinfónica de Galicia
AMSTERDAM POLICE KICK IN OPERA SINGER’S DOOR THINKING HE’S SCREAMING
Are there any good "slow", "big band", non-HIP recordings of Bach's St. John Passion?
Scarlatti: Sonata K87 arr. for two guitars
When the director has too much coffee: "Give Us This Day" by David Maslanka
Antonio Vivaldi - The Four Seasons (Full)
Pierre Boulez, French Composer, Dies at 90
What out-of-the-ordinary orchestral placements do you think are most effective?
My theory of concert coughing
WE: music for space/rocketry
Newbie looking to explore
Thoughts on Torelli?
Paganini All Violin Concertos Played in One Evening by Heart!
Guy Klucevsek &amp; the Bantam Orchestra - Stolen Memories (My personal favorite!)
Request: Can someone name this piece played by Itzhak Perlman at 0:17?
Sublime: Bax's Elegiac Trio
Instrumental Society of Calgary WAYFARING Part 1 360° Video
Kosenko - Passacaglia in G minor
Boulez conducting the Rite of Spring in 1963. A amazing document shared by Radio Canada
Toccata and Fugue in D minor: New Takes on a Famous Work (BWV 565)
Mozart - "Lacrimosa" (Maria Yudina)
Composer Pierre Boulez dies at 90
My friends and I have been building Encore, the "LinkedIn of classical music" since mid-2014. Would love to hear what you think.
I can't decide if I should take up the trumpet or violin.
sheetmusicplus.com - yes or no?
Graupner: "Sinfonia in F für 6 Timpani"
A piece that I'm working on right now!! To Spring -- Op. 43 No. 6 by Edvard Grieg
Il Nozze di Figaro overture on piano. Surprised at lack of views.
The Master - Jean-Pierre Rampal, playing 12 Fantasies for Solo Flute.
Orchestral Arrangement of the Tal Tal Heights theme from The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening by Minako Hamano and Kozue Ishikawa
PASSIONATE Polonaise in G Minor for 4 hands
Is it just me (I can't find any reliable sources) or is David Bowie's Life on Mars based on Rachmaninoff's second Piano Concerto?
HIF Biber - Toccata for Viola da Gamba - Petr Wagner
Me playing Confrey's "Kitten on the Keys."
Cellist's YouTube channel for classical music, baroque style, livestreamed concerts, vlogs, and more
Please, can someone help me name this melody: Melody on the Tiny Love Mobile
I learn music at a slow pace. Do you have any advice on how to increase my speed?
Nachtstück: Fischer-Dieskau - Happy Birthday, Schubert!
Felix Blumenfeld ‒ 4 Preludes for Piano, Op.12
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my atat
I couldn't think of the right piece to share for Mozart's 260th birthday today, so here's this instead.
Chopin - Piano Sonata no. 2 in B minor, Op. 35 mvts 3-4 (The Funeral March; played by Beatrice Berrut)
Evgeny Kissin - Rachmaninov Piano Concerto No. 2 (I see the entire life in it﻿)
Some avant garde to start your day: Jacob Ter Veldhuis - grab it!
Georges Cziffra plays Ravel's "Toccata" from "Le Tombeau de Couperin"
Medieval Music - Medley
"It has long been fashionable to dismiss Williams as a mere pasticheur, who assembles scores from classical spare parts." Alex Ross on the new Star Wars score and John Williams as a brand.
Martin Scorsese to produce biopic of pianist Byron Janis (x-post r/movies)
Liberace shows how the entrance of the soloist in Tchaikovsky's first piano concerto should be really played
Who are your ultimate one hit wonder composers and what other works by them should we know?
BWV 1054 and 1068 sound the same (air and arioso)
Dating Site Online! Find Your Girls for sex! my sdg
Christian Ernst Graaf - Sympony in D: Allegro
David Lang - Just (After Song of Songs) [performed by Trio Medieval]
Couperin's Les Barricade Mysterieuse on a steel string guitar.
Dancing in the Wind - Yosuke Fukuda
Hal Leonard/John Williams Signature Series publication of Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens
Bruce Dickey, Cornetto and Hanneke van Proosdij, organ play Josquin des Prez's "Mille Regretz"
Irene May - Little Dragon
A small, piano piece
Fazil Say's Bach Fugue in A minor BWV 543. I love it.
Paganini: Caprice No. 20 - Shlomo Mintz, violin
Tomorrow (8PM CET) Deutsche Grammophon will livestream a performance of the Turangalîla Symphony, with Gustavo Dudamel conducting the Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra, Yuja Wang on piano and Cynthia Millar on ondes martinot.
Hey r/Classicalmusic, What are your recommendations on inspiration for a spacey/scifi instrumental prog/black metal concept, and to broaden my knowledge of classical music as a whole?
Need help identifying a piece
You can send the sheet music for one composition back in time and have it land on Mozart's desk...
Heartbreaking: Frank Bridge's Lament for Catherine, a 9 year old killed in a U-boat attack on a civilian ocean liner
Mieczysław Karłowicz - Violin Concerto in A Major Op 8
I thought I would share this recording of my orchestral work "Metropolitan" performed by Symphony in C. Feedback welcome!
Percy Grainger's Molly On The Shore multitracked on saxophone
Happy birthday, Mozart. String Quartet no. 19- "Dissonance"
WindSync, wind quintet performs Billy Joel (studio version)
Vivian Fung - Violin Concerto for Chamber Orchestra
Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 5 in E flat major Op. 73 (soloist/conductor: Daniel Barenboim) &lt;3
Build Lean Muscle! Burn Stubborn Fat! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
The soprano Denise Duval for whom Poulenc wrote La voix humaine has died
How you *also* can play Haydn's Trumpet Concerto :-)
The entrance of the solist in Tchaikovsky's first piano concerto, as played by Liberace
A portrait of, who ought to be, Flemish Renaissance composer Josquin des Prez. From Leonardo da Vinci.
Can someone identify some "classical" music off my baby's mobile?
Recommendation for books about professional classical musicians or composers. Preferably something that offers an insight into what life is like being a part of a large orchestra.
What were your favourite pieces as a kid?
Why does it sound like the pitch changes after the orchestra ends the last note of this Mahler Symphony movement?
An exceptional discovery: Lyadov's Barcarolle, Op.44
One of the most lyrical and 'poetic' string quartets I've had the chance to listen to, Ildebrando Pizzetti - String Quartet No. 1.
Nikolai Medtner's joyous 4 Skazki, Op. 26
Háskólakórinn - Heyr Himna Smiður (an Icelandic hymn)
Durufle — Requiem
More people need to hear Dave Brubeck's regret- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ErpArslkE4 I find the ostinato at 2:15 particularly moving.
Prokofiev - Things in Themselves
Dthulhu - Piano Composition
How To Grow Your Music Teaching Business if you want to increase the number of students you work with
Which orchestras/conductors around the world are the most underrated?
Is the concert master of an orchestra considered the "best" performer or the "leader" or both?
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - Andante con variazioni in G major KV501 (Linda Leine and Daria Marshinina)
Classical music at the gym.
C, E-flat, and G go into a bar.
Help Identifying a Song from Commercial [Vizio Ultra HD]
Robert Helps — 3 Hommages (Faure, Rachmaninoff, Ravel)
A vocal piece by Mozart, Salieri and Cornetti is discovered in Prague!
Sergei Nakariakov plays the third movement of Saint-Saëns Cello Concerto No.1 on flugelhorn
Classical Banjo: Béla Fleck - Perpetual Motion [Album]. Listen to the whole album it's incredible
What is the most beautiful (but lesser known) classical piece you know?
A Rachmaninoff Rarity: Prelude in F major Op. 2
The War Symphonies: Shostakovich Against Stalin, a 1997 revisionist documentary on Shostakovich's Fourth through Ninth Symphonies between 1936 and 1945 and his defiance against the Communist regime through his art
Herbert Howells - Gloucester Service
The Art of Piano Teaching - Part I
Julia Florida - Thomas + Stéphanie-Laure Viloteau
Circle of fifths coincidence? (xpost /r/musictheory)
City Lights a Mile Up
Ian Bostridge sings "Dopo Notte" from Handel's "Ariodante"
Practicing Boëllmann: "Prière a Notre-Dame" from Suite Gothique
Rey's theme from John Williams's Star Wars: The Force Awakens is from something else. But what...
Sterling Scholar who needs a Tenor piece
For Mozart's birthday... "Was he the first kind of quartertones experiment composer?? D'oohhhh...!"
Jussi Björling sings Alfvén's "Jag längtar dig"
Just saw the play, and I was smitten with the music
Macarthur Life 2 - Recorder Music - Noahide Music
Daniel Barenboim: Beethoven Piano Concerto No. 2 in B flat major Op. 19 (This guy just keeps getting better and better) :D
8 Hours Minimal Piano Spotify Playlist
Vincent d'Indy - String Quartet No. 1 in D major
Anyone know what song is played?
Jordan Nelson - Four Interludes
Sonata For Cello And Piano In D Minor - I. Allegro Moderato
Timeline of composers for the organ
Schubert - Arpeggione Sonata in A minor, D. 821 I. Allegro moderato (performed by Sir James Galway)
Although Ravel isn't everyone's favourite composer, you can't fault this piece; it has interesting textures, great melodies, adventurous harmony, impeccable and innovative orchestration, and a great plot, too! This is Daphnis et Chloé
G.F. Händel: ''Water Music'' - Akademie für alte Musik Berlin - Live concert
One of my new favorite discoveries. Leo Ornstein, Piano Sonata No. 4 (1918)
Leonard Bernstein smoking a cigarette in his robe.
What pieces would you recommend to a person who doesn't enjoy classical music in an effort to change their mind?
Classical Music Knowlegde
Looking for some info...
How do you understand atonal music?
Can anyone identify this piece of music? Its from the film 45 Years. Soundhound, Shazam and Sony Track ID couldn't work it out...
Tallis Scholars - Allegri: Miserere
What Chopin's Polonaise in A-flat major, Op.53 would sound like if played by an orchestra.
Gustavo Dudamel and Youth Orchestra of L.A. to perform at Super Bowl 50 halftime show
Roman Statkowski - Alla Cracovienne for violin and piano
Marcel Tournier ‒ Féerie for solo harp
Soothing Piano Music - Frederic Chopin - Andantino 'Spring', B. 117 (Wiosna)
Bach - The Well Tempered Clavier: Book I: Prelude and Fugue No. 7 in E flat Major - S. Richter
SL Weiss - Allemande from Lute Sonata No. 36 in D minor - Robert Barto
Who are the best conductors to watch when first developing basic technique?
Interview with Clarinetist Michael Norsworthy of the Boston Conservatory. (xpost from r/clarinet)
The Boulez piece that is most ripe for a heavy metal cover: Notations - 2. Très vif
The Master - Jean- Pierre Rampal, playing 12 fantasies for solo flute.
Help with finding a Bernstein song
Mily Balakirev ‒ Scherzo No.1
Newly rediscovered recording of the Canadian Guitar Ensemble (1989) - Concerto for 2 Violins in A minor, RV 522 (Vivaldi)
How Instruments are Classified (educational video - OC.)
Sinding - Frühlingsrauschen (Rustle of Spring)
Macarthur Life - Recorder Melody - Noahide Music
What is in your opinion the happiest/Joyful piece of classical music ?
Leyenda de Miliano - Alondra de la Parra dirigiendo la POA, de Arturo Márquez
Shostakovich' rarely mentioned second rofl concerto. First movement
Choir of King's College Cambridge sing Henry Walford Davies' setting Psalm 130 "Out of the Deep"
Performance directions for normal people
Eeny, meeny, miny... no, not that one! Well, all right. (Itzhak Perlman: Live in Russia)
Pierre Boulez — Le Marteau sans maître (1955)
Can somebody identify this song please ?
I've listened to over 100 recordings of the Rach 2, but I just recently discovered this one with Zimerman, Ozawa, and the BSO.
Need Organ Pieces!
Recommendation websites?
Classical music makes me feel......
David Yonan and Susan Merdinger perform Frolov's Fantasy on Gershwin's P...
Mozart's Don Giovanni - La ci darem la mano
Bach Cello Suite sarabande on baroque cello
Lyadov ‒ 3 Morceaux, Op.11; No. 1 is probably my favourite piece by him
MARIN MARAIS (1656-1728) - Tombeau pour Mr. de Lully
[classicalmusic] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Johannes Brahms: Violin Concerto in D major, Op 77 (David Oistrakh, Cleveland Orchestra, George Szell)
What is this classical song?
The Emirates Guide to Classical music
Grad school entrance exam/proficiency tests study methods?
Do you have visual artists that you associate with composers?
Igor Stravinsky ‒ 4 Etudes, Op.7
Gavotte 1&amp;2 BWV 995 - Bach
Frank Bridge - Piano Trio No 2
A website containing hundreds of guitar tabs for classical pieces from Purcell to Beethoven and Tarrega to Bach and many more. For any classical music loving guitarists on this sub I hope you enjoy!
Daniel Barenboim plays the 2nd movement from Beethoven's "Pathetique" Sonata for Piano
Ten black composers whose works deserve to be heard more often
One of the best and most difficult percussion pieces in existence, Xenákis's "Peaux" for 6 percussionists playing 44 drums
Documentary on the Notre Dame Organ (Arte)
Lost and Found: The Anniversary of Stravinsky’s Early Work – Simply Charly
Rimsky-Korsakov - Scheherazade - 4th movement
Ludwig van Beethoven: Violin Concerto in D major, Op 61 (David Oistrakh, Stockholm Festival Orchestra, Sixten Ehrling)
Frank Bridge - Londonderry Air
What is your favorite late-romantic Russian music?
Recording of Henze's Heliogabalus Imperator?
I found a YouTube channel that does mashups of Ligeti and Lil' Wayne. Here's "Drop The Requiem".
W.A. Mozart - Violin sonata no. 21 in E minor, K. 304
Anyone know if Glenn Gould ever play Rachmaninov ?
Wilhelm Berger - Piano Quintet in F minor, Op. 95
Musicians on How ‘Mozart in the Jungle’ Conducts Itself
Finale from Shostakovich's Fifth Symphony played by Forney High School Wind Ensemble
Max Reger - Variations and Fugue on Mozart's Theme
Canon Fantasy (AKA Pachelbel Canon in D) played by Lee Galloway
Conductor and composer Pierre Boulez has died.
OMFG legato is just an anagram of El Gato!
Scriabin: Poem of Ecstasy
Looking for voice actors for a new opera podcast
Looking for a piece by Carl Nielson
A cover of an old concerto (by Bartok I think) in 7/8 time with drums and an acoustic guitar (quartet I think). I posted in TOMT but I think I'll have better luck here!
Could you identify the performer of this Tchaikovsky Piano concerto #1? There are just a few seconds of it at the start of the video.
Rachmaninov - Prelude in C-sharp minor (Op. 3, No. 2)
Did I play this too slow?
How an oboe player ended up in the NFL
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..soa
Can classical music be cool?
Seeing some brass band stuff in here! Classical enthusiasts will appreciate this one: Thomas Doss-REMscapes (performed by BrassBand Burgermusik Luzern
TIL about Edwin Lemare, who transcribed hundreds of works for the organ, the most memorable being his transcriptions of Wagner's works.
Jacob Druckman - Animus III
How pianist Dejan Lazic should be remembered.
Bartók: New year's greeting no. 1, from 44 violin duos. Itzhak Perlman and Pinchas Zukerman
Chaya Czernowin - Sahaf
Erich Wolfgang Korngold: Das Wunder der Heliane, Ich ging zu ihm (Anna Tomowa)
Giovanni Battista Viotti - Violin Concerto No. 22 in A minor, G. 97
Mahler Symphony No. 2 excerpt - NY Phil
Sviatoslav Richter: The Pianist Who Made The Earth Move (by Steve Wigler)
Needing some help.
Schubert - Arpeggione Sonata in A minor, D. 821 I. Allegro moderato (performed by the incredible Sir James Galway)
You guys might like this. La romanesca by Liszt
Skrillex - Ease My Mind (GloryHoundz Orchestra Rendition)
Please! Can you identify this song for me?
Arthur Fiedler Vinyl Records
Mendelssohn's Rondo Capriccioso, Op. 14 performed by the young and talented Jan Lisiecki
I don't know how y'all view songs from movie soundtracks, but this piece by Ennio Morricone for "Mission to Mars" is beautiful.
Mozart in the Jungle | Season 2 Highlights
Variations on Laudate Dominum by Edward Gregson played by the Diamond Brass Band
Review of Dvorak: Symphonies 8 &amp; 9, with Ivan Fischer and the Budapest Festival Orchestra on a Philips CD
Rachmaninov. Six Duets Op. 11 - Valse (4 hands - Linda Leine | Daria Marshinina)
Glory - James Horner - one of the finest soundtracks ever composed.
Mozart: Divertimento no. 5, KV 439b, performed by Ernst Ottensamer (former principal clarinetist of the Vienna Philharmonic), Daniel Ottensamer (current principal clarinetist of the Vienna Philharmonic), and Andreas Ottensamer (principal clarinetist of the Berlin Philharmonic)
Schubert Symphony nr 4 Harnoncourt Residentie orchestra, private issue vinyl
Boulez has died, aged 90
Hendrik Andriessen - Miroir de Peine
BACH! These guys perform for free in NYC
[request] compositions like the godfather theme?
[Discussion]: Shostakovich's Second Waltz makes me feel like I'm on a wild, crazy merry-go-round. Where does it position your mind's eye?
Bach: A Pre-Review of the Complete Keyboard Works, BWV 772-994
HS senior looking for colleges that offer good music+piano competition courses that aren't super expensive
Can you help me find this piano theme?
I like Scheherazade composed by Rimsky-Korsakov. Where can I find more music like this?
Erich Wolfgang Korngold - Symphony in F-sharp major, Op.40 (1953)
Alexandre Tansman - Variations on a Theme of Scriabin.
Are you making any of these mistakes during practice? See how it affects your progress
Pianogasm. Liszt: Transcendental etude no. 11 "Harmonies du soir", performed by Vladimir Ashkenazy.
Beat Furrer - Solo für Cello
An incredibly touching piece: Pärt's "Variationen zur Gesundung von Arinuschka"
Cellists of r/classicalmusic. Never. Fly. WestJet.
Favorite minimalism pieces?
Does anybody have any recommendations?
What are some of your favorite pieces to listen to when surfing the web?
I have just legit cried after hearing Shostakovich's 5th Prelude &amp; Fugue for the first time!
Looking for title and composer of this piece!! Help
Is there a resource or database for analyzed scores?
This is why I always preferred the chamber-orchestra version of Copland's "Appalachian Spring" to the orchestral version (this one is a 1989 recording of the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra)
Keeplove | Live Dangerously
Arvo Pärt — Stabat Mater
Dorian Wallace | "...we can make tunnels..."
J. S. Bach - Prelude and Fugue in C minor BWV 847 no 2 from Das Wohltemperierte Klavier (played by Marcin Dąbrowski)
Early Renaissance - Medley
Pierre Boulez, French Composer, Dies at 90
Jan Dismas Zelenka [1679~1745]: Missa Votiva
Richard Emsley - The Juniper Tree
How many hours per day piano practice?
This week in classical news: After recently retiring, Nikolaus Harnoncourt has entrusted Pablo Heras-Casado to conduct the third concert by the Vienna Philharmonic during the "Mozart Week 2016."
Which is your favourite recording of Shosty's Leningrad Symphony?
Need Help Identifying this Song
Spotify quality in classical music
People of /r/classicalmusic, I need help.
Thoughts on Karel Ančerl's "Gold" album series?
Best of Tallis - So Lovely
Anton Bruckner: "Abendzauber" for choir and alphorns
Mozart Symphony No.40 played on Chapman Stick
I transcribed a version of Carol of the Bells around 10 years ago, I'm wondering if someone could help me figure out who the original composer(s) is/are?
London Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Gennady Rozhdestvensky, Tchaikovsky - Marche Slave, Op. 31
Thou Art Gone Up on High from Handel's Messiah sung by Yoshikazu Mera
J. S. Bach Chaconne BWV 1004. Transcribed and arranged for harpsichord by Skip Sempé
Pierre Boulez conducting the NY Philharmonic in Beethoven's Symphony #7, concert in Central Park, summer 1975.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - 12 variations on 'La belle Françoise' in E-flat [Classical]
Frank Bridge's delightfully nostalgic Fairy Tale Suite
Strange this is not a repost (Andante Spianato in G major, Chopin)
Music like Gupaidulina's Musical Toys?
What works absolutely tug at your heartstrings?
Who are your favourite singers of classical music?
Siete canciones populares españolas
Franz Liszt - Hamlet, symphonic poem No. 10
Beautiful Nordic Music - Medieval Instrumental
Today it is Max Bruch's birthday! Here is his Scottish Fantasy for violin and orchestra.
Messiaen - 'O sacrum convivium!' Such a wonderfully colourful piece. I love the truly 'Messiaenic' tempo this is taken at.
Gabriel Fauré - Pavane Op. 50 (Acoustic Classical Guitar Cover by Jonas Lefvert)
Steve Reich - Clapping Music (Scrolling)
Ann Sophie Von Otter sings Handel's "Dopo notte atra e funesta" from Ariodante
Is your morning alarm classical music?
Bach Review: A Pre-Review of the Organ Works, BWV 525-771
Classical or Jazz? Which one has the better pianists? [X-Post from /r/piano; also on /r/jazz]
Classical "newb" looking for artists similar to Chopin and Satie
Alfred Deller - Down by the Sally Gardens
Prevent Harpsichord Maker from Losing Workshop!
Review of Liszt: Hungarian Rhapsodies, with Hermann Scherchen and the Vienna State Opera Orchestra in a Westminster 2-disc set
Björk interviews Arvo Pärt (1997)
