Cuban coins in the U.S.
I found this three pence coin in a discarded book at work. Need help identifying.
What's going on with these two pennies?
2007 no mink mark Lincoln penny in MS+. What's it's value?
[Help/info] does anyone know what this coin is? Seems like it's Spanish.
Saw a coin and lost it, hoping someone could tell me what it was
Uncovered a bag full of old coins from a relative - anything good in here?
There's already a 1909 VDB on the front page, but I'm excited about getting mine so here it is anyway!
SLQ Grade Opinions - Good Photo
$100 Canadian bald eagle silver coin.
Hope you guys would know. Is there any way I can order one of these in mint condition? Where would I buy it from?
I have to blame Numistacker on YouTube for making me fall in love with Libertads...just bought my first one!
Canadian silver hologram coin
The coin that started it all for me!
Curious About Deciphering Between Pre and Post Mint Damage
Can somebody help me choose the right size of the Everslab capsule?
16 coins at CAC and 7 coins at NGC and PCGS at the moment are giving me coin withdraw and I hate when coins go in the mail...and now I am having issues with one of the packages via USPS...
Know where these are from?
Found a weird silvery 1990 penny that is magnetic. Any thoughts?
Is this a die crack under the torch?
Capped Bust Silver Half Dollar 1835 USA
SEALED APMEX BAR 1 OZ .999 FINE SILVER!!! ⋆ Bids Faster
[Info Request] Looking for any information on these coins, Some American, Some foreign. I’ve had them for a while and just located this sub. Any information appreciated! Thanks!
Found 2 Chinese Silver Dollars, Yuan Shih-Kai (Fat Man)
Pick up a CC Morgan, how'd I do?
2016 Silver Eagles Sell 4 Million Coins in 4 days
Can anyone identify this coin? My buddy got it about 20 years ago and knows nothing about it.
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: b112816 to get 20 bonus coins.
Took some pics of my newer rosies!
Strange wheat penny, any idea what happened to it?
Help Identifying coin European parliament 1979?
1968 D Lincoln Error Id
found this little guy today on the ground
Thursday Register Finds
Nice Macro Shots of Some Raw Nickels I Recently Purchased. The 54 S has monster luster in hand
My mom thinks this 1795 silver dollar is worth something. Is it?
ID Request - more details in comments
I have a question about worldcoingallery.com...
What do you guys recommend as different methods of coin hunting?
New Year's Resolutions
I loved toned Booker T Washingtons. Bonus Peace Dollar I got on lunch today.
LCS pickups today, Walking Liberty, Steel Cents and a hosed Mercury Dime
Finally got decent pics of this beauty!
Silver Eagle series 1986 to 2015
Help with identifying this coin?
Does anyone knows what might those coins worth? Or something about them?
Random old coins in my Grandmother's house
2016 Tenth Ounce Gold Britannia
Can someone help me identify this very old coin?
I got to spend some time at the FUN show in Tampa today, and one of the dealers let me shoot this beauty!
A little help on identifying this coin please
Oh Snap! Coinweek is giving away a MS69 Libertad this week - having just fallen in love with Libertads myself I figured I would share the contest here for some Mexican Silver! Takes 5 seconds to sign up.
Does anyone know what those coins worth? Or something about them?
What do I do with my coin collection. How do i organize it, catalog it, and learn about it.
Coin had an iffy ebay pic but I could tell something was up with this area of the coin, anything more than pmd?
Unknown Coin, about the size of a quarter.
Grade my new Trade(dollar)?
Had this set for a few years now. I'm wondering if anyone can throw any light on them (more photos in comments.)
My first proof set! Shakespeare 2 pound proofs.
Found these odd medallion type coins at my grandmothers. Are they anything special, or just boring medallions?
Worth anything
1999 SBA dollar coin
Can anybody help me identify this Chinese coin?
Does anyone know what this coin is?
Going through my finds for the year, not too versed in canadian. The "4" seems a bit far away and small, briefly google and found nothing. Whats going on here?
Siam (Thailand) 1 Baht, 1915. One of the cooler coins in my collection.
New Discovery :) Happy New years all
1923 s Mint Marked Standing Liberty Quarter
A short survey of the Numismatics of the Telegraph
Anyone got a trick for identifying mint marks?
Inherited coin collection, curious about the values of some of the coins.
Where are this from?
Saw this on /r/pics, who wants to be my British friend?
Oh yeah? Well my 1879-S Morgan is clearly the best!
Help identifying coin European Parliment 1979? [album link in comments]
Hey guys, what is this coin?
Paid for my car wash with a handful of '79 Susan B. Anthony coins...
Removing Rust off Corroded Coin?
Need help with a recent flea market pick up
Type Set Album Opinions
How do you remove White-out from a coin?
Old coins that were found after my grandfather passed away
Just found these lying around in the basement, anyone know what they're worth?
1838 Half dime after electrolysis. Metal detecting find. Opinions on the coins design details wanted.
What's the grade/value of these two coins?
Can anyone tell me what's up with this strike?
Treaty of Vienna 1738 Commemorative Coin
1 billion coins minted in 200 years of Gold Sovereign | Detailed Infographics [ITA]
Was going through my old coin collection and could not identify this guy. Can someone help? Thanks!
Bought 5 Morgans off eBay for $252.48. How do you think I did? Sellers pics.
Some of my favourite circulating coins (Canadian, commemorating the War of 1812)
Coin shops in Boston
Finally completed the BBasil error series. 500 Réis commemorating the 100 years of independence.
Requesting help identifying two dirty coins.
These Japanese Yen on Ebay are fake, right?
Weekend lcs pickups
What is the value of that coin?
Any info on this coin I found in my closet?
Earn coins by simple tasks and then redeem to get gift cards! Sounds cool, huh? Use my referral code: 6963ebf to get 20 bonus coins.
Rare Dime Sells for Staggering Amount
2007-S Adams Presidential $1 Coin (with edge detail) --- Is this a mint error?
Toned Buffalo!
Submission help requested
1968 D Lincoln Penny Error ID
Does anyone know how I (American) would be able to purchase foreign coins?
How the U.S. Mint could save $39 million on nickels and dimes
Coin Roll Hunting in Canada: Got some penny rolls from the bank before they sent them to be destroyed. Look what I found!
A lot of haggling went into making this possible.
Should i get this graded?
Coin found in Ireland. Could someone please help identify it?
Can anyone identify this? (poor condition)
Bought at a flea market. Anyone know the worth?
Found a 1924 Half Penny between walls when renovating my kitchen. I live in Canada, but don't think the coin is Canadian. Is this coin valuable?
Can an NGC ELITE member help me out with bulk submission prices.
Just picked up a Russian 5 Rubles gold coin. Anyone here knowledgeable with foreign coins?
Curious about a dime i was given at work!! pls help .-.
Elizabeth Currier 1983 Coins
A friend of a friend found this recently with a metal detector. He has few means to perform research. What are his next steps?
Some of my Mexican coins
Hey guys, I'm new to this. Just inherited my grandfather's coin collection and there's probably close to 10,000 coins but this little guy remains a mystery. Can anyone ID this coin, please?
20 Rappen, my first Swiss coin!
My beautiful Benjamin!
Earn coins by simple tasks and then redeem to get gift cards! Sounds cool, huh? Use my referral code: d657754 to get 20 bonus coins.
My friend was worth anything?
So I guess somebody tried to test if this coin was copper or not.. Well, it IS a 1982 penny so..
Best numismatic literature?
1996 D Quarter
American silver dollars late 1800's &amp; early 1900's
How do I open this indestructible roll of nickles?
Recommended coin folders/books for collecting? Here are the ones I currently own.
Just wanting to know what country. (Pretty sure they're the same except maybe the one with a hole)
Some CoinShops (Coins + Photoshop)
The coin that started it for me!
I got these Chinese/Manchu/Mongol coins today and I'm unsure what they are. Anyone have any info?
Haven't gotten one of these in change in awhile.
I found a silver quarter amongst my change today.
What's the value of this Walking Liberty Half?
Question about foreign currency - and selling it?
[Meta] For those involved in the PCGS / NGC Group Order
1952D and 1956D Wheaties with mint mark in wrong place—what do I have here?
Value of rolls for each state quarter?
Found this, not a clue what it is, or if its valuable..
Just starting to have a bit of fun with my scanner. Any tips for getting better scans?
Why does one of my 1942 silver nickels have a mint Mark but not the other?
Can you help me figure out this coin?
1868 3 Cent Silver PCGS PR 65+ DCAM CAC - Finest Known - Favorite purchase from FUN!
Interesting toning on this silver 1978 French 50 Francs
Came upon these, what exactly am I looking at here? Lady Liberty??
Clad missing on quarter
Potential Value?
How reliable are Krause catalog values?
Need help identifying ?Vatican? coins.
I'm sure it makes some of you cringe, but messed around with some electrolysis today
Forgery Alert: Ireland 1937 Halfcrown
Every night I'm alone here
Ancient Coin Books
They're baaaaaaaaack
1973 Silver 1p UK
Showing off our pretty Morgans now, are we?
Dateless 20pence mule coin in uncirculated condition. What is its true value? Any idea on mintage?
Short History of Numismatics and the Telegraph
Help my friend figure out what coin this is ?
Coin Hoards on eBay
Is this a 6400 Réis - João V and if so what is an estimated value?
Olin College students looking to interview a coin collector
What can I do about my Dad's huge coin collection?
Does anyone have any idea what this is? I found it in a new house, it looks like a nordic language?
Finally decided to make this my carry piece
"The $200 Million Coin Collection", the Pogue Collection
New Year, Old Coin!
Earn coins by simple tasks and then redeem to get gift cards! Sounds cool, huh? Use my referral code: b603fe2 to get 20 bonus coins.
With my new USB microscope, I can really see all the details on the Buffalo. NSFW-ish
Spreadsheet with 37,000 coins listed. Anyone interested?
Found this. What is it? Philip Sheridan? (X-Post from /r/Whatisthisthing)
Can anyone help ID this ancient?
Is the circular impression on the face of this Ohio quarter normal? [x-post from /r/whatisthisthing]
Couldn't find this coin anywhere!
1921 P Morgan Grade Question
Proof coin collecting - Why you should do it!
Girlfriend got this back in change, worth anything ?
What is this and where's it from
A 1946 D join 1946 &amp; 1946 S. All three mint marks for the last year of the shell case pennies
LCS pick up 1912 PCGS MS64 5c "cents" w/ some toning
1853 French Empire coin (Napoleon III) - From my grandad's collection
1828 Half Cent I added to my typeset yesterday
Best way to take a photo while at the LCS?
"left with £29k of Royal Mint coins after HSBC refused them despite legal tender status"
Trying to get more information on this 1994 D Quarter and 1962 Nickel with no mint mark
Please help identifying these two Asian coins.
Anyone Know Which Country This is From?
My grandfather gave me this interesting CIA challenge coin
Anyone know anything about this token?
What is this coin's origin, value, etc
Need help with id
O’Brien Coin PRICE GUIDE 2016: George IV
Anyone getting the Mark Twain $5 gold piece?
[coins] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Found this in my grandma's collection, please help me recognize which coin is this?
Just saw this over in videos...ouch
Got a lucky quarter at the bank today
I didn't know I had this
[ID request] handed down from Hungarian grandfather, but the coin may not be Hungarian, had trouble searching.
How to Throw Away $250,000 (or, Why You Should Never Clean Your Coins)
Can anyone tell me about this coin?
Ah, the reason the silvers are NOT for sale today.. DOOOH.
Help identifying coing [UK]
1900 Gold Coins of the Great Powers of Europe?
A few new pickups for the exhibit I am working on.
Roughly 95 Silver Morgans 1921
Some drunk purchases and some old favorites.
Can someone tell me what kind of coin this is?
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my anol
My mother has a collection of 150+ coins which belonged to my late grandfather. Are they of any significance or value?
can anyone please tell me what kinda coin this is. also if it is even a coin.
Hey /r/ coins! I started a coin collection a few weeks ago. Here is what I have so far.
The Coin that started my collection. 18860 Morgan
Asian coin my father brought back from Japan or Korea postwars. He was an interpreter (English/Japanese/Chinese) so I'm not sure where it's from. Can anyone help?
Mark Twain gold arrived (X-Post with /r/silverbugs)
Mystery Coin. Think it was found in North Africa by my Great Grandpa during WWII. Sorry about the bad quality, can't focus properly.
A first for me: the author of the book I bought included a signed letter
[PC] 1826 liberty cent, very bad condition
Can anyone identify?
Help identify these coins please
Coin collecting instagram pages.
Found in a till today so far
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..naa
CRH in Canada. Found 12 Indian Head Pennies and 12 Wheat Pennies and two older Canadian Pennies.
I made my groomsmen some cuff-links for my wedding coming up. I thought you guys would appreciate them.
Looking to buy a custom/personalised coin for my friend [Australia]
This weekends register finds!
Reminder - Upcoming NGC and PCGS Group Submission
Pattern Collectors: Dealt/Owned/Own an unlisted one?
2016 has been good for register finds so far...horrible condition 1917 buffalo nickel, a silver nickel, and an uncirculated-looking 1951-d wheat penny.
Anyone happen to know what kind of coin this is? Any info would be appropriated.
With every new purchase my love for old Mexican coinage grows
Unalike Senator's, my '79-S isn't getting reholdered until it's pried from my cold, dead hands.
2016 is off to a good start!
Christmas money well spent at the pawn shop today in first purchase of the year! That'll probably be it for spending until college graduation in May.
Lovely quarters.
SEALED APMEX BAR 1 OZ .999 FINE SILVER. FREE SHIPPING!!!
Forward facing portrait coins?
Does anyone have an excellent way of cracking slabs?
Large Gold Ducat Austria Original Mint Year 1914, .986 gold-13.96 gr., 40 mm
1886 $1 NGC MS 63, Just back from CAC with a Sticker
Thanks Moon. These aren't even the nice ones, they were just a throw in.
Can somebody help me ID this asian token?
Here's a Recent Raw Purchase of Mine: 1879-S Morgan Dollar
US Type Montage - Coin Talk in 4K - 9+ minutes of relaxing music and purdy coins. Enjoy
Something for all of you American Colonial enthusiasts - O’Brien Rare Coin Guide: The American Colonial Coins of Lord Baltimore
Came into a gaggle of Morgans. Anything special here? (I'm pretty sure they are mostly just common ones)
What is the least damaging / best way to clean a coin?
Harmful to store coins in wood?
Old Coin - Anyone have any info on it? Found in Grandfathers collection...
Type Set (Parts, anyway)
Was gifted a few coins, not a collector. Are they rare or valuable? Sorry if bad quality
1968 D Lincoln Penny Error ID
Looking for some help with my recent pick up
Ancient (golden) coin
(Grade Request) 1856-O Seated Half
Some coins I found while looking through my Dad's stuff.
Update: 1850 Liberty $20, bought for $102K, sells for $6K (Update to post 'Why You Should Never Clean Your Coins)
From my dad's collection. Not 1907 but still pretty cool
1968 D Lincoln Penny Error Id
I'm so lucky to get gift cards by just few taps! Wanna be lucky too? Use my referral code: bf016c8 to get 20 bonus coins.
What is this worth?
Any good shops in or near Avondale, AZ?
What is this coin/badge that came with my mint sets?
Possible valuable silver 1700' real. Could someone confirm, please? Any thoughts on authenticity is greatly appreciated as well. Bought it for ~$10.
My ~2000 years old coin
Why is this quarter so shiny?
Grandfathers collection
dumb question about grading: If I have an NGC graded coin and I want it crossed into a PCGS, does NGC delete the coin from their census+picture or will it be counted twice, once at each service?
Coins from an old fountain
Help me identify these?
I could use some help identifying and ancient (x/post)
What is this coin? Found in backyard. Believe says "one cent canada 191-"
Saved this from my father's change tonight.
Not that special, but here's my first coin finds of 2016. Not to shabby of a start.
1984 Silver Australian $1 Coin? Might be struck on ten cent? Can't find any info online.
Found some cool coins in at my grandpas house today! (Bottom left is a buffalo nickel)
Any idea if this is a defect or not? 1987-P Dime, other side looks fine
1937 Japanese Puppet States 2 Jiao. Can I have some info about it and its value?
What coin is this?
If you could tell a beginner coin collector one thing, what would you tell him/her?
1877-S Seated Quarter grading help
1857 Eagle cent on ebay looks strange to me....
1824 Brazil 960 reis struck over an 1815 Argentina 8R
Need a little help identifying this little coin.
What do I have here? Found at work but looks fake. I have no clue what it could be.
First attempt at at macro focus stacking of a coin.
The perks of working for an international company...
Can someone tell me about my Buffalo Nickel?
Head advice for buying coin collecting supplies.
2016 Panda 1oz Silver question
West point mint circulated coins?
Irish Coin Collectors Survey - 10 quick questions and 100% anonymous for a Masters level academic research project. Please take the survey or pass the link on to someone you know that collects Irish coins or banknotes.
Is this worth getting graded Filled in grease die? (1996 JFK half)
Huzzah! My 1879-S Morgan got a "+" upgrade from NGC...and hi-resolution photos!
This is the first war nickel I found CRH, I'd like to get it graded, how do I do this?
My latest Peace Dollar addition - 1925 MS66+ CAC
Unusual Morgan Toning?
Not really a big deal or anything but after almost 4 years of searching the drawer, rolls, and carwash money I've finally found a P Chaco Culture quarter
I just found this at el pollo loco and new to coins. Is this 1908 penny special or just a penny?
Roughly 490 Silver Morgans 1921.
Can you ID this Mystery Coin?
can anyone please tell me what kinda coin this is. also if it is even a coin.
I like steel pennies
Can anyone identify my Mystery Coin?
Already got my two GSA's back from the group sub. Thanks /u/dynwyrm!
Different color 1992 penny?
Paid $80 for a 1904-O MS64 Morgan according to the old ANACS holder...took one look at the insane luster and lack of marks + toning and paid the full MS64 price on the spot...MS64...sure ANACS...sure....just scored me a deal :). Do you all agree?
I am having difficulty finding the conversion to USD for this coin, can you help me out?
I found this beauty in the register yesterday
Base vacant woman 22 old+ for anonim meetings in USA, Canada, UK and other. Who need to test, hungry girl ID: inltgag
The coin that started my collection. 1886O Morgan
While going through my late grandmother's old pennies, I found these. Mint error? Or something else?
Mint Sets and Grading
1976, 74, 71 $1 coins
Should I get these graded?
Finally decided to go through the mess that is my amateur collection.
How Ancient Greeks &amp; Romans Made Coins
Re-Imaged My Entire Toned Roosie Collection With My New Macro Lens, Here's a Tease. 1963 Roosevelt Dime PCGS Proof-67 DDR FS802
Some of my recent raw foreign silver pickups!
Need help figuring out what the this is? 1964 Japan is about all I can figure out. Thanks!
I have never loved a modern coin so much...modern, non-American, non-denominational gimmick-sized silver...I must have a fever...that...or the amazing design and insanely low mintage wins me over - 2014 5oz Proof Libertad - Mintage 800 (worthless large cent for reference)
Purchase ancient coins from the top companies at reasonable fares
The second Silver coin in a series I did the designs for just released!
Guess today is all about showing Morgans? Couldn't resist so here is my addition: 1898 PCGS Proof 65 CAM
1757 8 Reales from eBay (Question in comments)
Went to the NYC International Numismatics Convention and picked this up...any info on it?
hi guys can someone identify this coin? i just got this from a facebook group. just helping the owner identifying it.
Scottish Rite Southern Jurisdiction challenge coins
The Irish ‘Regal’ Coinage of George IV
Pesos Cuba Silver Proof Coins Fauna del Caribe 5 OZ
1914 British Gold Sovereign - Any idea of history and value?
What is one of your favorite coins in your collection that you got for under $100?
[Question] Third Reich gold
ANA Membership for Young Numismatists
I'm interested in collecting coins. Where do I start?
Dating Site For Sex! ) Find Your Love for sex! my ansa
Halfway through my first ever box of nickels..finally get my first AND second war nickel!
Amatuer collector just wanted to show some of the rarer coins I've found in my registers at work
Celtic Coin Index: 28,000 records &amp; images of celtic coins.
The Celtic Coins Index: 28,000 images + records of Celtic Coins
How many wheaties and Indian heads do you all have?
Canadian mint and free shipping?
Help with Eisenhower Dollar
Forgery Alert: Ireland 1943 Halfcrown
Found this 1999 - P Delaware Quarter at work today with a strange stamp on the back next to the horses left leg. It had a different shine to it then any other state quarter I've seen. Any opinions on it?
Did I just waste $500? I know nothing about gold, or coins, just bought it based on someone's word.
Grade Request - 1891 CC Morgan Silver Dollar
Can anyone tell me what coin is that?
1994-D Roosevelt Dime with 100° die rotation - any precedent on what it might be worth?
Need help with a recent pick up
Need help with grading
What do I do with these?
The grading Gods were good to me at FUN - Got my 1894 upgraded from an NGC MS 61
Looks even better in hand! Received my 1899 Proof 67 CAM Barber yesterday.
Coins my chinese grandmother gave me. Hopefully someone here can identify them?
PSA: Photo Slide Holder cases work for coins too!
Where to look?
Reputable online coin sellers?
I have 80 copper pennies. Roughly 248.8g
Is this 1953 Canadian nickel an NSF Far?
O’Brien Coin Price Guide 2016: Irish Coinage of George III
Australian pre-decimal coins (full set)
American coins for sale in 2015
Need help identifying a year/face value of this Chinese cash coin for my collection.
Went to the shop and picked up my first 1800's coin! Nothing crazy but special to me :)
Found by my daughter
1940D Nickel error? Never seen this one. Seems to have a extra mint mark above the s in 'five cents'.
1946 Roosevelt Dime Album With Macro Pictures
Grandfather's coins (4 coins) - any sources?
LCS recommendations in the DC area?
British Sterling £50 Silver Coin (2015) Question regarding value.
Looking to buy proof sets from the US Mint
Wartime Nickel Set (1942-1945) is now complete!
I got back into this hobby not too long ago, and today I'm feeling really good about this find.
Any suggestions for magnifiers to view coins?
Ancient Spanish Coins
what's up with this steel cent?
An 1895 Morgan Dollar (Story and more in comments)
Is this money real/valuable/worth $3?
[Metacoins]Base of unmarried women 21+. Faster. Link activ 45 min!
Are bicentennial half dollars worth keeping?
Storing Your Numismatic Items
Bulk Coin appraisal?
Damn. Someone scratched up these coins.
Bringing a collection over the border?
CAC Results - Coin Talk in 4K
Found metal detecting...any ideas? Super heavy, nonmetallic
[X-post] Regarding PCGS vs NCG graded coin values. I did a quick analysis in excel (google drive link). What do you think?
EURO COIN SILVER PROOF NETHERLANDS WEDDING PRINZ WILLEM ALEXANDER MAXIMA
Found these Silver beauties in a bin full of foreign world coins that I purchased off a guy. He told me there was no silver, but he was very wrong! Also found some Canadian large cents, including one key date! I paid $15 for the bin. Did I do good?
First purchase of the new year thought I would start it off with a bang
New Britain coins To Feature Shakespeare And Beatrix Potter | Latest World Trends
The US Mint takes the cake for world's ugliest design - Mamie Eisenhower Gold Commemorative
Found these in my late grandmother's collecton, possible mint error? Regular penny for reference.
Some stuff I picked up at Canton Trade Days..
Sourcing uncirculated Eagle-back Quarters in bulk?
Finally found a Bust Half that was mint state, fully struck, had good eye appeal and was in my budget! Added to Reddit Coins Type set: 1827 Bust Half Dollar - MS62
I put my camera to the test. How'd I do?
Buying School Lunch Payed Off Today
Found at my Grandmas house.
Finished off the Gould Inc. Small Dollar Pattern set I have been working on.
1968 D lincoln Error ID
SEALED APMEX BAR 1 OZ .999 FINE SILVER!!! FREE SHIPPING!!!
Would anyone care to help grade 2 coins of mine?
Found a few 2.5 dollar gold coins in the register at work
For anyone interested in the new 2016 circulating commemorative coins from the UK - especially UK residents willing to ship coins overseas. (Also anyone who has a coin-related business or service they'd like to promote.)
Help identifying a coin? (X-post from r/EuroCoin)
Does anyone have any info about this 19th century Russian coin? Story in text.
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:satgtsailtagaaaldgdgat
Help identifying/rough value on a coin for a friend
Picked up this 1939 nickel QDR FS-802 NGCS MS67 Pop 1/0
Can anyone help me identify these coins? Years, country and denomination. Thanks!
Is anybody able to put a grade to this?
Found in my Grandfather's belongings. What is it? (x-post from r/whatisthisthing
[Penny] Coin Roll Hunting Find. Real/Fake?
Since 79-S $1 seem to be everywhere, I'll repost mine for fun.
First purchase of 2016. One of my best deals ever.
New additions to my aussie collection
Kisatchie US quarters
Does anyone know what type of coin this is?
Has anyone heard from /u/born_lever_puller recently? I hope he comes back...
Random inherited coin/bill collection
2004, 2005, 2006 nickels.
1905 Indian Head Penny. Possible Error?
Is this half in this condition worth anything?
Ive been collecting coins for 20 years, this is what I have so far.
One step closer to completing the set! (1907 Saint)
Is the dime on the right silver?
help attributing two spanish reals from FUN last weekend
Niobium Silver Bimetallic Coins Austria Complete Issue Year 2003-2015
This coin is part of a family collection that has been passed down for many generations. Anyone know what it is?
I love auctions.
Register finds for the past two weekends
I have a 1992 "close am" Lincoln penny, After looking online it's very rare, And could be worth a lot what do I do?
Amateur Collector - Advice on buying new coins
Anyone know what this coin is? ?
Hey, I'm Ammy and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
This is a fairly significant "Greased Filled Die Error"!
New microscope, here are some of the pictures i've taken!
Golden Puerto Rico quarter that I found in the register today.
Found this among my mother's things... Thoughts?
Won't you like to get gifts every time you're bored? Use my referral code: da2320d to get 20 bonus coins.
Would these be worth slabbing?
Inherited some coins from my grandma who was a coin collector, curious about why this penny 1970 is in a case. Is it uncirculated or something else?
World coin videos
Any idea? Any help identifying would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
Curios about a coin my grandfather gave me.
What has been your favorite find or purchase in your time of coin collecting?
Got this in my change today.
Grade Request for rare(ish) GSA Morgan b4 possible NGC submission
Can someone help me out with this coin? I could only find one other coin with the same front, but it had Guam on the back, not the virgin islands.
Are all 1959 Indian Head pennies this size and shape?
Mount Rushmore coins
My girlfriend works at a bank and picked all of this up for face value for me!
$20 Canadian Superman Silver Coin.
This weekend's coin show pickups
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [coins]
Some US coins I acquired recently
Does anyone recognize this coin and how old it is? [x-post from r/whatisthisthing]
Just discovered /r/coins! Here's my collection...
Can anyone identify this mystery coin for me?
This mixes my two favorite things horology and numismatics! I need $7500.
Just bought these babies from a coin shop
Has anyone heard from /u/born_level_puller? It has been a while since he has posted anything on reddit...
Tips/How to get into coin collecting?
Does Anyone Know What This Coin Is?
How to tell small/large bead silver Canadian dollar.
[ID Request]Need help identifying this silver coin
How to remove paper from coins?
Thought it was neat having almost a century's worth of U.S. coin types in one picture
Acquired my first silver Zombuck and 2oz Turtle recently! (ft Space Queen)
Variety Sotlight 2016 Flying Eagle
New pickup, I have never come across one before. 1943 unstruck steel cent planchet.
5 oz Mount Rushmore NP 2013 John M Mercanti SP70 For Sale.
SEALED APMEX BAR 1 OZ .999 FINE SILVER!!! ⋆ BidsFaster
Canadian Silver Dollar? (1966)
I have a coin from german reich with year stamp 1925, how can that be?
Great Grandpa's old coins (from Germany) - approximate value?
Just found while counting my registers at work
Do you think people will hoard (collect) memorial pennies the same way we do wheat pennies in 50 years? 1982 aside...
A friend just brought me this one back.
[ID Help!!] No country markings or year of mint. Not sure if brass or gold. Image of coin's back in comments. Indian Head Penny for size comparison
[ID Request] Grandfather's coins ~ any sources?
My Cal Gold piece population 1
Is a 1934 walking liberty worth $10 in circulated condition?
1908 silver Korean 20 Chon from a recent Seoul LCS stop.
Can anyone tell me anything about the Order of Owls? (not my picture but I have this coin)
Strange Pennies (middle for reference)
A coin found by my friend in his backyard. Looks it's made of gold but we haven't checked it yet. We tried to google it for any information but with no success. Location Europe, Serbia. Please help.
Mom died, bunch of cool old cousin s, but have no idea about this one...
Grade Request - 1891 CC Morgan Silver Dollar
Found 1 oz gold American Eagle Coin
Papal coin gallery now online
Reccomendations on where to store coins
A few of my favorite coins
Collecting US State coins
Advice needed regarding 20th century American coins!
Thoughts on this 1969-S penny?
Free coin imaging!
Got this one in my change today.
Went through 4 Boxes of Nickels! BEST FINDS EVER!!!
Are there any good sources to readily identify Islamic coins like this one?
a little too worn out to be worth anything? don't really know what year it is.
Best $5 I've ever spent outside my shop
Can someone tell me the value of this coin if any?
1879-S Morgans You Say? Recently picked up this prooflike superb gem in an old NGC holder - a huge upgrade from my previous MS64 79-S. Sending it back in to NGC for reconsideration and a new unscratched edge view slab. I think its DMPL and maybe could get 67+. Will report back!
Great Grandpa's coins (from India), hoping for advice and approximate value
Bought at a flea market. Know anything about it?
