Depop might be the 'gentler' way to face the inevitable, although I don't think it actually exists.
Once a collapse sets now, there is no coming back.
Basically there are only two choices - 99% dies and the remaining 1% reach a higher level of civilization and to the stars, or everyone dies in a dark age
It is No Longer OK
The Overpopulation Podcast: 3rd Episode Now Available!
Dow could drop 80% from Recent High, Jamie Dimon now Billionaire
Ocean warming underestimated, study finds
Congo giraffes on brink of extinction say conservationists
LifeItself: The Way We Were
Schadenfreude Fail - WSJ mockingly posts a 1998 quote about peak oil that may turn out accurate
This Is How Toxic Flint’s Water Really Is (Some Household Readings Meet the EPA Definition for Toxic Waste)
VICE: Our Rising Oceans (Season 3, Episode 1)
The Role of Technology
According to scientists, a storm the likes of which few have ever seen is about to raise north pole temperatures to as high as 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Arctic Is Melting And Big Business Is Chomping At The Bit To Dig In
China's Lehman Moment Far Worse Than 2008.
Collapse video game: "This War of Mine", 2014
Apocalypse now: Our incessant desire to picture the end of the world
California natural gas leak just one of thousands across country
How the Zika virus's ability to spread in the US is 'remarkably easy': All it takes is for an already infected person to be bitten by a species of carrier mosquito, which thrive in the south.
David Stockman delivers a concise assessment of the current state of global markets on CNBC. Host: 'That's like, your opinion, man.'
Davos: How the rich have only got richer since 2000 | World Politics | News
Enrollment in Obamacare health insurance slower than expected
Report: The World Will Run out of Breathable Air Unless Carbon Is Cut
Yet Another Fabricated Jobs Report — Paul Craig Roberts
Argentina Scrambles to Fight Biggest Plague of Locusts in 60 Years (xpost /r/farming)
The word “biodiversity” is employed once in the Paris agreement’s 32 pages. There is no mention of extinction.
Rail Shipments Plummet to Recessionary Levels
A Closer Look at OPEC - Peak Oil Barrel
Tasmania’s electricity woes
2015 - the highest temperature for any 12-month period on record
US govt activates emergency bird flu plan
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [collapse]
Oswald Spengler - Decline of the West (1918)
A sign of things to come: Flint toxic water tragedy points directly to Michigan Gov. Snyder
Vice Reporting water crises in India
Cassandra's Legacy: Climate Change and the Horse Manure Catastrophe
Sustainable city development?!? Cities around the world have only one generation to meet the twin challenges of climate change and a rapidly growing urban population, the head of a global engineering firm has warned.
Growing medicine shortage in the Netherlands. 426 medicines unavailable in 2013, vs 527 in 2014 and 625 in 2015.
New study shows that northern freshwaters are critical emitters of methane and could increase their emissions 20% to 50% before century's end due to longer ice-free seasons in combination with permafrost thaw, causing further positive feedbacks.
As Mein Kampf returns to Germany, the world is again awash with hatred | Paul Mason
The Billion-Dollar Shack: Nauru runs out of natural resources and is then left to figure out how to support itself
World heritage forests burn as global tragedy unfolds in Tasmania
After a 400-year population boom, we need to reconnect with the sun
Across Europe, more people are dying than being born
The majority of India’s urban sewage is never treated: "The untreated sewage is dumped directly into water bodies, polluting three-fourth of India’s surface water resources, the FSM report said. Up to 80% of water bodies could be polluted, the report said."
Wal-Mart to close 269 stores as it retools fleet
Scientists Say Humans Have Now Brought on an Entirely New Geologic Epoch
The racism of technological progress
March 1989 geomagnetic storm
Arctic seed vault 'key to future global crops'
Future Of The Hawaiian Islands May Be Destabilized To Its Core
The Myth of Self Reliance
Sum up the year 2015 OWE
Welcome to the Anthropocene: Five Signs Earth Is in a Man-Made Epoch
In Homage to the Middle Ages, UK Power Station Plans to Burn An Additional 2.4 Tons of Wood
When Will peak Civilization occur?
Middle of winter - pocket in greenland +3.5C
Deadly virus, California Flu leaked, 20 dead and 200 infected so far. Ukraine
Europe on the verge of collapse: Soros
Retail Sales in U.S. Decrease to End Weakest Year Since 2009
Detroit in Decay: Rats, roaches, mold – poor conditions leads to teacher sickout, closure of most Detroit schools
Gеt frее wеbcam shоw! Just fоr rеgistеrеd usеrs, and plеasе, 19+.
New Statistical Analysis: ' the odds are vanishingly small that 13 out of the 15 warmest years ever measured would all have happened in the current, still young century.'
Desperate Times in the Oil Patch: Saudis Consider Selling Oil Interests
Climate change: Cereal harvests across the world 'fall by 10% in 50 years'
Ian Welsh: 2015 In Review
This post made me immediately think of /r/collapse - Don't forget morale: Boardgames, especially RPGs
Is the next recession on the way? Here’s everything you need to know about the market’s oil collapse
“Doomsday Seed Vault” in the Arctic - Bill Gates, Rockefeller and the GMO giants know something we don’t
The U.S. Is At The Center Of The Global Economic Meltdown
Half of US shale drillers may go bankrupt
Salamanders are the unsung heroes of the forests. And they're under attack.
Siberian Arctic leads the way in 'revolutionary' Northern Hemisphere warming - Average temperatures [..] 4C to 5C higher
S. Africa: Crop failure, heatstroke deaths as worst recorded drought continues. 32 temperature records already broken this year.
Decades long H&amp;S top in DJI
Sell everything ahead of stock market crash, say RBS economists
Bakken - Single Well Economics
Massive Pacific heat ‘blob’ breaking up, but that may not be good news
The Birth Of The PetroYuan (In 2 Pictures)
Chinese markets close stock market for the day after shares plunge more than 7%!
Here's a fun one... WWIII?
BBC - Schlumberger cuts 10,000 jobs as oil price slump continues
Warming Indian Ocean is ‘an ecological desert in the making’
The Shipping News Says the World Economy is Toast
Arctic methane emissions ‘greater’ than previous estimates
Drought Threatens California’s Ecosystem
"The Imminent Collapse of Civilization" by Alberto Embriz de Salvatierra
Germans have suddenly developed a mysterious taste for hot sauce
Google AI Beats Top Human At The Game Of God
The Future and the Near-Death Experience
Vaquita Porpoises Could Go Extinct In Just Two Years
The ONLY Thing You Can Do About Collapse, But Won't.
When the economy, and the wealth gap started to occour
(just for fun) What country is it? US, Canada, Brazil, UK, France, Greece, India etc., etc.? Here is the quote, you guess which country it refers to -
There will be no revolutions during collapse/futurology
Any good articles on the economic impact when we near and then hit the end of Moore's Law?
More people now die from air pollution than malaria and HIV combined.
Two Contentious Articles on Human Overpopulation
Parsing James Howard Kunstler's reactionary-peak-politics as progressive-bucolic-fascism.
ClubOrlov: The Future is Blivets
Social dumping - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
What Chinese Market Turmoil Tells Us About 2016
First U.S. Case of Zika Reported as Virus Is "Spreading Explosively"
After Ebola, two other tropical diseases pose new threats
The Dow Falls Another 364 Points And We Are Now Down 2200 Points From The Peak Of The Market
SuperSnowStorm Jonas: Snowmageddon 1
Top 20 Reasons why population growth was abandoned by environmental groups
Lord Rothschild: Dark Clouds Forming in Europe, Russia and Middle East
Wall Street Kicks Off 2016 With a Faceplant
The World Is Hemorrhaging Methane, and Now We Can See Where
Debunking Gail Tverberg's claim that weak personal incomes are the cause of collapse
American Democracy Down for the Count
Venezuela is on the brink of a complete economic collapse
The End of Economic Growth
BHP Billiton takes £5bn writedown on US oil assets as price slump takes toll
Iran adds half a million barrels of oil to already oversaturated market...
War Between Saudi Arabia And Iran Could Send Oil Prices To $250
Pray for Calamity: The Complexity of Simple
Texas Oil and Gas Production Declining
Neglect May Do What ISIS Didn’t: Breach Iraqi Dam [500,000 people could be killed]
Lawfare - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Oil Pricequake - Political Turmoil in a Time of Low Energy Prices
Half of the Norwegian Population [OC] • /r/dataisbeautiful
Of Energy Slaves and Fake Outrage
Financial markets hit by global unease
Did Egypt’s Old Kingdom Die—or Simply Fade Away?
The Climate Crisis at the North Pole
'Hail Mary' techno-fixes? Facing impending death from cancer &amp; knowing firsthand the challenges &amp; anthropogenic devastation awaiting humans, director of NASA's Earth Sciences Piers Sellers, says he doubts warming can be limited to 2°C: "...it will be up to the engineers &amp; industrialists to save us."
China Halts Stock Trading After 7% Rout Triggers Circuit Breaker
Tuna stocks face collapse if nations do not act
Economic Activity Is Slowing Down Much Faster Than The Experts Anticipated
[Clive P. Maund] Charting the crash to define exactly where we are on the market clock
Douglas Rushkoff: Humans Are Developing an Always-On 'Sleep Mode'
Google Chairman Thinks AI Can Help Solve Overpopulation...
Today's Slaves Often Work For Enterprises That Destroy The Environment
The frontiers of energy : Nature Energy
The North Dakota Crude Oil That's Worth Less Than Nothing
A lead poisoning scandal has struck a second US town, with schools closed Monday in Sebring, Ohio, and the water treatment plant operator accused of falsifying reports.
Chinese stock market forced to close mid-day after shares plunge more than 7%!
"Commerce Has Come To A Halt"
global population arable land per capita
Climate Change Preparedness map for United States
Low-lying Bangladesh targets jump in coal use: The aim is to increase coal’s share of electricity output from 2% to 50% by 2030.
Human-made Climate Change Suppresses the Next Ice Age (And then, this will officially become the Anthropocene)
Hey, I'm Rimma and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
The Coming Era of Financial Triage
Davos Boss: concerned [with] “a substantial social breakdown” [and] “unexpected consequences”
﻿While Global Temperatures Rise, the Poor Burn Faster
Dead Mall Series
Doomsday Clock: Scientists to announce humanity is closer to apocalypse than ever before!
63% of Americans Can't Afford $500 Car Repair or $1,000 Emergency Room Visit
"We were destroying the planet for future generations, all so that we could enjoy a short lifetime full of material possessions that in many cases were hardly used, rarely necessary and easily forgotten."
Germany on the Brink
The Entropy Law and the Economic Process: Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen's magnum opus in which he argues that all natural resources are irreversibly degraded when put to use in economic activity, the carrying capacity of Earth will be degraded, and global economic collapse is unavoidable.
Growing number of PSU students seeking 'sugar daddies' to pay for education
http://www.theeventchronicle.com/news/north-america/stocking-up-for-troubled-times-americans-return-to-tradition-of-prepping-for-the-unforeseen/
'This is a mini-Chernobyl': LA County supervisor on California methane leak
Google’s chairman [Eric Schmitdt] thinks artificial intelligence will let scientists solve some of the world’s "hard problems," like population growth, climate change, human development, and education.
Now is the time to buy silver
Another extreme
Paul Beckwith: Arctic Ocean Blowtorch Attacks Sea-Ice
Oil price crash means petrol could become cheaper than bottled water
This is What Economic Austerity Looks Like: Flint Doctor Mona Hanna-Attisha on How She Fought Gov’t Denials to Expose Poisoning of City’s Kids
This book looks fun!
Married 6 years, I'm tired of it... I do not want to have fun? [collapse]
Conversations with Great Minds - Guy McPherson / Human Extinction in our Lifetime?
Gail Tverberg: Something Has Got To Break - 1hr Podcast with Chris Martenson
The death of the Alberta dream - Macleans.ca
Earth is 'experiencing a global warming spurt'
Art-Tell: Global Panic is Here
China’s Hunger for Commodities Wanes, and Pain Spreads Among Producers (Who Buy Less 'Made in China' and the Spiral Descends)
Eating Meat Is The #1 Cause Of Collapse
What’s Eroding the Middle Class?
$3.17 TRILLION wiped off global stocks so far this year
Chinese Stocks in Hong Kong Fall to Global Financial Crisis Lows - “Overall sentiment is very bad in Hong Kong.”
Plastic Now Pollutes Every Corner of Earth
China Day 1: Monumental Destruction
India lifts ban on lentil linked to paralysis in order to cut legume imports
The Fed Engineered the Bull Market
Venezuela Default Imminent
Oil price falls below $28 a barrel, or less than the cost of an actual barrel | Business News | News
Perfect Storm Market Collapse 2016 (2015-12-31 CrushTheStreet)
Caterpillar (Economic Bellwether) closing 5 plants, cutting 670 jobs
Temperatures Continue to Plunge in Northern Thailand (x-post r/weather)
What will come after the collapse?
The Dow Falls Another 364 Points And We Are Now Down 2200 Points From The Peak Of The Market
World war 3 timeline
VIDEO: Stock Market Collapse of 2016: What You Need to Know!
OPEC, except for Iran, Has Peaked - Peak Oil Barrel
We will need over 1 billion tons of rare metals to produce enough solar for half of all electricity - every 25 years.
Not the most traditional collapse, but noteworthy all the same.
‘World economy is skating on thin ice’
The Anthropocene is functionally and stratigraphically distinct from the Holocene
Drug overdoses are driving up the death rate of young white adults in the United States to levels not seen since the end of the AIDS epidemic more than two decades ago.
Record Average of 93,671,000 Americans Not in Labor Force in 2015
'WORSE THAN 2007': Top banker warns of looming wave of worldwide bankruptcies that will test social and political stability
x-post from r/pics - "Wal-Mart Shutdown, Bedford OH"
Post Financial Dystopia
Krugman: "The Rise and Fall of American Growth"
20 Dead, 200 Hospitalized After Reports US Lab "Leaks" Deadly Virus In Ukraine
Big banks brace for oil loans to implode
Germany's Merkel: Refugees must return home once war is over
Big US banks reveal oil price damage
The Financial Crisis Of 2016 Rolls On – China, Oil, Copper And Junk Bonds All Continue To Crash
good article about living through russian collapse. NOT D.orlov
Iran's oil ministry issued an order to increase production by 500,000 barrels a day as the country moved ahead with plans to add supply to a glutted market even at the risk of contributing to a price collapse.
Future Economists Will Probably Call This Decade the 'Longest Depression' : Economics
Oklahoma has experienced a “millennium’s worth” of earthquakes over the past two years, likely due to wastewater disposal from fracking operations.
Financial Collapse: Imminent?
China trading halt sparks 3% fall for Europe shares - "2016 could see a global financial crisis"
Arthur Berman: Why The Price Of Oil Must Rise
The Company Behind LA's Methane Disaster Knew Its Well Was Leaking 24 Years Ago
Global Warming in Your Yard and Garden
Is 2016 The Year Of The Dollar Collapse?
Is 2016 the year when the world tumbles back into economic crisis?
Antibiotic Resistance: The End of Modern Medicine?
How 1 million Manchurians ruled 300 million Chinese - a manual for avoiding collapse
The Fed's Stunning Admission Of What Happens Next - The Collapse is real!
Global Warming Helped Exacerbate Biggest Year Ever for U.S. Wildfires
Climate change begins dismantling Costa Rica's treasured Monteverde cloud forest
Lithium, an increasingly precious metal
Apple has dumped $100B in market value in past month
Stock markets plunge as investors fear global economic slowdown - FTSE 100 [..] has fallen more than 20%
45 Whales Die on Indian Shore
Small towns devastated: must drive 50 miles to get groceries. walmart shuts down local businesses through competition then leaves towns.
Power Collapse Cheat Sheet
Does a collapse have to be catastrophic? Is a "political" collapse and revolution possible?
Why Biofuels Aren't Working Out, Despite a Decade of Investment | MIT Technology Review
Ka-boom Goes the Bottom of the US Bond Market
TIL that in 1979, an unknown group of people paid for the erection of the "Georgia Guidestones", 6 granite slabs that instruct the survivors of an apocalyptic scenario how to rebuild a better world. : todayilearned
Homesteading family aim to make it through winter without a trip to the grocery store • /r/homestead
What’s Next for Oil: Whiplash
Mother Nature's Invisible Hand Strikes Back Against the Carbon Economy
Fears grow of repeat of 2008 financial crash as investors run for cover
United States Power Grid Attacked Every Four Days - Nationwide Blackout Highly Expected To Happen
This subreddit is like a bad car accident... It's completely depressing, but I can't stop looking.
Fork the Economy
Report: Robots, other advances will cost humans 5.1 million jobs by 2020
When The Economy Crashes Parts Of America Will Resemble A 3rd World Country: Peter Schiff
Extracted – How the Quest for Mineral Wealth is Plundering the Planet: Review
Some of the world’s top climate scientists have launched a blistering attack on the Paris climate deal and warn that geoengineering is our last hope: “Other things being equal I’m not a great fan of geo-engineering but I think it absolutely necessary given the situation we’re in."
Industrial output, an economic and oil-demand indicator
How do you cope with the possibility of dying soon?
Collapse and Futurology - two sides of the same coin
OPEC Economies On Their Last Legs
Subsidising greenhouse gases: it's cheaper to fly all over Europe than to take a short train ride in the UK.
The Zika virus foreshadows our dystopian climate future - Bill McKibben
No-Holds-Barred Price War Brings Gas Down To 47 Cents In Michigan
How the World Went from 170 million People to 7.3 Billion, in One Map
Lost at Sea: Carbon Dioxide Levels in Oceans May Soon Disorientate Fish
Tunisian youths demand 'jobs or another revolution' in fresh clashes
How Long Can Oceans Continue To Absorb Earth’s Excess Heat? [March '15]
Nuclear weapons risk greater than in cold war, says ex-Pentagon chief
Nevada solar industry collapses after state lets power company raise fees
Efforts to Plug Massive California Gas Leak Risk a Complete Blowout and Explosion
How do people who feel that current socioeconomic system collapse learn to cope with it and not get into feelings of utter depression and hopelessness?
Is Britain facing a debt disaster?
LongNow talk tonight in SF: Eric Cline 1177 B.C: When Civilization Collapsed
Power generation could take a big hit from climate change: Changes to water temperature, availability affect hydroelectric, thermoelectric power plants
The Melting Arctic's Dramatic Impact on Global Weather Patterns (xpost r/DeepGreenResistance)
Ron Paul, Lew Rockwell, Bob Murphy, Corrie Stephens, Jeff Deist: Mises Circle Live Stream 10:00AM @ Houston Marriott South Hobby Airport [xpost from r/Houston]
Collapse friends?
Will we make it through 2016?
The stock market just did something it's done only 3 other times in the past 100 years — and it's not good
Archdruid Report: Donald Trump and the Politics of Resentment
Will Our Children Really Not Know Economic Growth? Larry Summers: 'I wish that I could convincingly rebut his claims.'
Global unemployment numbers to hit almost 200 million in 2016
HIV epidemic in Russia reaches tipping point
Thailand to drill 4,300 wells as drought hits hard
Top US General in Iraq Warns Mosul Dam Could Collapse
131 years of temperature data • /r/WeatherGifs
Crude at $10 Already a Reality for Canadian Oil-Sands Miners
European Gun Sales Soar On Refugee Fears As "Racist Vikings" Prowl Finland's Streets
Chinese share trading halt sends cold ripples across Asian markets - "back in a world of currency wars"
2016: The Year the Oil Era Enters Terminal Decline
The U.S. Military on Peak Oil and Climate Change
How 150,000 people were saved in the Mediterranean
Rob Kirby - We Are Very Close to the End
Man-made disaster: Flint, Michigan drinking water poisoned with lead pollution by cost slashing measures leaves countless children ill with skin lesions and longterm brain damage
Pray for Calamity: The Humiliated Masses
Current pace of environmental change is unprecedented in Earth’s history
We Have Officially Run Out Of Greater Fools
Stephen hawking: most threats to humans come from science and technology
Possible new low/storm forming near greenland, potential to push more warm air to arctic.
The Dark Side of Clean Energy in Mexico:"Clean energy is part of the continuous exponential economic growth of capital."
This Buddhist monk is an unsung hero in the world's climate fight
2015 saw a record 2.5% increase in renewables generation in Europe, which now makes up 29% of total European electricity supply. However, emissions fell only 0.5% vs 7.5% in '14.
Mitch Feierstein: Total Economic Collapse Coming In 2016
How Close Are We to 'Dangerous' Planetary Warming?
Oil Sold for -$0.50 per Barrel. A Negative Price!
It’s January and a Tropical Storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean
Dirt Cheap Labour for Europe?
Brazil’s economy will contract more than previously forecast and is heading for the deepest recession since at least 1901 as economic activity and confidence sink amid a political crisis, a survey of analysts showed.
Are We Facing Extinction? Antibiotic Resistant Super-bugs Threaten Humanity
I will survive
This summary of the year so far (NYTimes) sounds like the realization of the beginning of the end of "normal" to me.
How drought and heat threaten global electricity supply
[Metacollapse]My ex - whore, nickname: Liza118. Search can be restered
A crude rout &amp; all those downgrades
In 2015, wildfires reach a major milestone in the U.S.: 10.12 million acres burned, the largest extent on record
If you could write a succinct paragraph on the collapse of civilization (environmental, economic, etc), what would it be?
World Bank issues 'perfect storm' warning for 2016
Even during collapse breakaway civ could still be achieved since it requires smaller energy input than many people might think.
Global heating and the dilemma of climate scientists
27 things that could cause the apocalypse
All LIfe Will End In Two Months - |
As diseases proliferate, mosquitoes becoming Public Enemy No. 1
Potash Corp. slashes dividend as earnings fall more than expected
Asia stocks hit 3-1/2-year lows as oil, China worries take toll
More than 400 facilities holding huge storehouses of natural gas get little regulatory oversight as their infrastructure ages.
Bolivia's Second Largest Lake Dries Up Because Of Global Warming
Grain body says South Africa may need to import 5 mln tonnes of maize
Health minister: Brazil is 'losing battle' against mosquito
International Rig Counts Still Falling
Interview with Chris Martensen on Financial Myth Busting podcast [Transcript]
The Anamorphic Politics of Climate Change
Being a minion to TPTB has a higher survival rate than being a hoi polloi - if they are useful they still get to work in the post-collapse world
Oil credit crunch could be worse than the housing crisis
Climate change made the UK’s record December rainfall, which caused the devastating floods, 50-75% more likely, a preliminary scientific investigation has found.
Let them eat iPhones
$1 trillion erased from stocks so far in 2016
RBS Warns: Sell Everything. RBS economists have urged investors to sell everything except high-quality bonds, warning of a “fairly cataclysmic year ahead.”
70 Tips That Will Help You Survive What Is About To Happen To America
Dow Jones index's start to 2016 worst in at least 120 years
Hey boys I'm Danika and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
TransCanada Files $15 Billion Suit Against U.S. Government Over Keystone Rejection
Renewable energy – Hope or hype? “Renewable alternatives are simply not in the cards,” says Canadian ecological economist, Bill Rees.
Canada Set To Unleash Negative Rates As Oil Patch Dies, Depression Deepens
Peter Wadhams Conference: Global Warming and Collapse of Civilization
Drug shortages in American emergency rooms have increased more than 400 percent
Are there any good documentaries about collapse?
Stephen Hawking Warns Humanity Could Destroy Itself In The Next 100 Years
Bear Market: The Average U.S. Stock Is Already Down More Than 20 Percent
Why the crisis over Flint's water could really happen anywhere in the US
Vice Reporting water crises in India
Oil price collapse continues, oil now below 35 dollars
Disasters iCal/Google Calendar.
Malayan tiger on the brink of extinction
How Zano Raised Millions on Kickstarter and Left Most Backers with Nothing | Medium
Drought tests a changed Ethiopia - More than 10 million people are now critically short of food
El Salvador Urges against Pregnancies until 2018 as Zika Virus Spreads
China shares tumble to 14-month lows as oil slips back - "another stampede driven by panic [..] no good news in sight"
'Hail Mary' techno-fixes? Facing impending death from cancer &amp; knowing firsthand the challenges &amp; anthropogenic devastation awaiting humans, director of NASA's Earth Sciences Piers Sellers, says he doubts warming can be limited to 2°C: "...it will be up to the engineers &amp; industrialists to save us."
What does todays $30 barrel of crude oil mean for engineers in the gas&amp;oil industry? : AskEngineers
There’s a chance Zika could spread to every continent except Antarctica
Soil productivity cut by climate change, making societies more marginal: studies
Nearly half of U.S. stocks are in a bear market
Billions locked in poverty by public sector corruption, report shows
Climate Deal’s First Big Hurdle: The Draw of Cheap Oil
Free all day and night, i want to have fun 22
Oil and gas collapse leaves drilling companies on life-support - Edmonton
War Tard: The Geopolitics of 2016: Oil, War, Chaos and Pathological Altruism.
(We Should Have Entered the Next Ice Age But) Mounting Evidence Suggests Early Agriculture Staved Off Global Cooling
Smart cities will be necessary for our survival
Georgia Town Teaches ‘Fight Back’ as Option in Mass Shootings
Who will save the global economy now?
First case of Zika virus reported in Arkansas
How long since you realised we're due for collapse?
What's the with the glorification of gift economies?
First finger in the dike - IMF, World Bank discuss $4 billion emergency loan to Azerbaijan, whose economy is teetering due to low oil prices
China Stocks Plunge (6.4%) to 13-Month Low = "there’s no confidence in the market now”
The Best Law Schools Are Attracting Fewer Students
Environmental Activists Continue to Face FBI Intimidation
Europe Stocks Fall to 13-Month Low as Results Stoke Global Fears
Volatility, oil and stock markets
More signs of a weakening AMOC: “The data suggest that the influx of freshwater from Greenland is accelerating, and has changed the Labrador Sea in ways that could lead to a weakening of the AMOC.”
Hydro dam boom threatens a third of the world's freshwater fish
This Is The $3.5 Trillion "Neutron Bomb" That Keeps Kyle Bass Up At Night
London breaches air pollution limit for the whole of 2016 in just over seven days.
The Rio Olympics are a mess seven months before the opening ceremony: A ballooning budget in the wake of a national economic crisis, multiple mosquito-borne diseases are spiraling out of control, sewage-infested bodies of water show no signs of improvement, souring public sentiment...
Paul Beckwith on Climate Change and Human Extinction
Pretend to the Bitter End - CFN
The Perfect Storm Is Forming In The Economy And It Will Crash Hard
The new way police are surveilling you: Calculating your threat ‘score’
Tax havens: Super-rich 'hiding' at least $21trillion - BBC News
Google AI Beats Top Human At The Game Of Go
In 2015, wildfires reach a major milestone: 10.12 million acres burned, the largest extent on record
The Zika Virus
Conspiracy Theory - Peak oil and Iran?
Bundesbank Brings Home German Gold
Why we’ve been hugely underestimating the overfishing of the oceans
A New Blog Dedicated to the Seneca Effect
Derrick Jensen: To Protect and Serve
[contrarian] 70% Decrease In Energy Storage Costs By 2030, Says Report
Oceans Will Have More Plastic Than Fish By 2050, Study Says
A 2-degree rise in global temperatures may actually cause a massive increase worldwide. Scientists have found that if emissions rates don't change, there could be a jump in temperatures by 2030.
More Signs of Winter Arctic Melt — Icebergs are Showing up off Newfoundland in January
This is what a stock market crash looks like
Gates Foundation accused of 'dangerously skewing' aid priorities by promoting 'corporate globalisation': Controversial new report calls for Bill Gates' philanthropic Foundation to undergo an international investigation
Dallas Fed Suspends Energy Mark-To-Market
The World's Poor Lose Out as Aid is Diverted to the Refugee Crisis
Some of the world’s top climate scientists have launched a blistering attack on the Paris deal and warn that geoengineering is our last hope: “Other things being equal I’m not a great fan of geo-engineering but I think it absolutely necessary given the situation we’re in."
[collapse] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
In Homage to the Middle Ages, UK Power Station Will Burn an Additional 2.4 Million Tons of Firewood
More than 400 facilities holding huge storehouses of natural gas get little regulatory oversight as their infrastructure ages.
When a coal mining company goes bankrupt, there's no guarantee the company's coal production will go down, a new analysis by Bloomberg Intelligence reveals.
Ebola has now killed a third of the world’s gorilla and chimpanzee populations – ‘This epidemic has reduced the population to a point where it can no longer sustain itself in the face of poaching and other pressures’
50 Million Americans Prepare For "Potentially Historic" Winter Storm
9 Things Tokyo’s New Disaster Guide Can Teach You About Survival - Knowing how to survive in the wild isn't the same thing as knowing how to survive in the big city when an earthquake or tsunami strikes. Wherever you live, Japan's new survival manual may save your life.
The appetite of western consumers for home furnishings has reached its peak – according to Ikea, the world’s largest furniture retailer.
Middle East stock markets crash as Tehran enters oil war
U.S. Coal Production Dropped to 30-Year Low in 2015
2016 Will Be One of The Most Turbulent and Historically Significant in American History
[Meta] There's a lot of bullshit out there about Collapse. Read this and you'll be in a better place to see it for what it is
Dispelling myths about oil
Does anyone here use your collapse expectations for making investment decisions? Assuming there are people here with money
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my gaa
A Blizzard Roars Out of Climate Change’s Heart — Polar Warming and A Record Hot Atlantic Ocean Brew Up Nightmare Storm for US East Coast
NASA photo shows New Guinea going up in flames
Human Extinction By 2030 -Antarctica Secrets Beneath the Ice!
Is It Over Yet? 2016 Feels Like Year of the Bear - Not even the pessimists on Wall Street thought things would go so wrong so fast in 2016. [Jan 15]
Say So Long To Soil: The ‘Unfolding Global Disaster’ Happening Right Under Our Feet
Massive seabird die-off lines Whittier beaches with carcasses. The current event, which began this spring from California north, is the worst Piatt has seen in 40 years of research in both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Good work, humans: Storks have stopped migrating so they can live off our trash
someone at okcupid gets it. lol.
1099 A virus linked to shrinking newborns’ brains is spreading rapidly beyond Brazil
The updated effective radiative forcing of major anthropogenic aerosols and their effects on global climate at present and in the future - Zhang - 2016 - International Journal of Climatology
Cloud blanket warms up melting icecap
After the Collapse: Dangerous People
Asian shares, oil skid as global growth concerns dominate - "after a spate of short-covering"
Forget El Niño: California May Never Get Out of Drought, UC Berkeley Prof Says
Could someone give a good explanation on why there's a minimum EROEI (i.e. 12:1) for being able to maintain industrial civilization (and why building lots of smaller EROEI [i.e. 5:1] energy production wouldn't cut it)?
Zika virus: US scientists say vaccine '10 years away'
Urban Agriculture? Only 1% Of Seattle Residents Could Eat Locally Even With All Viable Space In Use
World in Progress: Tunisia's Gafsa Oasis under threat this gem of biodiversity is at risk
Hot days are occurring 145x more often over the last 10 years than just a few decades ago.
A Wild Liberty: The Sixth Mass Extinction
‘Disturbing’ drug-resistant superbug gene has been detected in Canada
There Is a New Climate Change Disaster Looming in Northern Canada (How Thawing Permafrost Threatens the Storage of Mining Waste)
Carbon Monoxide option removed from earth null school, potentially because of Porter Ranch leak. Data still available.
Why Reality TV stars are a sign of impending collapse of western civilisation
ELI5 what is collapse
The Elimination of middle class and 'decent' jobs and the proliferation of Uber-like 'gig jobs' helps the economy grow
Why Mainstream Media is highlighting Impending Financial Crisis
Saudi Arabia: A Weak Kingdom On Its Knees?
Diet-induced extinctions in the gut microbiota compound over generations
Iran accuses Saudi Arabia of missile strike on its embassy in Yemen capital
Rhinos "could be extinct within 10 years"
2016: Oil Limits and the End of the Debt Supercycle
A Terrifying Jump in Global Temperatures — December of 2015 at 1.4 C Above 1890
America's food system could be even more vulnerable than we thought
Can U.S. Remain an Island of Stability in the Global Economy?
Mali's Desert Elephants Face Extinction in 3 Years
Growing Waelth Disparity Continues: Richest 62 billionaires as wealthy as half the world population combined. Only a crackdown on tax dodging, higher investment in public services and higher wages can halt the wealth divide widening even further and faster
Collapse in India
For the First Time in History, "Old" Music Is Outselling New Artist Releases
Bank of Japan Adopts Negative Rates of -0.1%
Royal Bank of Scotland tells wealthiest clients to "Sell Everything!"
China's economic growth slowest in quarter century
Still Think The Economy Is “Recovering”? Walmart Is Closing 269 Stores, Including These
Shock figures to reveal deadly toll of global air pollution - air pollution now kills more people a year than malaria and HIV combined, and in many countries accounts for roughly 10 times more deaths than road accidents
Bankrupting the kingdom: Is Saudi Arabia facing a pending economic collapse?
We Have Been In The Economic Collapse And It's Going To Get Much Worse: Gregory Mannarino
ClubOrlov: My Prescription for 2016: Collapse Early and Often
China Suspends Stock Circuit Breaker Rule, CSRC Says on Weibo - developing (so what will happen tomorrow?)
S.China Sea tensions surge as China lands plane on artificial island
Extinction Marathon 2014 [London] - YT playlist - ongoing extinction from various scientific and cultural angles.
Our No-Growth Future
The Aliens are Silent Because They're Dead (The Greenhouse Effect Explains the Fermi Paradox)
Pollution and Climate Change: Ireland’s Environment in Peril
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:agadiodtsatadaglia
Public never told, but investigators suspected Flint River tie to fatal Legionnaires' outbreak in 2014. 10 killed.
Runaway Inequality's Stranglehold on our Future
China shares fall 5% to hit three-month low
Brazil is 'badly losing' the battle against Zika virus, says health minister: Nearly 220,000 troops to be deployed to eradicate mosquitoes
Economic Collapse Rears Its Ugly Head In The New Year
Testing Kurzweil predictions 2019 : singularity
We've Hit 'Peak Carbon'
Lack of snow puts crops in danger worldwide
China rout sparks global stocks selloff: China halts trading after stocks plunge 7%
"Well-functioning human society" -- xpost from /r/ranprieur because it describes our predicament perfectly
The Davos solution to inequality? Ramp up the neoliberal 'development' model; lighten business regulation; pursue globalisation with greater vigor... Yes, you got it. They would all accelerate the transfer the world's wealth upwards to corporate elites.
As Zika virus spreads, El Salvador asks women not to get pregnant until 2018
Study demonstrates that high-latitude water bodies represent some of the largest natural sources of methane and could increase more than 50% by the end of the century.
Can we afford the energy demands of “the fourth industrial revolution”? Don’t ask
Mounting Evidence Suggests Early Agriculture Staved Off Global Cooling (How the Next Ice Age Sequel Was Cancelled)
m＞「광양출장안마」↔「광양콜걸」↔ ⓦⓦⓦ.ⓟⓐⓦ②O①⑤.com「광양오피스걸」「광양애인대행」,밤워킹,건마,카톡:pw999
Collapse Death And Taxes
How Do You Know When Your Society Is In The Midst Of Collapse?
Humans aren’t as cooperative as we thought, but they make up for it via stupidity
The Complexity of Simple
The primary reservoirs in Thailand’s Chao Phraya River basin are half as full as they were at this time last year. The country could face water shortages due to saltwater intrusion by mid-April.
European Index Futures Drop as Oil Slumps [toward $30]
Shipping Said to Have Ceased… Is the Worldwide Economy Grinding to a Halt?
someone at okcupid gets it. lol.
The Poorest Americans Die Younger than the Poorest Costa Ricans
People are starving in East Africa -- again -- as the world looks away
What is going to happen with stocks
BlackRock's Fink Says 400 Energy Firms May Not Survive Cheap Oil
Clouds, like blankets, trap heat and are melting the Greenland Ice Sheet
Zika Virus May Have Spread To Common Mosquito
[collapse] My name is Tiffany! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
The first shots being fired in the student loan bubble/debt rebellion. Expect this to pick up monentum over the next few years.
More than two-thirds of the land needed to produce the UK’s food and feed is based abroad, researchers said, meaning 64% of the related greenhouse gases are emitted on foreign soil and the related environmental impacts are burdening poorer countries.
More People in Europe are Dying than are Being Born
Long Term Global Availability of Food. Continued abundance or new scarcity?
The Citadel Is Breached: Congress Taps the Fed for Infrastructure Funding
U.S. researchers call on WHO to take swift action on Zika virus rapidly spreading in Latin America &amp; Caribbean: WHO Director-General urged to heed lessons of Ebola, act quickly, and convene an emergency session of health and infectious disease experts to consider how to respond to outbreak.
VICE documentary on gold mining in Suriname which is destroying the country
The Latest: Zika Case Detected in Arkansas Traveler
Sacred Economics: Money, Gift and Society in the Age of Transition; imperative reading for understanding how a post-monetary/post-crash age will work
What scientists discovered in Greenland could be making sea-level rise even worse
New Study: Ice sheets may be hiding vast reservoirs of powerful greenhouse gas. "Modern ice sheets will not need thousands of years to melt."
Gifted my first wet shaving kit to myself on Christmas- Parker. I think I have a new obsession for life |Imgur
ANECDOTAL: Everyone is being laid off
There is a subreddit /r/stockmarketcrash for those big red number days
Oops! Effort to save monarch butterflies hastens their possible extinction
Chinese Stocks Slump as Cash Injection Fails to Lift Markets - “As the market goes lower from here, the downward move may accelerate”
Oil Plunges, Walmart Stumbles as Fear Grips Wall Street, Flint Water Poison
Drought and crop yields: What wealthy nations can learn from poorer ones
US authorities distorting tests to downplay lead content of water
