Scientology brainwashes homosexuals
Medical Malpractice, fraud, bribery, and death in American Medicine.
This sub seems to be skewing towards supporting Sanders. r/Conspiracy, change my views.
Sandy Hook thread shows off the best of reddit bullying and worst of humanity.
Self claimed illuminati blood member answers questions weve wanted to ask forever
$15 minimum wage (shower thought)
In response to the influx of pseudo-psychologists: schizophrenic used as an insult, etc.
NIH article shows that a common OTC cold medicine is used in molestation.
State of Emergency Post Gone?
What made you a conspiracy theorist?
Paper links Autism to Pineal Gland dysfunction
10 Publishers Account For Half Of All Online News
Corbett Report - Requiem for the Suicided: Vince Foster
5 Eeriest &amp; Strangest Broadcast Interruptions In History (does anyone remember these?)
Someone Made a List of Politicians That Admitted the System is Controlled by Special Interests
China's Impending Collapse? Don't Bet on It!
Who are the saboteurs #CSA/familyneeds ~ Spot the Difference !
Google Earth blacked out secret UFO base at mountain peak of the Himalayas?
Davos 2016: A rough guide to the World Economic Forum
Cops hate encryption but the NSA loves it when you use PGP
David Cole - The Truth Behind the Gates of Auschwitz
Women 'had sex with aliens and gave birth to hybrid babies' - and so might YOU
Monsanto Supplied US And Israel With Chemical Weapons According To Declassified Documents
Global Currency Reset Delayed to October 2016 (2015-12-30 Kenneth Storey) • /r/Aug2016Event
How do you explain the outright contempt for the public demonstrated by the Warren and 9/11 Commissions? There is a strange aspect of deliberately pushing shoddy investigations on the public and then using the power of media to bully the public into believing the bullshit.
Propoganda video about Western Propoganda - surprisingly good
Interview with best selling author Mark Adams about his new book Meet Me in Atlantis
EXCLUSIVE: Underground Newz interview with the PoPo
Gearoid O Colmain on Coercive Engineered Migration: Zionism’s War on Europe - Has immigration been weaponized?
Magical Egypt Part 1 of 8 The Invisible Science
Algeria's Bouteflika dissolves DRS spy unit, creates new agency - sources
Jewish Supremacists in America
Kurt Sonnenfeld The Man Behind the Camera 9 11 Witness
For the many, many, Sandy Hook defenders. Please defend this photo of people standing around. By Shannon Hicks own account, this was taken before 10:15 well before the "scene" was secured. (Deleted conspiracy repost, deserving of further discussion)
Bill Clinton lies about Roswell, Aliens and Area 51 on Jimmy Kimmel show 2014
The US Thinks China May Have Stolen Military Robot Designs
Another Doctor Commits Suicide, "Florida Doctor &amp; Broward Health Chief &amp; President, Found Dead from Alleged Suicide"
The Deliberate Character Assassination of a Rational Skeptic. Or how exploring the truth about the Newton Scam will cost you everything.
Über Cool - Consolidation through the Expansion of Worldwide Socialism
Victim Identified in Single Vehicle Crash That Baffled First Responders
Angie Bowie: David "Staged" His Passing Rather Well. Subliminal Monarch ...
US Government Has Been Moving All Military Assets In Place To Start WWIII - Episode 862b
companies that own everything
Was Finicum Murdered by the Feds? Do The Bundys Have Uranium on their Land?
Obama’s Secret Post-Presidency Plan Reportedly Uncovered- Netanyahu Plots Immediate Sabotage
Kouchner’s Rage: Portrait of a Warmonger and Immigrationist - The Jewish-Zionist Elite
Top Japanese official in charge of TPP accused of graft
Stand tall. Stand strong. Stand with Bernie.
TIL that 20 large Air Force drones were destroyed or sustained at least $2 million in damage in accidents last year at a cost about $14 million each to replace.
This Ted Cruz video now has over 1,000,000 views. The mainstream media no longer controls the narrative.
Clinton Foundation Pockets Massive Payoffs From Russia for Mining Rights In Wyoming And Oregon- Hammond Ranch Part Of The Deal
Town Hall Participant Suggests Question Fed to Him: 'I Can See Why They Gave You This Question'
‘Super PAC’ Backing Jeb Bush Uses Conspiracy-Minded Journalist in Ad
CIA: Undermining and Nazifying Ukraine Since 1953
Mozilla - Get SmartOn Government Surveillance - Home Page Sub-Headline
Auschwitz price-fixing claims: Israel police arrest nine for corruption
When it's been 5 minutes since you accused someone of being an anti-semite
"Lightning from heaven" in Hebrew translation
Austria suspends Schengen agreement, steps up border control,tells EU to sort out migrant
Axis of Hostility? US Rejected North Korea’s Offer to Suspend Nuke Tests
The Greatest Lie: How propaganda through mass media spellbounds us all
Gold Rush! Bundy Ranch v2 0 Reloaded- BLM Takeover of Oregon Gold Mining Town - [another dutchsinse video on the same subject]
Mayor lays off entire police department in Ohio village
America's Arab Allies Debate Need for Genocide Against 'Infidels'
Gas chamber expert Fred Leuchter
Washington’s new &amp; improved plan for Syria: ‘Sunni-stan, a safe zone for terrorists’
Huffington Post not reliable
Experts widely describe the incident as the first known power outage caused by a cyber attack.
What Government, Auto Industry and Big Oil are trying to do know. Tesla (Elon Musk) Trying to Prevent.
Is this the speculated Nibiru?
Saudi Arabia is turning Yemen into a new Vietnam
BLM works for Rothschild, London City, The US Federal Reserve NOT THE PEOPLE
interesting discussion....
Oregon: Harney County the secret they don't want you to know
THEGUARDIAN.COM Beats Former Australian PM Bob Hawke's Drum - He was a tool of Zion and Big Business who resigned from Parliament and commenced employment with billionaire Kerry Packer, who had been named for murder, tax evasion and massive drug importation under the auspices of World Series Cricket
r/conspiracy, As you go about your day posting about the latest conspiracy ask yourself, Who's story are you telling?
Operation Enduring Freedom- The U.S. And The Opium Trade
Monsanto has terminated 16% of its workforce in recent months, as demand for GMO crops continues to plummet (and organics skyrocket!)
Drug test kits used by police are total science fraud: They produce positive results 70% of the time, no matter what is being tested
Why Does the CIA Keep Its Art Collection Secret?
Die Glocker - New Revelations Suggest The Nazi Bell Was A Secret Worm Hole Machine
Ukraine's government bans films with actors designated as persons posing threat to national security
Polysorbate 80: A Risky Vaccine Ingredient ~ "May cause adverse reproductive effects based on animal test data. No human data found. May cause cancer based on animal test data. No human data found."
Needy Refugee Gives Swedish Woman a Taste of his Multiculturalism
With the explosion in Turkey let's not forget the leaked conversation of Turkish officials discussing a false flag to bring Turkey into the Syrian Civil War
“We Came, We Saw, He Died” – Revisiting the Incredible Disaster That Is Libya
Dementia Now Striking People In Their 40's as Aluminum and Mercury From Vaccines Causes Slow Degenerative Brain Damage
Massive Coverup Exposed In Sweden As Media, Cops Hid Migrant Sex Attacks
USAF GEN. JOHN SAMFORD ON FLYING SAUCERS (1952) Project Blue Book Aliens
Obama's gun control measures are astonishingly hypocritical when you consider his track record in arms sales | Voices
UN-REDD PROGRAMME
ObamaCares.avi
Paul presses Warren, Sanders on 'Audit the Fed' bill
A Five-Eyes member discloses another aspect of the internet Panopticon; another member packages it as "needed by crime-fighters".
It's Time To Punish the War Crimes of Henry Kissinger
Zionist Plot to Invade Europe &amp; the USA With 100 Million Muslim Refugees Working According to Plan
Genie Oil and Gas (GOGAS) is an oil and gas exploration company with two active, early stage exploratory and development projects.
"With Open Gates" BEST VERSION Extended Cinematic 1080p
The David Bowie Death Hoax Scenario is Gaining Momentum .. in this January 8, last public appearance he looks fine, maybe there is gonna be a Lazarus style reemergence!
The State Department said there were 38,000 pages of Clinton cybersecurity emails. Now it says there’s only 1.
Former U.S. attorney: Clinton could face criminal indictment
ACOA and courts trying to stop internet voting company intelivote.com
'Cover-up' over Cologne sex assaults blamed on migration sensitivities...Police and Media coverup.....Europe is falling apart.
7 Foods So Unsafe Farmers Won't Eat Them
WHO 'failed to alert' global community abt Ebola outbrk allowing it to spread further
Ex Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis Creates His Own EU Party
Why are westerners can't make any Anime and suck at math, are they not as smart as Asians?
Organised Crime Syndicate
Has it really come to this?
Democracy Spring is a civil disobedience movement happening this spring, aimed at getting corruptive money out of the political process. Check it out!
Bernie Sanders is a real communist PROOF!!!
Meeting With US Drug Enforcement Agency May Have Led to Assassination of Dominican Lieutenant Colonel, Diplomatic Cables Divulge
Tyranny? You're insane, armed and dangerous! Hand over your gun or I will shoot!
Do you guys think there is going to be a financial collapse in 2016?
Can we remove and ban all non-conspiracy related Bernie Sanders shitposts?
Digital colonization? Facebook opens up internet org with new 'free' basics apps in India.
CDC, Vaccines and Autism: The Coverup Continues
A very concise explanation detailing one individual’s experience as a military operative on another planet.
i dont know why this keeps getting brought up. (bundy militia related)
Showerthoughts removes comment with the use of the term "The Establishment"
Operation Top Hat -- gassing our own soldiers to see if nerve gas 'worked'. The results: won't surprise you.
Banned from posting in R/republican. Did not break any rules...
"Once we squeeze all we can out of the United States, it can dry up and blow away."
"Astroturf": Journalist reveals tactics brainwashing industry uses (thelibertybeacon)
What happened to the SLC daycare??
please help me find the diary entries of James Morgenson.
Ranchers in Oregon
It's Alleged That Allegedly ISIS Are Allegedly Making "Kangaroo Bombs"
NASA 30th Anniversary of the Space Shuttle Challenger Disaster Hoax
Reporter Committed to Psychiatric Ward for “Conspiracy Theories”
Due Process is Dead: A Staggering 95% of All Inmates in America Have Never Received a Trial
The James Tracy Legal Defense Fund Inc. has been established. Tracy writes at Memory Hole Blog and has been outspoken that Sandy Hook was a drill.
20 Dead, 200 Hospitalized After Reports US Lab “Leaks” Deadly Virus In Ukraine
According to New York Times, Saudis are funding CIA operations in Syria
WTF?!? UK Sniper in Trouble for Failing to Shout Out Warnings to Islamic State Terrorists before Firing!
Disturbing Quotes From Leading Zionists
The Pentagon Has No Clue How Many Weapons It Has Lost to ISIS
"18 emails exchanged between Mrs. Clinton and President Obama to be withheld"
White elite depicted discussing control over black elite and Negros.
Poisoned Russian whistleblower: police deny cover-up
Germany Bans Far-Right Internet Platform, Arrests 2 (removed from /r/worldnews)
Defense Minister Ya'alon: ISIS Enjoyed Turkish Money for Oil
Bones from Suspected African Burial Ground Found Under New York Street
Iowa Muriel Gallo Tells CNN How Hillary Planted Question
Scary thirteens: Brave Israeli soldiers shot dead 13-year-old Palestinian girl
Strangelets Terraforming Earth And Transmutation Of The Elements - Anthony Patch
"Firefighter" hosts AMA where he specifically asks for 911 theories in order to debunk them.
Navy intelligence admiral not allowed to see military secrets for years
Drunk ‘Responsible’ Gun Owner ‘Accidentally’ Shoots Woman During Benghazi Movie (VIDEO)
Deadly virus leaked from US laboratory in Donbass - DPR Army and Intelligence. More than 20 Ukrainian soldiers have died and over 200 soldiers are hospitalized in a short period of time.
They don't want you to know
David Bowie and Alan Rickman both died on 69 and died of Cancer... And what is Cancer's starsign picture?
Anti-Mass Migration Party Barred from TV Debates Ahead of German Elections
Georgia Sheriff Investigates Mysterious Cattle Mutilations
Bush Family Oligarchy
A News Agency With Scoops Directly From ISIS, and a Veneer of Objectivity
Cryptocurrencies as protection from the government
Missing Hong Kong bookseller 'confesses' on Chinese TV
Army Blames 'Complacent' Leadership at Dugway for Anthrax Scandal
How "Order Out of Chaos" Allowed the Syrian Refugee Crisis
People Trust Search Engines More than Traditional Media for News
Why are blacks hated so much?
Britain's most radical Muslim cleric, MI5 agent?
"I can see why THEY gave you this question" - Democrat Town Hall Set Up?
Crashing Oil Prices and The Conspiracy To Free Us From Debt Slavery
Cashless Society War Intensifies During Global Epocalypse
WikiLeaks: "Swedish media admit to censoring stories for the last five years on migrant sex crimes
CIA releases its very own "X-Files"
House approves controversial fracking bill, despite opposition from Democrats
Sex And Blackmail In The Deeper State
The War on Cash: A Country by Country Guide - The Corbett Report
The dead people of America really don’t want Hillary Clinton to be president
The organization that runs U.S . presidential debates is independent of the government and owned by the Republican and Democratic Parties. It has been criticized for negotiating secret contracts between candidates, excluding third parties, and "perpetrating a fraud on the American voter."
Israeli Historian Describes Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine in 1948
X marks the spot
Muslim Demographics a threat to Europeans
Methane Leak In California A ‘Major Catastrophe'
REPORT: Banks Admit They Want MORE EU Migration For Cheap Labour - Soros, Juncker &amp; other globalists.. - “To match the US labor growth rate, the EU needs 1.8m additional immigrants (of working age) annually for the next 10 years…”
In 1996 David Irving attempted to sue for defamation over claims that he was a Holocaust denier and manipulated and distorted facts, he lost.
American teens attack mailman because he brought their xmas gifts late
Even the courts are abetting persecution
The real story: The Hammonds are poachers and arsonists
S. Korea, U.S. deploy B-52 strategic bomber over Korean Peninsula : UNIAN news
For those wondering why a mainstream artist was allowed to speak about flat earth in the media, it's because it was the set-up to this group propaganda exercise: Celebrity faux-scientist Neil DeGrasse Tyson 'disses' flat earth in a new rap song
Eyewitness Describes Lavoy Finicum’s Death on Road to Burns Oregon
French Fascists arrests 20 taxi driver, air traffic controller, teacher for protesting.
Lafayette theater shooter's journal shows overlap between terrorism and mental illness: Jarvis DeBerry
UN Human Rights Envoy To Palestinian Territories Resigns, Citing Israel’s Refusal To Grant Him Access To The West Bank and Gaza
] Press behind police lines throw fireworks at cops that have their back turned and blame it on Pegida over the wave of Rape.
Every American Will Be Micro Chipped In 3 Years
The Illusionati And Their Bullshit System
New study concludes intermittent renewables plus transmission can eliminate most fossil fuel electricity while matching power demand at lower cost than a fossil-fuel-based grid
What Really Happened Show: Michael Rivero Tuesday 1/12/2016: (Commercial Free Video) - YouTube
Grisly images of El Chapo's loyal men killed in final stand
David Icke Exposes the Secret Behind the Migrant Wave
Andy Hoffman-Endgame for the Gold Cartel Coming
Oliver Stone: Jewish Control of the Media Is Preventing Free Holocaust Debate
The Hidden History of Conspiracies and Cover-ups in U.S. Politics
De-Dollarization: Russia's Oil Benchmark Futures to Be Priced in Rubles
Northern Command Chief: We must prepare for war in the north
Cheney, Rothschild, and Fox News’ Murdoch to Drill for Oil in Syria, Violating International Law
User finds evidence of possible cronyism and corruption regarding Governor Snyder of Flint, and his PR funding.
World of Tanks manipulation EXPOSED![eng subs]
Cosmic Disclosure #33: A Goode Trip to Inner Earth - David Wilcock/Corey...
The Anti-Trump Network: Fox News Money Flows into Open Borders Group
First Shots of Second American Civil War Could be Fired in Coming Weeks
domestic terrorists need snacks. please help.
Today, Remember Martin Luther King's Prophetic Condemnation of American Militarism (Video)
UK Investigatory Powers Bill surveillance plans 'totalitarian,' NSA whistleblower says (Wired UK)
Government Sponsored Propaganda Network Explains How Great Propaganda is for You and Your Children.
Full Story on What’s Going on In Oregon – Militia Take Over Malheur National Wildlife Refuge In Protest to Hammond Family Persecution…
Clinton &amp; the Coup: Amid Protests in Honduras, Ex-President on Hillary's Role in His 2009 Ouster
Zika virus: If your pregnant wife gets bitten by a mosquitoe during pregnancy your baby gets born retarded.
Alabama Cop Who Assaulted Indian Grandfather Now Acquitted
Tiffany Aliano: "My Son Was Taken From Me By A Corrupt Judge And CPS!"
Inside The Tiny Police State With Seven Armies
Proposed: Your Internet and Cell Phones prove Satellites - Flat Earth arguments
Are Moderates Really In Charge In Iran?
Police to Pursue Online Trolls and Receive Hidden Browser History from Internet Providers
Founder of Anti-GMO movement apologizes for starting the movement and admits GMO's are beneficial for humanity
Gitmo designed to ‘destroy human beings’: Ex-inmate Shaker Aamer talks to RT
Celebrities &amp; the Art of Distraction
Special Ops Called to Oregon as "Fake Militiamen" Exposed as Fed Provocateurs by Real Militia
EU Politician going Apeshit over new Danish refugee rule
Chicago’s ‘independent’ cop watchdog not so independent after all: Laquan McDonald case
Academic Freedom in America? Tenured Professor Questioning Official Sandy Hook Shootings Narrative Fired
Costa Rica will be airlifting 4,000 Cuban refugees to El Salvador where they will get a government paid bus ride through Mexico and straight to the Texas border
Kim Jung-Un(o)
Tennessee Troopers Allowed To Draw Your Blood With No Refusal
New Discovery Around Juniper Backdoor Raises More Questions About the Company, adding the NSA backdoored Dual_EC after it was understood as insecure
Obama Executive Order May Require Those Selling Even a Single Firearm to Become Licensed Dealers
Chris Hedges Speaks about the Blurring Definitions of Dissent and Terrorism
NJ cop fired for having sex in patrol car wants his job back, demands back pay
Renew Trident? It’d make more sense to put Dad’s Army on the case | Simon Jenkins
Interesting read of 5 crazy right-wing conspiracy theories of 2015
Old-school documentary: Building the World Trade Center Towers
[Intelligence] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:ldditnailitg
TIL a former mod of /r/conspiracy created a tool which presents a live copy of the reddit front page with all moderator censored articles and comments restored
Excellent new post breaking down the unified field theory that's seriously proving we live in a fractal and holographic universe, and we are bathing in a sea of practically infinite vacuum energy
A conversation with Cleverbot.
Policing The World: U.S. Shifting Focus From Pakistan To Syria -
Stories on Cologne assaults face censorship on Reddit
Some video of the Cologne mass Muslim attack / rape.
Pentagon Will Investigate NSA Crackdown on Would-Be Snowdens
David Bowie Dies After an 18-Month Battle With Cancer (RIP, off topic)
Obama to use executive powers to expand background checks &amp; gun control
From /r/politics: "A tear rolled down President Obama’s cheek at the White House as he discussed recent mass killings in the United States and his plans to expand background checks."
Disclosure: Another 41 Foreign-Born Individuals Snagged On Terror Charges; Obama administration withholds details as more attacks occu
A JEWISH student who SPOKE OUT AGAINST THE STATE OF ISRAEL and it's OPPRESSION OF THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE. The school says that they will pursue legal "anti-bullying" action.
Shit, new theory.
The TV Show, "Homeland" and some hypothesis
The extinction of European pagan roots is the mother of all conspiracies.
Communist /r/Kurdistan has a Zionist Israel link on it's home page.
Guys in Oregon: Bring up internet voting in 2016 with the press, so we can take our country back. Ranching is important, but isn't the main issue here.
Story Feedback: What do you think?
Questions on Oregon standoff (not mine, found in a post).
The money made running the Golden Triangle, the Shahs gold, the money made running Contra Cocaine, the Marcos Family fortune, Libyas gold - where does it all go?!
Conspiracy - What exactly is G+?
"Draw Muhammad" instigator behind Oregon sedition stunt
Vaginal lubrication conspiracy
Sign this petiton to the President to initiate a Federal Investigation into the death of John Lang, a suspected murder by Fresno Police Department.
Hackers Leak Top Police Union's Private Data On-line
Double Standards: Where Is the West’s Compassion and Condemnation Following Terror Attacks in Middle East?
HAARP, Faroe Islands, Valencia City: Google Earth’s classified locations
"They're responsible for the murder and shooting of my daughter and me, and now it's a big cover up"
Magnetic Pole Shift causing weather pattern changes and earthquakes
Hillary Clinton: A Career Criminal
We'll create the cure; we made the disease
The Davos Blind Eye: How the Rich Eat the Poor and the World
The Rise of ISIS and Other Extremist Groups: the role of the West and Regional Powers
Manufacturing a Martyr: What We Can Learn from the Lavoy Finnicum 'Divide and Conquer' Psyops
John Perkins has an updated version of "Confessions of an Economic Hit Man" to be released February 9th. Read this book!
The Occult Universe of David Bowie and the Meaning of “Blackstar”
Chinese journalist who defected is missing from Thailand
Was the San Bernardino, CA shooting a false flag!?
UNREDDIT: Deleted R/Anarchism Comment on a thread that cries tears of blood re the Native American genocide situ - That neglects to mention Columbus was a Jew, and that the Zionist inspired and Jew perpetrated Inquisition and bubonic plague, were simultaneously decimating Europe during the same era
A racist Knesset bill aims to close mosques
How Bad Global Warming Science Hurts the Environmental Movement - Corbett Report
State Department Suddenly Discovers Thousands More Clinton Documents
21 Questions for Donald Trump, 6-12 are the most interesting
New World Government Intel!!! US Dollar Dead, UN, IMF And World Bank Reform, Federal Reserve Bankrupt, New United States Republic, Global Debt Jubilee, Pope Signs “Galactic Agreement”, Mass Arrest Group List, Obama Amnesty And More!
Confucius Institutes: Academic Malware
'A Perfect Storm Of Biological Events Has Unfolded' In The Americas In 2016 - Zika Virus 1st Discovered By Rockefeller Foundation Back In 1947 - Is This Disease A Bioweapon?
Governments deliberately causing mass unemployment - "Monetary policy conducted under the assumption of a NAIRU involves allowing just enough unemployment in the economy to prevent inflation rising above a given target figure. "
A law professor tricked his students into lying, which shows why you should never talk to police
Oxitec prepares to release yet more transgenic mosquitoes
The FBI just released a video of how they shot an killed the unarmed Oregon protesters.
Father of Koch Brothers Helped Build Nazi Oil Refinery, Book Says
Court clears way for revival of worrisome weedkiller
EMC, VMware, IBM, etc.: Here Come 333,000 Layoffs in Tech
White Tribalism Disrupts Their Regularly Scheduled Programming. Jack Donovan discusses the threat global capitalism poses to genuine identity. Irony and cheap commercialism are enemies, he says, and those who best counter these trends are "rebels of sincerity" who aren't afraid to discriminate.
13 girls puts innocent boy in jail for false rape for being a player
Tesla's Free Energy Receiver
Israeli Justice minister calls for an independent Kurdistan
Chamber of Commerce lobbyists Tom Donahue: Clinton will support the TPP after election.
England’s youth ‘worst at literacy &amp; basic math’ in developed world
Former China brokerage chief kills himself
"Yes, Israel is executing Palestinians without trial" - Haaretz
REPORT: Locals Fled Pool After Migrants Masturbated Into Jacuzzi, Defecated Into Kid's Pool, Invaded Girls Changing Rooms
Over 1,500 Organizations Urge Opposition to the TPP
WikiLeaks - The US strategy to create a new global legal and economic sy...
Obama's Gun-Control Plan Includes Gun-Ban For Some Social Security Beneficiaries
Ministers summit on undercover police probing scandal to include Scots police. "It follows rising concerns emerging around the work of English-based undercover officers while investigating campaigners and activists in Scotland. "
Everybody Loves Feminist Slam Poetry (Video) [LOL]
The Real Truth about What Causes Cancer and Why Doctors Constantly Ignore It
Pure Coincidence
America, Oil, and War in the Middle East
Alexander Litvinenko: Inquiry findings to be published into how he was poisoned by radioactive polonium in the UK
With the country’s record-low birthrate, aging population, and the threat of losing a third of its population by 2060, Japanese people will have cheaper and larger houses and jobs that pay more.
Climate Scientists Say Paris Conference Failed, Call for Geoengineering (Video)
Iran-Saudi Dispute
Kurmitola extensively used for Tibet operations, says book by former CIA analyst
Cynthia McKinney: The US Mainstream Media Has Been Legally Authorized to LIE to You
Jim'l fix it: Former Stoke Mandeville Hospital doctor charged with child rape
10 Chilling Conspiracy Theories That Turned Out To Be TRUE
That #blacklivesmatter White Woman Professor Has Been Charged with ASSAULT for Attacking Reporter
People Thought There Was Something Pretty Odd About the ‘Woman’ in This Photo
What do famous people think about Zionist Jews?
EMR Reduces Melatonin in Animals and People
Dutch push intelligence sharing after missed signals in Paris
"Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy. That will change under my administration." - Sanders
After Ruby Ridge and Waco, authorities keep a low profile in Oregon
France’s highways descend in chaos and lawlessness
Hungarian Top Economist: CIVIL WAR IS COMING
Tony Blair refuses to be questioned over IRA and Gaddafi
Facial Recognition Company Creates Tattoo Detecting Technology For Police
China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank Opens Without the US
Navy Uses US Citizens as Pawns in Domestic War Games
Week Thirteen of the Russian Intervention in Syria: debunking the lies
Blaine Cooper Set Up Real MIlitia to be Demonized
Madaya: Syrian regime supporters share food photos to taunt starving civilians trapped in town
Egypt’s Revolution: Creative Destruction For A ‘Greater Middle East’?
B.o.B - 'Flatline' Flat Earth Truth - DISS Track - Exposing Neil deGrasse Tyson
Iceland .. 320k population , 90k registered guns. Almost no Violent Crime
Understanding Illuminati Numerology
Administering Vaccines Against a Person’s Wishes is Illegal ~ "For those who oppose coercive vaccination policies and want to convince the government that their discriminatory legislation will backfire, this may just be a quick, inexpensive option."
Journalist on Forbes, Frances Coppola on Twitter: "I think we will find they were indigenous people paid to do it to stir up hatred of refugees."
A Deeper Look at Islamophobia in the U.S. Empire // Empire_File015
Remember - when the DPRK showcases/tests it's nuclear capabilities, it's aggressive and threatening. When the US debuts Smart Nukes - it's innovative and productive.
X-Files spinoff The Lone Gunmen called out the 9/11 attack Aired Months Before
A new US law brands journalists and humanitarian workers as terrorist risks
Silicon Valley appears open to helping US spy agencies after terrorism summit
Israeli Arabs Removed From Flight at Demand of Jewish Passengers - Greek airline flying from Athens to Tel Aviv
Wall Art in Illuminati International Airport - Denver
FDA Rules Chemicals In Pizza Boxes Are No Longer Safe
Abby Martin &amp; Chris Hedges: War, Propaganda and the Enemy Within
Former federal prosecutor says Hillary Clinton could be indicted in next 60 days
Obama's Agency Reveals Plan to Give Work-Permits To Myriad Foreign College-Graduates
China Attacks North Korea over Nuclear Tests
I wonder how our Nigerian Prince is doing these days
Balcony Scene (Or Unseen) Atop the World; Episode at Trade Center Assumes Mythic Qualities, "The B Thing"
Hungarian Top Economist: Goal of "Refugee" Invasion is Civil War in Europe and new World War
NEW: Who Will The Illuminati Target In 2016?
Execution of [Alleged] Nazi War Criminals Runs to 9390 Listings on YouTube - Hitler and the entire Nazi echelon were Jews, post the slaughter of Ernst Röhm and the SA in the 1934 Night of the Long Knives Massacres - I'm hoggin' for the day the execution of the Jews who perped 911 hits the Big screen
Aliens are conTROLLing the world! 1,000,000% PROOF!!
Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President of the United States
I knew it. I love the Hollow Earth theory.
Transcripts Of Tony Blair's Chats With Gaddafi Reveal Former PM Urging Libyan Leader To 'Stand Aside'
Obama Cries for Sandy Hook Victims as He Announces New Gun Control Orders
Philly Officer Ambushed By Terrorist Who Says He Did it For Islam, Pledged to ISIS
The Radical New Face of the Jewish Settler Movement - American jews stealing Palestinian land!
The War Against the Cowboys - Antiwar.com Original
Which of these propagandist can you trust?
The Flint Water Crisis and the Criminality of American Capitalism
Russia shockingly adds Hillary Clinton to terror sponsor watchlist.
/u/conandy thinks I'm a bot because I write quickly...
Steven Avery &amp; Brendan Dassey as a Symbol. May their suffering not be in vein.
Facebook Removing "Alien Megastructure In Space Theory Reignited" News Link
Drug Kingpin El Chapo Had a Rifle From 'Fast &amp; Furious' Gunwalking Program
CMV: The rise of fourth wave feminism was stoked by the corporate media to prime the public to accept Hillary Clinton
Band of Brothers; Propaganda?
S. Arabia &amp; Qatar among top US arms buyers despite human rights abuses
I need help seeing the big picture, if there is one anyways. This is not for the faint of heart.
Operation Paperclip- If They Would Feed Radioactive Oatmeal to Little Kids, What Wouldn’t They Do?
[fun] Alternative Marketing.
/r/worldnews Continues Their Censorship of the Organized Mass Sexual Assaults in Germany on NYE, Saying /r/worldnews is "Not The Appropriate Subreddit" for.....World News.
How I feel as a New Zealander sometimes...
Is there any truth to the claim that ancient Egyptian artifacts have been altered to make them appear more Western?
I am starting to think that 9/11 slowly gaining truth movement momentum was intentionally hatched and kept incubated with the ultimate end game being an actual authentic revolution.
P.C. Died a quiet death and nobody noticed.
Consumerism as mind control, or why you need to think about the end game.
The Narcissistic Rage of the US Government
Am I the only one who thinks the idea of Bernie Sanders is fostering false hope?
Iran Prisoner Swap
/r/news censors papers on people with ADHD have high lead and lead and electromagnetic field (EMF) can cause ADHD.
Please take the time to Educate Yourselves: Controlled Demolitions are to blame for both Twin Towers
Glenn Greenwald Bitch slaps Progressive Hardliner: "It's stunning how quickly progressives turn into Police State &amp; Natl Security State cheerleaders when there's political gain"
Oregon occupation please listen: promote internet voting in 2016 vital to uphold a democracy (self.conspiracy)
Is Adam Curtis on hiatus?
A theory about the mainstream media, two party system, and the antichrist.
As the Powerball approaches a record 675 million, remember this.
r/conspiracy wants some new mods
Online privacy - Does anyone have a solid guide on setting up TOR in combination with Tails, etc etc?
Howard Stern Show 9/11 Broadcast - Foreknowledge? 9/11 Truth
IMAGE: What Happened to Australian Unions, Why they were infiltrated by Zionist sponsored scabs and dogs, whence any holdouts were murdered while the scabs marched on - Scabs in the Builders Laborers Federation, Second the Motion .. Vote to Strike - Vale Painters and Dockers Les Batkin &amp; Ron Chapman
The Wounded Warrior Project, the largest and fastest-growing veterans’ charity in the US under fire for failing to distribute donations to vets
9/11 Truth Seekers: The 'Lunatic Fringe' Is Whom?
Questions emerge over motives behind ending Flint’s ties to Detroit water system
Avalanches, rogue waves &amp; freak storms
Trying To Break Open The Climate Change Debate
Rand Paul takes a stance on releasing the Missing 28 Pages during his AMA
Sandy Hook LIVE as it happened w/Megan Kelly - WOW, lots of (mis)info in here. One lady says she saw bloody bodies being carried out? WTF? Worth a watch!
Controlled Demolitions for all 3 Towers - The Big Lie in Broad Daylight
The Islamic Republic of Iran is a proxy of the United States government.
Litvinenko - Jewish mafia's nuclear smuggling network | Litvinenko was in Israel, where he met with the CEO of Yukos shortly before he died. If you wanted to buy/steal radioactive material Israel would be the place.
Oil Prices Plummet: Signs of Economic Warfare?
Goldman Sachs and the Financial Destruction of Greece - Full Documentary
Cute to “a little sinister”—the beauty of US spy satellite rocket launch logos - For example: 2004 mission logo depicts a sword-wielding, big-breasted redhead with wings.
Scientists want NOAA to show them the "warming data"
Five Star UK Admiral &amp; Chief of Defense Blows Whistle on UFOs
Seattle sues Monsanto over chemical contamination of river
Zika: Genetically Engineered Mosquitoes Causing Smaller Heads?
The Debt Matrix: Consumption and Modern-Day Slavery
Fiona Barnett's petition for Australian investigation into VIP child sex ring (Change.org)
The Vimanas of India and ancient flight
Finding our Way Out of the Deep, Dark and Dangerous Woods.
Mathematician suspicious of election fraud hires lawyer to force Kansas to hand over voting records
Academic Freedom in America? Tenured Professor Questioning Official Sandy Hook Shootings Narrative Fired
Congress Quietly Kills Ban On Funding Neo-Nazis In Ukraine
Trump: What's the Deal - Donald J Trump has used illegal undocumented construction workers, ignored OSHA exposing the illegals to Asbestos, and frequently sought on mob connected contractors
Panopticon: Prison for your Mind [Repost]
6 Cities In Michigan Have Even Higher Levels Of Lead Than Flint
Did it really happen?
Marco Rubio Supports 2nd Amendment Because the Islamic State Might Come After Him
Robert Reich on Money &amp; the Left Political Establishment - Interview Originally from MSNBC, but Deleted from Youtube.
Edward Snowden: 'Encrypted' Isis email in video is fake'
The Cooptation of Satyrical Media: Hillary Clinton’s Top Financial Supporter Now Controls “The Onion”
An Unprecedented Threat to Privacy - A private company has captured 2.2 billion photos of license plates in cities throughout America. It stores them in a database, tagged with the location where they were taken. And it is selling that data.
Facebook is Run by SJWs
Israel accuses Turkey of funding ISIS
How We Are Creating Active Shooters
Changing Images of Man (Stanford Research Institute)
The Biggest (And Possibly Most Terrifying) Company You've Never Heard Of
CASINO CAPITALISM: Top U.S. banks have pledged customers’ deposits as collateral for derivative gambling debts. Robbery at top levels of the financial sector.
Can I get a collection of Hillarys's lies, betrayals, rapist protections, thefts etc. for spreading to my friends.
Ex-House Speaker Dennis Hastert seeks sentencing delay due to poor health
Missing U.S. Hellfire missile located in Cuba
Does this summary of the Syrian crisis seem a bit whitewashed to anyone?
[Text] “The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything” ― Albert Einstein
See The Names Of The Senators Who Voted Against The Audit Of The Federal Reserve
Take your pick: Sincere or Honeypot?
The FBI sniper that murdered Mrs. Weaver and her child at Ruby RIdge was brought in to Waco to murder women and children there, and he did.
CIA Insider Tells 9/11 Truth (Documentary) HD Version
The name of the corporate game is to find a synthetic alternative to marijuana that can be patented. This is the result.
FALSE FLAG: German Police in Cologne dont like peaceful PEGIDA demo 1/9/2016
Israeli Activist Says He Helps Kill Palestinians Who Sell Land to Jews
RT: ‘Canada cut in half’: Country’s only east-west highway closed after new bridge splits
in light of the whole ranch standoff I want you remind you of the law you won't be told about.
How to start World War 3?
Seeds of Deception By Jeffrey M. Smith A 10-Page Summary Exposing Industry and Government Deception About the Safety of the Genetically Engineered Foods You're Eating
Palestinian “Child Prisoners” and the BDS Campaign. Israel’s International Image Continues to Deteriorate
Air Force withheld nuclear mishap from Pentagon review team
MLK III insists his father would condemn destructive Black Lives Matter protests
Trump Has More Support Among Hispanic Voters In FL Than Bush &amp; Rubio Combined
ISIS is working on Mossad/CIA plan to create greater Israel
Before Obama bowing before a king, General Eddy, a high-level American officer went down on his knee before King Abdul Aziz, as President Roosevelt listens, aboard a U.S. warship in the middle of the Great Bitter Lake, Egypt, Feb. 20, 1945.
Emma Watson Invited to Calais Jungle
Experts: Multiple types of radioactive material constantly being emitted from LA gas blowout — “I’d be running like hell” — “We are getting higher and higher levels…it’s accumulating” — “Poisons spreading through entire San Fernando Valley”
A Loophole Allows Banks – But Not Other Companies – to Create Money Out of Thin Air
NASA Hacker Claims USA Has War Ships In Space
US Army probe blames leadership in anthrax shipment scandal
MORTGAGE = DEATH PLEDGE: Latin words Mort-Gage Literally Translated Mort Means (Death) Gage Means (Pledge) “Debt Slavery=Human Mortgages=Debt Till Death! Time To Re-Think America!”
Three important videos about the #oregonstandoff
Europe Legalizes Bail In- Basically If The Banks Fail, The People Pay By Law... Business As Usual Because No One Understands These Concepts
Doc could cost Hillary election
Swedish police admit concealing mass sexual assaults by migrants at "We Are Stockholm" festival for political reasons
Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations
Why Key Performance Indicators Often Aren't: And How It Hurts Organizations
Why Do Americans Work So Much?
Unprecedented sex harassment in Helsinki at New Year: police
Why is my Reddit account being signed in from Random IP address?
The Hitler Conspiracy in 10 Minutes with Kristan T Harris
Coming to the Rescue of “Our Terrorists”: US Evacuated Islamic State (ISIS/Daesh) Fighters from Ramadi
This Guy Converted His Motorcycle To Run On Water! Now He Will Have To Watch His Back
I literally thought of this question, searched youtube and here's the answer. So sad if it's true also if it's not.
Davos And Its Threat To Democracy
The Origin Of Education And Mandatory Schooling
This is appropriate considering the executive branch powers superseding the constitution through executive orders.
Politicians Admit The System Is Corrupt (List of Actual Quotes)
Turkey's Erdoğan praises Hitler and wants Turkey's governmental structure to be like Nazi Germany's.
Bill Maher: "I would never get any vaccine"
Iran Has US Navy GPS Equipment, Will Prove 'American Ships Were Snooping'
Body found at Dyatlov Pass where 9 hikers mysteriously died in 1959
World’s Leading Kabbalist, Guru to Billionaires, Is Going to Jail
ISIS Psyop Reaches New Heights: Now Offering Western Mass Media Story Analysis
‘Smart’ Meters Represent Industrial Profiteering and Government Sanctioned Surveillance, New Study Says
What is going on in Michigan? First the water crisis in Flint, now this.
Planet Earth Really Hates Donald Trump
Ammon Bundy, 3 others arrested in Oregon amid shots fired
Some serious propaganda against China happening now on '60 Minutes' happening now.
R/conspiracy who really is controlling the strings?
The Panopticon Theory and the official versus hidden motivations of mass surveillance
The plummeting global economy, the TPP, the Global Goals/2030 Agenda ... it's biblical prophecy that's unfolding more and more rapidly ... except it's the inversion of the bible that's the truth.
Conspiracy theories: The odds against are astronomical
Top Mind of law enforcement , after removing "stop resisting" album and banning OP, wants to continue the discussion ifbit in a sticky. But ONLY in the sticky.
The real king Kong story: mystery solved
The US Helped Overthrow Libya 2011. Here's What's Happening There Now
The term assault rifle is generally attributed to Adolf Hitler, who for propaganda purposes used the German word " Sturmgewehr".
Aaron Swartz's Quest to Keep Corporations From Privatizing the Internet
What do you guys and gals think about MGTOW v Feminism, in regards to agenda 21?
Obama Is Trying to Keep Program That Armed Drug Cartels Secret, Judge Says Otherwise
Alleged us military document claims UFO stunned guards, remotely armed and unlocked one our nukes in 1968
Can someone give me the propaganda-based definition of "ISIS Inspired"?
The Counted: Database of People killed by police in the US
Modern art is the perfect vehicle for money laundering.
New Year Ushers The Launch Of Agenda 2030
US Intelligence Spied on Venezuelan Military Attaché, pro-Chavez Group in Dominican Republic, Diplomatic Cable Reveals
Organic Farmers Win GMO Fight in Jackson County, Oregon
The problem with this sub is that you have a lot of hypocrites
Oi m9's I just found out that when I wriete somthing down the form of my hand looks like a traenigle. Illminati conefimred?
About the X Files and what it suggests.
The truth can set you free but is incredibly isolating and depressing. How can we remain optimistic when exposing the conspiracy?
