How long can defrosted ground beef (safely) stay in fridge?
In your experience, when buying groceries, do name brands matter? or do you just opt for generic version of items?
Is quality olive oil worth it?
Posh Nosh - Extraordinary Food for Ordinary People
Thoughts on liquid aminos?
I have a cheap ribeye and a caste iron skillet. Tell me what to do!
$100 DIY Sous Vide - Build Video
HELP! Over salted a New York strip
Are there any pre-made store bought items that are better than something you can make at home? Or are more cost/time effective to buy than to do yourself?
How to cook zebra steak?
Bought beef stew meat but don't want beef stew anymore. What else can I make with it?
LPT: A cheap knife sharpener will change your life
Can I get food poisoning from bacterial growth on saliva residue do you think? Like if I used a drinking glass without washing it or something.
Help me with beans!
What to do with "tomato oil" ?
How might I repurpose leftover creamed chipped beef on toast (S.O.S)?
I cook a hundred or so felafel a day in this pan. Is thing anything I should worry about and if so why?
Porridge, Cooking in General, why is it such a cunt.
Biggest Crock Pots?
HELP- DYI Tea Calender
What to do with Dough you don't need?
In orange chicken, are you supposed to use sweetened or unsweetened orange juice?
Help me not destroy my first hard boiled egg
Cranberry Jelly for Cranberry Juice substitute
Does anyone know of a good asian cooking channel on youtube?
Good stew/soup recipes for a college student?
Can anyone recommend a good analog, leave-in, thermometer?
Square dinnerware? Need ideas
Help me find a cherry soup recipe
The Crème Brûlée Incident
What are some nutritious but not fiborous green leafy vegetables I can throw into stir fry? Also where to buy seaweed fresh?
(Question) Anyone have any creative suggestions on what I can do with Garlic Mayo?
What is the correct way to store leftover raw homemade pasta?
Best way to reheat leftover pancakes?
How can I improve my breakfast sandwich?
Need help with measuring basil
Is there a website or an app for liquor drinks?
What are these utensils?
Guys would appreciate you checking out my new cooking site
Is the kimchi I made safe to eat? Weird taste
Home Cooks for New TV Show
Is my meat safe to eat?
How do you feel about tuna salad with dried blueberries and feta cheese?
Need help finding an automatic egg cooker for my 90-year-old grandmother.
Looking to improve my chicken marinating
Tried anchovies in tomato sauce, I think its a little overpowering any fix?
Why is it so hard to find lemonless mayonnaise on shelves nowadays?
Can I substitute sake for mirin?
Questions about rice wine and vinegar in Hainanese Chicken recipe
Made pizza last night - how do I keep the crust crispy and not soggy?
Should I season a stainless steel pan, yes or no?
springform pan
A shot in the dark, but would anyone here have any recommendations for subreddits or blogs pertaining to hosting company? A resource of things to always have ready to go in the event of an unexpected guest, etc.... In general, how to be a great, warm host?
Help me make a less salty version of this french fry sauce!
Bacon inspired dishes
what is the flavorless gloss above mousse cake?
Does unpasteurized kimchi have to be refrigerated even before opening?
How to know what spices need adding to a dish?
Help with ravioli filling recipe?
First time cooking Thai Green Chicken Curry, it turned out fine but if anyone's got any tips to make it better...
What are the tiny lumps that form outside steaks?
Post wine and cheese soup help
Spicy Mayo? I have no sriracha or hot sauce (except for a maybe few packets from Taco Bell).
Packaged beef with funky smell?
Looking for ideas on a veggie spread
Tomato sauce storage question
Hi, I'm a beginner in the world of cooking but have been really enjoying it. I'm looking into spending less than 50$ on a pairing and utility knife, can someone recommend a cheaper quality knife set?
Looking for something to accompany a cheddar and broccoli soup
instant ramen tips/sugestions
Bought a large jar of Kimchi - what simple dishes can I prepare that will compliment it well?
Quick &amp; Easy Microwave Cookbook with over 50 recipes! FREE TODAY!
What's your favorite crock pot recipe?
How to cook opah?
Cooking around the world.
Favorite way to misuse kitchen tools?
why people still buy frozen pizza?
Can i continue reducing stock after it has been refrigerated?
Request: Your favorite home-made salad dressing?
What is the cooking range in the pic of this sub-reddit?
Given the recent posts about MSG, here's an article with interesting perspective and info about the history, cultural aspects, and science of MSG.
A stupid Mac n Cheese question.
Where in the world can I find Caesar dressing that tastes like the type they have at restaurants?
Give me some three-cheese baked macaroni recipes, please!
How to alter cream cheese frosting to include Sustagen Hospital Strength powder, protein powder and/or almond meal?
Did I overcook my brie?
How to microwave bananas?
Working with San Marzano Tomatoes
My mother wanted a new, smaller kitchen knife, so I made her one.
I'm soup obsessed! I can't stop making them! What are your favorite soup recipes?
Your chill recipe
Ossobuco: what would you serve with it.
How to cook red/brown rice and its benefits
Homemade Ice Cream
Cooking Newbie with a question
Best way to cook Deer meat?
Penzey's ancho quality
Crock Pot vs Pressure Cooker
How does soy sauce do in a slow cooker?
Heavy whipping cream ruined my Tomato soup...bleh
How likely is it to get salmonella from undercooked chicken?
Looking for good ideas that don't need a hob
Braised short ribs came out fatty...how to fix?
Could these skewers be made on a George Forman grill?
What should I do when the fat disappears mid-saute?
How I think about Food: Salted Caramel Creme Brulee
Breaking down a duck, in fast forward
Expanding my repertoire
Brian's Clam Bake, or cream of potato, mushroom, broccolo, celery, clam chowder.
Using flax seed powder as a butter substitute?
Favorite use for Szechuan peppercorns?
Simple Chicken Marination Question
Easy and unique uses for chicken legs?
What are your favorite barebones recipes with under 6 ingredients?
Bouquet garni: do you use them? How often? In anything other than slow cooker recipes?
Pulled Chicken Sliders with Alabama White Lightning sauce
Is there an economical way to make a "Blooming Onion"? I hate wasting so much oil for just one thing.
Can i use frozen pork shoulder bone for soup?
Steamed dumplings turned out soggy. How can I avoid this?
Soy sauce incredibly salty?
Precooked holiday ham question
I'm looking for recipe suggestions for guinea fowl, I've never cooked this before.
Rice side for black bean patties?
Thoughts on Thermador?
Is there any way to avoid the frothy flour bubbling when deepfrying?
Can I pre-bread chicken for Chicken Parm?
Ravioli dolci fritti ripieni con marmellata di Anko
A Good, Easy, Meal for 9 People
Help with pinto beans.
Looking for help with a salmon recipe, as my oven only heats to 350 degrees.
I want to like tofu
Dissolving sugar/coffee powder in melted butter leads to a clumpy mess
Tips on polenta
Chicken Saag Curry with Bombay Potatoes and Dal: Recipe
Guys, when you do this to your rice don't throw it out. This is toasted and delicious. Black is burnt.
Is this safe to eat?
How early to salt a steak that is going to be sous vide?
Ideas for Romantic Dinner?
What am I doing wrong? Trying to melt chocolate but it keeps burning.
Schnitzel! And Spaetzle!
Recipe ideas needed!
Sakkai knives?
Fix My Mistake Time! What to Make with Ground Pork and Steamed Rice....GO!
Milk alternatives
Good snacks for avoiding carbs?
Ideas for Potluck?
Help making egg breakfast muffins
How do I properly brown chicken fillets?
Mint Lamb With Roasted Root Veg
Anyone have any experience with making Udon noodles? I have some questions.
Granny Smith bakes delicios COOKIES, not only for Christmas (Home-Baking)
Is this a waste of cheese?
Best use for leftover spaghetti sauce?
Guys, I'm trying desperately to find a pie recipe from my childhood and not even google has been able to help me.
My fiancé surprised me with the gas grill I've been pining after. I'm new to cooking on a gas grill. Tell me what I need to cook!
I have a mixture of minced bella mushrooms, cooked chicken and carrots; what can I make with it?
What causes lemon curd to taste "eggy"?
Making mac and cheese help
In laws got me a cutco chefs knife and steak knives as a present.
Looking for Pistachio recipes
Dumb question: can I pasta in like...anything?
Sauces and preservatives
Thanks /r/cooking for helping me (pictures/recipe included)
What bread maker would you recommend?
What is your favorite make-the-house-smell-delicious meal? Recipes welcome!
Jack Link's Beefy Jerky Recipe?
How is washing fruits and vegetables is just faucet water supposed to prevent Salmonella and other diseases? Won't there still be e coeli?
How to Go About Buying Cooking Ingredients Online?
Deep fried breakfast
deBuyer Mineral B Fry Pan 9.5" - Seasoned :P
How to stop powders like bouillon getting hard?
Non-stick pan recommendations?
Would a french toast casserole taste good after being cooked and frozen? Ingredients: Eggs, almond milk, vanilla, bread - topped with walnuts and sugar.
Home made ramen advice?
Baking Soda to Reduce the Fishy Smell in Fish?
Making Sausage-Stuffed Mushrooms for a party tomorrow, help me make them a slam!
I need a really, really good brownie recipe. Can anyone recommend one?
Dinner Party Menu
I got an immersion blender next week, made three vegetarian soups, what's next?
Chicago style italian beef
anyone here know a little bit about ovens.. about to buy my first one :]
Can anybody explain the cross-sectional parallel cuts when dicing onions?
Delicious and flavorful pureed foods for adults?
How do you keep yourself motivated to keep cooking?
Pork Tenderloin Question
Boston cream pie recipe?
Anodized aluminum uses and usage
RECIPE: Bahn Mi Style Turkey Burgers
Any way to get restaurant style grill flavor at home?
Easy Fried Rice with Chicken and Veggies!
Interesting talks by chef's and food professionals?
So ... what are you planning to cook during your snowed-in Saturday?
Let's talk gnocchi.
Deep fried chicken tenders
Thai red curry with a twist
Easy Chili Recipe + a ridiculously edited video I made of the process
Anyone have experience with home made caramel squares?
Jewish style Beef Brisket
How to keep sauce adhered to chicken and prevent it from clumping up?
Is it possible to overcook chicken?
Just received cast iron griddle pan - what to do?
Cast iron on glass top stove?
Looking for suggestions on replacing nearly all our pots, pans and skillets
What are your favourite pasta recipes?
How can I make salads interesting?
For future reference, how did you save a certain dish from disaster?
Help with pot and pan set
Looking for healthy fruit smoothie recipies.
Farfalle al limone con pepite di galletto zenzero e curcuma
How do you go about calculating nutrition in food you cook at home?
How do electric ovens handle pressure build up?
Garlic Butter and Wine Roasted Mushrooms on Cast Iron
Cutting board for cleaver use - what do you recommend?
Muffins with a filling?
Looking for a spicy snack with a decent shelf/fridge life
What cheese would you use to stuff meatballs that is NOT mozzarella?
Non-paella uses for a paella pan?
Grapefruit/lime Ceviche with blueberries because let's pretend it's not winter.
I have a LOT of purple basil, what do I make?
How many scovilles is a pickled banana pepper?
Does anyone have a (non-meat) alternative to J&amp;D's Bacon Salt that doesn't cost as much as gold?
Which is more insulting, giving a tea snob a cafeteria teabag or a coffee snob instant coffee?
Bewildered by herbs and spices
Good Instructional Cooking Youtube Channels
Is it okay to fry french fries in same oil after frying fried chicken?
Bacon &amp; Ghost pepper tacos?
Australian review of a $100 sous vide machine (and first sous vide meal)
I just got a magic bullet for my birthday. Should I keep it, and what can I make in it?
How do I add fresh tomatoes to my garlic-basil sauce without turning it into tomato sauce?
Tips for carnitas?
Caliphalon tri-ply discontinued?
Wanted: Cookbook Recommendations for cookbook book club.
Food Processors / Blenders - need some help, please
Pasta Dish for Group
What cooking oils should I use?
What is something new I can make for breakfast?
Vanilla Fruit Salad Recipe
Recipes with White Wine Vinegar?
How do I make bread split at the top?
What to with leftover oil?
Make $10 Delicious Homemade Macaroni and Cheese
Kitchenaid Mixer 6qt 600 design series.
Leftover Kombu and Bonito Flakes
Alternative to porgy/seabream?
Homemade peanutbutter too thick?
Is Guy Fieri the Gordon Ramsay of the US?
Need brand recommendations for nonstick cookware
Got some tuna steaks.. Thinking of making some of them into Applebee's wonton tacos, what you think?
Help on developing the "eye" for cooking
Making coleslaw
PSA: Blackened Gator Tail
Is there anything to substitute MSG in a breading for frying?
I am going to be cooking Gordon Ramsay's sticky pork ribs, I got bone in country ribs, do you think these are ok?
Help! I'm trying to make Bàhn Xéo - Vietnamese Crepes, but the batter sticks to the bottom of the pan...
Mulled wine cook times seem awfully short, what happens if....
Is it a good idea to add mashed canned anchovies/sardines to a soup?
My deep fryer arrives today -- what should I make first?
Homemade Brownies Topped with Toasted Marshmellows
Spices/Seasonings for a crock pot turkey chili?
Are there any good recipes for making rice cakes?
Kitchenaid waffle iron in Denmark. Also: waffle iron recommendations
I just made this Borsh recipe it's pretty delicious
I made pork empanadas
My mother bought me a Pomelo and is bringing it over today. What does it taste like and what's the best thing to make with it??
I have some diced hot peppers in homemade pepper oil. What can I do to turn this into some kickass salsa for chips?
World's Top Chefs Joined Forces to Help the Children in Need
world's best guacamole
What appliances/tools/toys are absolutely necessary in your kitchen?
Safe to eat five year old, vacuum sealed, deep freezer frozen chicken?
Pressure cooker vs sous vide
Cooking brown rice tips
Can I make a risotto with the stock made from pork bones?
How do I use this oven?
How long does meat last in the fridge straight from the grocery store?
Cornish hen, potatoes and frozen spinach. What can I make with these main ingredients?
My brined pork tenderloin came out of the fridge looking greyish- is it ruined?
What are some good pistachio recipes (besides ice cream)?
Home made green apple candies!
Looking for advice for an eggnog cheese sauce I want to make tonight.
Best way to make a sandwich?
When do you repeat a recipe? When do you look for a better one?
Can I get Mexican eggs in the US ?
I need a fast and yummy recipe with these simple ingredients, can you help me?
Inherited an incorrectly seasoned Griswold cast iron skillet. I've tried and failed to re-season. Advice?
What to do with a leftover cheese tray?
Corned beef and cabbage troubleshooting
How do I clean my cheesecloth?
Cookbooks or sites for complete fucking morons?
Best Sparkling Water Maker?
*What sugary snakes can i make with these ingredients?*
I need big, large-in-size low-calorie snacks (under ~400 calories)
Bread longetivity is scaring me
Are there any good youtube cooking channels devoted to Ethiopian food?
Looking for a simple tasty curry recipe
My rice always comes out mushy. How do I get the nice solid separate grains like at a Chinese resto?
Substitutes for red wine as a minor?
Bad Recipe, Good Meal: Shopping Day Mi-Goreng [NSFW Language]
My whole apartment smells like oil... or something.
Recipes say "screaming hot pan" but every time I do that, the butter/oil burns like crazy, the food sticks like crazy, and I end up with a mess. What am I doing wrong?
A tote/pack for cooking tools and gadgets?
Can I use a regular soup recipe Ina slow cooker?
Advice on this glaze I'm attempting...
Looking for an app to write down own recipes
How to make the boring parts of a chicken taste great?
Spelt wheat with parsley and mushrooms
Looking for more flavor in pizza dough
What are some good dinner ideas to cook on a date?
Anyone use korean marble skillets?
Could use some tips for my Thai fried rice. Getting close to tasting like the restaurant.
New to cast iron skillet..help?
Cooking regularly for a vegetarian and a few meat-eaters. Any suggestions on great vegetarian recipes that everyone will love?
What's your favorite Japanese food?
Spots on thawed chicken breast?
Use the Most Vital cooking oil to protect your health
Recipes/preparations for beef tongue?
Can i add garlic when frying raw chicken?
Can i use this to cook chicken /fish ?
Tagliatelle fresche con pesto di pistacchi e prosciutto cotto
Stainless steel pan help
Ravioli Vegan strachicco e spinaci con zucca e strachicco
Gall friendly replacements
Anyone got any good orzo recipes?
Scrambled Egg Combos?
Williams Sonoma Cutting Board Recommendations? Maple vs Walnut? Boos vs Private Label?
Today I made twice baked potatoes for the first time. (With Shepherd's pie stuffing). I learned an important lesson.
Chocolate Whoopie Pies
CHEFS online store is going out of business, up to 90% off equipment.
Substitutes for 7 Up in 7 Up Biscuits?
Cooking Turkeys
Can I freeze homemade salad dressing?
Low-Cal Meals for Someone Who Likes to Cook?
How would it turn out if I add cooked meat to my uncooked rice, and cook the whole lot in my rice cooker?
Best way to cook shredded chicken sandwiches for 30-ish people.
Is granola in a crock pot possible, or am i just lazy?
Easy to make Vegetarian/Vegan Recipes?
Rehydrating kidney beans?
Healthy dishes? Snacks? Healthy deserts?
What to do with lots of clementines gone mushy?
Got house with existing kitchen garden, can anyone help identify the plants?
Croissant Sandwich Ideas
What unusual/weird/strange food did you eat as a child?
[Nation's first vegan butcher shop opening in Minneapolis] (http://www.startribune.com/nation-s-first-vegan-butcher-shop-to-open-in-minneapolis-jan-23/364641531/)
Do I have anything here?
Coddlo vs Inkbird sous vide
Are these even worth sharpening?
Online recipes: Do you use them or do you hate them?
Help i'm stuck
I suck at cooking
Favorite Books On Cooking?
Trying to make a BBQ sauce from Cream Soda
Letting Brownie batter sit vs. baking immediately?
I want to sous vide but I don't have much money. Does anyone have any tips on how to do this frugally?
Got a full bag of frozen peas. Want to try to make pea soup. What's your absolute best recipe?
Accidentally set my fish on fire. Still tasted great, though!
Just bought a large Pyrex roaster, any suggestions of what I can make?
How to cook hamburgers in skillet without burning?
Tired of eating like a 20 year old guy. Where do I start?
Foamy stuff that comes to the top of the pot while boiling chicken
What to do with grains of paradise?
Recipes with bananas?
Does anyone recognize the brand of skillet Ramsay is using in this and other videos?
Frozen Grapefruit Supremes
What are your favorite recipes for each ingredients?
Breading chicken... how?
Cast iron wok vs Japanese iron wok (peking pan)?
Parmesan cleanup question
If you had to limit your spice rack to half a dozen spices, which ones would you choose?
How many days can raw chicken (still in packaged from the grocery) can last in a home refrigerator? Also, how many days can cooked chicken (e.g., baked/broiled) can last in the fridge?
Put Teflon in the dishwasher, could it have caused damage it? Why exactly can't I put it in the dishwasher?
Ok...people are going away until the 24th. I don't want baked chicken every night...
[Urgent!] Substitute for baking paper?
I need to start eating chicken but have a tough time with the taste of it. Can someone recommend recipes that minimize the chicken flavor so I can get accustomed to it?
Carrots, WHAT TO DO!?!111!
Cooking for people on a diet with limited kitchenware
Looking for book recommendations about grocery shopping
Started working on a new crock-pot soup recipe, could use some suggestions.
Cork as a Kitchen Island...Good idea?
Can you recommend me decent steak knives and also what is the best way to store my new knives along with a chef's and paring knife?
Best way to cook a steak in the oven?
My rice and beans recipe came out bland even though I added more salt.
Tonkotsu Broth Shortcuts?
I'm in the mood for some fried chicken, but there are so many styles. What's your favorite and why?
What store brand items do you recommend people avoid?
Recommendations for a blender that can handle frozen fruit?
Request: Type of knife to buy as a gift for amateur chef?
Best ideas for an easy side to some grilled lamb chops?
Really simple question: How to melt cheese for croissant sandwich?
What is this tool? A spring that can be squeezed apart
Best method to make naan with no yeast but still have soft and fluffy texture?
Recipe conventions with imperial measures
Pure Cilantro Sauce? (Or other forms of Cilantro Preservation?)
Has anyone used the Ziploc Vacuum Pump for sous vide?
Book of cooking techniques.
What type of canned tomatoes does Gordon Ramsay use and why?
My oven doesn't have a broiler component. Is there any way I can manipulate the oven settings to get something close to a broiling effect?
Is it possible to achieve seolleongtang's white milkiness in one batch?
Best way to handle making a soup with frozen turkey
Is it okay to use high heat when cooking?
Traditional Italian cook book suggestions?
Can you make a well done steak juicy?
In need of a cornbread recipe that isn't sweet
Spaghetti sauce doesn't have enough soup to it.
Small spice jars with multi-use lid -- do they even exist?
Lasagne ai carciofi con besciamella mozzarella e prosciutto
Seasonings for popcorn?
Japanese Hibachi soup
Meatloaf Recipe
OK so my roommate says my cooking chicken leaves an odor in his room even when the kitchen fan is at level 4 (highest). Could I get some suggestions to lower the odor?
Frozen Booze-Berries and Greasy Brownies
I got a new all clad pan. Looking for suggestions on what to make this weekend.
Some of my dried chick peas seem to be crumbling, are the rest safe?
I seasoned my wok with peanut oil. Is no longer safe for me to cook for someone who has a peanut allergy?
Buttercream emergency
How would I make a lot creme brulee for a good sized group of college students?
Pizza Night Done Right!
What to serve with Asian-style soup?
I have a ton of frozen whole apples, wondering if people have any idea of what I can do with them?
Does anyone have a good recipe for southern fried chicken?
Easiest and ingredients-friendly Butter Chicken and/or Chicken Tikka Masala?
Learning How to Use Spices Without a Recipe?
Escarole substitute?
Breakfast crumpets
What does a single man do with an entire frozen Turkey?
Pot Roast question
Can one master stock be used for braising many different meats?
Anything to make filtering oil easier?
Super Stews Thread!
Wild Boar Advice (x-post r/food)
Cooking Goat Shoulder + Tips and Dishes?
About to move to an apartment with one burner, what are your best one pit meals
Favorite leftover chicken recipe?
Is there a case where it's better to use MSG than salt?
are de buyer pans supposed to have a convex bottom?
New to Vegetarian cooking? AMA
How much chicken in chicken stock?
Cuddrireddri di Delia di Carnevale
Help recommending some dishes for my sick friend?
Paddestoelen risotto op klassiek Italiaanse wijze
Help me choose a recipe to cook with friends.
What am I doing wrong with my pan that everything sticks
I made a London Broil and I think you should too
Why did my skillet catch on fire?!
What items do you find are easier to buy than to make?
Can I make ceviche out of non-fish meat?
Deep Frying without a Fryer
Does risotto store well?
Valentine's day meal
Confit de Canard--how do I cook these?
Is there any significant difference between end results with slow cooking and pressure cooking?
Semi Drunken PSA: Never purchase "Keta" salmon. (unless you're running low on dog food)
Lentil Desserts?
Making pork pernil, and had a slight "lasagna battery" issue - is it safe to eat?
I need to dry out some rice (for fried rice) this morning.
Behold my latest omelette creation. Smoked Pork Tenderloin, onions, bbq sauce, and mozzarella. (link in description)
Looking for a great recipe book - need recommendations please.
How to keep potatoes warm and crunchy
Let's talk egg rings.
What can I do with the oil leftover from frying?
Any tips for getting fried eggs not to stick to stainless steal pans?
Over processed fish - can I save my fish paste?
What kinds of sauces can I make out of this stuff?
Need advice on stuffed peppers
Need a good slow-cooker spare-rib sauce....
Is there a trick to get the shell of hard-boiled eggs to peel off in large pieces?
I got a siphon for christmas and it's awesome, been making whipped cream like it's going out of style. What other neat stuff can I do with this?
We made lasagna from scratch (including hand-rolled pasta!) [x-post /r/food]
Cooking bolognese, should I fry the garlic first or just put it in after the sauce?
Pappardelle con Fiocco di Culatello e funghi Cardoncelli
Chicken thighs in refrigerator for 5 days but is still before sell by date
rib tip recipes?
Top 10 Recipes for a Bachelor
How to cook with wine?
Dumb question about lentils
Anyone interested in vintage recipes?
Where to find whole pepperoni sausage or diced pepperoni?
Uses for Purple Corn Powder?
I just bought 6 pounds of puff pastry and have no idea what to do with them.
Is there a Ramen recipe that uses beef stock?
Good uses for szechuan peppercorns?
What could spice up this simple lemon/mustard sauce?
Chicken Parmesan with cooked chicken breast?
Bland Taste of Meat in Pot Roast
Which KitchenAid mixer should I buy?
Its getting cold in NC, let's make some chili.
I'm stuck in an isolated cabin with limited ingredient choices for about a week. Please help with suggestions?
Roommate turned oven off in the middle of the night, will my pork shoulder be ok?
Non-chef celebrity cooking videos. Funny and informative
Noob needs about messed up cheesecake.
Farmhouse Kitchen: Thai adventure, and comfort, in the Mission
All Burners Spark when Lighting one burner
To stir or not to stir: how do you cook your risotto?
How to Remedy Bitter Quinoa After It's Been Cooked
can you make this garlicky kale?
any cookbook suggestions for someone with no cooking experience?
[Recipe Ideas] Shredded Chicken?
[Discussion] I don't always like my Kitchenaid mixer, do you?
Bought 5pounds of stew meat. What can I cook with it other than stew?
Greek style hot dog chili...
Dear Cooking, how to prepare beans and minimise its fart potency :)?
Recipes to make chicken broth the star of show?
DIY custom knife roll my wife made as a present a few years back
I messed up my red kidney beans prep and I not 100% sure if they are safe to eat.
First time Yorkshire Pudding perfection
How do you guys clean your wooden cutting boards?
How can I plate Jambalaya?
What are so delicious and spicy hot sauces?
Issue w cast iron smoking
Brining meats with MSG, other "Umami" salts. Anyone tried it?
Found this neat looking menu plan
Is my pork bad?
Does anyone have a good basic recipe for granola, using mainly oats and raisins?
What food can I cook to impress girls?
Learning the Fundamentals of Cooking
