Match Thread: Australia vs India at MCG, Melbourne
How come no one is excited about the U19 Cricket World Cup?
Match Thread: South Africa vs England at SuperSport Park, Centurion, Day 1
/u/goldie224 's flair
We need 3 New Zealand teams in the Big Bash
Confirmed and planned fixtures for international men's cricket in 2016
Why aren't Indians allowed to play in t20 leagues outside India?
Match Thread: Adelaide Strikers WBBL vs Brisbane Heat WBBL at Adelaide Oval No.2, Adelaide
Worst part-time bowlers
Final BBL5 Player Rankings
India vs Australia 3rd T20 Match 31 Jan 2016 Prediction, Results, Watch, Winner, Score
Michael Hussey seems to have mastered been a tosser.
Australia vs India 1st T20 Preview, Timing, Live streaming 26 January
Backyard Cricket rules
"Just not cricket – how Channel Nine is destroying a legacy" - an excellent piece and still just as relevant a year later
BBL attendances vs World Cup attendances.
'Jeez, there was a lot of bumpats last night'
Pakistan Demolishes Afghanistan in Under 19 World Cup
Pakistan Super League T20 Schedule
Play cards in 1st T20: New Zealand v Pakistan
Do Indian batsmen slow down in the 90s? To cut to the chase, the answer is yes
A new frontier for Perry | Big Bash League BBL
Dav Warner moonlighting as a 70s Soviet Prison guard?
What even is this article trying to say?
Biggest Six in Big Bash League 2016
Gazi TV)) Namibia vs Scotland U19 LI.VE Scorecard Live
Duck Hunt During The Match
10 Inspirations from Mahendra Singh Dhoni
Irfan sends gentle reminder with five-wicket haul
India vs Australia 4th ODI Match Live Streaming Score 20 Jan 2016
Melbourne Renegades vs Melbourne Stars 24th T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Big Bash League BBL T20, 2015-16
Melbourne Stars want longer Big Bash season, to be biggest cricket club in world
Cricket NSW and CA Refund Sydney Day 2 Tickets
Clive Lloyd Press Conference - Some interesting insights into West Indies' issues
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka 1st T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Sri Lanka tour of New Zealand, 2015-16
Top Batsmen and the bowlers who gave them nightmares.
Here's the complete scorecard. Were they batting on different pitches?
England look forward to a happy new year
Day-night Ashes Test on the agenda | cricket.com.au
Adam Zampa named in Australia squad for New Zealand ODIs
Draw me like one of your French girls
Black Caps squad for WT20 announced
Happy birthday!
Devandra Bishoo is injured with a shoulder injury, leaving left arm orthodox spinner Jomel Warrican the only spin bowler in the squad for the reaming spin friendly SCG test against Australia on Jan 3. (Bottom of article)
10 prospective young cricketers to observe in 2016
Lyon ‘pretty proud’ after claiming 100th Test wicket on Australia soil
Daniel Brettig:Gayle comments reflect cricket's pervasive sexism
So Nepal U19 Just Beat New Zealand U19 at the u19 WC
Match Thread: Sydney Sixers BBL vs Sydney Thunder BBL at SCG, Sydney
What's your Jersey no. and why?
Match Thread: Hobart Hurricanes BBL vs Perth Scorchers BBL at Blundstone Arena, Hobart
NZ vs Pak weather (Napier)
What kind of refreshments / food does tea and lunch breaks include for international matches?
Saturday Sledge Thread
Ever since an article came out saying that the Big Bash was weighted too heavily in favour of the chasing team, every single game has been won by the team that batted first.
Match Thread: Australia vs West Indies at SCG, Sydney, Day 1
Usman Khawaja gives a earful to Nathan Lyon
Uber Australia is offering a free 'Request an Uber Umpire' feature on Australia Day
Shahid Afridi 6 Six in Over
DE-FAULT DE-FAULT DE-FAULT (Trent Boult becomes the No.1 ranked ODI bowler)
Drama In T20 Match: Strikers v Hurricanes Adelaide Oval. BBL05 13/01/16 (Final Over)
Pakistan Super League (PSL) New Promo
Australia vs India - 3rd T20 Match Highlights
Can we just take a moment to stop hating Chris Jordan and appreciate this beautiful yorker? (from Eng vs SA A)
India vs Australia 2nd T20 L.I.V.E Scores Jan 29 today 2016
Thanks Tubbs... I mean Brett.
The 2016 Australia Day Lamb Ad. (Featuring Mitch Johnson)
Raw footage: Aussies celebrate Gabba win
Hong Kong vs Scotland 9th Match Prediction, Results 21 January 2016 Who Will Win ICC Intercontinental Cup
Joe Root 110 runs in 1st Innings of third Test
No Usman Khawaja in Australia's ODI team to face NZ
Fixing glare now on two South Africa Test players
Amir in focus as Pakistan run into red-hot New Zealand | Cricket
Out of the Ashes - A documentary about the rise of Afghan cricket
Bodi charged with match fixing
DJ Khaled on Martin Guptin. Stumbled upon this and I had to share with y'all.
When you have all the time in the world
Fox Sports interview with Big Bash League manager Anthony Everard about the Gayle issue
Australia pull out of U-19 World Cup
Pranav Dhanawade, Mumbai School Cricketer Re-Writes Record Books - Cricket News. 1000 runs in an inning.
Hi from spotless stadium, go the thunders
Kepler: AB comfortable with captaincy
BBL attendance vs A-League attendance
Players' union chief warns Twenty20 will kill Test cricket unless ICC steps in
Injured South Africa bowler Dale Steyn out of third Test against England
Leicestershire: Grace Road naming rights deal agreed
Half-A-Bradman: Virat Kohli in T20Is
Afghanistan vs Zimbabwe 3rd ODI Match Prediction 2 Jan 2016 | Live Cricket Hub
Who designed these!?
Gayle wasn't the first sports-person to do it....
AB de Villiers appointed test captain, Stephen Cook left out of plans... Again
Alright, which of you has been mucking around on Wikipedia again??
Best Left Arm Spinners of All Time
Death of a Gentleman (2015) - Full Documentary
Dhoni's lawyer denied to receive any summons in the past
Kohli now has a 50.65 average in T20Is
Match Thread: UAE vs Netherlands, World Cricket League Championship Round 3, Match 2, Abu Dhabi
REQUEST: Can someone with better data gathering skills than me tell me what Shane Watsons stats are in games where a series is still on the line compared to dead rubber matches?
Has anyone been run out on the same ball as getting a century?
Match Thread: South Africa vs England at New Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg, Day 1
Post Match Thread: Australia vs India at MCG, Melbourne
r/cricket, which player do you wish you could borrow from another Test team? From whom would you stay miles away?
Gayle to Lady Dentist - "YOU'RE A DENTIST? CAN YOU CLEAN MY TEETH WITH YOUR TONGUE"
I'm trying to understand this game
Match Thread: Unknown vs Unknown at Kingston Twin Ovals
Calling /u/eatingcardboard
India player sanctioned for send-off
Live MCL | Masters Champions League Live | MCL league cricket
Check out filtered/relevant Cricket news stories from major newspapers. Plus Offline reading feature.
Stephen Cook becomes 100th cricketer to score 100 on Test debut
Is this the greatest catch of all time?
Sydney Sixers and Thunder chase de Villiers for next season's BBL
Hey guys, started a new YouTube channel where I review all the major sporting events. Would appreciate if you guys watched and gave feedback. Thanks!!!
Joginder Sharma: Remembering Last Man Standing
Shikhar Dhawan's inconsistency hurting Team India
Why Australia's Big Bash League Is Changing The Professional Sports Paradigm (Forbes)
George Bailey bringing back the Golden Floppy
Mumbai Heroes Vs Punjab De Sher Match Prediction
Hey sports fans, last episode of Sporting Woods season 2 is here! Have a listen and a laugh whilst we wait for Chris Gayle to pull his pants up. Not that I'm watchi... oh my god it's so big.
Pakistan vs New Zealand 2nd T20 Highlights (Pak Batting)
Perth Scorchers vs Melbourne Stars 31st T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Big Bash League BBL T20, 2015-16
Interesting take on who could open for England. Must admit, I'd not considered this one!
Warwickshire profit from Ashes uplift
Rahul Dravid - The wall of India
TIL Racial quotas led Pietersen to leave South Africa, SAF chose Gulam Bodi over Pietersen
Australia vs India, 1st ODI 12-jan-2016 Actions
Australia vs India ODI cricket: Scores, wickets, winner, video
Amla quits as SA skipper
Mel Mclaughlin puts the Gayle interview to bed
ICC Ranking of Test Cricket Players
Cash-strapped Danish Kaneria says he is dying, appeals to Indian cricket board (BCCI) for help
James Anderson: England veteran still excited by Test cricket
Lehmann wins game for Strikers with six
Most Hilarious Cricketing Video Ever...?
Big Bash Cricket Funny Fails!!
Afghanistan 215/6 (20.0 ov) beat Zimbabwe 134 (18.1 ov) to take the T20 series after winning the ODI series
Mohammad Rizwan Run Out vs. New Zealand - "Where's your head at"
Best underrated fielders (the guys who consistently pull screamers). Im saying Trent Boult
The Hashim Amla Chant by barmy army
Lyon ‘pretty proud’ after claiming 100th Test wicket on Australia soil
What's your country's All-time XI?
Your best XI with at least one player from each test playing nation.
What beer do they sell at Adelaide Strikers games?
Match Thread: Sydney Sixers BBL vs Brisbane Heat BBL at SCG, Sydney
Chasing an invite to Across The Tasman OR a location to torrent yesterdays ODI
McCullum supports Pakistani Bowler Muhammad Amir’s return to int’l cricket
Question about the jump just before you bowl
Across the Tasman invite
Match Thread: New Zealand vs Sri Lanka at Bay Oval. Mount Maunganui
Nathan Lyon, Scott Boland and Andrew Tye presented with Aussie T20 caps for tonight's game.
New Zealand U19 vs Nepal U19 Group D 6th Match Prediction, Results, 28 Jan 2016 Win ICC U19 World Cup
Women's game not just Twenty20
TIL there's a cricket version of Monoply. And it looks awesome!
Asia Cup 2016 Series Schedule
No. 1 Stuart Broad defers to top two | Cricket
Dhoni advice helped me Says U-19 skipper Kishan
Buy Cricket products and combos online
Strikers worried by Jayawardena | cricket.com.au
Melbourne Renegades vs Adelaide Strikers 32nd T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Big Bash League BBL T20, 2015-16
What a fast bowling career of 20 years does to your knees
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka 2nd T20 Live Streaming, Preview &amp; Live Score| 10th Jan 2016
LIVE INDvsAUS : रोहित शर्मा की 9th सेन्चुरी, टीम इंडिया 200 रन के पार
Asia Cup 2016| Ind vs Pak T20 contests in consecutive months; Treat for Cricket fans.
Twitter Reacts To Rohit Sharma’s Amazing 150* – IND vs AUS 1st ODI
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for Cricket
The HITMAN scored a Century against AUS
Middlesex re-sign Mitchell McClenaghan
Cricinfo Live Scores - Ausralia vs India Live Cricket 2016 Updates, Cricinfo Live
New Zealand visa granted to Mohammad Amir
Pakistan vs New Zealand (Pak vs NZ) PTV Sports Live streaming Score 2nd ODI
Usman Khawaja smashed 104 runs in 1st Semi Final of Big Bash League
Joe Root could be promoted to no 3 in England order to help solve the batting collapses
Australia pull out of U-19 World Cup
Forwards from fb, but gotdamn Dravid's always got impressive shit to say!
Sri Lanka captain questioned on match fixing
Munro the killer of Sri Lankans bowler
Man mimicks Sehwag, dhoni and harbhajan , does it well
How can you play that?(Brett Lee 160 KPH)
Maray Kabhi Choka Muhammad Amir pic
Usman Khawaja's brilliant 104 off 59 balls - BBL
Three years ago today, Phillip Hughes became the first Australian to make a hundred on ODI debut.
THE DECADE ANALYSIS: Batting and Bowling in Test Cricket
Chris Gayle denies allegations that he indecently exposed himself to a woman in Sydney
India to arrive on time, Stokes be a hero, Amla to quit captaincy: Cricket’s to-do list for 2016
Big Bash All-Stars Game
Mixed Sex Cricket?
WTF is a heavy ball?
Blackcaps "Time of our lives" Documentary
Reminder: PNG are playing Ireland in Townsville soon (if any of you live nearby)
Post Match Thread: Bangladesh Under-19s v South Africa Under-19s at Chittagong (ICC Under-19 World Cup)
Aus vs Ind - Coin Toss
Match Thread: Melbourne Stars BBL vs Hobart Hurricanes BBL at MCG, Melbourne
Match Thread: Australia vs West Indies at SCG, Sydney, Day 4
Dimitri Mascarenhas to step down as Black Caps bowling coach at end of summer
Anwar Ali's deadly bouncer Seriously Injured Mitchell McClenaghan
Take Five: Somerset’s bowling in 2015
India women take T20I series in Australia
Last over of the India-Aus T20 match
Finally !!! A victory....Manish Pandey what an innings take a bow sir...Beautiful....
South Africa vs England final Test review
Handy tool : Current time at word-wide test grounds
What is your favourite cricket jersey design over the years?
Is Andrew Puttick from South Africa one of the unlukiest players of the modern generation, only got to play one ODI for RSA and that was it
india vs Austrlia matchs 20 jan 2016
Live cricket ODI: Australia vs India, Game 3 from the MCG in Melbourne
Big Show's Gatorade Cooler Challenge
Canterbury vs Auckland 16th One Day Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win The Ford Trophy, 2015-16
Bollywood : Where you run backwards to take a catch but it comes from the front.
Intelligence bolling
The Upcoming Hero: Pranav Dhanawade
Jimmy Neesham on Twitter: "Am I the only person who thinks it was a real dick move scoring 1,400 after bowling the other team for 30?"
Picture of the Opposing team in the 1009* Record
I am a temp Cricket bot and I need karma. PSA: Don't misfield when Steyn is bowling.
Pakistan Cricket team excited to have Mohammad Amir back in its ODI and T20 squads
Finch hamstring injury puts Khawaja on alert
West Indies secure No. 1 ranking in T20Is
"You are absolutely shit"
Gayle was wrapped in a towel, which she says he pulled down to partially expose his genitals to her while saying to her: "Are you looking for this?"
T20 World Cup Tickets
MS Dhoni make history win over Australia
TEMP MATCH THREAD: Aus v Ind SCG, 3rd T20I
Which players do you think will go unsold in the upcoming IPL auctions?
Is it just me or is cricinfo mobile garbage?
Opinions on Dhoni ?
If the Big Bash Grand Final has an attendance of 54,789 or more the BBL will have a higher average attendance than Major League Baseball!
People of Melbourne: How much do we need to worry about Friday's weather forecast?
Who will be the next big cricket nation?
India's Future?
With due to credit to those who came up with the idea originally: Test performance of Indian governor generals and Prime ministers.
Why aren't India's bowlers ever held accountable for anything??!
Scores from 0-100 by balls faced
Weekly Niche Cache Cricket Awards 25/01
Cricket Australia to address imbalance between bat and ball after summer of tons.
While Test batting averages for all batsmen and the top 5 batsmen has stayed remarkably constant for the past 40-50 years, it is striking how ODI averages have improved in the 2010s - average for all batsmen have gone up by 7 runs, while for top order batsmen has actually gone up by 9 runs.
India 50/0 (6.2 ov, Rohit Sharma 23*,Shikhar Dhawan 20*, James Faulkner 0/15) | Australia vs India Live Scorecard
Chris Lynn named Big Bash League's player of the tournament
Australia needs 185 Runs to Win 2nd T20 Match
Sanga in the Nets. So Incredibly Still at the Crease!
Warner says Steve Smith's live chat with broadcaster from middle had no impact on batsman's dismissal and hails 'entertainment'
भारत के खिलाफ टी-20 सीरीज के लिए श्रीलंकन टीम का एलान
Mohammad Shahzad smashes 118 runs off 67 balls vs Zimbabwe in 2nd T20
When your boss makes a bad joke but you laugh cause you lowkey not trying to lose your job
New Zealand vs Pakistan 2nd T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Pakistan tour of New Zealand, 2016
Dwayne bravo stunt has KP dying of laughter
West Indies: The year from hell
Mitchell Marsh - Highest Base price in IPL? LOL.
New Zealand vs Pakistan 2nd T20 Highlights 17/01/2016
ECB announce hosts for inaugural Women's Super League
8 Best Cricket Games for PC, PS and Xbox
A peek into an IPL talent scout's notebook
Bigging up the WBBL/BBL, Blasting the Blast (Podcast)
Decided to spent NYE camping I the bush...made sure to bring the essentials.
Kane Williamson &amp; Martin Guptill 171* - world record T20 partnership
BBC Sport - South Africa v England: Dale Steyn in Test and ODI squads
South Africa vs England 3rd Test Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win England tour of South Africa, 2015-16
Misbah's thoughts on PSL and Amir's return.
'I can smash 12-year-olds too' NZ Journalist's take on 1000 run kid
Why isnt Usman khawaja in the Aussie side?
"Stay in your limits Steve, you're far away". 12 month later, Steve went on to become the No.1 Test batsman.
Video: MS Dhoni got angry over Yuvraj Singh in the 2011 WC final
English fast bowler dies at the age off 22
THUNDER WINS EVERYTHING TODAY
Pakistan Fast Bowler Mohammad Amir set back to international cricket against ? http://goo.gl/oSqxa3
Why isn't Khawaja in the ODI Squad and T20 Squad?
Post Match Thread: Australia vs India at MCG, Melbourne
Does anyone actually care about the MCL
Usman Khawaja explanation please?
Is it true that 2 match series can't be counted as a whitewash ?
Which game pre Reddit would've had the most epic match thread?
Fast bowler with the most natural action?
Match Thread: Libra Legends vs Gemini Arabians, MCL 2020 - Masters Champions League at Dubai, UAE
[SA vs ENG 4th test Day 1 wickets+extras][22.1.16]
Do cricket dead rubbers matter? How do you approach them as a fan?
Match Thread: Sydney Thunder v Hobart Hurricanes at Bellerive Oval
Would anyone like to come to day 2 of the AUS vs WI test? (For free).
[Mod Post] Voting for the best of r/cricket 2015 has begun
Match Thread: Adelaide Strikers WBBL vs Melbourne Stars WBBL at Junction Oval, St. Kilda
Decision Review System likely to be used in IPL 9 - Cricbuzz
Watson 124* powers Australia to 197
Australia's incredible winning streak at home
TELUGU WARRIORS VS KERALA STRIKERS LIVE
Chanderpaul deserved proper send-off: Lara
Preview: India vs Australia 3rd T20I
Finch suffers injury, Khawaja to replace him
Top article, until it tells me that Siddle is over 140km/h
Ladies and Gentleman, Jeff Thomson in his full uncensored Glory!!!!
South Africa's weird season
IPL- Mohammed shami
India and Sri Lanka to play T20 series in February
MS Dhoni on Pranav Dhanawade's 1009-run knock
Rohit sharma 171 score actions AUS vs IND 2016
Introducing cricketr! : An R package to analyze performances of cricketers
Ben Stokes-Jonny Bairstow World Record Partnership - Annihilate South Africa
Misbah's England prep cut short by injury | Cricket
IND vs AUS: वनडे के 6 में से 5 रिकॉर्ड पर है इंडियंस का कब्जा
Mahendra Singh Dhoni: Local court in Andhra recalls its non-bailable warrant order against Indian skipper
Australia ends the third Test with a draw against Windies
O'Keefe in, Siddle out for SCG test
Adding other sport facilities will damage cricket field: BCCI
Essex CCC announce new Club Sponsor
Australia withdraw from U19 World Cup in Bangladesh Over Security Concerns
The whole of r/cricket Today
Australia vs India 1st ODI: Why India lost a winnable match?
Dhoni’s advice to fan- practice before taking selfies
AB de Villiers Celebration HD Wallpaper
Unbelievable: Meet crickter who scored 1009 runs in an innings
Ben Stokes plays one of the best innings in England test history. 258 off 198 balls. Second fastest double century in history.
Millions spent on beer at Newlands
Ben Stokes smashes 258 runs vs South Africa in Second Test
Top 5 Tallest Bowlers in the History
Greatest 11 players ever plus 12th man and coach for good measure
BCCI announces IPL salaries of retained players
Restart of Watching Cricket after Sachin's Retirment
Reasons why England won in South Africa
Shahid Afridi 23 Runs off 8 Balls - Full Highlights - NZ vs PAK 1st T20 2016 HD
Twitter Reacts to Stuart Broad Demolishing South Africa
Milinda Siriwardana Bowls The Worst Ball In 2016, So Far...
FUCK YOU BILLY BOWDEN
Match Thread: Australia vs India at Manuka Oval, Canberra
How do you get into playing cricket as an adult?
IPL: What are the team rules, exactly?
What happened to India's bowling?
Indian fast bowlers destroyed by coaching
How come no one ever invites Bangladesh for international Series?
Friend accidentally bought Dry GA tickets for Stars vs Hobart on Weds at MCG - ticket specifies Gate 1 (Ponsford). Anyone know if you can walk through to Southern Stand inside?
FAST BOWLING APPRECIATION THREAD- Best fast bowler since the retirement of Glenn McGrath?
Australia pick Cameron Bancroft for third T20I
India U19 vs New Zealand U19 Group D 13 Match 30 Jan 2016 Prediction, Results, ICC U19 World Cup
Shane Watson 124 Batting Leads to 197 Runs
Live Score Cricket
Netherlands break Emirati resistance to top the table (Intercontinental Cup
Shakib`s net worth Tk 276 crore
Why don't other grounds maintain the field during rain like they do in Sri Lanka ? Just Cover the Whole field
Chaminda Vaas joins Ireland as a consultant bowling coach
SPORTS REPORT: Nice guys don't always finish last
1st T20I: Australia v India Live at Adelaide, Jan 26, 2016
Pakistan vs New Zealand 1st One Day Match Live streaming Score
Sunil Gavaskar was almost swapped with a fisherman's baby after birth!
Telugu Warriors Vs Kerala Strikers’s Match Prediction
On the Chris Gayle Issue Maria Sharapova did it first "What was the question I was just admiring your form"
Sports and Recreation Minister: CSA handled the match-fixing scandal poorly
TIL of Greg Loveridge, a spin bowler who made his test debut against Zimbabwe in 1996. New Zealand batted first, and Loveridge broke his knuckle in the process. He therefore didn't bowl or field and never played again. His test career lasted 22 balls.
Stream the India v WA XI practice T20
2015: Top 10 Best Indian Batting Performances
DADA IS BACK! First Pictures from the Unveiling : Libra Legends Jersey, Captain and Team List
Tamim, Sylhet Superstars owner to be fined over BPL spat : BCB
Historic Feat ! Auto rickshaw driver's son Pranav Dhanawade scores a world record 1,009 runs !
The Graeme Smith episode continues
✪✪ Tamim Iqbal ✪✪ How to Draw A Person (Tamim Iqbal)
DJ Khaled's tribute to Martin Guptill
Goa vs Madhya Pradesh Match Prediction, Results, Toss Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, 2016
Stuart Broad: I may be the world No1 but I know I’m not the best
Colin Munro - 50 Off 14 Balls vs. Sri Lanka (2nd Fastest T20 International Half Century)
Cuts &amp; Glances: Travis Head has come so far so fast
Bah gawd its reached the papers
Cricketers who retired in 2015
7 Top Most Shocking Controversies of Cricket World
Does anyone remember this incident?
Is Mitchell Marsh an all-rounder?
Anyone think that India's collapse was... a bit odd?
3rd Test RSA vs England Pre Match Thread
Kane Williamson in T20's
ICC World T20 2016 tickets
[Mod Post] Voting thread - cricketing villain of 2015 (any format)
Cricket photo archive (help)
Request - South Africa v England, 2nd Test, Day 1 Highlights
Mitchell McClenaghan click a selfie in Hospital
Believe you can do it, Joe Clarke tells England Under-19s World Cup squad
India Live Streaming
Canada U19 vs Pakistan U19 Group B 12th Match 30 Jan 2016 Prediction, Results, ICC U19 World Cup
Redesigning Cricket Scorecards
NZ Island of Origin T20 announced
Mumbai Heroes vs Punjab De Sher Live Streaming Online
The best cricket match finish
Darren Lehmann hospitalised. Won't be travelling with the team for the next T20I
Won a signed cricket bat, can someone please tell me who the signatures are of?
Quinton de Kock jokes are arguably the pinnacle of commentary...
Jayawardena slated for finals comeback | Big Bash League BBL
[OLD ADVERT] What does Rod Marsh do with his Vaseline petroleum jelly?
Pakistan U19 vs Afghanistan U19 L.I.V.E Streaming Scores
Dizzy: The Blast can learn from the Bash - News
Virender Sehwag: 'You realise your impact only after you retire'
A Nightmare for Stuart Broad
Umesh Yadav great yorker delivery to Ricky Ponting
Indian schoolboy Pranav Dhanawade scores record 1,009 runs in one innings
Starc likely to miss wt20
Irfan Pathan with a peach of a delivery in the Syed Mushtaq Ali tournament.
Big Bash League jumps into top 10 of most attended sports leagues in the world | smh.com.au
The Basil D'Oliveira Trophy: A recent history
Michael Clarke announces comeback. "I quit too soon".
Day one without the Big Bash
AUS vs IND 2016: Players ratings of Indian players
Harbhajan Singh and Yuvraj Singh linked to a Ponzi scam
Is anyone else bored of all these shit aussie pitches?
Hey Pakistan! Why do you still have Afridi?
Does anyone know how Talking Boony worked?
Black Caps squad named for Chappell-Hadlee series
Masters Champions League: Everything you need to know
Two Men Out: Should England Be The New Pakistan?
TIL There's practice nets at Lords where you can pay to play with the facilities including bowling machines, Hawk-Eye and Pitch Vision.
India vs Australia 4th Odi 2016 Live streaming services from Manuka Oval...
5 Positives India can take from the T20 Series - Kridangan
Bangladesh vs South Africa U19 1st ODI Live Scorecard | Predictions – Jan 27, 2016
India vs Australia 3rd ODI Live streaming on star sports, DD National
Hardik Pandya sanctioned by ICC for celebrating excessively
New Zealand stadium announcer reprimanded for taunting Mohammad Amir | Cricket
President Bartlet is a cricket-hating seppo.
Biggest Cricket Tournament In History of Khyber Agency
Barmy Army at the Wanderers celebrating the exchange rate
India vs Australia 2016 2nd ODI Live Scorecard, Result, Winner
"There will be conflict of interest if I review my position as captain. You need a PIL to judge my position." — Dhoni
Fixtures for Hong Kong v Scotland: I-Cup, WCL and T20
No issues playing against Amir - Mascarenhas | Cricket
Online fantasy cricket league by GNU/Linux user group NIT Durgapur. Login in and have fun!! First prize: INR 5000
pakistan vs new zealand 2016 t20 - Pakistani Voice Chat Rooms
Rebecca Wilson rates 9 and Ten’s commentary teams - Spoiler alert: Slats and Heals get 7/10.....!?
India vs Australia 1st ODI : preview
Pakistan Vs New Zealand 1st T20 Match 2016 Full Highlights
Yasir Shah appeals against doping suspension | Cricket
Adelaide Oval from inside the Scoreboard last night
Finnjury strikes again. Who should replace him?
Post Ebola, Cricket showing signs of life in Sierra Leone again
Gayle's 12 ball fifty in one GIF
Steyn ruled out of second Test.
Watch - Afghanistan vs Zimbabwe - 4th ODI - cricket 2016 live cricket - cricket live 2016 coverage
Lodha panel recommends severe BCCI shake-up - CricInfo
Hashim Amla resigns as South Africa captain after second Test
Cricket funny video Bangladesh. Sabbir.alamin in biman
Matt Hobden: Tributes to 'gentle giant' Sussex bowler
Australian ODI squad v India announced
Top 10 Fastest double centuries
Match Thread: Australia vs West Indies at SCG, Sydney, Day 1
INDIA won T20 Series wow
Congratulations India!
Trivia Thursday Thread
Match Thread: Bangladesh v Zimbabwe at Khulna, 1st T20I
This has been the best summer for domestic cricket that i've ever witnessed, to the extent that I have enjoyed it more than the test summer. What are your thoughts?
Match Thread: Sydney Sixers WBBL vs Adelaide Strikers WBBL at Junction Oval, St. Kilda
[Mod Post] Voting thread - best bowling performance of 2015 (any format)
England's average per innings in their last 10 tests for their top three wickets
If anyone is interested here is a list of countries that Cricket Australia Youtube videos ARE apparently allowed to be viewed
Michael Clarke admits he retired too soon and is contemplating a comeback
Graham Ford leaves Surrey for Sri Lanka
Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh clicks a selfie during the Australian open Semi-final game between Djokovic and Federer.
Australia's cricketers want national duty to retain primacy over BBL | Cricket | ESPN Cricinfo
This is why Pandya wears 228.
8 days to go. Your very own HBL Pakistan Super League is just around the corner!
Chris Gayle Victory Sign
Most test wickets since 2012
Where is Indian cricket team lacking ?
If South Africa don't manage to draw the Test series against England, the new World #1 Test Team is India
Amla's cover drive (More Amla gifs in comments)
What we have learnt from Kohli's first year as Test captain
Indian Cricketer Drop the Bat !
Smashing game on pink day.
Harbhajan faces conflict of interest allegation
HOST BANGLADESH STUNS DEFENDING CHAMPION SOUTH AFRICA BY 43 RUNS
Shivnarine Chanderpaul 100 off 69 balls 1st test vs Australia 2003 Guyana
Virat Kohli Cricketer of Year. Again! - WorthStory
Rohit Sharma: From HeartBreaker to RecordBreaker
'Still not convinced about DRS' - Dhoni
Big Bash League: Kevin Pietersen signs two-year deal with Melbourne Stars | smh.com.au
Perth Scorchers to donate $1 for every spectator at next home game to Waroona Fire victims
cricket match ever in the final over
Central Districts vs Otago 9th One Day Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win The Ford Trophy, 2015-16
A member of the crowd earlier when the Test was on a knife edge...
Top 5 Biggest Cricket Controversies Of 2015
Dhanawade to Afridi and Laxman: How big numbers don’t equate to greatness
Tim gets kicked out.
FYI: The 'World T20' is not a 'T20 World Cup', there is no such thing as a T20 World Cup
Sydney Thunder win Big Bash League
Match Thread: Hobart Hurricanes WBBL vs Sydney Sixers WBBL at Waverley Oval, Sydney
Post Match Thread: Australia vs India at Manuka Oval, Canberra
Free Talk Friday
State Of The Game Thread
Match Fixing (in tennis, but relevant to cricket)
Match Thread: Adelaide Strikers BBL vs Hobart Hurricanes BBL at Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
What is the best Test/ODI XI you can create from current and past captains?
[Mod Post] Voting thread - best r/cricket post of 2015
India Tour of Australia 2016: MS Dhoni looking right time for retirement
A question in the wake of Yasir Shah's suspension - how would performance-enhancing drugs affect cricket?
Fast bowling training/ solo practice game
Cricket: 5 Ways to Bowl with more Confidence
Dimitri Mascarenhas to step down as New Zealand bowling coach - Cricbuzz
New Zealand beat Pakistan by 3 wickets
Where can I see the free live streaming of Master's Champions league?
Warner unimpressed with ICC crackdown on on-field behaviour
Why cricket leagues are vulnerable to recession?
Canada U19s defeat Ireland U19s by 4 wickets
Just realised that India doesn't have a coach
Andrew Nixon on Twitter: This U19CWC will be the 5th time Nepal have been in the top 10. And again they won’t be 1 of 10 automatic qualifiers next time #meritocracy
Nepal U19 vs New Zealand U19 Live Scorecard &amp; Highlights
He'd been providing on-field commentary for Channel Nine, so when Steve Smith was dismissed for 21, Indian star Virat Kohli sent him off with a sledge.
Jeff Thomson's Hall of Fame induction speech (bleeped)
IPL - Ms Dhoni
Vaas to assist Ireland during World T20
Masters Champions League (MCL 2016) Schedule, Teams, Players, Venue, Live Streaming
Chris Gayle doesn't really seem to understand does he
How Rohit became a one-day monster
Firdose Moonda (Cricinfo correspondent): Dale Steyn out of Wanderers Test
Ian Chappell calls for worldwide Chris Gayle ban
Brisbane Heat vs Adelaide Strikers 23rd T20 Match Prediction, Results Who Will Win Big Bash League BBL T20, 2015-16
South Africa v England: Dale Steyn in Test and ODI
BCB mulls holding Mustafizur back from PSL
Thirteen steps to perdition – Leslie Hylton, the only Test cricketer to be executed
Matthew Hobden: Police probe whether Sussex bowler 'fell off roof'
Duminy and Vilas each score double centuries in Sunfoil Series game
Found something old but really funny
Found Something Old but Really Funny: Hitler reacts to Rahul Dravid's Retirement
Can someone please explain how the world cricket champions league works?
One More Run - Addicting Cricket Game for Android Users
How Chris Gayle batted against the strikers this evening
