One great weekend, and now doesn't contact me back. So confusing!
Does size really matter? (kinda NSFW)
What do you do if you don't think you can bring anything into a relationship?
I'm 25 and haven't had a girlfriend in 10 years...
Dating Approval
Can anyone help decode this for me?
Bringing up your ex when asked a direct question
Do you find being too evaluative of peoples' flaws keeps you from pursuing anything?
Talking to a girl, but I feel horrible.
There's this girl I work with
When people ask you "How are you single?"
Cyber dating makes me feel worthless.
Looking for online girfriend (Idk if this is the right reddit) Hi im epic, i am a guy who is looking for a online girlfriend. Nothing sexual, just someone to say i love you too and talk about video games such as cs go hearthstone etc.
How my post-separation dating/sex life in my 30’s is like the Taylor Swift album '1989' [casual sex] [FWB]
Why is it so hard to get sex?
I (18m) been on my first few dates ever recently, feel like I'm ending then wrong.
(x-post from /r/advice) [19m] Girl I've been dating to for a couple weeks decided she wanted to cut things off, I feel more upset then I think I should be. Was I too invested?
What should I do?
Third date Limbo!
Have you ever dated or hooked up with someone from tumblr?
Dating as a prospective cop
[REQUEST] RSD HotSeat At Home By Tyler Torrent
Girl I dated made out with an old crush of me...
Why must women...
Rejection by text is a shit thing to do to a friend. Thoughts?
Is it normal that in 25 years of life, no girl/woman has ever flirted or shown any romantic interest in me at all?
Is it wrong....
Get your escort services in Dubai with Desi Dolls at afford rate
Russian women online marriage club | Russian girls brides dating agency Dasnenka
I've slept with nine women but I've never slept with a really pretty girl, and I'm super envious because of it
Girl replies late. Not sure what to do.
Do you ever get the feeling of complete obliviousness as to why girls are attracted to a particular guy?
27F and 33M. Fourth date and physically is this normal?
How to ask a girl out?
23 year old woman likes 17 year old guy...advice?
To stay or not to stay....
"Taking things slow" (the female version)
Complicated problem. Can I dm someone for help?
I Cheated On My Boyfriend And Got Away With It
Ecudorian Girls, Ecuadorian women
New dating site I made
How does your personality change when you are with your SO?
Approaching the girl I like, how to do it?
Encouraging a girl [20] to come out of her shell...
Telling romantic interests how you feel even though you don't want a relationship
Am I overthinking this?
Does she like me or am I Misreading cues?
Do you guys still pick up your dates?
2 months of dating and being exclusive
Six dates down
I am a mess. I can't read her!
I had an opportunity to ask a girl out but I lied and said I had a girlfriend out of fear [RANT]
Im about to send a message to a girl i haven't seen in years. [M4F Both 19]
Seattle Dating - professional matchmaking services
Russian date marriage agency
2nd date how expensive of a restaurant should we go to?
[Question] 25m still virgin, Nice Guy syndrome.
Need advice/help talking to a guy i met online
Advice on a girl
Has anyone ever tried the badboy approach?
How [28m] to properly meet and date women?
Acted to needy...HELP
I'm an entirely undatable mess (32m) (NSFW text, no pictures)
Why do girls say yes to going out then ignore?
Dealing with an Ex that's also a friends cousin?
Dating a Trekkie as a Star Wars Fan?
Need help with flirting
Blind date advice
Asking out a nurse at an assisted living facility
What does she mean by this? "Best sunday ever,if we were dating...? ;)"
What happens after the 'getting-to-know-each-other' phase ends?
Getting serious with someone even though I'm leaving the country soon? Yes/no?
How to not be desperate when dating? How to believe that the guy is actually interested in you?
What to do when your date's snoring is keeping you up? Clearly, record it, sample it, make a snore-synthesizer, turn it into a song, and awaken them with your masterpiece.
Drinking when the other person is under 21
[Question] Redditors, what do you do with someone who's incredibly engaging in person, but is a terrible messenger/phone conversationalist?
Free dating sites/apps
What do you think about kissing on the first date?
I think I just want to be FWB
What is chemistry?
Help me, I have never been this lovesick before. I need tips.
Not a single message
A friend that I revealed feelings for and was rejected by at the same time that I got cancer seems to want to reconnect after two years of not speaking. Should I reconnect with her?
Rainy day date ideas?
Torn between two cities
Am I just digging my own hole here?
Our exclusive dating playbook is all set to guide you for a perfect partner! Are you ready?
18 and looking into the "online option".
Best way to let someone know you are not interested.
My life is the plot of a lifetime movie
Zero luck on online dating... is it just me?
How to contact someone you really don't know
"Is she interested" posts...
27 and never a had a girlfriend...yup
Went on 2 great dates, she seemed really into it. Now dropped all communication. What now?
Not satisfied with relationship, but I really like him, Are my expectations too high?
Why do guys like shy girls,but girls don't like shy guys?
What's a good group of people I can talk to an mingle with irl right now?
Hey guys I would love your feedback on what you think of my dating blog concept
My Beginner’s Guide to Asking Women Out [x-post with r/datingadvice]
8 of the best ways to breakup
How would you feel about someone who remembers a lot about you ?
should I ask her out ? good first date Ideas?
Attracted to him
Made out with this girl and did other stuff, now she's avoiding me. Where did I go wrong?
People that know you have HSV-1, how do you go about dating? How has dating changed before/after finding out?
I had an eventful New Years with this girl, and I don't know how to continue.
We met online, we both want the first date but she lives in a rural inconvenient area?
So THIS is what it's like...
I just can't do it. Help please.
How can I assure my girlfriend that she's (more than) okay?
Flirting with friends dates?
How to notice when women are interested.
Gauging her interest for 2nd date.
If you were dating a young widowed person (20's-30's), how would you want to find out?
Is this normal?
Should I send a text saying I miss her right now
Confessing my attraction
#@Find your perfect Sexual Match.There's always time for a girl. !!
I built an iPhone app that's somewhere between online dating and IRL dating. Feedback wanted.
Instant connection, but getting the creeps feeling.
Should I ask the girl I like out this week or the next?
Anybody have any real luck on Match?
How long should I be in my relationship to take her on a first date?
(29/F) can't date because of my crippling anxiety
What to Say After a Serious Conversation?
What to do when girl says we need some time
Speed dating during winter break - advice?
Do you really like that person or is it just a want to talk to somebody?
Can't tell if she wants to be friends or more.
Girl I have been dating for 2 months is scared she can't give me anything emotionally.
Has she lost interest in me?
Not feeling confident
Best Sugar Daddy Websites
How should i proceed?
Hey please fuck Now
Is it weird to be dating a high school junior when you're going to college if she's only a year younger than you?
Why has this girl decided that she wants something different?
[M25] [F26] Unsure what to do, girl "Confused"
What's up with my fwb?
21F, why don't guys want to date me?
Do guys prefer experienced or inexperienced girls?
Interracial dating: Why I don't think it works( read before you downvote)
Can't get over her, need help.
How do I show interest to a girl? I don't want to take a girl on a coffee date and make her think I want to be my friend the rest of her life if I find her interesting/pretty.
Arpita Chowdhary Offer Esc@rt Service In Mumbai
Best Gay Dating Sites
Exposing the Irrational Fears of Dating an Atheist :: Blog :: Free Atheist Dating
Lips2lips.com Free Online Dating Marina - 33, Kiev, Ukraine
Older Women Dating Sites| Dating Older Women
Need advice about Girl I like
Having mixed feelings about my upcoming date.
Kissing on the first date?
How do you manage multiple dates when online dating?
Am I being too picky or am I just lonely and reconsidering my standards?
Guy hasn't talked to me since first date 24 hours ago?? [19F] [21M] please help
Highschool Dating Advice
Telling a friend how they feel
Do guys care if the girl is taller?
(25m) trying to date a (25f)
Had First Date today. I dont understand this girl
Advice: complicated relationship that involves baby
Independent escort girl +971524926710 Neha Kapoor Order for gorgeous services
Look at what my friend shared earlier today...
Is this girl trying to get me to chase her?
Restarting Dating
Me (19M) and chick from a gig (15[!]F)
Advice on asking a friend out without making it sound like just a hang out
Me [24/m] thinking about how to move forward with crush [24/f]
Date night ideas
Dating without sex
Went out to lunch with a girl I met online. Not sure if she's interested.
Girl poofed on me. :/
Seeing multiple potential other halfs at the same time...
Hanging out vs date
How to meet people in an older town?
What does it mean to have been 'in between relationships'?
Dating and don't work 9-5
Want a little more!! SEX
How to ask a friend out while making it clear that I won't be offended if she says no?
I am done seeking women. If I go single to the grave, then I will accept it.
Is my experience location based?
Ideas about where to look for potential partners?
[19/M] I need advice to see if she's interested in me.
I [26] scored a date with a guy [26] and I'm worried he might be way out of my league.
Views on overseas dating sites
Does anyone else find it extremely difficult to find someone worth being in a relationship with?
This date was supposed to be a one-time thing, but now I can't stop thinking about her.
How often should I arrange dates with this girl?
When is the right time to confess your feelings for someone?
Telling someone that they're too busy for you?
Need help with a potentially shy girl in college.
Started really talking to this girl from work, but found something out last night that might be a game changer.
[M25] Dating after a 10 years relationship
Should I be offended when I hear the phrase "you're the type of guy girls want to marry, not date"
Should I Even Try?
An unfortunate age scenario
[M35] interested in coworker
Would you reconnect with someone you once had feelings for, and was rejected by, if they initiated it?
top5interracialdatingsites
Should I "DTR" with him and then tell him it's over?
Overcoming a mental block?
Why do celebrities have their love life so easy?
Met a girl online and I haven't taken a vacation
What should I text to girl Ive been dating tomorrow
Does she like me?
Hook up or could it be something more?
Can I break up with someone over the phone after a short (under 3 month) period of dating?
Friends just my webcam shows?
Going on a first date tonight. Any advice? (Im a guy meeting a girl)
I[24/F] have been going on a lot of dates since I broke up with my ex. No sparks.
She want sex or just attention?
Independent Indian Escort Agency in Dubai, Desi Doll Call +971524926710
I want to find a lover.
Queen of dating - Find dates here!
I don't even know how to begin dating.
Should I give up
Separated, first date with someone new
I feel like I am not my girlfriends first choice..
Are these red flags or am I (23f) being picky?
Asking your friend's sister out??? But your friend is a girl(twin).
How do i not screw this up?
Undecided on what to do with my date tomorrow, got any advice? Really what it to be a fun one. (Houston, TX)
I don't remember if she said yes or no!
[Advice] On the first date, she says we can hangout as friends. What should I do?
Rencontres femmes Russes
M(20) Having difficulties dating while attending university.
Been seeing a beautiful but shy girl. How do I move forward?? Please read
What does "casual" really mean? And am I never going to be relationship material if I have sex on the first date?
Would you be weirded out by this text?
A multilingual translation social APP for chatting
Help a girl out please!
What's wrong with me
So this happened Saturday night.
How do I hit on this guy? F20, College Senior
Dating is Hurting My Self Esteem
32m &amp; 28F - going on 4th date this weekend
Online dating around the holidays/New Years uncertainty.
Ladys, whats your ideal marriage proposal?
Sending an "unknown" girl a message on Facebook
Texting about dates--did I mess up?
3 Ways to Successfully Attract Younger Women | Younger Women Looking for Older Men Site
Looking to get away
Can't ever see myself getting a date
3 Things To Remember When Using a Thai Dating Website
Amazing first date, decent second date. But, im an idiot.
Does she see me as a friend?
Are black women attracted to Indian men (as in from India)
Advice on a girl I've liked for six years
Disappointing end to nye fling
Pretty sure I'm cursed when it comes to dating. [vent?]
24M Doesn't Know When to Quit
31F with terrible relationship skills has a shot... please help me not screw this up
Messaging an old friend or not?
I'm indecisive and I need to make a decision.
A guy at work was really nice, now he's being a jerk.
What is a good amount of time to wait before asking this girl out (22M)?
M(20) I having a difficulty time dating in university.
Should I keep trying, or just go back to enjoying my solitude?
[33 M]Bringing up the exclusuve dating conversation
Would a girl kiss back even if she doesn't really like a guy?
[Question] Where do I meet mid-to-late 20's ladies?
Help Me Out [Confusing Cutoff]
Starting seeing a (34f) shortly after I (28m) ended an engagement, not sure how to proceed.
My ex (we're friends now) offered to let me stay the night
I'm 25 and she's 19
Enjoy Your Sex Life With Beautiful Indian Escorts | Indianescortguide
Thai Dating at Mizzthai - Thai Girls Travel Companion Site
#SwipeRight, read about my last five dating experiences, funny NSFW
[29m] Meeting long distance work crush [28f] in a work outing
Am I overreacting here or am I right to think he's being an asshole?
girl still has feelings for her ex
Does anyone else get get kind of disappointed when talking to or dating some one new and you get naked pics?
I think the guy I like tried to make me jealous?
Really down about the outcome of a first date
American wanting to date someone from the UK
Should I just delete her completely from my life?
Should I give up
Unrequited attraction or missed chance?
Not sure what happened, worried i scared her off
How would you feel/react if someone you went out with once months ago and never heard from, contacted you again?
Should I go out with this guy again?
Love is complicated: My good friend (25/m) and I (23/f)... and his ex
Need advice on where we could make this date happen
Fifth date done. Post analysis
She canceled 5 hours before first date.
How do y'all meet people?
Should I give up with this girl?
how soon is too soon to date again?
How long do you wait to tell them you like them? (After date)
What does he want with me?!
Am I overreacting?
My situation of dating 2 women at the same time just went from troublesome to amazing after the last dates with both :D
29M - Never have I had sex with a girl for the first time whom consented right away (same night).
An interesting question for you.
The only U.S dating site that actually worked for me...
Lips2lips.com Free Online Dating Marina - 33, Kiev, Ukraine
Is it wrong for me to let him pay?
Out of long term relationship. Needing lots of help.
What do you tell someone when they ask you how you met your boyfriend if the truth is you met because of a random hookup?
How offputting is being overweight to women?
The best way to use Tinder
[16 M] First possible date and I think I screwed it up.
I'm confused about her and what she really wants
Is Love Really as Exciting as you get Older?
5 dates but now no response to text.
Dumped after two dates
My "Catfish" story.
I can't find this dating article I saved on Facebook. I need your guys help..
I must've asked out one fine actress...
Choose the Best NYC Escorts to Please Your Inner Desires!
When Is A Guy Trying Too Hard Or Not Trying At All ?
29 [M] Completely New to Dating After Being Married for 8 Years
I am actually looking for someone to date.
How to clear the air on the intentions of having a relationship? Help!
What does it mean if a girl holds hands with multiple guys on the one outing?
"Great guy, just no connection between us/not much in common." I feel like I hear this a lot...
want to reconnect with someone after not seeing them for a while?(M21F19)
How to date a muslim girl? (Am muslim myself)
Dating Advice for a New "Young Professional"? Or, how to be more charming? (x-post Social Skills)
Independent Dubai Escorts
Rencontre femme russe parlant francais catalogues en ligne
Female Escort In Jaipur
What to do about this dating situation
Over thinker looking for help
Would it have been inappropriate to ask out a hotel guest?
invisible atm?
About to go on a first date with someone I used to hook up with a few years ago, looking for some advice.
Are there any free adult dating sites, but aimed towards hookups, rather than long term relationships?
Where can I meet people my own age in Toronto? (19/f)
Can't tell if she likes me or mixed signals
Meet rich friends
Buy Dating Software: Create Profile by Dating Software
Does she like me or not?
Is it worth to give a 2nd chance to Online Dating?
Started talking to 2 girls at the same time, a new situation for me. How do I proceed?
"He's Just Not That Into You" book - Thoughts?
When are you comfortable talking on the phone?
I just want to share how my amazing my dates have been going :D
A Level Escorts, Indian escorts in London | indianescortguide
Free russian dating sites marriage agency
Has anyone ever tried changing to the badboy approach?
I need someone to talk to me
We're both out of long relationships and we're already close. She wants to move in with me
What should I do?
What am I doing wrong?!
What do you ask to find out if the guy you have a crush on is straight or gay?
What does she want from me?
[22M] Any words for a guy who's discouraged?
POF profile critique?
Russian girls for dating
The best way to use Tinder
I [f/31] have crush on a grim Rickshaw driver [m/27]
I seriously don't know what to do, it seems like she's sending mixed signals.
Separated after almost 20 years. Old and devastated. Lost 40 pounds, hit the gym, got a new job, fixed my place up, and now I have questions...
Safe way to give out contact info to 'strangers'?
Why can't I get into relationships? [23/F]
What is with getting ignored
If you've never been in a LTR, how do you answer when people ask?
No problem getting first dates, but after that is a challenge.
What are your first/second/third date ideas for when you don't want to just do food/drink, and it's 15 degrees out and miserable?
Where should I (M23) take her (F22) on our second date?
Asking for the number
Dating advice for people living in rural area?
Have you tried dating a sugar momma? if you did, what was your experience, any wise advice, and outcome?
What do you tell people when they are you how you met your boyfriend if the truth is embarrassing?
Have you ever wanted to ship a couple so bad you'd lock yourself in a room, turn on sad music &amp; cry?
New form of dating on the horizon?
Asking out a cashier &lt;27M&gt;
How to start up again?
Acquaintance dating etiquette
(28M)Talking to (28F) but can't tell if she's using me for the company or really likes me.
Once in a while you get a message like this that make you want to stop online dating altogether.
Girl meets boy... And now desperately needs advice
[24F] I'm interested in this guy [31M]. He's a musician and been kind of hard to read.
An unusual problem of mine regarding dating
Colorsday (Basketball homecoming) Proposal
I met this girl and she rocked my world!
Russian women for marriage
Advice please?
Should I have stayed?
Ghosting - how to deal with it (in a healthy manner)
Never been on a date.
He ghosted me, and I don't know how to react [long vent/request for advice]
get back to game,
Should I give up or keep trying? Please help me!
Judge of Character
I am physically disabled, please help me find an online girlfriend.
I like a guy, and I know he likes me, but I have a boyfriend and I have to stay together with him till June at least?
What happened?
dating life is like
Complicated problem. Can I dm someone for help?
How to best ask this girl out... [backstory included]
I am the psycho, controlling bitch feared in the dating world. I think.
Suggestions for meeting girls outside of class/college as a 19 year old male.
Weird situation, maybe long distance, need advice!
I'm [23 F] curious about this guy's [24 M] intentions or lack there of
Matchmaking friends
How long do you wait for a response to a text?
Banter or Cut to the Chase and ask out potential blind date?
Les femmes russes
Best dating app, Dating app Sweden
Should I ask him out again: persistence vs desperation
Looking for some advice about possibly dating a coworker.
I was "too perfect"
My friend (18f) and I (18m) have know each other for about 6 months. Over the last month or so she has begun remarking out loud how amazing my eyes and smile are. What's this mean? If anything
first date Ideas for someone in college
Okay, just got out of a year long relationship and want to play the field a bit. What's the first thing I do?
[Question] I have no clue where to look...
Is anyone else feeling really disillusioned with the idea of trying to get a date?
I met someone on New Year's Eve!
Trying to start a new year
karaoke night...never again
Jaipur Escort | Model Escort In Jaipur
My friend set me up with this girl, started texting need advice kinda got ghosted or not?
Dating, 21 [M], single guy wanting to ask out his hair dresser
If she never texts first...
42M single after 20 years, I have my first date since the divorce on Monday the 18th. I need all kinds of advice.
Why am I so scared to approach/talk to women
Guy advice needed - He ended it, but I want him back
I'm intimidated by my lack of relationships experience. What can I do about it?
Is she attracted to me?
[22M] can't tell if [26f] is into me or not
ME (M/24) Advice needed on the girl i'm seeing
What do you consider your anniversary?
How should I approach this situation?
I wanna ask her out, when should I do it?
How frequently should you message someone when online dating?
Starting the New Year looking forward. (22M)
How Long to Wait for/to Make First Text.
Gay Dating Sites
question - Dating site
Advice on asking a friend out without making it sound like just a hang out
What is a non awkward way for me (26m) to find out a girls age?
My girlfriend and her parents
32m dating 28f - great couple of dates, then this
Does this girl like me in any way?
Did I blow it via text or am I just thinking way too much about this?
What should I do next?
[Question] Should I try again?
Wondering if I [22m] should try the dating thing with co-worker [20f] even if I'm unsure about everything
16 years old guy with 21 years old girl.
Why do I always encounter you?
How do I get a girl to go on a date with me?
My ex boyfriend wants to get coffee
Going TP'ing on a first date?
Girls - Last time seeing a guy you like in person, how likely is it that YOU would ask for his number or ask him out?
20 [F] - opinion on message style?
FuckBook Dating Gets You Laid for Free
The things a woman can make a guy go through.
Why am I like this?
Am I thinking too much into this?
starting a conversation
[F 17] having really bad trust issues with my boyfriend[19]
Girl takes several days to reply to texts, is she interested?
Just my thoughts
Ladies: smooth skinny guys or hairy skinny guys, yay or nay?
Is this FWB or more?
How to approach women as an introvert?
22M went on first date with 21F. What is going on now?
Would you fuck a 5'7" 110 lb man?
100% Free Dating Online (adult sex)
28M Need Advice on recent dating
How to start approaching girls again?
Am I not relationship-material or is this just an LA-guy thing?
I met someone amazing, want to share.
Third date wrap. Any thoughts?
[Question/Advice] What are the rules for a woman to protect herself physically for casual sex?
Cart before the horse: a question of timing
How soon is too soon to want to put a label on things/talk commitment
I've dated within my old company before but now at a new company, I said I wouldn't date internally again. Am I missing anything or should I keep course even though my interactions outside of work are virtually non-existent?
Is she interest?
How can I reply when they ask about work?
how make it clear its not a date?
Does everyone find it extremely difficult to find a good relationship?
How to date with a chipped tooth?
[Advice] I have been dating this guy for a little over a year. Valentine's Day gift ideas?
How do I keep her?
Date this weekend for the first time in 1 year.
I don't put any effort into my own appearance, is dating still feasible for me?
Does this girl like me or not?
Girls suddenly stop talking after arranging a date?
What am I doing wrong?
Do you ever feel like the person you are dating shouldn't like you?
Telling about your insecurities to a girl?
Gift for new girlfriend?
?In love? with a celebrity and I want it to stop. (17M)
Anyone feel like they're dating their friends?
My [38M] first second date after divorce (16yr marriage) is tomorrow night. Terrified.
So is there anyone out there feels like me about dating and relationships?
Is it me or does online dating attract serious flakes?
After how many dates do you invite her to your family events?
[Long post] Is my (ex)boyfriend attracted to me? Is he incest?
Always insecure about first dates!
Why are only older guys interested in me?
Could this be a sign that she is interested in going out?
Kinda new to things,ladies where do I stand?
[Vent] God Fucking Damnit. I thought I did good.
19 yo female, struggling to make first date place s with aad who seems interested but can't make concrete plans
Got a girls number, after helping her pick a leash for her dog. Unsure of what to do, as she is completely out of my league.
Indian Escorts Really Like To Have Sex with indianescortguide.co.uk
Dating advice for women.
Friend and I have feelings for each other but she won't date me due a past relationship of dating a friend.
same age. i'm a student, she's an employee
Not sure what to make of this response? What move should I make next?
Next move. 5th date done.
I went on a first date with a guy I met in tinder. It was going well until I figured out he was doing cocaine in his bathroom breaks
What is speed dating really like?
What on earth am I doing wrong?
He told me its none if my business if he speaks to other girls, Was I in the wrong for asking ?
What's with everyone thinking they're "needy" or talking to a girl too much?
Alternatives to Tinder/Dating help in general.
