3 Days of Error 3007
Power-leveling US Seasonal SC
(EU)LF PL Crusader
(S)(HC)(NA) Spectrum/Burger Xmog
Yang's Recurve - bugged CDR roll?
1/19 [NA] Seasonal Power leveling
Just want to say...
Greater Rifts/Torment - time vs level
Free set on season, softcore/hardcore
When should I start farming on my new character?
LF seasonal Power level.
lfg to power level
Looking for globe barb
Will reforging a legendary weapon remove Ramaladni's Gift?
Custom challenges for new season
Leveling this season without an organised group, any pointers?
Conquests for S5
Additive vs Multiplicative bonuses; how to tell which is which?
What's the best way to farm legendaries in 2.4?
What do you think is going to be the best class for the new season?
Is there a way to spend paragon points faster than clicking + hundreds of times?
Is there a mobile app that is like d3planner.com?
Are there any popular active clans with openings?
LFG to gear up
LF (HC SEASONAL 3 PEOPLE)
Powerleveling EU Season Softcore
Botting and Paragon Issue
Thorns feedback/thoughts
Wizard vs. Barbarian for Season 5
New Season, What now ?
Best Build for Lazy People??
Easy way(s) to accumulate gold?
Is this game worth buying?
WD Jade set is insane
Question from a "new" player. (Witch Doctor)
Find and destroy the witch
Which of these two should I be using (explosive blast build)
Diablo 3 Wizard Cosplay by Doremi
Diablo 3 EU HardCore Solo DH G63 Close Call.
Quin's One Punch T10 Monk, Engineering Diablo III's Damage Numbers
EU - terrible lag. Anyone else?
This might be the best non-ancient item I've ever found in D3
My weapon suddenly lost 1k damage? Bug?
Where to start with endgame?
[NFG] Is anyone doing S5 HC speed runs?
flair:LFG Would like a group for the S5 kickoff [PC] [NA]
Looking for a fourth person for the sprinter conquest
Diablo III - Power leveling {Normal And Seasonal} EU
Good Demon Hunter build?
US SEASON 5 SOFTCORE I power level you, you power level me!
Got into the game again recently thanks to a very kind reddit user, have a couple questions
Looking to buy D3 but have a few questions.
Is the best way to play Demon Hunter at 70 melee?
how often can you get Headrics gift? The free set
Levelling available for next hour or so (seasonal EU, PC)
Might of the Berserker
Quick question about the massacre bonuses...
New player. Just completed first run through. Why is this so easy?
Need help with set dungeon
Looking for PL 1-70 EU
DH Boosting t10 rifts/50ish grifts around 17:00 today CET, everyone welcome, seasonal non hardcore on EU
Newcomer - Don't know which class to pick
rant about dungeon set
LFG health globe barb(US)
RG spawn point on opposite side of the map. This shouldn't still be happening
Public/random group etiquette?
How to get wings?
[NA] Looking for someone who power levels on S5 HC.
I need some advice where to go from here. First time barb.
[Question] Cheapest place to buy D3 for XBone? Looking for a key for my buddy
New Player Questions about Seasons
[US][PC] I can power level someone in HC seasonal, if they plvl me in Seasonal non HC:)
LF Power Level Seasonal EU (Not HC)
Where to get better gem plans ?
LF2M AM S5 Leveling Group
Looking for EU HC Community
LFG: Anyone wanna level together on NA?
Hit a wall around T-7
Farming or trying new classes?
How to get to play lvl 60+ grifts?
Fresh 70 barb build and gearing
Question about set/item farming and difficulty level
So, what should I be doing?
Help my game is in 3D and I don't know why O_O
[Guide] For those of you looking for a solo WD build :)
Levelling a Hardcore Demon Hunter.
If you stack 20% area effect will it have diminishing effect like stacking fire dmg?
Why is it more expensive to empower a GR on higher torment difficulties?
[Question] Anyone happen to know the music played in the caves and guild section of this video please?
LF seasonal power level for NA (PC)
The journey begins
LFG EU Boost in Hardcore to 70 for the Guardian Season Journey
Lf 1-70 season boost eu
LF EU seasonal powerlevel.
What are some good 'just for fun builds' that are viable in Greater Rift 50 and lower?
Odd problem with a character on two consoles.
LFG NA SC or HC Season 5
Season journey set softcore/hardcore?
RNG is a fickle bitch... share your story
Barb/Wiz Competitive Build Advice [Season]
T10 Vault for Gems and Gold ?
Can you mix seasonal heroes with non seasonal to get the set dungeon wings?
What class would have a higher chance of getting in-geom from cube?
Can someone plvl me seasonal SC America Cooper#1729
New(ish) player, kinda lost
Why isn't Sky Splitter viable?
Finally got these bad boys.
T10 Ubers Today NA SC Seasons
Question on leveling to 70 quickly
Sader or Wiz for group/solo push ladder
Hi, can anyone boost me 1-70 on eu? (seasonal)
Question about the multishot DH build
Buying Diablo Ultimate Evil Edition, how long is this game if played CO-OP?
LFG Greater Rifts 70+ etc.(Late Night)
Legendaries to Keep?
How To Get Easy Blood Shards. (For Beginners)
Anything i can do with my old "Spectrum"?
Anybody willing to run me though some high level seasonal grifts?
Returning player question
firebird set dungeon :(
I deleted 4 characters, can I get them back?
Double Furnace Drop
Iceblink+Thrill of the Hunt
Best 2.4 builds for barbs?
Easiest and effective class for S5 GR 60 Solo
Best one hand weapon I have found so far.
When the RNG gods shine upon you.
I'm done with season 5
Diablo III Patch 2.4 Update: Fresh New Content &amp; Zone soon to be released
Solo Hardcore Tier 10 Easy! With the Crusader Invoker set in 2.4
Season 5 the most bugged season journey yet?
Why are they forcing me to start over from level 1 and remove all my gear?
The Necromancer...
Welp...I've turned my Crusader into a Death Knight...
New Wizard, looking easy build to gear for T6+ play?
LFG fast lvl 70 (EU SC Season)
fastest way to level in 2.4?
[LFG][EU] someone to powerlevel me [Seasonal]
Returning to D3 after a few years. Update please?
Returning Seasonal Sader LFClan - Friendly, active w/ VOIP
It starts now I guess.
I haven't played in several patches. What do you do when you hit 70?
Gear Swapping: DH for Wizard NA/Season
RoS Soundtrack Cover Rquest
Need someone who has completed campaign.
Going from Bounties to Rifts?
[NA] LFG LVL to 70 and farm gear
Jumping back in to D3 after a long break, any tips for a returning player
Teaming up for vault runs
I have had enough of the diablo 3 UI.
LON and Goldwrap build
Biggest DPS class on Season 5 ?
How to get Ancient Set items.
Having trouble with seasonal journey looking for help
Wings missing?
I stopped playing almost 2 years ago. Started again. Advice pls
Anybody want to farm for rainbow sword/
Critical hit bug? Am I missing something?
Best way to get plans for sets?
[EU] Would really appreciate a powerlevel boost
The Set-item wings reward
Can you change which property that has been enchanted? Like a reset?
Cooldown reduction not working/bugging ?
[Help]Patch Download Issue
LF Boost EU Seasonal!
Don't upvote. What time do Seasons usually go live?
Can someone help me?
Just finished the game, but not level 70. What now?
Season 5 Champion Journey
Power leveling tips
24 hours of powerleveling - Season 5 launch
Question about a probable hacker....
Looking for help power leveling. NA/SC
Re-learning the game...
Set Dungeons ?
Farming Treasure Goblins
Templar Follower weapon: Eun-jang-do (w/ Lightning) or Thunderfury. What's better for higher rifts?
Season 5 Start Time?
(PS4 version) Were the different types of treasure goblins done away with?
What the point playing seasons now?
Coming back to the game, could use help.
Guide For Might of the Earth Barbarian Set Dungeon
Happy Martin Luther King day, I think?
Mastery Guide: Might of The Earth Set Dungeon
Can someone explain to me why this level 1 Char with a lv 70 weapon has 6,000,000 Toughness?
[diablo3] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:igslltidlann
Kanai's Cube Android app , Patch 2.4 leg powers updated.
When you get your furnace a little too early in the new season.
We broke diablo. GRift 35 only, we did it so fast that Coldsnap literally won't do anything, and mobs still spawn.
NA LF HC seasonal PLVL
Looking for Power Level on NA
Finally found out how to open "Seasonal Journey" while in-game.. It's at the top right corner.
[LFG] [EU] [SC] [s5] Looking for 1 mate for nolifing this weekend
When does season 5 start?
PSA: AMD card users who used the workaround for the "Desolate Sands" crash
24 hours of powerleveling - Season 5 launch stream
So I just came back to the game after a while away, anyone on EU want to play seasonal?
Vengeful Wind Item
Just wanted to thank you guys
Servers lagging?
Is haedrig's gift different from the season journey rewards?
Do we have any concrete information on Treasure Goblin portals? Is there one guaranteed to open a portal per game, or anything?
[NA] Lf dh that would like to share loot with a wizard
LFG HC Powerlevel
What benefits are UNIQUE to Bounties, Rifts, and Greater Rifts?
Just my luck: WOH
Mobs not dying...
[PC] [NA] Player looking for Power Leveling | Raiku#1203
Can anyone powerlevel me on NA?
2 weapons, damage?
Do you only get 1 free set per account?
Fastest way to farm greater rift keys?
Free set, how does it work?
The Furnace and the Kube
Whirlwind Barb or Thorns Crusader for solo play?
Belt of Grove?
Looking for EU Seasonal Boost 1-70
Easiest set dungeon?
best way to find legit players on PS4
Power leaving threads....
Can someone help me with my stash? What to salvage and what not to, etc.
Banner customisation questions from a noob
D3D error after patch - Am I the only one?
Diablo dunces...
LoN vs FR (math check?)
Best class for semi-afk/watching stuff die?
Chapter 4 Quest Question(LEGEN-wait for it- DARY!)
LFG [EU] need malthael campaign kill and levelling
LF Powerlevel trade.
Need 1 more player for season 5 group.
red damage numbers
In Season mode, do you have to do the campaign again in order to unlock everything?
Best Aether walker for fire Metheor wizard
From a PS4 Diabro...
HC america looking for a group for season 5
Achievement Display Bug, Legendary Drop Rates &amp; Blood-Shard Spreadsheet
When I finally get a build that can clear high grifts
So i tried mastering my set dung and failed it by milliseconds.
1,000,000M why not just 1T
Game crashes on launch after the latest patch. Anyone else having a similar experience?
Powerleveling NA Seasonal
Who wants a plvl? 1-70 Seasonal Americas
Looking for someone to Power level a crusader for me! US servers
LFG if anyone is still solo
Finally got these wings.
So the hunt for my UE set is going well
2 Spots open for US Hardcore season starting this Friday at 5PM PST.
Getting ancient set items?
Tips on general strategy on pushing grifts.
Would anyone actually watch a 50 hour diablo 3 rush stream?
Question about great rifts
Gearing Your Templar
Looking to gear up my character with some people.
How are people reaching grift 70 - 80 solo
Lf NA Season Power Level
What should I roll on "The twisted sword"?
NA - PC - LF Seasonal PowerLevel
When you're botting on Hardcore...
How do I gear up for higher Torments?
How much of season 5 do I have to do for storage space?
Seasonal Hardcore PL?
How does Augmenting ancient item work?
Help with Seasonal Journey?
Anyone want to join for 65-70+ grifts this morning? US S5
Set Dungeon resources? Suggestions / etc....
Minion block should really not be in a game like diablo.
Is there any Beginner Guide?
TIL: You can find goblin packs in the wild...
How did this Toughness stat get calculated?
Crazy Leveling...?
Newest AMD driver causing issues again?
Need help with pet dmg (bos)
Anyone rolling Witch Doctor so far?
returning D3 player looking for power leveling (US)
HC/Season NA Need powerlevel
Reflect damage still a problem?
What do you think about the current top builds?
Question about leaderboards between seasons
Looking for a power level, NA
Console player question about Seasons
Returning player, in a season and overwhelmed
Best Armor Set For A Wizard
New Crusader player have some question
Best class to play for passive &amp; fast clearing
I finished season 5 journey, yay!
The adventure begins
yves mike joseph Live Stream
Good Bye Delseres your bubbles will be missed. Time to retire my legacy Ancient GofO.
Typical late-night diablo 3 conversations
[S5] Donation to the Rift God. Hopefully he will drop something good!
Why dungeon set portal doesnt spawn ? im kinda new
What to play next season ?
The skeleton king is lurking around the corner
LFG NA seasonal powerlevel
Power leveling for a little.
How to get more yellow 2H MW recipes?
LF EU Season HC Boost to 70 - can offer Season non-HC Boost and TX-Rifts
Season 5 start time.
(Loot) Just wanted to show off my Manticore!
Playing on PS4- Since there is no Season is the bonus set still available?
WD/NA Gear Check Coadyham#1382
PSA: Augmenting for dummies ("Caldesann's Despair" cube recipe)
Looking For Powerlevel NA - Seasonal [LFG]
[Newbie] Is Diablo 3 worth buying?
Pointers for my Crusader
LF Hardcore Seasonal Power level
[LFG] [EU] Powerleveling
PowerLevel needed (NA-PC-SC)
Worth Returning
They should rly fix that Profile Unavailable" on web site when u search your profile
D3 and ROS? (PC)
Current problematic of monster scaling or "why is the current 4 man meta ET wizard + 3 support and how to solve/change it"
Do you get the S5 Angelic Wings just by ''Completing'' all of the set dungeons?
Laggspikes on EU servers. Beware Hardcore-players!
Says I don't have expension
zbarb looking for regular group
[LFG] Hi all, rank 16 seasonal solo dh looking for group players (EU)
looking for a quick 1-70 seasonal boost
Tips for future player
Why can't I inspect friend any more?
How reliable are the stats when comparing gear?
Anyone else just going to let items expire?
Sharing my puzzle ring
Do Buriza and Valla's Bequest stack
Weapon question
My Friend is streaming Diablo 3 and is looking for more viewers.
so pretty much you have to play ladders or you're missing out on a lot arnt you?
Does everything reset ?
0 People playing adventure mode?
Crusaders in season 5
"Question" Bane of the Stricken stacking
Brand spanking new to Diablo, are there some simple guides out there?
Fast Season 5 Powerlevel runs for the lazy!
Still no Account wide Materials / Gems
Looking for people for vault
Any changes from PTR to Live?
People in the EU are you on patch 2.4?
Looking for clan to play in s5
RNG was not too bad today, 2nd wand upgrade
The king awaits me
Can't finish Diablo 3 download
The peculiar case of the undying monster (x-post with /r/diablo)
[Wizard] My First Set Dungeon: Wizard Tal Rasha Set Dungeon Clear
Red Gem +%xp Bonus
Is something wrong with the Hellfire Amulet?
Find the witch. Burn the witch
LF HC seasonal powerlevel [EU]
0 People playing - Where do most people play now?
So close to finishing my first set dungeon...
Someone wanna help me quickly level my seasonal monk?
[NA] Looking to get powerleveled.
Is my Item a hack?
Best support class in 2.4?
Low level rare upgrade stealth fix
[Gear Share] Barb Help needed
so is there already a best class right now? who to pick and why for this season?
Teaguk + Laggy Internet/PC= Bye Bye
Can someone make an act 5 campaign game for me?
Boon of the Hoarder gem gone missing, any way to get it back?
So I've got this legendary gem that I've been upgrading with greater rifts... But when I go to my inventory the gem isn't there??
Which website is most accurate for leaderboards?
Quin breaking the 80 solo GRift and the celebration! :D
Brand new to Diablo, I like all classes but cant pick one. Sell me on your favorite class.
Where is my second Haedrigs Gift?
Got a rift with 30+ goblins together in one place
Anyone available to power level seasonal?
Is Taeguk duration broken, or is there something I'm not understanding?
Achievements aren't coming up when I unlock them anymore.
set dungeons i am doing it wrong
Blizzard's design department should be ashamed
[LFG][EU] Looking for seasonal powerlevel 0-70
too many overpowered teammates
How do I power level a new friend in Torment?
LFG, globe barb 600+p [EU]
I can't install diablo on windows 7 (after being able to play it for a long time)
Meteor Conquest (speedrun act I to V in 1 hour)
[Request] Build suggestions for a new player
Can you switch the stats given from new cube receipe?
So, how far have you got?
Question about the Firebird's Finery set for HC?
Witch Doctor or Wizard?
Hosting power level for seasonal characters. [PC US]
[LFG][S5][NA] HC S5 LFG
Best DPS class for speed GR? DH or WD LoN??
HC Seasonal NA. Need 2 for speed level to leaderboard.
S5 [HC] looking for players
Ultimate Guide to Patch 2.4 and Season 5 by Drahque
It's this weapon ok for newbie witch doctor?
Moving from console to PC, would highly appreciate an act 5 boss kill so I can skip the campaign. Gametag is Tomyoj#1636.
Noobs first ancient, advice please.
If anyone is not going to use their Hearthstone redeemable code for free packs, I would appreciate it if its all the same to you.
[NA]Looking for Plevel [Seasonal SC]
first ever playthrough of diablo 3, any support or suggestions are always welcome!
Best way to spend NYE? 4 player Diablo with friends!
Blessed Hammer in 2.4?
Looking for leveling and gearing group for S5
PSA If your paragon is 10,000 on console and you didn't want it like that.....
New person that started season on diablo looking for help on rifting, finding better items etc. Have been doing T3 rifts
So how're you guys doing on Gifts?
"LFG" NA HC seasonal powerlevel
[Wizard Question] How can I cast disintegrate for low (or no?) arcane power cost?
The Shadow's Mantle + Elusive ring?
Anyone wanna do SPLIT bounty? (NON SEASON EU)
LF1M For new season leveling.
Paragon points for multiple seasonal characters
Which classes has a easy time with the 45 Grift no set conquest? (Hardcore)
Caldesann's Despair
Haunt of Vaxo (Legendary neck) Shadowclones. [Help pls]
When I go into quick match multiplayer, on Xbox One, people keep cheating and raising my paragon level at ridiculous speeds.
Shielding affix more common in higher GRs?
[NA] [S5] Assistance/PowerLevel/Hangout [SC]
Which sup barb build is better?
[LFG] Season 5 has arrived! Starting new char right now
How to get Wings without spending real life money?
LFG Any group seeking a +1 (NA) - no life start S5?
Easiest class to master set dungeons with?
Help choosing a class
LFG Sesonal NA
LFG to go nuts on S5 start.
Will D3 kick me... eventually?
stricken vs powerful?
is Monk/Monk a dead combo for 2 player in Season 5?
Dear Wand of Woh,
Haedrigs Gift on Alts
Quick question about the cube
Haven't played since patch 2.1.2 (the ancient legendaries patch) and wondering if my DH gear/build is still good
12:47pm Central US Time Zone, just clicked options and "check for update"!
Fastest way to rush 1-70
Gearing Community?
Anyone else disappointed with set dungeons?
Question for console players about multiplayer
Thank You Drahque &amp; Fst
EU Powerleveling at 8am GMT
Guys, help me make the fastest attacking character in Diablo history
Remeber the streamer who wanted to play 2.4 for 7 days? He's still on it.
There goes my chance of completing the Grift... Seriously Blizzard, this happens way too often
[EU] LF powerlevel, Season
Why doesn't Xbone have seasons!?
[EU] Patch available but it's not?
Buying UK-RoS for german Battle.net Account?
Someone help me get some wings?
Clan for after work players.
Can someone please ELI5 what the deal is with the legendary crafting materials 'Devils Fang', Vengeful Eye' and 'Writhing Spine'
Quick Leveling a HC Advice?
Characters gone - Xbox one
Looking for a seasonal on Act 5
Whats really the difference to play season?
Few Hours of [NA] Seasonal Powerleveling
Twisted Sword Re-roll
Anyone willing to help plvl a lowly seasonal hardcore NA wizard?
Witch Doctor LF group to go 1-70 starting about 1030 pmCST. US SC
If I am new (level 25) does it make more sense for me to start a seasonal character?
reforging in cube, item level
Transmog isn't working?
LF US Seasonal Powerleveling
Binding Skills to Pointer Click
Exactly when do you get the 7th stash tab
Need powerleveled? I can help!
Where can I find an excel spreadsheet on what items to buy/craft while leveling up to 70?
Mechanics question(s)
Any group seeking for +1 (EU) - nolife start S5 ?
Season leveling party. [NA]
Recently came back to diablo 3 and had a quick question
[Question] So you can only get 1 seasonal set?
Friend not getting Haedrig's Cache from grift 20?
Main group builds for S5?
[LFG] Season 5 group
Best class to solo?
Mantle of Channeling doesn't SEEM to work in the Cube
Are deaths breaths guaranteed drops on any difficulty?
Where do I get Greater Rift Keystones?
Jan 27th Hotfixes, Rank 1 US GR 76 Hardcore DH
barb leap got secretly upgraded
How do i claim the armour?
Patch 2.4 and Season 5 - Fast Leveling Guide for Solo and Group Play!
T7 rift vs level 30 grift. I'm running through level 30 grifts no problem on my monk but when I try the rift on Torment 7 I'm getting my ass handed to me. Aren't they supposed to be the same difficulty? Are grifts easier? Also I play solo.
Well which one is it?
Trading powerlevel (eu)
Suggestion for tackling higher rift levels?
[US-West] Rancour - LFM (Seasonal)
LF People to Play with or assist NA / Softcore (West Coast around 8pm-Midnight)
PSA for all you noobs out there, including me, about Movement Speed
[NA][US-West] Rancour - LFM (Seasonal)
Are Journey's rewards uniques to one character ?
Question about changes since PC release.
Anyone else has D3 run like shit after update?
Looking for HC party
Should i continue on my wd or reroll a new char?
Gibbering Gemstone Drop Rate
Need some tips for my sader :)
PS4 1.12 update?
Is this game for geniuses or I'm dumb?
Looking for HC Season Powerlevel.
Monk lacks damage?
LF [EU] powerleveling
Hey! I quit around the start of season 1, what did I miss.
Best survive vith vanilla class?
LFG Diablo III Seasonal NHC!!!
[question] Lost all my characters because I haven't logged in since 2012.
Can't complete bounties because enemies constantly spawn under the map
Wanted to share my Wizard build.
Kanai ledger recipe
Can people please try to look at posts in these subs before you ask something?
How is the wizard seasonal set?
Videos of 2.4 reworked sets
Question for Caldesan's Despair
Nightmare set thorn sader?
Strongest DPS class in Season 5?
What iconic Diabolo item do you want back in the game?
Any change to console mob density yet?
Does Diablo 3 have any addons that're allowed?
LFG Power level [EU]
