Question on the process of giving glucagon
Sick more often since becoming diabetic
Need some advice/help - Type 2/PCOS/Metformin
Meal composition / timing questions
Anyone On U-500?
I'd like to CGM!
is this actually a bad product for insulin resistance?
Need help purchasing Abbot's freestyle libre system
I can't be the only one...
Type 1 - Going off insulin during honeymoon phase?
Roast Chicken Roost
How Common Is Diabetes In Dogs?
Control Diabetes to Get Healthy Aging
Omnipod question
The mentality towards diabetes resarch
Any BG Meters link up with Medtronic 530G pump?
What is your plan for getting drunk?
Follow up questions on dexcom G5
No longer clinically considered diabetic!
How can I get more time out of my G5 sensors?
Dexcom G5 on Android and PC Questions
Hell of a week. Have some questions.
Dexcom G4 sensors seem to last shorter and shorter..
This just in, dope a1c test today! (T1)
Newly diagnosed... Meds?
How To Lower Blood Sugar With This Drink
Up, Up and Away
Severe hypoglycemia event- has this happened to anyone? [Type 1]
In need of insulin and animas supplies!!!!!!
Rapid heartbeat and hypoglycemia
Just found out my dad has pre-diabetes. Pretty mad at him.
Type 1- Progress Update!
Insulin resistance or "Where did those 2u go?"
Question about going from the Animas Ping to the Vibe.
"Prediabetic", insulin-resistant fat? JUST started on low-dose Metformin, not sure if what I'm feeling is normal
How long does fast active insulin take to have an effect?
Does Staphylococcus aureus have a role in the development of Type 2 diabetes mellitus?
How do you use your cracker?
Promising progress for new treatment of type 1 diabetes
What Are the Oral Health Risks Associated with Diabetes? | Beaufils Dental
FREE Diabetic Friendly CookBook
Do you think I have diabetes?
I'm a 24 y/o type 2 diabetic; could checkups have caught me while I was still in the prediabetic phase?
Anyone have a CGM and a pump?
Need advice on excessive thirst
'CGM': Libre VS G5
How much sugar can you pancreas in grams before it destroys itself and causes diabetes?
T1s with other autoimmune conditions, unexplained fever, high bg's?
Fucked up for many years in my youth. Finally trying to take care of my diabetes the way I should be. Minor "shadowy" spots in vision. Once retinopathy stars is it possible to stop, or did I fuck myself over and it's set in stone that I'm going to go blind now?
Lost my transmitter. Any idea of the cost for a G4 transmitter?
Vick's Vapo Rub Diabetic cold remedy
Diabetes Apps: Diabe.to - Diabetes Management Apps
Not diagnosed, but concerned and curious.
Normal level of blood ketones? (T1)
Hi Reddit! I have just launched Distillr, a service that I hope will change the way we manage diabetes, and I'd love to get your feedback!
Female pump users - My pump clip has broken. How can I store my pump until a replacement arrives?
My girlfriend has type 2 diabetes and I'm looking for any and all information I may need to know.
Any good T1 cookbook recommendations?
Yup, you can tell we went shopping while my sugar was low... (Sorry for the potato quality)
Diabetes Ebook:Diabetes For Dummies
How do you know if your insulin is bad?
Extra "Parameters" for Dexcom CGM
Closed-loop android-enabled pancreas-like system for T1DM
freestyle lite data download
UnitedHealthcare 2016 Change: Only OneTouch Meters/Strips Covered
क्यों होता है डायबिटीज (Why is the disease of diabetes (Part-1)
Gestational Diabetes What after Baby is Born? | Aid YourSelf
Are fasting glucose and A1C tests to be absolutely sure I don't have diabetes?
So, I should get a CGM, right?
I can't control my BG while working out..
My SO, who is a type 1, got some lab results back that I need some help deciphering
Frequent 200 level blood sugar spikes?
Chest X-Ray with Pump
Good information.
Fasted HIIT for glucose management in type-2 diabetes
World Continuous Glucose Monitoring Systems Market - Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014 - 2021
Question about reactive hypoglycemia
Lows at school.
Leg pains with high blood sugar?
How to diagnose if I have diabetes or not, and if yes then which type of it?
Does anyone else (wondering about Type 1 specifically but T2 feel free to weigh in) take L-Arginine?
Smartphone-based system does job of pancreas, treats type 1 diabetes - Artificial organ that automatically controls blood-sugar levels enters final trials.
Issue with ordering new OmniPod pods
My mother has Type 2 diabetes and her latest blood sugar read 513. Is it alarming?
No-hassle blood testers like Freestyle Libre
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my aas
Had to share my a1c with you guys!
Type 2 diabetes reversal using artificial intelligence
New findings point to central nervous system role in painful diabetic peripheral nerve disease
Diabetics of NH, do you know of any local research foundations that accept donations?
Sugar is the only thing which brings my blood glucose down.
Not Doing Good - T1
(T1) (26F) Does anyone know about PAD?
Type 1 Diabetes Cure So Close To Reality!
Fleece vs. Cotton
American Girl now has a "Diabetes Care Kit" for their dolls
Diabetes type 2 the 3 Step Trick that Reverses Permanently
Dr. R M Manikandan- Endocrinologist and Diabetologist in Madurai
CVS minute Clinic for screening?
The Gym as a T1
[Humor] You find test strips everywhere
33.4 reading... Is this normal?
Diabetes...so much to learn! A couple of questions
أعراض ارتفاع السكر في الدم لمرضى السكري
Diabetes Apps: Diabetes Apps to Control your Diabetes
No more insulin injections? Encapsulated pancreatic cells offer possible...
A month of WTF
Giving myself a 4 Hour GTT, what do I drink?
New Personal Record!
Medical ID cards
Type 1 So there was blood in my insulin tube, is that bad?
Breakfast is Served
Can I withdraw insulin from a Levemir Pen with a regular syringe?
High Carb Low Fat Diet for Type 1 Diabetics?
24 y/o T1 my insurance is ending in october, need help
Something I don't understand about cost of diabetes.
My dad had a huge attack of high blood sugar, What should we do.
my father acquired type 1. was hoping for some insight
Reversing Diabetes
Defective needle discovered after incredibly painful dexcom insertion
Creating a Happy Work Life Balance
Dystopian TV show "Colony" includes insulin-dependent diabetic
What's your "record" high or low? (getting worried about mine)
Does it sound like this man has diabetes?
Help with confusing pump
Endocrinologist says I should manage my BG by eating more carbs and less fat, but I think I have early indications of LADA.
CGM in the UK?
Question about Diabetes.
Called to set up my first Endo appointment, receptionist told me it was impossible for me to type 1 and that I must be type 2
Blood in my cannula - pump site
Came across this while researching for type 1 diabetes. Will this be available soon? I have a brother with type 1 and mom with type 2 diabetes.
My fraternity just lost $400 on the Powerball, felt bad about ourselves, and then raised over 400 for JDRF.
Are fasting glucose and A1C tests enough to be absolutely sure I don't have diabetes?
Expired OneTouch Verio strips...
Just got a dexcom connection issues
A1C during pregnancy
Are lows 45mins to 1hour after eating always a sign of gastroparesis, or could I need a bolus adjustment?
I have extra diabetes pump supplies. Want them?
Best organization to donate to? best way to help t1d as a supporter?
Smokey Avocado Spread
Have your cake and eat it too!
Different ways to do blood glucose monitoring test
Sewing Project for Dexcom Case?
What mobile carbohydrate tracking apps have you found most useful?
Home Remedies for Diabetes
THE DIABETES Program REVIEWS
A glucometric mobile app - study form
{RANT} New Diagnosis -- kinda scared and angry
Scared of diabetes? Need help
As an insulin dependant diabetic, I feel like one of my biggest fears right now is going to prison.
Accessing Dexcom Share data
As Affordable As Groceries 90 Day Wellness Weight Loss Protein Shake Chocolate Diet Plan Challenge Even Marie Osmond Liked
Smartphones to help in treating Type 1 Diabetes soon
A recent study finds a chemical in the psychoactive plant ayahuasca holds an ingredient that may reverse diabetes
What are issues you have with traveling?
ADHD Meds and Possible Type II
Blood test came back with possibility of type 2 diabetes, but i didn't fast
More cgm staying attached questions
Seriously weird blood sugar
Ladies, what do you carry around?
Possible cause?
I am doing a survey on being diabetic and having depression. This is for my comp class in college. I am trying to see if there is a correctional between the two. Also any insight you have will help me as well!
Information You Want to Know about Pre diabetes and Diabetes | Diabetes Bit
Cauliflower Gratin
I was diagnosed T1 last month and have a question about pens
I got my wisdom teeth removed yesterday and now I have a moderate amount of keytones. Dentist is closed and I left a voicemail with my educator but could use some advice/reassurance.
Optometrist vs Opthamologist
Out of insulin!!!!
Type 1 - Personal Micro Study on Splenda v. Truvia
Pump insets and a six pack?
question about cheapest test strips
Health Insurance Optimizer ** Update **
Why are my BG levels so high after I exercise?
Wow It's Been 11 Years
Nearly two weeks into keto (started on the 5th). I finally feel like I'm getting some control back!
You can't see it or even feel it. But gum disease may be throwing your diabetes control out of whack.
Nachos Nice and Easy
Welp I'll be okay if an apocolypse happens...
Diabetes as a Disease
HOW I WAS CURED FROM DIABETES BY DR OSAS HERBAL MEDICINE
T2 diabetics, what was your most frightening diabetes experience?
Just diagnosed Dec. 30th. (type 1)
How to help dad with diabetes
Alternative blood lancing site when fingers get too sore
One touch Verio vs Verio IQ
Making dinner (and dessert?) for my brothers family with two Diabetic Type 1 kids
Post-prandial exercise?
It's commonly recommended for a T1 diabetic to see an endocrinologist. Does that also apply to T2s?
My poem about our disease.
When your CGM reads 154...
‘Smartphone Pancreas’ Targets Diabetes
Humble Bundle Store now supports diabetes charities!
100% Premium Forskolin Root Extract! I lost weight by 15 lb share their results! And in bed I became a stallion! [diabetes]
When you try to be a good bf and help test your gf's sugar.
One random test of 260 - am I diabetic?
What are healthy snacks for T2 diabetic?
T1 and school.
New to pumping. I’ve got some questions regarding what I can do, as opposed to what I should be doing.
Only iPhone users can upgrade from Dexcom G4 to G5?
Feel awful, do I have pre-diabetes?
Illness and BG (T1)
Waffles? Pancakes? Diabetic's dilemma...
Local Woman Cured [Comic]
I sometimes do this when I'm in a rush. It's annoying.
What are some signs that someone is dying from diabetes?
Home Remedies For Diabetes!! http://blog.blessayurveda.com/home-remedies-for-diabetes/
So I just got the diagnosis yesterday
What to do if you have alcohol-induced hypoglycemia?
Type 1 diabetic taking creatine as a workout supplement. Good idea or not?
Questions about special shoes after two amputated toes
[t1] How low do you go?
T2 Diabetics, how do you motivate yourself to keep your health on track?
Got readings of 90-94 from the relion glucometer after 19 hours of fasting
Minimed 530G: Condensation inside screen
Cautious optimism for advancements in management; dismissive of "cures"
Body Movement Trick That Reverses Diabetes - Leading U.S Doctor Reveals His
Diabetes Diet Facts
Diabetes Management - Diabetes Management Apps
About Diabetes
It's a rough cycle
Former executive alleges Takeda illegally promoted Actos to treat patients with prediabetes in Massachusetts whistleblower lawsuit
This Dark Ring Around The Neck Could Mean Type 2 Diabetes
Dating WebSite Online! Find Your Girls to night! my iis
Sanofi no longer distributing inhaled insulin Afrezza. What went wrong?
Does Blood Glucose Monitoring should be done for Diabetics?
Look what I found at the supermarket
How do carbohydrates impact your health? - Richard J. Wood (TED-Ed, 5 minutes video)
Diabetes and Yoga... Mentally Challenging
Will kelp help?
Do you guys get like this?
When should I start to get worried?
Request For G4 transmitter
T1D Wife concerned about her life expectancy; sadness/depression. Encouragement?
This tiny scanner can tell how many calories [and carbs] are in your food before you eat it (xpost from /r/technology)
I'm not sure that's right...maybe you're just a little cold, friend?
Fundraiser for Diabetic Alert Dog for sweet little girl diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes!
Dad has Diabetic ketoacidosis
We are developing an automated, in-home urinalysis device, and we are looking to interview people with diabetes to learn how this technology may help them.
DAE insert Enlite sensors through tegaderm?
Alternate testing sites: can I use toes? Where else works?
Switching from Novolog to Humalog
Fiance is T1 Diabetic with poor management...Don't know what to do
A day in the life . . .
Omnipod supplies, where to order?
Dexcom G5 Receiver?
Looking to donate 4 boxes Omnipod pods
Indoor exercise tips. Cannot convince father to jog outside
Freestyle Libre questions
Needle-phobic pancreas transplant 'world first'
I'd say I'm having a pretty good night.
Check Diabetes in Dogs
Diabetes Destroyer 2016
The IPhone should come out with a feature using Suri that you could tell her what you ate etc and she could keep track of how many carbs and tell you how much insulin to have. It could open a lot of different options to have Suri do this. Saw similar post about Suri and fitness, gave me this idea
[ Type 1] How dangerous is a low?
Keeping CGM clean
How long does insulin actually last?
How dependent on your CGM are you?
Pump Comparisons
G5 pairing issues
DiabetesDestroyerreview
Take an Ayurvedic Approach to Control Diabetes
Diabetes Ebook:A new approach in Type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment Evaluation of the benefit
Shared private base unmarried woman 24+ for SEX, who need "testdrive" ID: aatan NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT
That low carb life tho...
Italian Twist soup
I am very lonely, I just love to fuck!!
Guy I broke my low record just now... 1.7mmol/l. No one else understands.
T1 with sudden lack of control
[Type 2] 29.1 Million People in US Suffering from type 2 diabetes
Lantus Troubles, Please Help!
Newly diabetic nephew age 11, needing advice
Price of Lantus skyrocketing since the new year?
Treatment changes when i switch pump sites
Is it safe to wait that long?
Diabetes management not that great, I need some advice and tips
What did you feel like before your diagnosis? Did you notice anything was amiss?
Upgrading to Dexcom G5
This books whole one section is on how to use coffee for diabetes . Grab this its free
Bad weather back up plan exercise
Metformin: Diabetes or Weight loss?
As a Dexcom user traveling this holiday, reading exit signs gave me a different feeling.
Why I’m Building Software for Diabetes Management (This time actually with the link.. ugh)
Diabetes &amp; Hemorrhoids. Is there a relationship between these ?
T1 GF has Gastroparesis and begins dialysis tomorrow :(
Thanks. I'm usually a pretty tough guy
A spare reusable pen costs $60
[Type 1] Do you prefer insulin pens or insulin pumps, and why? [Ontario]
Whey Protein Suggestions for T1D
T1 in search of expired G4 "slim" transmitter
Lilly Humalog KwikPen - poor job of fully injecting or just faulty needles?
Taking Control of My Health the Hard Way
IM correction, best site?
A few questions from a mom of a tour 1 diabetic in need of help.
Am I in the honeymoon phase?
Blood sugar frequently over 200, is it normal for Type 1 Diabetic?
Waterproof pump cases
Lowering A1C side effects (T1)
Health Insurance for T1 Diabetic - Living in California
Threshold suspend is now off.
Medication when cheating
Husband new to pumping
Diabetes Ebook:Handy Health Guide To Diabetes
The story of how I acquired type 1.
Diabetes Treatment Through Vijaysar Tumbler
Is stress affecting my bg numbers? (type 2)
Did your bcbs insurance cover dexcom?
What does a "low" and a "high" feel like, and at what number can one feel a high or a low?
Girlfriend's brother likely (pre)diabetic, learning difficulties, refuses examination, not sure what to do.
Thank you r/diabetes!
AIC and frequency of eating
Pros / Cons of the Dexcom G5?
Diabetes Destroyer - Is It a Cure or Just a Scam
Homemade External Pancreas Solution
Seeking Type 1 &amp; 2 Using CGM System - Not Pump
Do test strips expire?
Type-II MIL is mismanaging her diabetes (severely), and I think it's a lack of nutrition education. What are your favorite resources or books I can point her to?
Itchy/Red/Irritated Cannula Site (OmniPod)
3 Tricks for Managing Diabetes Your Doctor Won’t Tell You | Diabetes Bit
When your earring falls right into your sharps container...
Statins stimulate atherosclerosis and heart failure: pharmacological mechanisms. High LDL? Doc prescribed a statin? You have diabetes? You need to read this. x-post from /r/type2diabetes
Canadian Research Diabetes Study
First A1C after diagnosis
Type 1. Weird question. Is anyone a surgeon or nurse?
ACA coverage regarding pumps/glucose monitors?
New to pump, have a question
New to the sub, question about my situation
Diabetes Management
Zumba Swim Aerobics
[diabetes] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
I wanted to double check the carbs in my fries. Are you kidding me?
Diet changes for pre-T2?
Diabetic for 16 years, my BCBS insurance won't cover my humalog! WHAT DO I DO?!!?!?!
CBT and Type 1 Diabetes Management
Is there a need for a daily user friendly summary of new discoveries in diabetes?
Looking for a comprehensive, but not to exhaustive carbohydrate and serving size list. excel format preferred.
"ACP [American College of Physicians] Endorses Increased Generic Drug Use" - important for choosing diabetic meds as the pool of equivalent choices keeps growing
Helpful tips for reversing type 2 diabetes and few super food habits
CDC urges to check your risk for diabetes
Cauliflower Quiche
Facts about diabetes treatment
Early Signs Of Diabetes: Diabetes Symptoms and Home Remedies to Cure
Having a serious problem with the Omnipod pump system
Animas Vibe Review
Recently Diagnosed (2 Months) AMA!
BMI of 17, doctors won't consider LADA
A1C down and I'm super excited and want to share!
I'm 16 and worried
Question about Lows
10-day vacation...ended up pretty okay
Dexcom G5 Transmitter Battery Message
How often do you guys drink?
Advice on how to set up my eating schedule on days like this?
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:aadaslalasoaantainn
My evolution of pumps throughout the years.
After a night like this, I just want to skip breakfast and stay in bed.
Doing a survey for school about diabetes and depression. If you could please help me out!
DIABETES ENDOCRINOLOGY – THEORY AND RESEARCH OF HORMONAL IMBALANCES
Tandem Slim G4 Review
Do you check out your lab work results before you consult with your doctor?
Keeping cannula and cgm attached with a hairy body
(suggestion to mods) Daily discussion thread
Dosing advice for switching from Lantus to Tresiba
124 Animas Cartridges
The right Endocrinologist can make all the difference.
just got a cgm and I really need help, please
People who eat carbs freely, how do your spikes look?
Test strip back up plan
This popped up on my Facebook, thought I'd share it
Keytones at 4.6, feeling rough ughhhh
I ate 175 carbs today, never bolused once and my blood sugar is lower now than it was when I woke up. Can anyone tell me what the f*** is going on?
I had my wisdom teeth removed yesterday and now I have a moderate amount of ketones. Dentist is closed and I left a voicemail with my educator but could use some advice/reassurance.
Needing advice about how to change my diet and loose weight safely.
My cat was just diagnosed with T2 diabetes (yes, cat diabetes is exactly like human diabetes - go figure). I need some advice regarding a good meter I can buy, how to get insulin cheaply, etc. I'm in Canada BTW - further details in the post text.
Questions about pump and CGM
The long term effects of high blood sugars on the brain is well documented, but what about the long term effects of low blood sugar on the brain?
All thoughts became superfluous but one
My mom has type 2 diabetes and isn't taking care of herself.
Worried I have diabetes and looking for opinions.
Dexcom + Nexus phone = sharing trouble. Please help!
Now I'm freaking out.
Any idea of how to get cheap insulin in Canada?
OmniPod pod deactivated but won't stop beeping
One cool thing about ending up in the hospital with DKA and finding out you're a type 1 diabetic
Pancreas removal.
Some diabetes "hacks". (2012, still relevant)
Diabetes Management
Participate in a research study for Type 2 Diabetes. Research for people with Type 2 Diabetes who take Metformin.
Free contour next test strips
For T2, app uses artificial intelligence to help achieve type 2 diabetes reversal
Blood glucose monitoring – What does it do?
[diabetes] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:oditlgal
Calibrate your basal - do you follow the 1/3 total insulin rule?
Health Tip: Diabetics, Watch for Gum Disease
Accu CHek Compact
Burnout that isn't really burnout?
Can a diabetic go 24hrs. With nothing but water?
(UK) NHS HB1ac blood check
lantus conversion
A very interesting article on pancreatic bioengineering
I'm a southerner moving to a northern climate. How does this mail order thing work without freezing my stuff?
Controlling Dawn Effect without medicine
The Validity of Insulin Resistance Theory in Type 2 Diabetes
Some questions
"Good news. There is no diabetes in your eyes"
How important is it to know if your issues is insulin sensitivity or production?
New knowledge on why patients with type 2 diabetes present olfactory problems
The Linkage Between PCOS &amp; Blood Sugar Management And The Effects Of The Paleo Diet
Causes and Symptoms of Diabetes Mellitus with Ketoacidosis in Cats
How to Plan Healthy Meals for a Diabetic Diet
What's your "record" high or low? (getting worried about mine)
Looking to change meters and want suggestions.
Fitness trackers?
Chances my insulin will be frozen, and what (if anything) to do?
I don't know whether or not I have reactive hypoglycemia.
Being T1 in a hospital sucks
Diabetes and Bipolar
How long should a G4 battery last?
Get a better night's sleep...
Kassie- a diabetic- has an inch mass on her heart and needs your help!
Diabetes Types Can Be Confusing
New pump user with a question
158 bg peak for a non diabetic. Curious about how big of a role the amount of carbs consumed plays.
Call for Participation for Research Entitled "Perceptions of Contributing Factors Regarding the Development of Diabulimia in Individuals with Type I Diabetes"
Retinopaty celebration
Newly diagnosed T1, in need of some advice from veterans.
Diabetes Clinic in Bangalore| Diabetic Center – Apollo Sugar
Artificial pancreas studies to be conducted in early 2016
Diabetes Clinic | Treatment For Diabetes in Bangalore
Why in the world would my new sets come with 10 infusion sets but ONLY 5 TUBING?! ComfortShort WHY? HELP!
Dexcom sensor not sticky? Is there a bad batch out there?
High blood sugar and Oedema
A question about A1C
Winter Storm Reminder
Bitter Melon recipe!
the whole day I go in for sports, but all night i on webcam 22
Best deal on blood glucose meter online
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1 (definition, synonyms, questions)
You Do Not Need a Cure for Diabetes, Do It By Yourself
Newly Diagnosed
Does anyone here do high carb low fat (&lt;10% of cals) vegan?
Insulin Resistance while sick
Should I go to sleep with high blood sugar or walk it off? T1D
Neuropathy - Any Success stories?
Hot yoga and diabetes
Diet Or Exercise Apps
This doesn't make any god damn sense. Insulin raising blood sugar?
Excess Sof-Sensors. What do do with them?
anyone have a problem with Onetouch Verio test strips
Scientists make type 1 diabetes breakthrough by halting disease for six months
Maybe.......? Let's hope it doesn't take 10 years to get approval. I'll happily do it now as a guinea pig.
diabetes and college
Disease of Diabetes
Question on carb counting fruit
Advice for a Type 1 with pretty serious UTI?
[xpost from r/nursing] Given the facts, would you administer insulin in this situation?
Would anyone that uses the Enlite CGM be willing to Skype or FaceTime with me for literally 5 minutes to answer a couple of questions/give me some pointers?
For those who do keto and cardio
Does any else follow a low carb diet but still have high cholesterol?
Glucose levels linked to cardiac surgery outcomes
Techinasia: Chinese smartphone glucometer Dnurse raises millions in series A
Just like folks...
it seems like there is a cure for my diabetes?!
3 Next Generation Glucose Monitoring Products for Diabetes Patients
What Kinds Of Bread Can A Diabetic Eat
[Type One] Virus Wreaking Havoc
Just double-dosed on levemir
People with hba1c lower than 6 but not on a very low carb diet how do you do it? Type 1 MDI
All new drugs once again.
T1 need encouragement.
What strange demon is controlling my blood sugar?
Zucchini (Oh)Gratin
How to flush and burn sugar from your system if you have type 1 or type 2 diabetes the natural way.
New A1C results in!
possibly prediabetic, have some questions for this community!
Help with blood sugar depletion overnight
Getting my eyes checked for the first time tomorrow.
What is the best treatment for Type 2 diabetes?
What are the Symptoms of Diabetes to watch out for?
Have researchers found a CURE for Type 1 diabetes by embedding cells tha...
No more Insulin Injections? Encapsulated Pancreatic Cells offer possible new Diabetes Treatment.
Diabetes Ebook:Healthy Cooking For Diabetics-60 delicious &amp; natural recipes for a diabetic diet
Blood Glucose Meter Accuracy &amp; Long-Term Diabetes Control
Hemoglobin-A1c
Correction bolusing strategy using Dexcom arrows
Why are there 2 different units for measuring blood glucose?
Going to Japan for a month, have a few questions.(T1)
Dexcom G5 - Large discrepancies when numbers are high.
My type 1 wife just tested positive for being pregnant!!!!!
Low Testosterone and Insulin Resistance
Type 1 - Progress! Still a long way to go, but I needed to cheer a little bit!
Tresiba now available in the US
Hello r/diabetes
(T1) I just got home from a 12-week backpacking trip in Southeast Asia. AMA!
KEITH AND ELLEN WIN A NEW LOOK ON LIFE! (1954) and KEITH AND TOMMY CLIMB TO A NEW LIFE (1966) [Free diabetes informational comics from Eli Lilly and Company] [Type 1]
Type 1 diabetes is on the verge of being cured: replacements for pancreatic cells that are destroyed by diabetics' immune systems are being developed.
Diabetes Destroyer 2016
Another Day Another Breakfast
They invented a diabetic would healing gel!
FINALLY. something is going with these trials
Tea time black tea health benefits
I'm trying to research info on my birth condition. (hypoglycemia)
Pet diabetes and how to manage it.... an informational guide!
Question for Omnipod users
Tylenol alternative?
Sudden Onset Type 1? (19yo F)
Freestyle Libre open for new registration/orders [EU]
No nutrition info
T1d extremely poorly managed. Strong enough to admit I need some serious help.
First surgery ever, questions about blood sugars afterwards...
Finger prick - blood geyser
Average Daily Carb Intake?
Texas Lions Camp in Kerrville, Texas has started taking applications for its 2016 Type 1 diabetes sessions
