Good riddance to a poor show runner.
Currently writing a fan tv script for Doctor Who, anyone know Moffat so I can send it him ;)
I'm starting my girlfriend on Doctor Who, What episode should I start with?
I don't understand "day of the doctor"
A bit of an odd question (image request!)
Question! What are the approximate ages of each companion in the series?
I found the original Osgood
Doctor Who showrunner Steven Moffat is leaving after series 10 and Broadchurch's Chris Chibnall is taking over
Happy Birthday! Tom Baker Turns 82 Today
Steven Moffat has quit as showrunner, Chris Chibnall as new showrunner!
I decided to redo the tardis console in the lego set to more accurately match the show
Amy Pond by VitoSs
Doctor Who Poop: Robot of Sherwood
This drawing is amazing.
Peter Capaldi on 'Doctor Who' future: 'Season 10 could be my final year' - CultBox
Gift Wallet - Get free gift card, awsome reward and make money
With all the storms going on the East coast... The Doctor is here.
Favourite Steven Moffat Episode: Round 1
Doctor Who - The Capaldi Years Ultimate Trailer (With LastWhovianTrailers)
What is Christmas song in this episode?
If any of you are gamers, David Tennant is in Just Cause 3.
Qwertee has a nice TARDIS T-Shirt today
Doctor Who Humble Bundle.
Just got my custom-made Eleven vest
"Is there something on my head?"
Doctor Who POP! Vinyl Figure. They are Awesome!!!
13 Doctors Wallpaper made by /u/chromium852
Say Hello (A Doctor/TARDIS Trock Song)
Doctor Who / Tiny Tower mashup (By Larry Cayco)
Doctor Who thigh piece by Reime @ Evolution Tattoo, Bloomington, MN [no spoilers]
A keepsake box I made for my giftee... USPS delivered it late and it wasn't posted. Figured you'd appreciate it here.
A wallpaper I made on Tom Baker's birthday
I drew another piece of doctor who fan art. Just finished the David season. Please share it.
Where can I watch Classic Doctor Who?
Do you think the next showrunner needs to be British?
My wife is upset that Dr Who is leaving Netflix next week. She's up to season 7, what episodes are the "must watch" episodes from season 7 &amp; 8?
So, 24 years with River
Is Doctor Who exterminating BBC drama around the UK?
I got my brother to watch doctor who. He keeps me updated on his progress while I'm away for school.
Sorry to link to facebook, but this album is worthy. It's about the reel-to-reel audio recordings of the 60s episodes, which are the reason we have all the soundtracks today.
Strangeness and Charm by The-Longfall-of-1979
My friend Kim is a big fan of Clara. This was her birthday present.
Whos timeline Is this?
Doctor Who Leaves Netflix February 1st in the US
Tom Ellis would make a fun doctor.
Stephen Moffat calls you and asks for the next big episode idea. What's your suggestion?
I made a Dalek blueprint using a digital negative and cyanotype chemistry
My throwback Rose Tyler "Tooth and Claw" costume
What are some of the worst doctor who episodes/story arcs through time and space?
I made a Valentine's Day Ood!
Koquillion It Was Really Nothing
Doctor Who: Doctor's Notes to Provide a Multimedia Viewing Experience
Saw while I was out shopping. It's probably bigger on the inside.
dota 2 WTF moments reboot 2.2
Doctor Who - Series 9 Opening Sequence [HD]
Season 10 credits
The Doctor and Weapons
Series 11 another pseudo reboot?
Observations from binging DW before Netflix abandons us
Doctor who TV movies and Documentaries?
Why a female Doctor is a horrible idea
This is the door to the back room at my new job. Figured you guys would like it
Meet my new companion Rose! (more info in the comments)
I think we all know what's really happening with the Neptune sized planet lurking beyond Pluto.
Tardis by jimmy morrens
Sonic Soup! My first attempt at homemade soup so I had to use my Sonic Screwdriver Spork
Jenna Coleman's new show Victoria to air on PBS
Doctor Who Leaving Netflix
I Think They Overused the Weeping Angles
Something that popped into my head about zygons
I've found this old Doctor Who game while browsing The Interner Archive, enjoy!
Bring back the shakri/tally for the chibnall era
Doctor Who The Seeds of Doom 1976 with Tom Baker
I'm so glad Clara's gone. Next up...a new Doctor.
Rose and Bad Wolf
Best 11 Quote?
Matt Smith reacts to Steven Moffat leaving Doctor Who
Uploaded this to r/lego but got no love, seen another guys on here...thought maybe you'd like mine too...
Portal Potty - (Doctor Who Style)
Top 10 Actors Who Should Play The Thirteenth Doctor
Went looking for Doctor Who funko pops. Found an exclusive I didn't even know existed!
/u/Lorix_In_Oz making headlines with their theory from this sub!
Bought an old IBM Thinkpad, this is what I saw when I booted it into Windows 98...
Just so we know what Rory has been up to...
I've need some help finding the old episodes of Doctor Who?
Wrote an article on some of Moffat's biggest success
I am glad Moffett is leaving...BUT.
Top 3 Tuesday: River Song Moments
Question about Zygon Inversion
Was David Bowie ever considered for the role of The Doctor?
Question about the show
What calendar does the Doctor use to reckon his age?
Does anyone know of a "human race timeline"?
Whovian Themed Teas from Adagio... Amy Pond is delicious!
A Weeping Angel I Drew (Lacks Details)
Shut up and take my money, Funko!
Doctor Who - A Tardis VFX Shot "In Vortex"
Who would you want to be the next doctor?
[Discussion] What are some things Moffat should tie up in season 10?
Best Episode yet!
Man I picked a bad time to start watching the show.
Are 12's "attack eyebrows"...
Best Nu-Who Episode
Gallifreyan language(s)
How could Moffat pull of his final series?wishlist?
The celestial toymaker,black guardian or the Mara?
A Wibbly-Wobbly Timey-Wimey Series
Lego Doctor Who Deep Breath Adaptation Brickfilm
DOCTOR WHO '70 Theme Recreation (Opening and Closing Titles)
Hey, I'm Hannah and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
Digital portrait of 12
The man who lives on a cloud by Farbenfrei
Found an amazing Doctor Who wallpaper that I'm sure those of you who haven't already seen it could enjoy
A co-worker's package of googly eyes put to good use
Theory: Jenny Flint is Jenny from "The Doctor's Daughter" and she is still alive in 2016 and Beyond
A cool Captcha I got just now...
DC's legends of tomorrow, Arthur darvill
Way to screw over Doctor Who fans.
Vampire Monkeys
Why is everyone freaking out about Class when it was announced months ago?
Would you like to see Tennant, Smith or Eccleston reprise the role of The Doctor when they are in their 60s?
Scoreless Episode Audio?
We will win the war in no time with this in my bathroom!
Doctor Who: Series 9 - Game of Thrones Style
[wip][oc] Making progress on my oil painting of eleven.
Spearhead From Space Review - Doctor Who
Viking scrolls created for The Girl Who Died: Unused
TARDIS Cosplay Dress - Tampa Bay Comic Con
Handmade Doctor Who Gallifreyan Drink Coaster Set
Season 9 Review (slight spoilers)
Tree Surgeons use sonic hammers assess potential decay in a tree.
Made a cartoonish Doctor with the antlers
Shows like Doctor Who
Fear me, I killed hundreds of Time Lords.
Hoping to give this Doctor Who shirt a good home
I just finished my time with the Tenth Doctor [Possible Spoilers for those starting out]
Doctor Who (New) Monologues
My son sent me this. "You're a TimeLord with a TARDIS......" Help me identify the other people.
1000 Piece Puzzle (2 Days of Work So Far)
My Doctor Who birthday present
TARDIS Scale Model (xpost from /r/DIY)
Thank you, Facebook.
These leggings
The Doctor and the TARDIS
Is that Craig Owens from "Closing Time"?
The Tardis and her Doctor by OrneryJen
Restaurants on Doctor Who
What now while you have the chance. Dr. Who will be leaving Netflix on February 1st
Sounds a bit wibbly wobbly
What if the guy from "The man from earth" is a Time Lord ?
Tim Roth as the next doctor
Doctor Alan Rickman
Quick thought: how do the Weeping Angels move?
Who do you think The Women is?
Cant wait to watch new season of doctor who
Just a thought: Heaven Sent would make for a tedious, but great video game
SUSAN FOREMAN IS THE GRANDAUGHTER OF RIVER AND THE 12TH DOCTOR--DOCTOR WHO THEORY (and the Doctor's half-human statememnt explained)
Who anchors your attachment to the show, Doctor or companions?
Classic Series Whovians, I need your help!!!!!
Everything you need to know about new Doctor Who showrunner Chris Chibnall
Visit the iconic TARDIS in VR with Google cardboard
Badwolf carved in stone
List of Doctor Who episodes that Chris Chibnall wrote
Netflix is getting a lot of calls... I cancelled mine, and what you can do to keep Who on NetFlix.
"We're all stories in the end" in gallifreyan?
A thought I had about the Weeping Angels
Any news on the new sonic screwdriver toy replica production?
Can someone explain Sleep No More to me?
I know they are taking Doctor who off Hulu, but are they also taking off Sarah Jane adventures, and Torchwood?
doctor who coloring book
Still one of my favourite rebuttals for the "Doctor Never Uses A Gun" crowd.
LEGO Ideas - Doctor Who - [LEGO 21304]
Doctor Who Showrunner Steven Moffat Leaving the Show - Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall to Replace Him
I created a book of fan letters and Peter Capaldi replied with a message/autograph to each contributor!
Madame Vastra speed sculpt video
My secret Santa gift - a gallifreyan locket
Saw this in the mall parking lot in Tulsa
Doctor Who Spinoff Annouced
Doctor Who gets lengthy sabbatical as showrunner Steven Moffat quits
Netflix warned me Dr. Who will be removed Feb 1st?!
Eleventh Doctor ARC spoiler
Maybe I need a little break on Doctor Who...
Imagine Netflix is removing just one episode of Doctor Who instead of the entire series. It's up to you to choose which one. Which episode would you choose to axe?
Doctor-Clara theories post-Christmas (WILL CONTAIN SPOILERS)
A Beginner's Question
Sonic Lipstick vs Sonic Screwdriver
What loose ends do you think will be tied up in Series 10?
Question about time fields
Capaldi's inspiration to start learning guitar
I just figured something about the new show "Class" and i hope i'm wrong.. (Includes Hell Bent Spoilers)
Does anybody know what happened to the Disney XD run?
Someone at the radio times is a redditor! Second article this sub has spawned in recent weeks! Congrats /u/HMpf1998
Matt Smith speaks out on Steven Moffat's Doctor Who exit: "He's done so much for it and so much for me"
11th Doctor and Amy Pond by Rukinda
Doctor Who: Out With The Old (Part 1) - looking at Steven Moffat's tenure at the helm.
I wish I had all the monies!!! THEY TALK!!!
Saw this on Reddit. Sounds like a DW episode!
Companion Tournament Poll
Is anyone else jealous that the Doctor had Clara erased from his mind and we didn't get to forget her?
So DC made Rory a Timelord
[Spoilers] Question about character motivation in Season 4 Episode 12 "Turn Left"?
What exactly was 'the silence' at the end of the vampires of Venice
Inspired by HONY
Currently starting a 3rd Doctor binge. What, if any, are some eps generally considered skippable?
Has the 11th/12th sonic ever been used with the claws out, but not extended?
Who do you think will be the next companion?
My my watched Doctor Who as a child but watched a new episode that sort of scarred her.
Heaven Sent in Super Mario Maker
About hell bent
Is it just me, or does do the lights on the Helmsley Building look a lot like a TARDIS?
Tom Baker on QVC - February 2001 - part 1 of 2
So long Steven Moffat, the psychedelic romantic of Doctor Who
LEGO Dimensions - Official Doctors! Trailer
My girlfriend turned a Guy Fawkes mask into this for her Clockwork Droid cosplay for NYCC! Her first attempt at cosplay!
Doctor Who (Seasons 1-9) In Historical Chronological Order - SPOILERS
I finally understand Face The Raven [Possible spoilers]
[Spoiler] I have a question about s09 final episode
Drawing Parallels: Rose Tyler and Clara Oswald
Just watched the last episode of season 9
Series 5 DVD question
Doctor Who Leaving Netflix February 1st
The Doctor saves Detroit, but it might be too late. (I read this wrong)
Possibly Chris Chibnall's first artistic contribution to Doctor Who
New Writer - New Doctor???
Have you seen this Doctor Who easter egg in Arrow ?
David Tennant and Peter Capaldi
Worked with a friend on a Doctor Who mural this past weekend
a weird (but good) Season 9 review
December 31st was my birthday and girlfriend knows I like Doctor Who. I think she's a keeper.
Why didn't River travel with the Doctor after "The Angels Take Manhattan"?
Looking for a few Dr. Who books as gifts. What are your favorites? Novels, short story collections, etc.
The Next Doctor?
Theory: Ashildr hasn't really been alive since the end of The Girl Who Died
Can Peter Capaldi become the best Doctor?
Peter Capaldi say's "I'm Doctor Who" and Tennant says "I'm the The Doctor."
Time Lord biology question: Pregnant Regeneration?
Dalek and Victoria (steam-punk girl) by BrianKesinger
Doctor Who question on tonight's Jeopardy
Doctor Who was just mentioned again on Jeopardy!
TIL that Alex Kingston (River Song) played a lawyer by the name of Pond on Law and Order: SVU
Doctor Who Experience was a blast!!!!
An old fan video that always gets me hyped to watch Who.
So I was creating a mix of the Doctor Who theme when the software gave me this option....Nobody panic.
Remember The Master back in the Matt Smith and David Tenant days. I like to think this is him :D
Walnuts every day keep the doctor away?
River's Timeline. Which came first for River, Flesh and Stone or A Good Man Goes to War
Saw this today in Chicago.
I just realised something with The Day Of The Doctor
Is anyone going to 'Delete!' this weekend?
Do the 8th Doctor's Big Finish adventures get better?
Interesting Fan Theory on Clara's death
Doctor Who reference in Sherlock: The Abominable Bride
Is there zero chance now of a "Wholock" crossover?
I guess he's been missing Clara more than we thought.........
Doctor Who Lantern (Pandorica speech)
Moffat To Leave Doctor Who After Series 10, Chris Chibnall as New Showrunner
Trying an "End of Time" version of the Doctor. This was a lot of fun to do!
Fantastic TARDIS Cosplay
Doctor Who Expiring From Netflix on February 1st, 2016
I love how your tongue feels down there.
Doctor Who Action Figure Scenes
TARDIS themed newsagents I saw yesterday.
Vincent and the Doctor
Looks like I have some reading to do!
So there won't be a new Series in 2016...
Where to watch season 9 in 'murica?
Since there's a new showrunner, will 12...
The spoon mystery solved (I think) - Heaven Sent blooper-type thing
Writing for Autographed Photos
Will Moffat still write occasional episodes?
Other than DVDs, is there any way to watch Classic Who with the infotext and/or audio commentary?
The Daleks need to have less appearances on the show.
Doctor Who future Lego sets
Captain Jack's greatcoat
Sonic screwdriver waterproof?
Regarding Netflix' treatment of Doctor Who
Doctor Who/Anime Crossover
So my awesome sister painted me some shoes for Christmas
Netflix has some good news and some bad news for Doctor Who fans
Its smaller on the outside.
The 'Who is Doctor Who?" website featured in Rose is still operational. (It has later sections updated by Mickey Smith).
i made this Tardis.
Should other planets have there own version of doctor who?both in the show and real life?
Where can I watch capaldi Christmas special?
Of Doctor Who's 39 most highly rated episodes (imdb), Moffat wrote 23
Overall what do you like better? "NuWho", The classic series, Torchwood, or the Sarah Jane Adventures?
Can the Doctor rengenerate into a past version of himself?
Favorite Episode with a twist thread
Why isn't the Christmas special on YouTube?
'Robotic orchestra' performs Doctor Who theme music
My dad made a TARDIS cake for my 21st!
Had 30 minutes of free time, so I used it to 3D model a Tardis in Cinema 4D
'Doctor Who' Also Set To Leave Hulu On January 31: How Nervous Should Stateside Whovians Be?
Thought you guys might appreciate this T.A.R.D.I.S Minecraft VFX video I made. (bigger on the inside)
REVIEW: Doctor Who: 'The Husbands of River Song'
LEGO Dimensions Easter Eggs - Doctor Who.
What would happen if the Doctor became a Borg?
Sheboogans/Shabogans?
Who would you like to see take over for Steven Moffat?
I'd been thinking of starting to learn guitar because of Capaldi's influence. Step 1: Get a guitar, check.
The Time Vortex by jasric
Doctor Who Intro (Series 7 Part 2) Red Dwarf Style
Walking downtown when suddenly...
Nine (Christopher Eccleston) in Alzheimer's Research campaign
My friend's War Doctor cosplay. He just kept saying "No more!"
Female Doctor suggestions
The last (few) of the Timelords (autographs)
Questions on the end of Ten's run
I've finally updated my Doctor Who 3D website!
The Day of and Time of the Doctor Box Set?
My daughter reading some fine literature on the porch of her blanket fort
Who Am I? XII (art by David Dryden)
My Mom got me the Dr Who Lego set for my 45th Birthday! Here's my review
(RUMOUR) Peter Capaldi to 'leave Doctor Who after 2017 series'
THE TIMELORDS / KLF - Doctorin' The Tardis
Steven Moffat Stepping Down as Showrunner for Doctor Who, Chris Chibnall to Replace Him
EPIC Doctor Who Theme (Cover)
Is Chris Chibnall going to be a good thing or a bad thing for Doctor Who when Steven Moffat leaves?
TIL about Pat Gorman, who played minor roles in 83 episodes of the original show - only 6 people have appeared in more
Doctor Who: 10 differences between British and American Whovians
Faking Fandom Forums! A Place For Geeks and Nerds of All Fandoms! Join Today!
Here's my buddy's new tattoo... Count the Shadows!
Thoughts on Doctor Who:Season 9 [Contains Spoilers]
If the Doctor has given his sonic screw driver to River Song, what will he use now?
Doctor Who Streaming question
Doctor who themed Christmas gifts?
The Doctor in series 10
My wife made this, I thought it was pretty cool and wanted to share her talent.
Playing cards against humanity when ......
Let's Play The Sims 4: Rosebud Challenge (Part 1) with Eleven and River Song
I made my boyfriend his very own mini-TARDIS for his 30th birthday.
doctor who 63-89 expiring in netflix in 3 days (US)
My modest thoughts on "An Adventure in Time and Space", a moving documentary about the birth of Doctor Who
Real life TARDIS console
Re-watching Series 1... not as good as I remember?
Question about River Song
Suggestion for those of us who enjoy the Twelfth Doctor a lot...
Anyone ever think of watching the show in chronological order?
Top 3 Tuesday: Sexiest Moments
Could the Torchwood: Miracle Day "Plan B" be Missy's plan from series 8?
Have just watched The Day of The Doctor again.....
Finally got everything I wanted from Lego Dimensions!
Why Terror of the Zygons Is the Ultimate Doctor Who Story, for Better or Worse
Who is your favorite companion the doctor has had. Mine is Rose
Dr. Howard Marans Announces Vitals Profile
As promised, a better photo of my granddad's "Exploding TARDIS" now that it's on our living room wall! :-)
Doctor Who Digital Pinball Recreation Kickstarter
How the Doctor Who Christmas Special Finally Gave River Song the Husband She Deserves - Vanity Fair article
DOCTOR WHO - Series 10 Theme Proposal
Gallifrey Falls (No More):A Collage
My Attempt at The Twelfth Doctor's Speech from The Zygon Inversion
Adele's "Hello" takes on an entire near meaning if you listen to it as if it was telling the life story of her interaction with the Doctor
10th Doctor Cosplay
Doctor who comics?
If you could pick 1 episode that perfectly sums each doctor up and capture what their era was all about?
River Song's Need to check her diary doesn't make sense to me. Help me understand.
Out of all the Dr who items you own which is your favourite ?
The River's Return Theory
Unintentionally wibbly-wobbly license plate seen in NYC today.
Silence in Steven Universe (Probably posted before but it's new to me)
Doctor Who - All of Time and Space [POSTER] by thedrunknown
The Chris Chibnall news reminded me of when I went to his house to record a podcast episode - talking about when he was head writer on Torchwood. Go to around 46 mins in for that part. Although, the whole interview is still interesting.
Doctor Who reference in the first few seconds of this DNews episode
A discussion between Andy Lane, Paul Cornell, Steven Moffat and David Bishop about Doctor Who from January 17, 1995.
Pond Nouveau by khallion
Just discovered this great song by Mitch Benn.
Spotted a fan in the wild.
Sketchbook Page from Yesterday
Doctor Who: The Torchwood House Website Is Quite Convincing, but Fictional
The Pinball Arcade starts Kickstarter campaign for Bally's Doctor Who [x-post /r/pinball]
Tom Baker's blog entry describing his experience of appearing in the 50th anniversary special.
Amazing painting my 12 year old sister did of Peter Capaldi on her Ipad
Suspicious Dahlak activity inside?
Why Are My Eyes Leaking? [Spoilers from early seasons up to Christmas Special]
The IT guy at work was having fun today
Steven Moffat stands down and Chris Chibnall to take over
Weeping Angels with Marble Veils
Thoughts on Chameleon Circuit?
Am I stupid for wanting Benedict Cumberbatch to be an incarnation of The Doctor?
Need tattoo idea
Looking for guitar covers of I Am the Doctor
Ideas for doctor who themed diorama
12 Doctor by SpookyChan
11th art by mashkina
[Season 09 Spoiler](#s "The Doctor Played Himself")
Peter Capaldi to be leaving Doctor Who in 2017
Recently I've been learning some basic JavaScript programming on KhanAcademy. My most recent assignment was to create an ad for an object, so obviously I had to do the doctor's new Sonic Screwdriver. Here is the end result.
Netflix dropping Doctor Who in Feb (S1-S8)
Free Doctor Who Audio Drama
Leela Fights Alongside the War Doctor in Casualties of War!
Traditional British police box | wallpaper by Arthur Balitskiy
You're British Right?
Circular Gallifreyan Transliterator!
This finally arrived today, the detail is amazing.
Please come to Doctor Who Fanon Wikia
Dr Who being removed from US Netflix Feb 1st.
Just a funny thought I had
[No Spoilers] What do you want to see happen with any future companion?
Peter Capaldi and Steven Moffat should have a Proclaimers-style sendoff.
Willy Wonka is a Time Lord?
The Classic Doctor Who DVD Compendium
Can someone make this into an iPhone 6 wallpaper please?
I drew this for a friend of mine, who happens to be a much bigger fan than me
Eternity (By Daniel Bevis)
Designed a character inspired by Dalek from Dr.Who.
Anglicon 2016 Seattle - 5-7 August - Guests: Davros, Strax, and Kryten!
Bally Doctor Who pinball for The Pinball Arcade on PC, PS4, PS3, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Wii U, iOS and Android.
Doctor Who - Series 9 Opening Sequence [HD] Re-uploaded
Steven Moffat reveals hunt for new Doctor Who showrunner
Is it the Meta crisis Doctor who appears in The Day Of The Doctor?
Tardis Nightstand I built
BBC Celebrating the return of the X-Files
Steven Moffat Leaving Doctor Who in 2017
I love how creative the fan base can get (NSFW) (X-Post r/WTF)
Nightmare in Silver chess set
Why do people not like the ninth doctor?
Q about Pete's world
Capaldi should stay for Chibnall's first series (at least!)
Murray Gold. What more can I say? Just Murray Gold.
'Heaven Sent' director Rachel Talalay argues for awards recognition for Doctor Who
Billie Piper On Peter Capaldi As New Doctor Who
Playing Doctor Who theme on Tesla coils
Peter Capaldi to 'leave Doctor Who after 2017 series'
The Enemy Within Opening Crawl (in 4K!)
"The Last Gallifrey Son", a cool musical tribute by Neko Light Orchestra
Doctor and TARDIS
Don't Blink- an original Doctor Who song made by fans of the show for fans of the show! Written by Josh Dexter, performed by my wife, Kelly and music by Tom Mannion. Allons-y!
I Think The Daleks Started On A World To The North Of Us In Another Galaxy Some Time Ago They Were Germans Fighting Anglo-Italia
I just realized I live in the building from "The Impossible Astronaut"/"Day of the Moon"
The Impossible Astronaut (possible spoilers)
Somebody should make an AMV from this song!
For who has seen "An Adventure in Time and Space", what are your thoughts on it?
11th Doctor Sonic Screwdriver CT
A picture of five Doctors together. Are there any that beat that?
The cat has the blue box
Doctor Who: The Possible End of River's Diary
Robert Banks Stewart, author of classic Doctor Who stories Terror of the Zygons and The Seeds of Doom, has died today.
Well that's one way to ruin my day. Netflix February 2016: ‘Doctor Who’ leaving
Hitler Reacts to the new Doctor Who Showrunner...Chris Chibnall.
I need a brown pen
Mechonoid Attack System - 60s style stop motion featuring Daleks and Mechonoids!
Glоbal search service partner for one night. Complete anonymity , no payments! subcribe Required.
The Doctor Who theme in a major key - 0:49 for best part
‘Doctor Who’ Spin-Off to be made by BBC America in 2016
What's Wrong With The Husbands of River Song (Short Video)
Got a Master's Fob Watch on ebay just listed as a normal watch
Do the Daleks represent Zionists while the Cybermen represent Islamists?
Who has been the best companion(s) in the new set of series? Why?
Redo: Favourite Steven Moffat Episode
Help me understand Clara
The format of Face the Raven/Heaven Sent/Hell Bent is the same to Series 3's Utopia/Sound of Drums/Last of the TimeLords.
Nice prints by Maria Raquel F. Corrêa and Aline Fernandes
My library has a tardis!
Doctor Who showrunner Steven Moffat quits to be replaced by Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall
9th Doctor Jacket
BBC America to show social media on 'Doctor Who' reruns
Doctor Who - Runnin' No More
Sherlock, the Doctor and the Simpsons pay their tributes to the Ziggy and Snape.
So I was allowed in the back room of a charity shop today....
When you make a fantastic reference but nobody gets it
David Bowie and Doctor Who
Peter Capaldi's response video to Birthday Project.
[Spoilers] There is a deleted scene from journeys end where The Doctor gives Meta Crisis a piece of the Tardis and donna say how to grow it
Cutting Edge: Episode 25 - Doctor Who (Special Edition) Controversial Edits
Doctor Who, Torchwood And A Ton Of Other Shows Are Getting Dropped By Netflix
The impossibility of watching and collecting Classic Who
What a great Doctor Who game should be
Weeping Angels questions
About the soundtracks of Season 9
Which episode have you changed your opinion about the most after re-watching?
My friend commission the most me art ever... by Audra
Why Doctor Who fans have to watch DC's Legends Of Tomorrow.
Talk about closure...
Doctor Who Fabric! Request and they'll make it.
Hubby's Christmas Present - Tardis Quilt (x-post from r/quilting)
Rumour: Capaldi Leaving After Series 10
Thought I saw the TARDIS in Manhattan today.
Cute things to say to your Girlfriend (Docter Who) related for Valentines Day
IMO rejects Government proposals on rural GPs
The TARDIS Cafe, Istanbul.
Doctor Who air brush
My collection is growing!!!!!
dups compare imgops Went into the spare bedroom at my aunts for the first time in as long as I can remember. Found this.
Doctor Who Valentine's Card by Helena Creager
I found this awesome t-shirt. Check it out
Moffat Clarafies some of Heaven Sent: One of the early versions of the Doctor made the painting and more
i (digitally) painted a TARDIS. And here it is. (I suck at titles.)
Doctor Who will NOT be available on BBC stand-alone streaming site either
What is your favorite Doctor Who scene!?
Usage of 'shut up' in series 8 &amp; 9. [Chart]
Female Or Black Doctor?
Why is the eleventh doctor so horrible!?
[Mod] Short Reminder/Clarification on Self-Promotion Rule
Online Appointment System
Patrick Troughton considered portraying the 2nd Doctor as a tough sea captain in blackface
The Time War - A Film by Ken Burns (A redo of old fan art I made)
Hey boys I'm Polly and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Quite the epic cover of the Doctor Who theme!
Doctor Who: The Reset is Likely to be Coming
Doctor Who: Catherine Tate Discusses the Possibility of Returning to the Show
[Arts][1920x1080] I made a TARDIS as practice for 3D modelling
A cool little Doctor Who reference I found in Ridiculous Fishing
I made a Dalek blueprint using a digital negative and cyanotyp even chemistry.
Chris Chibnall is the New Doctor Who Showrunner
One of my favorite stills from Hell Bent...
Voyage of the Damned Credits to Pounds/Robot Repairmen
Model UN meets Doctor Who
Pitch your ideal series ten along with writers?
Paul mcgann should've had Chris Eccleston's series.
IMO Fan Girls Ruined Doctor Who (And BBC Execs)
These are my personal rankings of all of the modern Doctor Who Episodes. (Two Parters went together). *I haven't seen the latest 4 episodes yet.
