What drug combinations have you tried and would recommend to others?
Question about antacids and alkalinity and aderrall
Wife trying pure MDMA for first time. What's a good starting dose? Redose?
Should I space out doses? (DPH)
Caught with 31 grams of weed US/CA boarder
Live Trip Report: 2C-E &amp; 5-MeO-MiPT
Slightly worried: I took 11 Tylenol 3's at one time
Which drug produces these visuals?
Adderall: the subtle speed
What music to listen to on 2cb?
My terrible expirience taking way too many research chemicals
Heavy ketamine user here... Am I alone?
2C-B and Unpleasant Body Load
Quick question about benzo/opiate combinations.
My friend is getting sober and I need advice.
Question: Do you know people who "came back" after a bad trip?
Can I use my girlfriend's clean urine for my pre employment drug screen, theoretically?
2C-B in the snow during the day?
What drugs actually make you feel like you left the high with a positive experience that you will carry with you for the rest of your life.
Edible during the tail end of mdma?
Anyone who finds themselves sensitive to various drugs, ever been close to getting withdrawals after ONE day of some Poppy seed tea?
The man with the eyes; One crazy trip!
Viagra from Mexico
Tonight is gonna be a ride
25i panick attacks?
Help me prepare for my first psychedelic?
I love MDMA but side effects and helpful info?
3-MeO-PCP isn't giving me antidepressant effects like it used to
EZtest ketamine - no color change
Heroin sleep paralysis/hallucinations
Molly curing long term post concussion syndrome/other concussion related issues, My personal experience.
Body sweat on dissociatives/arylcyclohexylamines
All drugs take more than they give!
Should I keep giving coke another chance?
Vaporising benzos. Possible in a PG solution ?
What drug makes you a temporary psychopath?
Nutmeg experience.
My Xanax Experience, &amp; Blacking out (Horrible)
First time trying Dokha.
To those who have read PIHKAL
Best birthday ever
K2, I went to hell
1 day out of Detox
Is 2cb a good drug to do with a SO?
Workers comp and drug testing. anyone with experience on the process?
Does extended use of Cannabis effect an Acid trip?
Street price of drugs you can get ahold of?
I realized drugs aren't ruining my life
Haven't ate in 2 days
DXM and MDMA similarities?
MDMA, which dose?
Celebrating buying a car with drugs from 3 Points of View + Benzo blackout
Unable to have exploratory experiences because I lack depth
Worst drug traffickers ever lol
The Most Effective Treatment of Elbow Arthritis by Howard Marans MD
20 Safety Suggestions for Participating in Ceremonies That Use Psychoactive Substances - Reality Sandwich
Anyone had/heard of this Marijuana induced Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome?
Drug boss ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán recaptured in Mexico, president announces
Hillary Clinton: We Can't Legalize Drugs Because 'There Is Just Too Much Money in It'
OK to post comics here?
What is this drug?
Addiction is a bitch
Slow 4-HO-MiPT come up
Every time I do mdma and cocaine my relationship and life spin out of control
Trying out the cold water method of extraction of DXM from what I've seen here!
Anything better than Lexapro for SAD and GAD
Drug and Alcohol Rehabilitation Centers
Music festivals ???
Can I still make lean without Codeine?
I'm giving away two drug themed t-shirts. A cute shrooms t-shirt, womens size small and a "high in the rockies" shirt, unisex size small. First two people that want them can have them. US only
[Cannabis] People with very high tolerances, how much do you have to smoke just to become reasonably high?
Tripping balls?
Anyone experience with Acid?
We did coke last night and it's not working out well
Needing to pass a urine test?
So I just got my wisdom teeth taken out and they gave me Codeine and Tylenol #3
3-Meo-pcp+Kratom?
Anyone seen them before?
Seizure from air duster
I'm giving away a cute shroom shirt, womens size small, and a "high in the rockies" shirt, unisex small. First two people to comment gets them. US only.
Will Synthetic Cannabinoids Become Legal if Marijuana is Legalized?
I just shot 10 mg of ketamine into my butt.
Narcan for Cannabis?
Took some X. I got high as shit, my friends didn't. What?
Cocaine questions
Rilatin - aderall
Question about my Outdoor Cannabis Plant
How are all of you doing?
1P-LSD tabs turning blue??
Does splitting pills into smaller pieces make them work faster?
"Space Trips" legal LSD-like pill. Thoughts?
Dropped acid and saw Star Wars in IMAX 3D last night...
Can someone give me a list of substances and the negative/positive effects
Just ate out my boyhood crush thaks to the molly gods.
so i want to do acid, but im not quite sure...
Describe to me a k-hole, what do you see, how do you feel, what happens, anything interesting to note ?
So I just took 150 ug ETH-LAD for the first time.
Is this dosage calculator accurate?
Will alcohol intake inhibit the conversion from ethylmorphine and codeine into morphine?
Drugs corrupted FREE ZONE!!!
I just did nos from a whipped cream and didn't feel anything
[X-post from r/trees] Using reclaim to make edibles?
I Insufflated about 80 percocets within 2 weeks.
I am currently peaking after taking 10 hits of 100ug 1-p-lsd
Help me with this drug combo?
What drug did you avoid today?
How to enjoy my drugs
Going back and forth on robotripping right now.
So I got busted for having Molly and Weed on me in NJ and I was wondering what drugs I could do while on probation
Does anyone have experience with bettering one's overall mental state via shrooms?
MDMA - a potential cure for panic disorder?
Is 15mg valium too much?
will I become addicted to tobacco if I do this?
Looking for ALD-52 vs AL-LAD vs 1P-LSD vs ETH-LAD vs LSD comparison
My experience with cocaine. (I'm 16)
Are any of these undoubtedly signs of heroin use?
Adderall has changed my life for the better. While also taking a seat as my new favorite drug.
Should i avoid drugs due to family history?
DXM, amphetamine, weed
What just happened
Anyone here from Ann Arbor Michigan?
Xan Withdraws?
Trying ETH-LAD for the first time
Phenibut and Anesthetic Interactions
Lucy Thought Experiment
Wild New Years Eve Trip Report!
A psychadelic pro accounts first meth binge and comedown
Anybody have experience with vaping and smoking bud while on an EC stack?
looking for something new?
Frequent Users
Xanax and weed for a show
I just tried cocaine for the first time, it was pretty cool
Mushrooms socially.
NBOMe and opioid combo, experiences?
Poppy seed tea is lame!
The Casting of the Vanities
I just mixed 2 mg of xanax with 2-2.5 shots of 35% liquor, am I going to die?
Am I at a risk for serotonin syndrome with only 5mg of celexa in my system for a first/second plat dose?
Cannabis and Deep Meditation
What's your favorite drug to play video games on?
Poppy Seed Oil Experience/Review (Morphine/Codeine)
No problem is to big to fix
Mirtazapine, what to expect?
Morning Glory seeds a lot better than I expected...
Absolutely BRUTAL mdma comedown
Why did I blackout?
What kind of education would you need to be able to make your own drugs/ what kind of drug related jobs are there?
Anyone ever had a Purple Tesla?
which is a worst trip bad shrooms or LSD?
Drug effects happening after multiple uses?
Xanax and opiates = a terrible coping method
My mushroom story.
I have Promethazine 6.25 mg/5 ML Syrup. What can I do with this?
Best Adderall/Vyvanse substitute?
Always Read Labels... Obligatory "Be Careful With Alcohol + Benzos"
Need assistance using the Glass Vapor Genie to vaporize DMT
Drugs, Wanderlust and Our Innate Desire To Explore
소액결제현금화*010-7542-7741*카톡tong7979.tong7941,sk.kt미납폰소액가능.다날,모빌정책소액가능,휴대폰,핸드폰,소액현금화,상품권24시간문의
How the Drug Trade in British Clubs Has Changed for the Millennial Generation
Ranking psychedelic drugs based on information on Erowid.org
Media Coverage of "Ecstasy Overdoses" is Dishonest and Dangerous
Psychedelics : Intention Setting and Integration
Transporting lsd
Threw up in a guy's sink
I snorted 1.5g of coke last night,just under an hour. Just had a stomach ache. Any dangers in doing this? My heart wasn't beating to fast and went to sleep 2 hours later
So I got my wisdom teeth pulled...
Need some advice about what to expect...
Adderall induced psychosis
I'm at the beginning stages of becoming an opiate addict. What shoud I do?
Just took my first phenethylamine! First experience with 2C-E
Medical Marijuana card expired 1/16. Need some tips on how to find a "dude" =)
Charged with DUI had molly on me
7 Ways To Stretch Your Marijuana Dollar
Is it normal to feel numb where 5-mapb makes contact with parts of the mouth (a la cocaine)?
How to find drug dealers that sale more than weed, like LSD and Shrooms
Is it possible to synthesize a recreational prescription drug from a mixture of non-recreational prescription drugs you have lying around the house?
[Report] A day of tramadol
First "Acid" Experience questions. LSD
Digestive problems after taking DXM
Snuff Bullet help
Why does a Fent/oxy combo wire me like I've been doing blow?
Which of these should I take?
Where to get dmx in the uk?
DXM Polistirex, how long to kick in?
Recommended drugs for introverts?
Denmark drugs prices
I can't take off my shirt
why do people always look at me like I'm crazy when I mention the health benefits of weed (mainly cbd) and the emotional healing properties of psychedelics at work?
Gonna try Ket for the first time
Best drug related documentaries to watch for knowledge+entertainment?
Question about oxy dosage.
Psychonauts, what's your favorite combination of drugs?
New year's New me
Confirmation re: GC/MS
How addictive is tramadol? Safer use tips
Soda on shrooms feels weird in your mouth.
Buying drugs in cabo?
So i was wondering, why do you take drugs?
Trying DMT. What should I expect?
Friends trying LSD for the first time. One of his friends recommended 5 hits for the first time. Please help..
People who dont do drugs
How do I make pill edibles?
Science Experiment with my Body AMA
carvedilol 6.25 mg
What are some other drug related sites that you use?
Interactions between methylphenidate and ketamine?
Pregabalin vs Gabapentin? Favourite one and pros/cons of both?
What is the cheapest way to get prescribed ADD/ADHD medicine?
Poppy seed tea
I needed to get this outta my head (Acid Trip)
Hydrocodone Advice
Can a drug be inherently deadly?
Need help with deciding on a dosage amount with a new substance.
4-AcO-DMT and St Johns Wort?
Hospitalized from... LSD?
This has been bothering me for a while now...
My little sister had a weird trippy hallucination off bud?
COCAINE HORROR STORY (With Reminders/Lessons)
Is it normal to feel like shit 1-4 days after a Crack binge?
lack productivity
Best way to break through on DMT with a MFLB?
Weed colloquial terms
Concerta and tight throat
Adderall XR re-dosing has fucked me over. How can I get back to baseline tolerance?
Why do people personify drugs?
Shrooms trip ended badly, strained relationship with my parents, could use some advice.
insufflating 2cb-hbr in water? avoiding the burn
Do I have to wait longer for the Vyvanse to kick in?
phenibut + ativan
Blackout (Seizure?) Shrooms Experience
Ribs hurt after mushroom trip
Those glass eye droppers are perfect for insufflation
The DMT Office- Trip Report
25i-NBOMe and vasoconstriction.
How long after taking MDMA can one safely take cocaine?
Chaser for snorting
Snuff bullet harm reduction advice?
Being on LSD + Phenibut while others are on MDMA?
After having done meth
Weed high giving feelings of grief?
retarded splerglord question of the day
What drugs can be mixed, taken together or dosed well without harm or threat? What works well together?
Help me decide what I take next month
Just passed out
At what age have you tried different drugs?
Mushroom visuals
Regarding Codeine
The Laughing Gas Experience.
How do I sleep like my dog?
taking high dose of magic mushrooms for psychological purposes?
My suicidal friend is trying shrooms for the first time tonight and I'm concerned for her
Teenager collapses and dies after 'taking laughing gas' at London party
fuck me up fam
Waiting for Pills
Buy alprazolam online
How doing LSD in India melted my brain, for the better.
Psychedelics as Therapy
If psychedelics enhance your current mood / state of mind, are all *new* insights just confirmation bias of something you already believed?
91% of patients that overdosed on opioids are prescribed more opioids.
Some ads don't lie. Medical Journal of Australia, 1996
This earl sweatshirt music video seems like a dph drip?
High or low temp dabs?
First Experience with Ritalin
Do shrooms go bad?
Timeline of drug use and advice?
MDMA w/ boyfriend: update/report
Need help identifying these found in a car imported from Japan.
Should I be wary of smoking and drinking coffee while on stims?
Looking for a relatively drug to mix up the week? Phenibut?
10 Real Products From History that Contained Addictive Drugs
What to do to feel less "stupid" on MDMA?
What to do with Codeine syrup?
Baltimore psychologist pioneers team using psychedelics as ‘sacred’ medicine
Is it safe to take LSD before surgery?
How come people buy shrooms off the internet in the UK? (and don't get caught)
enjoy &lt;3 tekno old school
Making some 4-AcO-DMT chocolates and concerned about potential for degradation. Feedback appreciated!
I have MXE that is cut with caffeine. Questions regarding ROA and bioavailability.
LSD made my penis smaller!?
Smallpox blankets and Meth
Percocet questions
Is there any way to get U-4770 or black without resorting to the DNM?
Reducing Cardiotoxicity
Is it a bad idea to take dabs under these circumstances?
[Question] should I do meth?
Tips for first time with mushrooms?
Do 4mg Xanax bars exist?
Give me some good drug dealer stories!
Okay so I'm buying lsd, mdma and dmt. What should i do with it?
Sunny daze in the H
Few questions about Salvia
I have been on large amounts of dxm, and alcohol, and haven't sleepy I just snorted 3 ambien to chase the lion. Let's have our serve a shiow. I am ready and waiting
I am not a drug addict
Sex on MDMA is the shit, but I've gone a little bit overboard with the drug in the past few months, so I'm looking for an alternative. What's the best drug for sex that isn't MDMA?
Have you ever tripped and had such great visuals that you took out your phone to take a picture to save the moment and then get bummed when you realized it won't look the same tomorrow?
Oxy op question
Would taking Adderall once a week affect my tolerance and/or my brain when I am sober?
How long to wait until taking more 25d?
Getting visuals from Hex-en
Am I Taking LSD?
Can SWIM drop LSD on Blotter?!?
I know it's always asked but...
Little to no effect from seemingly high quality MDMA. What happened?
(This cannot be easily googled) 2CB and a few beers for a night out?
Doing acid and I need good trippy videos to watch!
So... has anyone tried DOiP yet? (Also known as DOiPR.)
Offered to do Cocaine this weekend. Don't want to become addicted. Advice requested.
How long for oral Naltrexone take to get out of the system? I took it Tuesday and Wednesday (wasn't prior to that) then I forgot I took it and did one bag of dope, didn't feel anything. Can I do one tonight?
Vaping liquids vs vaping dry tobacco?
Are beta-blockers more popular than I am perceiving them, in terms of recreational use?
Making concerta IR
Need some advice on RC's
Meth horror stories?
The prices of drugs?
Could my nose be damaged from snorting?
What should be next up on my to do list in 2016? help me out guys, inspiration is low.
4 Day Music Cruise, What order should I take (MDA, MDMA, LSD)
What's your least favorite thing about your favorite drug?
Alcohol + Weed = Near psychedelic? The hell?
Words of advice before trip?
Dom/Stp 5mg dose fail
Tourism, Prescription and Medical Marijuana in California?
How long until Pregabalin (Lyrica) becomes popular
Audio hallucinations when smoking pot
How to Smoke Weed: Dedicated to Josh Gordon
First time using DXM/ tripping
My First Shroom Experience (3g)
Ketamine Bladder Issues
What's it like to be sober/not on MDMA while you significant other is rolling?
My high let me learn to enjoy something I hated.
Memory loss from ritalin?
You have $400. What would you buy to flip for the most profit?
Kanna (Sceletium Tortuosom) reports, long and detailed!
Effexor/tramadol
Just did speed for the first time, feels like I'm like a whole new person
I take A LOT of pills and capsules - are the fillers harming me over time?
Can I mix diphenhydramine and dextromethorphan?
Ate 5.2 grams of shrooms felt nothing
LSD and Alcohol
What happened? DXM Polisterix
The Time I Became a Door
Are there any negative effects associated with nicotine gum use?
Does Psilocybin help treat Depression, Social Anxiety and Body Dysmorphia?
How do I talk to a drug dealer?
New years eve : LSD + MDMA + THC
Candy vs Hippy vs Nexus Flip
Forgot about the LSD tab in my trunks when i went in a jacuzzi
Friend got a visit from police a month ago. Case got closed, but I've got some questions.
Question about 2-CB
The thought of ego-death when tripping on psychedelics is very alluring... (wall of text ahead)
So I did MDMA for the first time
Advice with an addict
Shrooms and Shitting, Sorry...
How to combat vasoconstriction from Adderall
Just tried H, whats the big deal?
Why are drugs like adderall so easy to get a prescription for?
Negative Effects of Marijuana?
Videogames Are Drugs
Why drug prohibition fails and what it says about our culture
My Experience Drinking Ayahuasca With American War Veterans
Kids Company psychologist suspended for giving MDMA to client
During fentanyl crisis, Alberta's former PC government rejected $1.4M in drug treatment funding
The Drug Classroom - Why I Support Drug Legalization
Home Alone (.. on drugs) - thought y'all might enjoy.
Question about weed delivery in NYC
LSD with Autism: A Live Experience
Pretty sure I got super trooped
Took too much Ritalin / Medikinet (Methylphenidat) and feeling constantly a bit down. Is it true that it can take over a year for that feeling to go away?
CIA Jet Crashed With 4 Tons Of Cocaine On Board
Sub and Xanax then Sub and Kpin in hospital then Sub, Kpin, and Ritalin/Vyvanse. QUESTION!
Speedballinn# myFridaymofo
Just dropped 3-FPM for the first time and would like to know if magnesium and vitamin C will help eliminating it faster in the comedown
Tricks to avoiding ciggs when you're fucked up?
Molly and dissociation
How long does it take for a meal to move from your stomach to your small intestine
Mystery Psychedelic in Gel Tab
Small time drug dealer seeking advice.
Time to stock up on 1p-lsd? (UK)
Question about opiates and lean
Been awake since 7 am Friday. It's now 11:13 pm Saturday. Awake for over 40 hours (24 hrs after dosing Aderrall. Scared shitless
xanax &amp; weed combo
Phenibut vs Gabapentin
How closely related is LSA to LSD?
Clonazepam VS Xanax
4-aco-dmt canada legal status.
LSD Users Please Help
Isn't Jankem a hoax drug?
Trying LSD for first time tomorrow, any advice?
Could the average civilian of long ago get drugs?
How much benzos are needed for suicide?
Yopo and SSRIs (Zoloft)
How long to get drugs out of your system for testing?
Anyone ever send drugs through international mail? I've got some questions for you...
Difference between Phenylalanine and Phenylethylamine?
You have $200/£200 to spend on drugs, you have to use them all at once, what do you buy?
Alaskan in pheonix for a week looking for like minded people.
Using a benzo to ease stimulant comedown, worried about slurring.
Thoughts on ordering this LSD replacement?
18y.o. arrested for possession of marijuana (.6g personal use), but LE test kit results were inconclusive. Would it be in the defendant's best interest to plead not guilty in the initial court hearing in order to take it to trial?
have a nice trip y'all
Currently tripping AMA
A few Concerta questions
When I do shrooms will I be able to walk around?
[Benzos]Would you rather have...
Anyone know how to clean keef from keef catcher screen without losing the keef?
Tramadol, codeine and hydro. What to expect
This invention will change your life.
Are there any apps (iOS or web) that allow you to track your drug usage?
Nicotine overdose has to be one of the worst feelings ever
Can cocaine rust metal?
Any suggestions?
Anxiety from multiple ADHD meds?
Finally did clean Molly, puked.
DXM is the business! [Trip report, longish]
Nitrous escaping from cracker?
Why are movies and shows so boring without psychedelics or weed?
Speed &amp; Ritalin Cross Tolerance?
Good but bad Combo
What famous artists (I guess mainly rappers) do you think have tripped LSD or psychedelics in general? Do you think most have?
I had a sudden realization: stims might be very addictive
Is 6-apb and 5-meo-dmt combination dangerous?
As an engineer, sometimes you guys make me twitch
Anything besides Magnesium to help with Bruxism?
1p-lsd to lsd-25
the story how I almost got caught with extreme measures (long post)
Amphetamine and dextroamphetamine XR 30 mg for someone with no tolerance
Fighting the War for Your Psychological Freedom: Drug Policy, Consciousness &amp; Our Future
What new drugs shall I try?
Dad is a heroin addict
Salvia Trip Report
Florinef drug interactions
Questions regarding the use of Amphetamine Salt and if it is right for me
Caffeine pills and coffee don't feel the same.
What's your favorite way of consuming drugs?
Hey I really need someone to help calm my nerves.
Micro dosing Weed
High dose 3-MeO-PCP trip report - 125 mg with no tolerance; "Fish out of water"
My INSANE Kundalini Awakening Using LSD
How to test MDMA and LSD for purity?
Nitrous Oxide Regulator
Smoking with the glass vapor genie
Quick I need an answer for my thoughts lol
trihexyphenidyl (artane)?
Need to Chill After a Breakup, Alcohol?
Rant about physical anxiety
20mg 2C-B basically did nothing
Prescription melatonin
Effects of nicotine?
looking to try phenibut or kratom to help ease social anxiety and help find motivation in general.
Percocet question - 1st time
How to change my friends MDMA habits
Isit safe to keep GBL in a glass vial w/pipette?
Etizolam and alcohol
First time at a rave - how do I bring stuff in?
How I spent my day yesterday
Oh god the irony
Bringing myself down from a cocaine high?
Rand Paul says war on drugs disproportionately affecting African-Americans (response to YouTuber GOP Debate question)
Licorice cough syrup recalled because it has morphine - CNN.com
Where can I buy hang-over free alcohol? North Korea..
Old Bill Maher stand up on drugs
El Chapo Speaks: A secret visit with the most wanted man in the world ...interviewed by Sean Penn
Ready to roll tonight ^.~
The Lap Dance Memory
Jackie Chans son is a pot head
How to be less happier on weed?
Cold extraction method, snort, or swallow for 50mg of oxycodone?
Tommy Chong: All drug laws are against the Constitution and against people of color. Vote Bernie and gain a voice.
Took 500ug ALD-52+3-MeO-PCP. Bent space-time &amp; astroplaned. Looked in a mirror &amp; saw the BACK of head (i.e. Sat with phone up but was looking backwards. That was what I saw in mirror. I have 1 mirror. [Credit R. Chemicon]
Staying Clean Rant/Vent/Whatever
Erowid Sarah Palin: A Markov bot remixing Sarah Palin speeches and Erowid trip reports. Pretty damn funny.
Getting greedy.. need advice
Getting searched at school.. How does it work? (the tl;dr sums it up pretty well but the meat of the post is just random details)
Quick Math: Possible Drug Combinations
What happened? (DXM Polisterix)
Vicodin and THC
Dxm has gotten rid of my massive fear of death.
Update: how to convince someone not to "dose" people at a party
We need to talk more about this stim RC: 3-FPM
6-APB I became a transponder on the comedown, best feeling ever.
First LSD experience
I don't know if I fucked up. Need answers.
California Drug Enforcer Caught with Marijuana in Pennsylvania
NEVER FAIL A URIN TEST AGAIN!
3-MeO-PCP and DMT combination?
Codeine question
Stole Pills from Boyfriends mom. Need help apologizing.
Drank lean yesterday, is Xanax safe today?
If you were high on heroin and someone stabbed you, painful/less would it be compared to if you were sober?
Question about Prozac and LSD
Valium + Weed = My head in the clouds
Wolf of Wall Street Drugs
Ketamine and drug tests?
whoa. lost the plot. [salvia][++++]
What would it feel to OD on percs
New Adderall prescription, need input
How to dry volatile ketamine without oven or hotplate?
I'm not sure of the right way to go about this, but what is the best /cheap/safe equivalent of Adderall/Vyvanse?
Currently Rollin
Methadone questions
IMPORTANT Questions about pills
Legal drugs for human consumption?
Drugs that help you focus?
Sudden weed asthma
Has anyone tried DiTP? I'm curious about the auditory distortions.
We still have last stock of 5-MeO-DIPT Cas: 4021-34-5
How come people buy shrooms off the internet in the UK? (and don't get caught)
[Trip report] I wasn't ready for my experience with mushrooms (Star Wars spoilers)
2 Bottles of Delsym
[Movie: Maleficent] Thistlewit, looks like Cannabis
What's the rule of thumb to not get hooked on benzos?
LSD + MDMA + Ket + 2C-B?
