beginner drummer looking for a solid foundation to start and build from
Metalheads, what drum gear do you consider essential for your sound? What should I invest in next?
snare that costs more than the kit
Does anyone have a link to any resources about building a kit from shells, or refinishing a run down kit?
new to the drums, lifelong finger tapper, where do i start?
Moving to an apartment so I have to switch to an electric set.
Ear protection while drumming
Thoughts about the moderation of this sub?
I'm looking for a cheap bass drum pedal, what should I know?
help with Alesis DM6
Tight Funk track on the Roland TD-30 Triggering Addictive Drums. Comments welcome!
Groove del amor 1 (Linear Groove KLRL RLRL)
I put together a drum kit from pieces. Here's my progress.
Some guy in the Atlanta area is selling some rare/unusual North drums (the drums that look like macaroni)
Playing WZRD Chicago tonight. Tune in.
Yamaha to launch new Recording Custom Drum Series, designed in partnership with Steve Gadd.
Sorry - Justin Bieber - Luke Bakker - Drum Cover
Can someone help me identify this cymbal? It's a zildjian this crash of sorts
What rudiment is this ?
Where THERE'S something you don't see every day...
Budding jazz pianist/bassist here. Can anyone direct me to some drum loops I can practice with?
My cover of Supertramp's "The Logical Song"! Bit of a one take cover, enjoy!
What is the model of this Yamaha double bass pedal and what is it worth?
I wrote a snare lick!
Is it common for two identical (non hand hammered) cymbals to have different pitches?
I'm using an electronic kit and I can hear the toms when I hit the cymbals. Need help.
Sensitone steel vs chad smith signature LTD
Famous Rock Feuds: Jack Bruce On Ginger Baker (And Ginger, Literally, On Jack)
3D Printed Bass Drum Beaters inspired by Low Boy, Denver CO
Evans EC head looks like it also made of steel..
After playing guitar for 10 years I thought I would try something new... and drumming is so goddamn fun.
Danny Carey Signature Ride [xpost /r/toolband]
Check out this custom painted kick drum reso I received today!
making a record on this rig as we speak!
Catching cymbals over some groups of 5 - short clip from a solo at a concert last night!
New Cymbal Day! - Sabian HH 16" Thin Crash
Give The Drummer Some
Anyone know who I should contact at Sabian to get a spare peice for my puzzle?
New cymbals day!
New cymbal day is a great day. Thanks to Zildjian for always making the good stuff. Can't wait to dig into this beautiful 16" K EFX crash. Or Hi hat top if you are using it like I'm going to. Thanks to Eric Harland for the inspiration!
Fun 5 Beat Linear Drum Fill - Drum Lesson
Earnie "The Drum Tech Guy!" - DRUM GEAR RUNDOWN
First sitе whеre mаturе wоman loоking fаmiliarity hеr sеnd mеssage first NЕITHER PАYMENTS and anоther things!
Finally got my kit setup with my new hats and hardware from Christmas.
Are there any good online resources for advanced rhythm study?
tips for teaching a young beginner
Cool break from a concert a couple of weeks ago
Sold pretty much all my sabians for some Meinls. This is my makeshift setup as I wait for them to come in
The video I show to people when they ask me what I mean by "playing drums in a musical manner".
Need advice with some neighbor issues, no need to upvote
Is anyone else too tall for their floor toms?
Anything exciting from NAMM 2016?
How Vater Percussion hooked my up with a local music store.
Tune Me Thursday
Getting started with off-time metronome exercises?
Buying gigging cases
Best surface for drum set to sit on?
advice: the latest with electric kits
Joyful Noise at NAMM
Jonathan Thomas - All Of You [Instrumental] -- My buddy from St Pete, Florida killing it!
The Ghost Inside drummer loses leg following bus accident
Ready for church
John Bradbury from The Specials. 1953 - 2015
Finishing my first stave kit. Mmm bubinga...
I faced the challenge of playing a solo in 29/16 on my band's latest track. Here's my favorite bit of that solo where I "hint" a four-on-the-floor groove for a second
Amazing drum solo by blind guy
Let me present my better half, The Beast 777
In the studio tonight! I'll be posting a drum cover soon, so stay tuned!
Wake 'N Break No. 359 - Opening Hi-Hats With Sixteenth Notes On The Bass Drum
I fell in love with Dave King's hilarious Rational Funk videos, and even though he is joking about playing one-handed 5 stroke rolls in his second video (link in comments), I found it to be a pretty cool trick, so I've started practicing! Here's my progress so far..
THANKS TO R/DRUMS SUBREDDIT READERS!! Y'ALLS SUPPORT OF MY VIDEOS HAD A DIRECT IMPACT ON me being selected to co-host D'addario's Core Drum Tuning Series. Here is the SNARE HEAD REPLACEMENT VIDEO. MEGA THANKS TO THE REDDIT COMMUNITY FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!
If you were to put together the most standard drum set in the world, what would it be?
Wanting tips on making Foley samples being played via Drums (spd-sx) sound more natural
Mike Johnstons Vater Speed Chart
Budget Snares?
[Opinion] What is the "Holy Grail" cymbal in your opinion?
Is there a workaround for downloading the MOGG files that don't have all the pieces?
College student looking for a kit somewhere between $400-$600?
Hi everyone, noob question about recording with video.
a decent crash for the next 10-15 years
Two odd meter drumless backing tracks.
Natal Drums NAMM 2016
My attempt at playing "Anthropology" by the great jazz saxophonist Charlie Parker
Dream Kit Finally Acquired
Michael miley playing new paiste big beats. They sound great and I love his playing
New Cymbal Day got realllly thin... (Zildjian 16" Paper Thin, older logo)
Snare Drum Sound Check - Pearl Symphonic Custom (Masters Series)
Posting my first drum cover/remix here. I shot this in 4K!
I made a cheesy setup video. Of my setup. Enjoy.
Anyone else love minimalist setups?
Need some new chops? Here's today's 15 second lesson on a groovy herta fill!
Anyone have experience/opinions on Premier Signia maple drums?
I fell completely in love with Dave King's Rational Funk videos, and even though he is joking about playing one-handed 5 stroke rolls in his second video (link in comments), I found it to be a pretty cool trick, so I've started practicing!
Recorded some drum covers, here's my set-up!
Drum Set Buying Advice
Drummers on Instagram
What's a good cymbal bag for a reasonable price?
Stacking drums whilst in hardcases
Fellow drummers, what would you guys do if you had full time to practice ?
Spicing up your kit?
Getting avant garde with the 16" emad.
Filmed some reggaeton-inspired groovin over the weekend.
CharlestonTV - il canale Youtube sulla batteria
New cymbal day!
My Secret Santa got me a new stick bag, and new sticks!!!
New Paint Job On An Old Drum
My old teacher plays in a really cool modern jazz trio. They just released this video from their new album. Around 3:30 he starts grooving with two knives! Really awesome stuff.
My function band's promo medley video - The Lash Monkeys!
Does anyone know where I can purchase the hi rez version of this crappy drummer's solo?
I'm Rodney Cruden-Powell, I'm 17 and from New Zealand and this is my 5th practice video over the last year. Enjoy, and criticism is more than welcome.
Wake 'N Break No. 361 - Two Bar Backbeat Using Tom And Bells
Happy (DRUM COVER) - Pharrell Williams - StiGy
How drum skins are made.
A Swiss army triplet - Windmill exercise (Flams 4 life :)
Ringo's kit played by great drummers
The excercises from Pat Petrillos lesson at drumeo, some really cool things in there!
John Mayer Trio is back!
I write little reminders on my heads
Just subbed over at the circus
I got to spend the last day of 2015 doing my favourite thing. I had blast recording some drums. I used my DW 14x7 Collectors maple snare Pearl Masters studio birch kick and some vintage Slingerland chrome toms. We got some huge sounds. Happy New Years everyone!
Went to a local music shop today and got this cymbal for $15, and when I got home I started to get creative... And then it got funky
Found a good deal and decided to give Stagg a try. Not disappointed
Is there a name for this kind of fast successive ghost notes the drummer uses in this song(at 4:25) ?
My fusion band playing a funky tune called 'Gloomy Breeze' :)
Help on purchasing a used kit
Choosing a ride
4pc Gretsch Catalina Club Rock Mahogany for $729.99CND - Is it worth it?
Discussion: How to develop endurance
Any tips on improvisation?
Cheaper alternative for Ludwig supraphonic?
Electric drum kit trigger problems
What were you able to do after owning a drum set for about 1.5 years?
With NAMM coming up later this month, (January 21-24) What are your predictions, expectations, rumors?
The New Ludwig Club Date.
Chris Coleman playing "All of You" for Meinl's Youtube channel
Great googly moogly... Josh Block of White Denim tears it up on Anvil Everything
Having trouble counting this rudiment, and I'm not having any luck finding tutorial
Gave my vintage Zildjians a scrub.
List of over 60 free backing tracks for drummers – sorted by genre and tempo
Look who was waiting on my porch when I got home today.
Another fill using diddles and linear phrasing (transcription on video)
Got bored .. New setup
The latest driver's seat pic of my jam rig.
New snare day, sounds amazing!
Wake 'N Break No. 354 - Double Stroked Boom Bap Beat
Wage War - The River. Drum Cover (Metalcore)
A short snippet from a jam session I had earlier
Drum cover. Rock band (BN - You're sitting alone).Рок группа "БН"- Ты си...
Merry (albeit, very belated) Christmas from me and my first real kit!
Which Ride is Better?
Wake 'N Break No. 341 - Simultaneous Clave Groove
Need help from the comnunity. Broken top hat.
The Entire 'AM' Arctic Monkeys Album transcribed and uploaded for free ;)
Getting into drum covers
Gretsch Catalina for $500 at Sweetwater, best way to spend my money?
What is something you've "MacGuyvered" into your kit?
Theft at concerts?
Sad day in my life
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my dao
Adam Deitch drum solo. Savage!
Drum &amp; Bass
"Helicopter" - Bloc Party (Drum Cover)
I recorded drums to the movie soundtrack "13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi" and would love to know your thoughts!
Kenny Aronoff | The Greats
Gavin Harrison Performance at Zildjian Day 2015
New Drums Day!
Floor Tom Table
Heel Toe Swivel Drumming Technique
Luke Holland ft. Sam Applebaum - Veil of Maya - Lucy Dual Drum Cover
New Snare Day! Tama Abe Cunningham Signature Snare! Can't wait to make my ears bleed
[drums] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:ssaoatia
Can you hear a difference in shell resonance between a wrapped kit vs a lacquer kit?
Guitarist Taking a Turn At Drumming, Advice?
Are there any bands you listen to solely for the drumming?
Double pedal for lefties?
First electronic drums - beginner, Alesis DM6?
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my ala
My best friend just gave me my Christmas gift! Meinl Byzance 10" Dark Splash.
Got to record for an album yesterday on the new kit
A lil' clip I did a while ago on Instagram.
Richard Spaven performs the title track from his new album, and it's great!
HOW TO TUNE A TOM PT4 Pro Drum Tech Kenny Sharretts discusses methods for tuning a 12" tom using the interval of a minor third between the batter head (Tonic), &amp; the resonant head (a minor 3rd higher).
Setup from my gig last night
The tech that's put into this pedal is incredible. The Trick Limited Edition Black Widow at NAMM.
Dream Theater - Six O'clock (Isolated Drums) 1994
You might be in a drummer household when...
If i had a dollar for everytime i had been asked this...
Oh god no that's a floor tom leg
How much should I ask for my son's old cymbals on Craigslist?
Best electric drum kits for ~£300 (don't know if this is the right place)
I made a music video featuring the movie soundtrack 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi​ with additional drums, and would love to know your thoughts!
Not sure what to do...
Need advice, extremely stubborn logos on new cymbal
left foot for double bass practice suggestions?
I need to oil my hardware. Any recommendations/warnings?
ear protection advice
Great Craigslist find
Help with headphones for an eletronic kit!
How can I get this snare sound?
Уроки игры на барабанах(УЧЕНИКИ №6) Nirvana – Smells Like Teen Spirit (2...
New heads are a nice way to start off a shed session..
I've created some free drumless practice loops for you to download. I've got another 50 or so on the way!
My current set up!
Discussion: What sticks do you use (and why)?
New Drums Day! - Late 60s Ludwig Standard
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [drums]
Danny Walker "The Prime Grid" Exercise.
Igor Stavinsky - The Rite of Spring - Drums Interpretation
NAMM 2016 Pedal Talk
Recording with room mics?
Is it Bad to Be Quantized?
Metal Drummers, what techniques do you perform to preserve your cymbals for longer periods of time?
E-drums, sampling pad or both?
Leg stretches for double bass?
Different types of materials for drums
[Opinion] What are your thoughts on longer drum solos?
[DISCUSSION] Mark Guiliana's performance on David Bowie's Blackstar - debuted today, 1/8/2016
Fresh Evans heads on my Tama.
Just got Istanbul agop 22" xist brilliant ride
Ghost Hand Stick Twirl
My first drum cover, would love feedback please :)
New crash day. The process of completely switching to Byzance is near completion.
Wake 'N Break No. 356 - Alternating Sixteenth Note And Quintuplet Backbeat
Tracking day in Orange County
Wembley music centre stocks a huge range of drumsticks, rods, brushes, mallets and other accessories at competitive prices. you can buy online from our website or visit our store.
All moved in to the new jamspace!
would anyone be able to tell me how old these New Beats are please?
For the metal fans, my drum cover of A Shrine to Madness by The Black Dahlia Murder
HOW TO MAKE YOUR CHEAP DRUMSET SOUND AMAZING: Part 3
Is there a good bass pedal that is low impact on the ankle?
Should we have a weekly discussion thread?
What are your go to drum books/what is your drumming "reading list"?
What do y'all think of Boso drum sticks?
Storing drums in cold basement
Streaming your gig over Internet - has anyone tried it ?
Well, Drummit... What do you think? This 'angled shell' kit was on display at NAMM 2016...
My first kit - a Roland TD3
Three Piece Drum Solo
Groove idea I had last night, 80bpm
Derek Roddy giving Thomas Pridgen and Curt Bisquera tips on blast beats
Proud proud day... I bought my DW Collectors's today! (2nd pic in comments)
Drumming on the roof of an ancient house in a snow blizzard - standard
New head day! Evans G2s on toms and a genera Dry on snare
The "Matt Garstka" Paradiddle Challenge - Displacing cymbal accents over hand and foot paradiddle (pretty rad)
11-year-old is going real fast... And quite nonchalant about it, nice breaks
Wake 'N Break No. 339 - Simple But Heavy Flammed Boom Bap Beat
Wage War - The River Drum Cover (Metalcore)
Help me pick a ride! Paiste Masters Dark vs Twenty Custom Full vs Istanbul Agop Xist!
Circus Drumming
Who else here practices drumming at times and can't play worth shit?
Need some help with a Roland TD-4 Electronic Drum Kit: Sound Problems
What are the pros/cons of having different tom set ups?
Can a samplepad trigger a random sample?
It's snare rehead day, but my lugs are getting a little creaky. I've heard vaseline is good?
KNOWER - Things About You | Drum Cover
New Cymbal Day for his 10th birthday today!
Groove Breakdown | Vardavar - Tigran Hamasyan. I'm taking a shot at doing lesson style videos and this is the first one I came up with. Let me know what you think!
New XSR series from Sabian
New Cymbal Day - Big &amp; Ugly Apollo...on sale + another 10% because it had a nick in the coating...$230. Been wanting one since they came out.
It's NAMM Time - Pearl convertible flat base hardware
My Mapex Orion in Red Bull Studios
part of my tom broke off, is there any way to fix this?
Уроки игры на барабанах.Урок №2 акценты,пульсация восьмыми в ритмах.Школа Ddrums Тольятти
1939 Ensemble (Playlist. Star from video 8 for chronological order)
Lesson: A Great And Simple Exercise For Building Up Your Weak Hand
Hi-Hat recommendations!?!
I need a stand for my china
Improve off hand when not behind a set?
Build a perfect drummer.
Where can i buy a digital copy of The Art of Science and Groove?
Say you had $1000ish to go buy cymbals
Is a used 20" sabian pro sonix ride worth $52?
I want to get my casual drummer boyfriend bongos, but don't know where to start!
Alesis dm10 studio and addictive drums 1
Played at te International Blues Competition in Memphis, and managed to go to the Mephis Drum Shop! Here are some pics.
Jeff Hamilton brush solo. What incredible touch, feel and control!
Stray Cats - Rumble in Brighton Drum Cover by Petteri Horn
Just did a cover of 'Guerrilla Radio' by RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE (Drum Cover)
Specular Reflection by Between the Buried and Me - Drum Cover
What gave you the horn at the winter namm 2016?
This is a PDP snare that sat in a Gator case for three years. : (
New Stuff From Tama
'Jittery' (progish) Hard Rock Drum Playthrough on TD 30kv. Multicam!
What? Keep moving your lips. Me as a drummer.
Reuben Gingrich - Flight, this guy can throw down
Cherry and Black Chrome... Beauty (Snare)
Jamming out / rehearsing with a Brass Band, including a little solo and improv!
What are the main differences between B8, B8X and B8 Pro?
Dominic Fragman covers War Pigs - drums, guitar and singing at the same time. Impressive!
Need advice on which kit to buy!
Need Help on a School Project
Need some suggestions on a crash...
What does Bonham use in Good Times Bad Times?
First electronic kit?
How to find/hear a drum's "natural pitch"?
Jimmy Chamberlin
Looking to purchase a new snare, need advice.
Some sage advice about double bass
Is it okay to reuse heads if they are still newish?
Benny Greb - Next Question (Drumeo)
How To Play A Bhangra Dhol Efficiently
I picked up the 8x6 tom i had made for my hyperdrive in matching wrap. It absolutely sings.
Mott The Hoople drummer Griffin dies aged 67
Any GoKit Love?
Kick snare flam groove! Cool vibe.
Session at home.
[Poll] Is your main pedal a single pedal or a double pedal?
Matt Greiner of August Burns Red plays Majoring in the Minors. Zildjian Break It Down Series.
A friend finally wore a gopro during training !
Mike Mangini describes his new stick design
I finally got a new camera so I decided to made this video for you all. Hope you enjoy
Which survival/tech kit? (xpost [/r/AskDrummers](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskDrummers)
Meinl Byzance 20'' Sand Ride
Just got a new set; am I being unreasonable in my expectations?
What albums and songs do you consider perfect? It can be drum related or just overall musicianship.
Which should I upgrade first: bass drum heads or tom heads?
Cymbal sleeves on a stacker
Gotta love Ian Paice from Deep Purple. Just transcribed one of his great fills. Six stroke roll + Bucket of Fish = Fire. Smoooooke on the waaaaaaaater
16" Emad and Eq3 reso arrived yesterday!
We've been in a long distance relationship for the last couple years, but we've finally been reunited &lt;3
Keith Carlock Paradiddle Diddles | STUDY THE GREATS
Young the Giant Mind Over Matter Drum Cover (Ryan Metevier) 1080p 60 fps Boyz let's gooooo!
Free Talk Friday
Stagg SH Hi-Hats
Lefthand technique question
Beginner double pedal exercises
Buying a set for the first time in ages - whats new out there?
Trak Brand Drums
Advice with an XD8USB edrum kit.
Having trouble finding a replacement part for my high hat stand.
What's up with the porn links that some idiot keeps posting on this forum?
Looking for electric drum advice
Just some thoughts
Help me identify two cymbals!
Pearl 2016 Catalogue - Includes all new lines (4 of them)
Found a pic of me as a kid.
Half-Time practice
New Cymbal! Played on it a little before taking the picture, sounds great.
Bryan Adams - Summer of '69 Drum Cover
What is a good, $200 - $300 electronic or acoustic drum set?
유흥다이소【UDAISＯ03닷콤】상동오피『신중동휴게텔』심곡휴게텔』영등포건마』광명휴게텔→Event
Love his style, love his sound – Tim "Herb" Alexander – One of my favorite/most influential drummers (Primus, Laundry)
I FIGURED IT OUT GUYS
Drum lesson for beginners that want to get on the fast track to double bass metal drumming. Playlist of 6 videos approximately 10 min each.
Possible to improve feet without being on the set?
Any regular household I can use in place of practice pad?
How do you stay consistent, concentrated and warmed up in your drumming ?
"Quiet" crash/ride for a hard hitter?
We just released our EP. We named it for my dog.
15 dollars at Lowes and a pair of scissors
Would you guys use this drum?
All new Yamaha Recording Custom finish, just released at the NAMM show. So gorgeous...I want.
Wembley music centre stocks a great variety of quality bass drum pads and other accessories from leading brands like dw, pearl, aquarian and drumport.
New Premium Alesis Electronic Drum Kits
My drum cover of feel good inc by Gorillaz, let me know what you think!
2 Sticking Patterns - 1 Epic Drum Lick
Dor HaMabul (דור המבול) - Yesh Lach *Cover* - StiGy DRUM CAM
I have almost reached total Byzance enlightenment- Vintage Extra Dry Ride 22"
Wake 'N Break No. 343 - Sixteenth Note Triplet Groove With A Pause
Is this Double Kick Pedal a decent deal for me? (details inside)
Funky rock beat #3 BOTD 1 6 16
Good resources for learning percussion? (more presicely Conga, Bongo and Djembe)
Opinions on the Gretsch Catalina club jazz kit?
Roland Td11 vs. Td11kv
Bass drum riser
PSA for sweaty-palmed drummers looking at the Keith Carlock sig series sticks
Technique Advice - Bass Drum/Kick Pedal - 4 on the Floor (constant quarter notes) at 160+ tempos
My kit before and after I got a job
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..aglo
Where to find high quality bass guitar only tracks to play with?
Maps &amp; Atlases - Everyplace Is a House Drum Cover
White Walls by Between the Buried and Me - Drum Cover
New Pearl Music City Custom drums
Focus - Hocus Pocus, anyone like this kind of music? /Atomic Rooster etc?
RIP David Bowie - heres a drum cam of my Bowie tribute playing Suffragette City
Our first music video of 2016 - Strapped a GoPro to my head. What do you guys think?
My 10 year old son Jaxon doing a cool drum cover of a Justin Bieber, Skirllex &amp; Diplo song on his Roland TD4 Electric kit with glow in the dark "Light Saber" sticks. No practice, 1 take, discuss.
Help Cleaning Cymbal
My band's EP is now on band camp, let us know what you think.
I see a lot of alright drummers posted here. I don't see enough of the greats or the young greats.
Question for my fellow Craigslist deal hunters.
Is there any desire out there for drum head comparison research?
Looking for Afro/Latin dance music to listen-learn from.
Help me get into drumming
Best snare drum with wood hoops?
black snare head
My Dream Cymbals....
Can the Roland td4 trigger pads work with a higher end module?
Want to start playing drums! Need help!
Looking for an experienced drummer interested in playing for a psychedelic blues band.
Looking to buy a small portable drum kit. &lt;$500 total. Any advice?
What hardware would I need to mount a splash like this?
I'm addicted to this site! Help me quit by becoming my mate.
Decided to change the setup a bit... Cymbals &gt; Drums
Drum Fill Lesson #17
NEW - Paiste 2oo2 Black Big Beats [Dark B8]
New cymbal and stand day! 19" Sabian AAX Xplosion Crash!
Waiting for the Virgil Donati NAMM sideshow to start
John Bonham on Wing's Beware My Love (1976) alternate take and mix
Can't help it, I'm still a drummer first
Yo! I did this cover a while back! Hope you all enjoy!
Any body have experience with these cymbals?
Advice for buying a kit
Evans Player Points?
Can anyone recommend a good click to play to?
A couple fresh drum free tracks - Greasy Funk + Rock
Travis Barker rocks on a Cocktail Kit over some Hip-Hop/Rap
Guy adds a solo to the end of Tool - Parabola
So someone came to our show tonight and drew us. This is a very cool feeling.
Pull harder on the strings of your martyr by Trivium drum cover
Decided to switch up my kit for gigging a lot this year, was going for compact.
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my aaai
A very unique, creative drum solo by Paul Wertico
Shore - Tatran
Does anyone have first hand experience with a Roland TD-11KV? What is the feeling like? Thinking of buying into one for apartment training
Not Another Drum Jam Video.
New Snare Day!
Playing the Star Wars Cantina Theme on My MalletKat Midi Marimba
My very badly made but awesome sounding Gretsch 4166 COB snare (video) photos &amp; text in comments
Dor HaMabul (דור המבול) - Kmo Mitoch Seret - StiGy DRUM CAM
Wake 'N Break No. 335 - Eight Bar Groove In 6/4
New Tama Starclassic shell pack on MF for CHEAP!
No method of tuning i have ever tried works for me for my toms.
I'm wanting to incorporate MIDI samples into our live shows, but I want it to adjust to my current tempo
Trying to find a new way to interact with local musicians
Can someone transcribe this for me?
Wrist pain in right hand after 5 minutes.
A Custom Mastersound bottom hat. Suggestion for top cymbal.
I'm in quite a predicament here relating to the TD-1KV drums and my PC's headset.
Traditional grip question
Sick drum groove! Difficult footwork.
Matt Mcguire - Find You (Drum Cover) Check out 1:30 and 2:02
Yamaha just released a video for their updated Recording Custom series
Funky Drum Cover
Drum &amp; Bass &amp; some more..
Do you prefer tom toms with one head or two?
Rudiment playing cards?! Awesome percussion teaching/learning tool created by my friend Dave Black!
Changed up my setup a bit :)
I cloned a Round Badge bop kit. Process pics inside.
Tim Alexander - Chicago Drum Clinic - excellent playing.
Do you prefer to use the same stick for almost everything or a different stick for each application?
Looking for a song with a build like this (6:04-8:30) to play along to
Tool - Pushit cover. (Not me) One of the most comprehensive videos I've seen of this song to date.
Anyone built a tennis ball riser? How much noise did it reduce through wood floors? Any tips?
Best place to sell drums?
Is it a good idea to start learning drums at a rehearsal base?
Yamaha fp9500c
What do you think of my drum solo in my band ?
Nothing cracks me up more...
Can i make my ride have more of a "click" sound?
Questions about livedrumming
Whiplash and Caravan ( from the movie ) with help in the descriptions!!!
Blank Sticks, anyone heard of them?
Made some of those "shelf liner" mutes with my son tonight. Thanks to /u/CON-BAG for the idea.
Heal toe help please! Read video description!
Improvisational drum solo!!! Really cool!! Check it out!!!!
Travis Orbin - Intervals Session - "Sure Shot" &amp; "Fable"
HOW TO TUNE A TOM PT 5 Pro Drum Tech Kenny Sharretts discusses methods for tuning a 12" tom using an even tuning interval between the batter, &amp; resonant heads as well as several techniques for fine tuning.
Anup Sastry- This video inspired me to get my first kit. Especially good at 2:38
Just finished recording
Put some new heads on the kit. Sounds amazing now!
My Frankenstein hiphop / jungle / jazz kit
Zildjian Kerope/Tama Metro Jam Review Part Two
Nerdy Japanese girl drummer kicks ass
Anyone tune their toms to intervals? What do you use?
Zildjian 16" paper thin vs Sabian AAX 20" studio crash
How to have drums with light and water splashing up?
Inhuman Drum Solo from Buddy Rich [Intermezzo]
My drumset book is now available in Spanish! . . . ¡Mi libro de batería es disponible ahora en español!
My drumset three years ago versus now.
başakşehir kombi servisi
Bill Ward's drumming is fucking insane!
What is your preferred hardware brand and why?
I'm pretty proud of this performance! Tell me what you think!
Snare Head Shootout - 14 heads back to back!
Finally back behind my own kit after a busy holiday season. Sure feels good to be back!
Justin Timberlake - Pusher Love Girl - Drums
**WTB** Belgium (antwerp) looking for a 24 inch ride/crash!
Help with recording band.
Anyone know anything about Camco Drums?
Looking for a specific video
Will I need a custom hoop?
Can practicing on two different pedals be detrimental to overall technique?
What manufacturers produce good hardware for their mid grade kits?
Awesome new platform for your drums videos
Help me with finding the right cymbals!
21 years I've been a drummer and a percussionist, and I've never gotten this blister before...
To the person who sold a "like new" Gibralter rack to Guitar Center.....
Measurements of bass drum spur and lug spacing for 70s/80s Slingerland?
Trying out a new setup any thoughts or suggestions
Really Ddrum? I am disappoint.
DW Performance Series in Tobacco Satin.
[drums] My name is Nicole! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Christian Bale learned how to play drums in two weeks by listening to Pantera, Mastodon
Just what the doctor ordered!
Happy New Year to all! Check out this cool clip of Jojo Mayer showing his crazy foot technique. :)
Looking for crash and hi hat suggestions based on my current cymbal set up
Cleaning your drums
New ride suggestions!
Tips for hi hat speed?
Interviews for gear nerds
minnesota/twin cities band
Looking for a good upgrade from my Tama Superstar
Jake Bugg drummer discusses open hand drumming
Bass Pedal Problem- Pearl P-900
TIL Vans Makes an Ultra-lite Authentic Shoe
Drum free backing track - 7/4 Psychedelic prog (160 BPM)
Can't practice in the apartment, so new kit to fit in a storage unit...
Playing along to some chill music
Ignore my stupidity, just thought the kit was lookin' pretty here
Trying to get an estimate on my pearl vision set with sabian cymbals and double pedals with spare pedal and unused tom ; great condition
Lester Estelle- The music may be simple but his groove is strong...
