Sold me Canadian Gift Card. US Seller. US buyer.
Defect: Closed Without Seller Resolution....
How do ebay handles adress like in china with chinese characters?
Does eBay/seller refund extra shipping costs?
Buyer not leaving a review?
eBay easy make money online guide
Shipping items to wrong people need help fixing
Would you retract this offer?
Shill bidding - ebay online auction
What are the brands that can't be sold on ebay?
I goofed - seller and I agreed to meet in person
Ebay having issues with variable price shipping
Update on USPS not updating tracking
How to ship with signature required?
Small rant (defect due to mail not running because of ice storm)
Paid item through paypal but ebay still shows unpaid?
Ebay store help
WARNING ALL EBAY SELLERS! BEWARE OF THE BUYERS MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!
PayPal Class Action Lawsuit – Claim Up To $2500
Returns question
Is this seller legit?
How can I stop eBay from sending me two emails and alerts every time I get (1) Best Offer?
Does the buyer see my address (the seller)?
Where do you guys order your bubble mailers from?
Any way to make coupon code?
Do I have to pay eBay fee, after solving a return request ?
USPS rate increases driving the economy. Time to raise prices. Yay.
CHEAP 1$ KUBOTAN SELF DEFENSE FIGHTING STICK FROM EBAY REVIEW
Buyer messages that she is disappointed after washing and using the item
Sold item; no tracking updates after the 5th and no word from the buyer; is it possible the item was delivered but not scanned?
Can't remove option for best offer from my listings?
Question about International shipping
Account suspended due to Multiple Accounts policy.
Well it looks like eBay and Paypal still communicate.
How are sellers getting away with claiming an item ships from within the us but it doesnt?
I had a return closed in my favor earlier today, just got an email from ebay "Please Confirm Returned Item".
Buyer wants to return scrub top because it does not have the "crispness" of new clothing.
Pending funds issue
Stuck In An Endless Loop Trying To Open A Support Request.
selling an iphone
PayPal chargeback 5 months after eBay purchase.
TRS Question: 20% off Final Value Fees
Buyer claimed unauthorized payment after I sent the item
Bid history on an item for sale
eBay sellers who have accidentally posted naked photos like Aimi Jones in yellow skater dress picture
How To Create A Ebay Buyers Email List With Free Tools
TIL that USPS padded flat rate envelopes are a higher rare than regular flat rate. I've been sending out padded envelopes but selecting the cheaper flat rate envelope pricing.
Buyer wants to pay a lot of money for my item?
How To Make Money Online
anyone know the price of import to norway from kina?
First Class International rate doubled??
[Rant] Please don't advertise "one day handling" if you don't plan on shipping it in ONE day.
USPS Lost item I sold, Buyer asking for a refund - do I lose money?
How long do I have to pay my "account balance"?
Buyer is forcing me to offer a refund for his mistake
The buyer wants to find an "amiable solution" but I feel I've done enough...
Can't see listings in a buyer's feedback from last month?
3 Ways You Can Make Money On eBay
Buyer wants to send a replacement instead of refund, wants me to mark return to sender on the envelope?
There is no trace of two items i sold
Buyer bought an item over a week ago, and still hasn't paid? I opened a case a couple days ago, what should I do?
eBay Inventory and Taxes (US)
Error message when confirming contact information
Purchase History details
Bought an item and now i have to pay £15 for the delivery
Hypothetical question from a seller's POV: If Paypal failed to do a chargeback for a buyer with my linked debit account, can they proceed to do a chargeback from my linked credit card?
Sold an item, but didn't. Seeking advice.
Need help, am I getting scammed?
Ebay store or regular listings?
What would be the best way to ship books and textbooks?
[Top Rated Sellers Only] Question regarding your 20% discount.
When are Ebay's new dashboard going into effect?
first-time ebay user (possibly scam) hasn't paid for 2 days?
Won vases on 2 different auctions from the same seller. Already paid. Now seller canceled items?! Is this legal?
eBay buyer has threatened me right after paying?
As a seller, once in a while you'll be harassed by people who have been on eBay for too long
[Buying Problem]
Scummy seller dragging feet on return
So now with the elimination of the online postage discount, charging actual shipping costs sellers?
Buyer hasn't paid yet after 2 days.
Bulk Video Game Bubble Wrap Mailers
New Seller, vague wording on ebay/paypals 21 Day money policy
How to find out when an ebay listing was originally posted
Can I get a refund for this?
Another tale of woe
Australian ebay - registered postage option only?
Getting back into ebay
[Advice]. Think I'm being scammed
Seeing an uptick on eBay customer service calls (seller)
Is Ebay 3.0 Android glitching out for anyone else?
Refunded a buyer to early, but the package is now about to be delivered.
I have listed two apple items in auction format, and both instances winners have not been paid. I have also had similar issues in the past. I have buyer blocks set up as 2 in the past 12 months and yet....
What is the best way to find ebay sellers from a specific location (Thailand)?
RANT! "Which is the lowest price you can go."
I'm a New Seller and I Have a Strange Buyer...
Bulk Shipping Question
Buyer has paid, but order won't stay marked as paid
Is there a way to check tracking numbers on closed returns?
Is there any way to block a certain address from buying items from you?
Newbie seller tip: Check feedback the buyer leaves for others
Why tick the box if you aren't going to even try to play ball? Or was I off base?
Item purchased is cheap replica. What are my options?
Anyone have a link to the new USPS First Class packages rates that went into effect this week?
Vanilla Visa or Mastercard to buy an item?
Question on unpaid item case.
Seller refunded for no reason because they are not registered to sell? more info inside
USPS internal theft.
I can't use my eBay bucks
Unable to find sale transaction except in item history
Best listing to get lower fees?
Ebay cancels bids because of suspicious buyer - but buyer has paid me
Shipping for alloy car wheels
Item sold for 99p ($1.40) nearly a month ago; buyer hasn't collected. Can I refund?
My Items showing as 'from eBay international sellers?
Get the Latest and stay up to day with online classifieds in your area with Craigslist®, Ebay® Classifieds, job classifieds and more. Directly on your browser.
Shipping options
Recieved a neg feedback over 1 day late "delivery", buyer lives in NE. Called eBay CS, refused to remove.
Getting annoyed by return process, need help.
Buyer won't respond to pay requests. I want to do a 'Second Chance Offer', but ebay won't let me because it's factoring in the price of the failed auction for my monthly sales cap.
How tech aware are ebay customer support?
Found small damages on my item that the buyer paid few minutes ago
Filing USPS insurance claim for damage, buyer already threw out packaging
Purchase with eBay Bucks improperly applied...
Paypal class action suit for those had their account frozen, held, or closed from 2006 to 2015
Sold machine; buyer refused package
Thinking I may have been scammed as a buyer, need advice.
can't link ebay and paypal [
I live in Australia and I posted an item to sell through ebay.com.AU website. However when you go to ebay.com - I cannot find it...what gives?
My listings keep randomly disappearing?
First time with a defective item
Spent 3.5 hours on hold with customer support. Is that pretty standard for ebay?
Don't understand "Expedited"
Global Shipping Program
Reporting listings
Can I not advertise on my listing that there would be no duties?
Someone tell me I'm getting stressed over nothing. No updates on package in three days.
If I buy multiple items on the same day from multiple sellers, will I get one big package or many smaller packages?
Seller did not specify on the listing
I think I'm being scammed, anything I can do?
Paypal check bounced and no buyer response
How Does This Work? How Does the Seller Make Money?
A buyer submitted a return request because they bought the item as a gift, and the person getting the gift already has it....should I accept?
Processing a partial refund through PP?
Damn, I screwed up...
Sold an untested PS3, now buyer wants a return because it's "defective"
Ebay US problem: prevent customer from California (no offense)
Ebay still hasn't updated the rates on my pages
Buyer left a neutral for seemingly no reason?
Deliveries from china
Safari issue - highlighting text causes scroll down in eBay description
Seller Alliance?
Checked Out as guest and can't view purchase details
any way to get my money faster than 21 days?
Tracking says delivered but buyer claims to not have recieved the item despite signature confirmation?????
What's the cheapest way to package a shirt or a couple pair of jeans for shipments?
How should I list an item with a defect but new with tags?
Is this legit ?
Hey guys please check out my ebay listings, i sell anything from video games to clothing, with great prices. I guarantee you will find something you like! http://www.ebay.com/usr/retr0--23
How can I customize my eBay store to look like some of the top sellers out there?
Anyone help with a worthpoint account that could help me out?
Should I change my feedback from negative to positive just because I got a refund?
Buyer is using stolen paypal accounts
Safe way to sell $1000 laptop?
PayPal transaction received, but eBay says 'awaiting payment'
Won several auctions and the seller states that is willing to combine postage, but his selling preferences in the basket/checkout 'request a combined total' contradict this. No communication and I am still waiting to pay
Bought an item from Los Angeles, but was shipped from Shenzhen?
New Ebay Seller Here
So I'm trying to buy a shipping label online for a readypost package but it's not even an option?
Have you ever had a person totally f*** up and try to blame you, the seller?
Number of sales by country? And a GSP question.
Sold high risk item, buyer paid. PayPal sends email "we believe may not have been authorized by the PayPal account holder"
So I had a problem as a seller on ebay. Asked for some help the other day, at this point here is where it is.
Case opened on 4 day old return request Decided against me in minutes. Bringing my cases to 2 or 0.46%. Kinda extremely worried
Buyer doesn't pay and then days later writes a quick email saying "don't want it". Is there anything I can do to punish such behavior?
Need help canceling an order
Buyer filed Paypal claim after I missed same-day shipping deadline, do I ship or not ship?
question about selling an item on ebay with no printer?
Item With No Bids. Can Seller Lower Opening Bid Price with 2hrs. Left in Auction?
Shipping to a buyer with a strange address
Is over charging for shipping allowed on eBay?
I want to block an obnoxious buyer but worry about fb
Shipping a Canada Goose Jacket from CANADA to the USA, is it legal?
Item location misrepresentation
[Question] How do I track my sales with Google Analytics and Ebay ?
Is there any way to accept a previous counteroffer?
Bought phone off ebay but they lied about the item
How to prevent or reduce the chance of being scammed as a seller?
Sold a graphics card, buyer says it's artifacting and wants a 50% refund or will leave neg feedback...used global shipping program, how to handle?
Can't cancel or claim unpaid on item
What automation solution do you use for eBay + Amazon?
Ebay Listing Software question
Won't even ship to their own country...
The difference a listing photo makes
Having trouble following searches?
Deprecated Guest Order?
Got fucked over, what can I do ???
Just got scammed, I am an idiot, any recourse?
eBay buyer is screwing me over and eBay calling isn't helping. What can I do?
$50 coupon for selling 4 items - gift or business strategy?
Please help. :( I am a seller who is being scammed out of $900
Tracking hasn't shown carrier possession for &gt; 1 week, not too worried, just eager and curious...
Best way to deliver gift card to buyer to avoid being scammed?
Seller relisted item I won yesterday but I haven't paid for yet
What is the actual timeframe for a buyer to return and item when they do a "return request"?
After months of selling something, a buyer decides my item was defective and has sold it
Just a small observation/rant on my experience.
Does a Buyer really have 180 Days to file a Claim?
Buyer issued a chargeback claiming the charge was "unauthorized"
Trump milineal bumper sticker on ebay
Buyer has 3 different names: email, ebay account, and shipping address
I have a buyer who said he hasn't received his package, the tracking number said it was dropped off at his porch but he never got it, how can I help him?
Will other bidders be notified if I update my max bid?
Received PayPay Payment but item remains unsold
eBay item keeps getting took down.
Need to cancel an order but buyer marked payment as sent but no money received. Will it refund him the money he hasn't paid from my balance?
Sold a bunch of phones, buyer claiming they're poor condition.
And this is why we always check feedback left for others before accepting/countering an offer!
Ebay noob. I have a buyer requesting an invoice. Why??
Closing account? "Your account is already scheduled to be closed. You don't need to take any additional action."
Bubble wrapping!
Item came broken, then this...
How do I (buyer) give back a refund (to seller)?
Shipping fees and buyers... how do you even make money any more?
Shipping US to Czech Republic?
Sent a partial refund on overpayment of shipping then had to cancel the transaction. Do I manually refund the rest? Or does eBay?
No 'ask eBay to step in' option! Where is it?
Buyer saying item is not as described and requested return, how do I deal with that ?
Global shipping center mixed up a high value item I sold
Seller asking for more shipping money.
My $1000 laptop just received a bid of $7,400. Is this fake?
Calling Ebay How Not To Get Scammed And Doing Good Business
Ordered a J Crew shirt, received the shirt and found out that it is a J Crew factory shirt (worse quality). Am I justified in soliciting a partial refund?
Did i get scammed?
How to give unpaid item strikes?
Somebody with no feedback bought an item of mine for $430. He never messaged or bought the item and now i'm stuck paying $45 bucks for fees of an item that is still in my living room.
Just ordered a book on ebay and the arrival date it suggests has long passed. WTF?
Trying to sell on eBay.ca, eBay wants to call me to give a pin, call never comes
Any way to see selling report of how many of each listings were sold?
"This item cannot be shipped because a valid email address is required"
Seller sent me a Paypal payment request
Got a chargeback notification through Paypal
I was just scammed, what do I do?
Coupon not working?
In 2015, I had 1 sale through the Global Shipping Program. I have had 3 in January already. Any reason for this uptick?
Went to put up a listing for an item weighing 14 ounces, selected first class, eBay says it will cost the Priority rate for the same weight to ship first class. What am I missing?
International sales jumped since New Years?
How should I price my engagement ring? 3.12 CTW / 2.28 Center
Need help with case dispute with Buyer
Refunding woes
Category limits
Making my eBay Shop look like a proper business not just a simple private seller.
Seller wishes to cancel an item I purchased and payed for
Return claim started, but no postage label from seller.
Why isn't FedEx shipping showing up on my PayPal purchases?
Opened non payment case
Buyer saying item is not as described and requested return, how do I deal with that ?
PayPal says I bought and completely paid for a shopping cart of 10 items. eBay says they're awaiting payment...
I am looking for "fuzzy balls" like fuzzy dice but testicles.
What happens if I entered the wrong phone number?
I want to return money to buy it now customer and cancel sale.
Fighting a false return request - Buyer lying to eBay.
I want to deliver my item myself to save on shipping. What can go wrong here?
When we're tired of the drama and etc. that goes on on the eBay, what are some GREAT auction site alternatives?
To accept a return or not to?
Got a coupon because my item didn't sell for the guaranteed price, but the coupon isn't valid when applied to what I want. It doesn't expire until 21 January.
Buyer with shipping question
UPS won't deliver to us citing "weather" but our roads are clear and there's not a cloud in sight!
Scammed by seller
How do you hide your "personal" purchases on ebay?
How Many Months till Ebay will Increase My Seller Limits?
eBay promptly (not) updating their rate and weight tables. Here we go again.
Sellers time run out, what to do but try again, with a "better" price
Questions about Feedback
Update: Have an open case for a return; Seller just tried to bribe me
Do you use stock photos? (VeRO rant)
Should I leave neutral feedback for an item that stinks heavily of cigarette smoke?
I'm in a pickle
Just got a bizarre buy and want to know if it's possible to cancel the order without it affecting me.
Need advice for a fraudulent repeat offending buyer. Police involvement?
eBay is the shittiest place ever.
I've made over 20k flipping Shoes on Ebay - Would you be interested in a book on shoe flipping? ( Idea validation )
Sending a thank you card with purchases?
Return requested stating 'does not match desciption'
There has to be an easier way to edit descriptions in bulk.
Ebay 10% coupon disappeared.
Effectively Brand your Business on eBay
Putting my money where my mouth is. My printing company will print everyone on reddit 100 free business cards. (Xpost : Entrepreneur)
Best way to obtain refund from seller/ebay
Was sent the wrong phone. Not fishy, just confused.
Buying question about deposit
Shipping method cheaper than First Class called "Standard" or "Economy"
Hilarious. Wtf is even the point.
Single Account - Multiple Paypals
Received "New" shoes that have been used. Seller is unresponsive. What's my best option?
Seller shipped as media mail even though I paid for priority,confronted her and now she is demanding I send it back.
I'm selling a laptop by bid. Someone has bid money, but has no feedback and the account created very recently. What do I do?
Received a "Received in Damaged Condition" item back.
Is it bad if I change shipping?
Can you delete shipping policies?
Buyer opened a return for item not working, received the item today and it's in perfect working condition. I'll be happy to refund item price and I already got stuck with the return shipping, any way I don't have to refund the original shipping paid by buyer?
Trouble with Thermal Printer
Merchant Gateway Help
Question about International shipping
Check out Amazon Fire Tv Stick + Kodi 15.2 &amp; Kodiflix , PPV, Movies, Sports, Kids, XXX
Tips for managing customer service with multiple employees
Bought $1100 item that wasn't shipped, seller cancels order and issues refund that failed. Scam?
How long does a buyer has to return for her refund after the eBay sided with her?
How do I (buyer) give back a refund (to seller)?
USPS Rate increase specific to First Class International Packages?
So many mixed answers when I ask this
View Order Details not working?
Free download ANDROID APK file: Game The Sims™ FreePlay APK for Windows Phone
How do I respond to personal questions / take appropriate action?
GBought an item, selected home shipping address instead of college one. Sent message immediately, but I think seller sent it to wrong address anyway. Is there anything I can do? Do I have any recourse? Am I SoL?
As a seller, once in a while you'll be harassed by people who have been on here for too long
This is a fraudulent post made by someone who is posing as my son
Is "Paypal Protection plan" a scam?
How to ensure my safety
Seller keeps delaying shipping, can I do anything?
Ideas for cost effective shipping.
Inventory Management App Question
Mass spam from buying an item?
Do I have to pay taxes for stuff I sell on ebay???
Please help. I just received an anonymous letter from usps with a threat.
Seller sold me a bootleg DVD, I messaged him about it, he leaves me negative feedback and lies about the listing's description
Tracking number not showing any activity from USPS
Buyer opens Item-Not-As-Described case because rulers are confusing
HELP! Ebay sent me a 150 dollar invoice for a listing I canceled due to a scammer? No money was ever transferred, first listing was free... wtf?
Buyer accidentally sends wrong item
Is anyone else using the new SellerHub?
Sold a GPU on eBay buyer is complaining about temps. Help!
Cases closed without seller resolution
Okay.. So fees.
"Notice Left (No Secure Location Available)"
Shipping as a seller question
Ebay gift card
Do I have to do what I said in a message?
how long will ebay hold my funds for? just made my first sale.
Is eBay acting buggy for you too?
Reviews My Hermes – Is My Hermes any good? … No!
Why tick the box if you aren't going to play ball? Or was I off base?
So is there no longer a Ebay discount for first class packages 3oz or less ?
No more USPS Regional Rate Box C? Is that phasing out this year?
Selling a tattoo gun/machine belt buckle :)
Responsive eBay Design
Ebay Feedback Guide
Thoughts on using social media to advertise products?
I'm getting ripped off aren't I?
Can USPS First-Class Package be in a box?
Live 2016 - Get up to 2,000 auction-style listings free*
I tried to take down an item that I had for sale and I guess it didn't work and now the item sold and I was paid.. but I didn't want this to happen? Uhh. what now?
Selling on eBay
How do you signup to the developer program on ebay - I'm trying to write a scraper
Am I about to be scammed out of my money?
Confused about eBay sale
buyers asking to donate to them!
Revise shipping methods after a bid was placed.
How long should I wait until contacting the buyer because of a failed delivery attempt? I hate babysitting packages!
Seller refuses to cancel offer; insists on going to UPI resolution
Was I wrongfully charged or am I missing something?
Insecure buyers, a big red flag?
Buyers not paying for auctions that they have won.
Buyer claims she didn't receive package.
Seller shipped with wrong packaging, costing me an extra $20 to pick the item up, and is not responding to messages
Drug policy violations getting *stupid*.
Buyer requested cancellation after UPI case already opened. Unsure how to proceed. Pls help!
Quick question about paypal and canceling an order.
If I'm having a sale, what are some marketing tools to show across all my listings?
How often do you browse through a seller's Ebay store looking to buy something?
Reporting inaccurately rated book conditions?
Return dispute for item, user claims item has no warranty and is damaged.
Accidental purchase
Cool Led Top Hat
Ethics for sellers on Ebay
Selling currently unranked League of Legends account with Diamond border(EUW) and 0 placements played; about 12 runepages(?), all viable runes, all champs and 79 skins(including many rare ones)
Wrong specs on tablet possibly
[AUS]How Accurate is Ebay's Estimated delivery?
PayPal Alternatives? Please help
Happy New Year!!!
A few days after months of trying to get TRS and I get negged for no logical reason.
Made a typo in my listing title, re-list or leave it?
Help for someone new to eBay?
GSP general questions. Countries I don't ship to?
How does a company like ironsidecomputers ship a computer flat rate for $35?
Why are my PayPal funds pending?
Time to finally get my stuff relisted: 1,000 free Auction or FPL, includes relists
Can I use a generic box for 'Parcel Select® (2-9 days) - Package/Thick Envelope'
Seller doesn't care his listing is wrong.
Buy Factory Unlocked cellphone
PLEASE HELP ME
This is funny. Natalie Dormer / Adult Film Star
Looking to sell all my consoles but only have buyer feedback.
eBay sending blank support/account emails
What happens if I ordered a blu-ray box set and its missing a disc when I opened, what are my options?
Opening up a second account
Tracking Packages: Canada To International (Not US)
Chargebacks for low value items?
Location abuse, import tax and VAT- UK
Best method of selling my Xbox 360 games.
Product shipped to wrong address
Ebay delivers again. I got this message about one of my items...
Missed deadline for unpaid item case?
Buyer is requesting a full refund after saying the items in the sale were smashed to bits.
Sellers: how often do you actually get feedback?
Are sellers allowed to give the buyer instructions for returning to make it look like the buyer changed their mind?
Want to cancel order, seller wants me to leave positive feedback first?
What happens if I don't pay invoice?
Quick question
Seller put additional shipping charge in description?
New user to ebay, had a few questions.
[APP] Can't show the images
Screw you Mods, I got my return approved by PayPal.
I do Ebay/Amazon/Craigslist full time. This is my setup. (x-post from r/flipping)
Never using Ebay again
Seller wants Fake Shoes he sold back after refund after we won ebay refund case.
Seller wants fake shoes back, after we won ebay refund case.
Account Suspended due to 2nd Account over 10 years old.
first-time ebay user (possibly a scam) hasn't paid the item for 2 days?
Is there a way I can let my buyers decide what kind of shipping they want?
Convince me to make a paypal.
I need advice on prepaid refill I have sold.
Anyone ever get banned from eBay for "borrowing" pics from Amazon?
eBay Bucks certificates not being issued.
Are all buyers on ebay retarded?
Bought a damaged item as a Christmas gift, seller ignored my messages, now I don't have the item anymore to be able to return it.
How can I have my first and only so far negative feedback removed?
Is the buyer a drop-shipper? Unusual sale.
May someone please give me advice for a quality camera for Amazon/eBay?
Guest order problem viewing order
[Discussion] What's the dumbest reason for a return that you've seen selling on eBay?
I am done with eBay, with a lesson learned
eBay asking for all account info + SSN...is this new?
UGH! Buyer opens return because vintage item is not what they imagined in a dream they must have had. RANT!
Best way to ship VERY small toys/figurines?
Item I ordered was heavily damaged in transit, I requested a refund w/ pictures. Got my refund, but buyer has asked for me to return the item anyway. Where do I stand?
Paid With eBay Gift Card and it charged my PayPal account?
Refund timescales
Bought two identical items. Received two boxes. One was empty. Will I get my recourse?
Bought some books this past week, seller wasn't really honest
Great video for begginers who want to make money from eBay!
Can you return an item without the box?
eBay buyer protection expired but estimated date was with a shipping service not used?
How I beat an "empty box" scammer.
Won several auctions and the seller states that is willing to combine postage, but his selling preferences in the basket/checkout 'request a combined total' contradict this. No communication and I am still waiting to pay.
Buyer opens not-as-described case because rulers are confusing
Need help with a thermal printer!
Buyer requested express 1 day shipping and offered $100 more. safe?
Need Assistance Fellow ebayers
Fresh account purchasing expensive electronic. How to protect myself?
PayPal shipping down for others tonight as well? (PayPal confirmed it's a random issue as they're upgrading their systems..)
Hey, I'm Viky and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
Dont insult your customers
Why would eBay force you to input a UPC or have your listing deleted when 1)You still can't search by UPC and 2)when listing via the eBay mobile app, there is NO option to enter a UPC
eBay's site slow today?
Seller not accepting payment - seller's paypal email is unregistered
Item is paid, seller isn't sending (or responding to options). What are my options?
Another Seller Copy and Pasted First 4 Lines of my Description
Incremental bidding but still 'buy it now'
is this legit?
Looking for some help regarding an original Wrestle Mania poster with signatures.
January 17, 2016, new USPS rates in effect.
Seller wants to cancel AFTER I received item?
I have a question about live auctions.
New ebay account with 1000's of stock.. How would you do this?
I wish people would leave feedback!
Are USPS DVD boxed (the free ones) supposed to have to not fully cover the inner brown side?
What to do when USPS does not update tracking
Seller Dictating Additional Payment After Sale
Beware of negative feedback that is disguised as positive feedback.
Contacting EBay to request refund from seller?
Does anyone know if eBay / PayPal plan to finally add regional and padded Priority flat rate shipping options?
Ship through ebay or paypal? And why so?
Does relisting an item count towards your monthly free listings?
Was I off-base? Or does this seller not understand how the best offer feature is intended to work? Why tick the box if you aren't going to even try to play ball?
What is going on here?
Just wondering if anyone else is having tracking problems since the new USPS system took effect.
Can USPS deliver to your home twice in one day?
Buyer requests return before item is even delivered? What to do?
$10 Amazon gift card with a $42 bid. Why?
So you think paying for Signature Confirmation protects you as a seller?
Question about lost package responsibility
If I win an item how long do I have to pay?
Just got scammed, I am an idiot, any recourse?
[Advice] Someone backed out of a deal
Attention sellers! eBay handing out new Transaction defects for Feb 2016 evaluation!
How many days are Sellers given to ship out a won/paid for auction?
Coming back to sell after years in the dark
Is refurbished really the best term for my listing?
SOL? Refund for Cashmere Throw
How to cancel a purchase?
Seller shipped item in the wrong type of packaging, cost me an additional $20 to pick it up
Customer Services callbacks - how long do they take?
Cheapest Way to Ship a USB Flash Drive?
Other than Canada and the U.S., what countries do you feel are save to ship to?
As a buyer, should I leave feedback warning of fake item even if seller oks return
Question regarding VAT from Italy to US
Question concerning higher selling limits on a new account.
This is why you always check "feedback left for others" before accepting an offer.
Seller says I'm ignoring him after only two days. Leaves negative feedback.
Frustrating sale, how would you proceed, I just got a message from a seller I sold a mug to over a month ago.
First time buyer
Received payment for item but ebay has no record of a sale.
Am I scammed on ebay?
Help with DHL tracking
Trying to add Registered Mail to international package, but where is the option?
There's an item I want for $700 right now that's being bidded for a low price. Is it possible for me to do an automatic bid at a later time?
EBay is awesome
Quick question.
Can I trust this seller!? Timberlands
New 16 Ounce First Class Mail and Priority Mail Regional Rate Box C Heads Up
Item showed up in purchase history, but then disappeared and did not receive conformation email.
Deceptive Seller never ships and still hasn't refunded?
