This Smith and Wesson rally on the bad news for gun buyers illustrates the markets craziness perfectly!
How Billionaires Are Investing In 2016: "The Only Winning Move Is Not To Play The Game" "The world’s central banks can’t save us anymore."
Putting Oil Prices in Perspective: Price of Oil Relative to Wages
The Fed and the phony numbers casino
Free MCX Tips-MCX Tips-Sure Shot Tips-Base Metals
In the proverbial nutshell, then, the world has become addicted to borrowing money, spending it, and passing this off as “growth”. This is a copybook example of a pyramid scheme.
A First Look At Mobile Gamers In Iran
The prospect of a left-wing coalition government in Spain gained ground as anti-austerity party Podemos said it was ready to help break the deadlock created by an inconclusive election in December and back a Socialist-led administration.
2016 Market Crash Explained In 1 Chart
China GDP Slows to Weakest Since 2009 on Manufacturing Slide
Is California More Energy Efficient than the Rest of the Nation? Evidence from Commercial Real Estate -- by Matthew E. Kahn, Nils Kok, Peng Liu (PDF)
China's growth data - can you trust it?
Exclusive: Online cattle auction aims to shake up U.S. meat market
International economic sanctions lifted on Iran
FRB: Press Release--Federal Reserve issues FOMC statement--January 27, 2016
Abe: Sales tax will be raised to 10% as planned. He acknowledged that consumption was greatly affected when the rate was increased from 5 to the current 8 percent in April 2014.
Let's talk cars and transports of the future!
Gap between China and US Economies Grows for the First Time in a Decade
When Teamwork Doesn’t Work for Women
Venezuela opposition seeks congress control of central bank.
2016 Market Crash Explained In 1 Chart - Mike Maloney
Economist's View: 'Information in Inflation Breakevens about Fed Credibility'
These Monthly Stock Charts Say It All...
Runaway Inequality's Stranglehold On Our Future: "It's the hidden issue that 'will undermine everything we care about' and will take a generation to fix. Runaway inequality looks set to eclipse our future, and it's going to take serious work to change its course"
One Gallon of Milk is Now Worth Nearly Two Gallons of Oil
Yuan Capital and the Dollar Peg
U.S. adds 2.65 million jobs in 2015 for 2nd best year since 1999
BlackBerry Is Now The Software Company John Chen Envisioned
Dow plunges 365 points on fears of oil plunge and China
The Coming Economic Collapse
It's naira or never: Nigeria needs decisive action on its currency | Oluseun Onigbinde
Charles Finny on TPP dispute mechanisms
These 7 Household Names Make a Killing Off Prison-Industrial Complex
Machine earning
The self-employed will overtake the public sector with the ‘gig economy’
NBER Research Summary: Energy and Environmental Technology
Bank of Japan cuts key interest rate into negative territory
The cheque republic (Ireland): money in a modern economy with no banks. | Bank Underground
Alex Jones : World Economy In Free Fall - 2016
Top Economic Risk of 2016 Is Global Warming
Dealerships accuse Fiat Chrysler of falsifying U.S. sales
Canada discriminated against aboriginal children by underfunding welfare services on reserves, a human rights tribunal has ruled, in a decision that could affect the way Ottawa funds education, health and housing for indigenous Canadians.
Sai Proficient- Equity Market- Economic Crisis
Report: Probability of US recession in 2016 highest since 2011
The Gig Business: Why the Largest Companies No Longer Employ the Most People
7 countries where you can become a citizen or resident — if you have the cash
World GDP Growth &amp; Commodity Prices
Can U.S. Remain an Island of Stability in the Global Economy?
New-car sales could set new records in 2016
The Fed has a legal mandate for price stability and high employment. Their mandate does not instruct them to stop trying if things get a bit difficult. It does not instruct them to pass the job on to the fiscal authorities. And yet that's exactly what we are seeing.
S&amp;P 500 finishes at 3-month low; Dow down 364 points; Nasdaq down -3.4% today.
Shipping has halted in the Atlantic. Panic stations GO
Here's What Genuine Tax Reform Looks Like - Cochrane
Iran expects annual foreign investments of 50 billion USD
Viaggi in aereo: ParkinGO ti spiega perché parcheggiare in aeroporto a Bergamo
Federal Reserve: Credibility on the line
$9-billion, 36-plane Rafale deal moves a step closer
French president declares economic emergency
China will Float but what interest rates will the RMB have?
Zimbabwe's Economy - Act before the tyrant dies (Robert Mugabe)
High Profits as an Incentive to Bear High R&amp;D Costs, David Henderson
Oil prices jump over 2 pct on Saudi Arabia, Iran tensions
"Over five million jobs will be lost by 2020 as a result of developments in genetics, artificial intelligence, robotics and other technological change, according to World Economic Forum research."
$250,000 a Year is Not Middle Class: the exact middle of the American spectrum earn $53,657, the highest 5% $206,568+
China Suspends Stock Circuit Breaker Rule, CSRC Says on Weibo
"You Lie" - Fact-Checking Obama's SOTU Job "Gains" Claims...... omitted part of his presidency in boasting of nearly 900,000 manufacturing jobs “in the past six years.” Over his entire time in office, manufacturing jobs have gone down by 230,000.
The Q Ratio and Stock Market Valuations
Dispassionate analysis?: America’s economists are almost as divided as its politicians
An economy without labour. Is it possible?
Intraday Equity Tips for Stock Market Investor
le record du monde de consommation d’énergie éolienne
Tim Duy: So You Think A Recession Is Imminent, Employment Edition
Getting ahead is harder in the suburbs: Urban sprawl inhibits upward mobility
Chinese consumers couldn't care less that stocks are tanking: Pushing aside recent turmoil in financial markets, Chinese consumer sentiment rose unexpectedly in January
Easy Cash Trade
Barclays and Credit Suisse are poised to settle federal and state charges that they misled investors in their dark pools, with Barclays admitting it broke the law and agreeing to pay $70 million
These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies
George Osborne warns UK economy faces 'cocktail of threats'
What happened to New Keynesian economics?
BoE's Carney hints at economic uncertainty ahead of Brexit vote
Failed Talks Raise Specter of Biggest Default in Puerto Rico Crisis
Chinese Stocks Halted as Weak Yuan Fixing Deepens Market Turmoil
How Turtle Traders Employed Discretion In Their Trading
Google's UK tax deal, the economic illiteracy of the government
2016 = stock market crash and recession
China stocks up after circuit breaker axed, yuan fixed higher
U.S. Stocks Fall as Fed Sees Risks, Apple Sinks; Crude Advances
Chinese Government Adviser Says ‘Very Difficult’ For China To Achieve 6.5% Growth Target, As Markets Fall Again
If Companies Are Telling The Truth, Profit Margins Are About To Collapse The Most In The 21st Century
GE to cut 6,500 Alstom jobs in Europe
Climate change disaster is biggest threat to global economy in 2016 - according to a survey of 750 experts conducted by the World Economic Forum
Can someone explain how the US economy is considered one of the largest in the world even though it has the most debt?
Baidu President Says China Is in Transition
[G30] Fundamentals of Central Banking: Lessons from the Crisis
Lower fuel prices boost airline profits, but fares to hold steady
IMF:The Financial Wealth of Corporations : A First Look at Sectoral Balance Sheet Data(PDF)
GOP Prescribes Tax Cut For Infirm Economy
The Geo-Economics of Gulf Food Imports
Japanese economic policy just got weird. And America might be next.
IMF:The Labor Market Performance of Immigrants in Germany(PDF)
Sap Forex- Successful Financial Advisory- Our Services
Wall Street faces profit recession as earnings season begins
Best Equity Market Investment Tips
Five Simple Rules for Online Trading Success
Five Simple Rules for Online Trading Success
Five Simple Rules for Online Trading Success
From $500,000 To $170 Million In A Few Months: The Next "Subprime Trade" Emerges
Chinese billions for German businesses: Stock market turmoil and less-than-rosy economic data leave no doubt that China’s economy is in dire straits. But that hasn’t stopped massive, state-owned corporations from going on shopping sprees in Europe
Oil shock is hurting U.S. economy
Mortgage applications rebound 21%: Here's why
The Self-Serving Apologists for Student Debt-Serfdom
The Dow Falls Another 364 Points And We Are Now Down 2200 Points From The Peak Of The Market
George Soros Warns of Global Economic Crisis
La gestion de patrimoine avec de vrais experts
Michigan youth working against bill that lowers minimum wage for young adults (Proposal: employers could pay people under 20 the lower federal minimum wage of $7.25 instead of state minimum of $8.50).
Sanctions on Iran Lifted - But Not for Most U.S. Companies. For U.S. businesses, sanctions against Iran remain in full force and effect: with few exceptions
Biggest Global Banks at Davos: We're All Fintech Innovators Now
Cheap cab ride? You must have missed Uber’s true cost
Americans Making Peanuts WWW.I-NETRADIO.COM Fri Jan 29
Susan Athey: What will be the impact of machine learning on economics?
Understanding BRICS through Non-Traditional Market Economy Perspectives
America’s Great Fitness Divide
Clean energy: An increasingly precious metal - Amid a surge in demand for rechargeable batteries, companies are scrambling for supplies of lithium
Richest 62 billionaires as wealthy as half the world population combined: Charity says only a crackdown on tax dodging, higher investment in public services and higher wages can halt the wealth divide widening even further and faster
China's economy grew by around 7 percent in 2015, services made up half of GDP - Premier
A world divided: Elites descend on Swiss Alps amid rising inequality
Silicon Valley's $585 B Problem
Where goes the dispute between Iran and Saudi Arabia?
The European Union is discussing imposing travel bans and asset freezes on at least two Libyans it sees as blocking efforts by the United Nations to form a government of national unity
Verizon, other telecoms selling data centers
You Should Sell (Some of) Your Startup Equity
Future Economists Will Probably Call This Decade the 'Longest Depression'
Chinese social media explodes on market shutdown
Thanks, Obama: Highest Earners’ Tax Rates Rose Sharply in 2013
Business in the United States: Who Owns it and How Much Tax They Pay
The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell last week from a more than five-month high, suggesting the labor market remains on firmer footing even as economic growth appears to have slowed sharply in the fourth quarter.
RBS is telling its clients to 'sell everything' ahead of a 'cataclysmic year'
Earnings Season Set to Confirm U.S. Slipping Into Profit Recession
Financial transactions: 10 legal myths busted - The Economic Times
San Francisco's Housing Activists Are Making the City More Expensive - The Atlantic
Labour reallocation and productivity dynamics: financial causes, real consequences
Are the effects of recession temporary or permanent?
Africa in 2016: Winners and Losers in the New Year
Gestão de Resíduos | Moises Carvalho Pereira
The Economy Is Failing And This Collapse Will Be Much Worse Than 2008
Ricardo Smith model
How Big is the Gig Economy? The Government is Finally Going to Find Out.
10 bits of financial advice for millennials
Why I stopped angel investing (and you should never start)
Deutsche Bank Said to Probe Subprime Auto Securitizations. “market ripe both for fraud and also a sudden rise in delinquencies”
Sai Proficient- Stock Market- Investment Tips
Why farms die and should die
The country that tricked the world
12 of America's Most Questionable Highway Expansion Projects
How Iran's Guardian Council Could Shape Its 2016 Parliamentary Elections
How To Become a Successful Futures Trader
Inside the Chinese Meltdown Rocking Wall Street, Part 3
Global markets turmoil echoes 2008 financial crisis, warns George Soros
What effect would Saudi Aramco's potential IPO have on global markets?
Sai Proficient-Risk Management-Stock Market
Price of gas vs. price of oil 2006-2016. Every time the green line rises above the blue line, you were getting screwed by the oil companies.
The oil conundrum | The Economist
China posts slowest annual economic growth in 25 years
Sap Forex- Approaching Tips- Comex Signal
Government Employees Outnumber Manufacturing Employees 1.8 to 1
China and the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) are committed to working closely to conclude a comprehensive free trade agreement (FTA) within 2016, the two sides announced
Global Stocks Enter Bear Market: One-Fifth Of All Worldwide Stock Market Wealth Is Already Gone
Vietnam's Communist Party delegates are meeting in Hanoi to begin the process of choosing a new set of leaders. Behind closed doors, the 1,510 members will nominate the next president, the prime minister, and most importantly, the party's general secretary.
Fiat suspended several times after heavy losses
Are We Headed For Another Recession?
Retail Sales in U.S. Decrease to End Weakest Year Since 2009
Gov't Report: Budget Deficit To Rise To $544B This Year
Map of Walmart announced closures 1/15/2016
Oil Bust Drags Canadian Dollar to Historic Lows [Chart]
Bank of Canada maintains overnight rate target at 1/2 per cent
Brazil's labor ministry says the country lost 1.5 million payroll jobs in 2015 amid a contracting economy that has led to high inflation and layoffs in the manufacturing and service sectors
Over 50, Female and Jobless Even as Others Return to Work: At 5 percent, the jobless rate may be close to what economists consider full employment, but that headline figure doesn’t capture the challenges still facing millions of Americans who have yet to regain their footing in the workplace.
The Caribbean Has a New Tax Haven for Personal Income
China's largest shale gas project goes into production
Ukraine pushing back against fiscally weak Russia
Apple iPhone Sales May Show Abrupt Decline For First Time Ever
Energy Hni-Algorithmic Trading-Trading Strategy
Machine Learning Trading, Stock Market, and Chaos
The dead hand of austerity; left and right
More Signs of Trouble in Asia: Barclays to Cut Investment Banking Jobs
Il Curriculum dell’Avvocato Giorgio Fraccastoro, avvocato cassazionista e fondatore dello Studio Legale Fraccastoro
This Is A Big Economic Change: GM To Import Buicks From China
How is the value of the dollar determined against other currencies?
No, there won’t be a global recession in 2016
Obama’s Coal Last Rites; His lease moratorium targets profitable Western coal country
Recession May be Past, but Underemployment &amp; Low-Wage Jobs Still Define Landscape in North Carolina
Nearly $8tr wiped off world stocks in Jan., US recession chances rising, Bank Of America Merrill Lynch
Sai Proficient-Support-Trading Tips
Charter School Insiders Now Admit Public Education Can't Be Remade In Wall St.'s Image
Sai Proficient-Forex Signal-Stock Market
World stocks jump as Bank of Japan rate goes sub-zero
TPP not equal to “free trade” | Jared Bernstein
McDonald's all-day breakfast a hit, investors lovin' it
Japan is trying to save its economy with a Jedi mind trick
White House closely watching stock market selloff
"Germany proposes creating up to 500,000 short-term jobs to help Syrian refugees survive in overburdened Middle Eastern host countries, the minister for economic cooperation said during a visit to Jordan on Tuesday [26 January 2016]."
Will the stock market impact housing values? Taking a look at stock trends and current home values.
Weak Economy and Little Faith
Ideological divisions in economics undermine its value to the public
Fed vs. the market: 'Tension is fairly evident'
World Economic Forum Warns of Growing Array of Global Risks
The Fed Clearly Doesn't Understand Liquidity
Bruegel: Lost in assumptions: assessing the economic impact of migrants
How Economics Went From Theory to Data
Shanghai Fund Manager Dumps All Holdings in ‘Insane’ Market
Obama advisor Steven Rattner : "Ross Perot had a point when he campaigned against NAFTA saying that it would result in jobs headed south to Mexico. Free trade helps a few winners and creates a huge number of losers
US 'Hedge Fund King' Banned By Regulators
Question: Correlation of WTI Oil with S&amp;P500 index
What are the best proxies for economic growth?
Why Economists Ignore Much of Rich People’s Income
Forex Trading Signal by Sapforex24
Did Wall Street Banks Create the Oil Crash?
Sudanese President Omar Bashir has ordered revisions to the economic agreements struck with South Sudan in a positive gesture to the breakaway southern state.
The Big Short Misleads on Ratings Agencies | Robert P. Murphy
The Future of Jobs
Switzerland will be the first country in the world to vote on having a national wage of £1,700 a month: If the plans go through, it will become the first country in the world to provide a basic unconditional monthly income, and they are already the first country to vote on the matter.
Wealth is becoming further concentrated, the number of people owning the same amount as the bottom half of humanity falling from 388 to 62 in five years
(Japan) Hemorrhaging or Healing? Veteran DPJ Members Bowing Out At Increasing Rate (x-post from /r/japan)
Davos 2016: More than 5 million jobs will be lost to robots by 2020 says WEF study
Apple’s iPhone Sales Growth Is Sustainable
Eurozone inflation increases to 0.4%
Immigrants or Executives: Who’s to Blame for Wage Stagnation? -- In his final State of the Union, President Obama said that corporate priorities, not workers from other countries, were responsible for sluggish salaries.
The beginning of China's deindustrialization?
Easycashtrade — Blogs, Pictures, and more on WordPress
Print Less but Transfer More: Why Central Banks Should Give Money Directly to the People
Exclusive - ECB wary of further action despite uncertain future
Asia Pacific stock markets plunge again amid Chinese economy fears – live
China's largest bank buys huge 1,500-tonne gold vault in London
Oil slump sends Russian ruble to all-time low
Why Can't Economists Be Trusted? Ask an Economist
Alas, bad news has finally become ... bad news
In default, Puerto Rico faces ongoing fiscal pain
Netflix Can Repeat Its 2015 Stock Market Run
Oil Seen Heading to $20 by Morgan Stanley on Dollar Strength
21 large-cap stocks that are down at least 20% in 2016 - MarketWatch
Oil crashes to $30 a barrel - CNNMoney
Most Americans can't handle a $500 surprise bill
The China Syndrome: The Coming Global Financial Meltdown
ADP: private sector adds 257,000 jobs in December
Marc Benioff, George Soros and Alice Walton endorse Hillary Clinton
The rise of the part-time and disposable employment army: Record number of people now employed in transient labor positions while good paying jobs remain stuck in the mud.
Shipping is halting Atlantic! Panic!
Are immigrants stealing our jobs?
The Institutionalized Looting Of America
Technology is the next big theme in the World Economic Forum 2016
Mr. Shkreli Goes to Washington and Mocks Ghostface Killah
I inherited this stock certificate a few years back. Am I rich? Is it time to retire?
Global economy uncertainty hangs over Davos
Will China’s new “supply-side” reforms help China? Michael Pettis weighs in (long read)
What the Market Drop Says About the State of the Obama Economy
6 Big Cities See Hiring Fade After Minimum Wage Hikes
The Right Minimum Wage - $0.00 - NYTimes 1987
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to probe 38 former military chiefs, officers and companies for alleged arms procurement fraud
Best Investment Tips for Stock Market
S&amp;P 500 May Enter Bear Market in 2016 as Swings Grow, UBS Says
Brazil Heads for Worst Recession Since 1901, Economists Forecast
FRB: FOMC Minutes, December 15-16, 2015
Pot shops can revitalize areas, analyst says
Looking for some guidance in regards to an economic idea
I need to find a lawyer and an accountant for my new business I started, how do I go about finding a feasible and trustworthy one?
What does it mean for an economy to be healthy?
Compare 50 States
Help me understand the "Economy"
Economics Of A Blizzard: Winter Storm Jonas Is A Win For Whole Foods But A Loss For Hourly Workers
Equity Tips-Trading Tips-Stock Tips-Intraday Tips- Intraday Trading Tips
Mexican Peso's Surprising Drop Spurs Speculation Banxico to Act
The top 50 hospitals that gouge patients the most
Charting the Markets: China Falls Again, Defying Gains in Other Emerging Markets
Sap Forex- Environmental Policy-Our Services
The World’s Favorite New Tax Haven Is the United States
So Yes, the Oil Crash Looks a Lot Like Subprime
China’s Hunger for Commodities Wanes, and Pain Spreads Among Producers
Record car sales tell story of Australian economy
Microsoft Joins The Mobile Virtual Network Operator Industry
Sell everything ahead of stock market crash, say RBS economists
How Obama "reduced" unemployment
Russia's currency collapses to lowest level ever
Iran storms back into glutted oil market with price at 13-year low
Doubling Down on W - Krugman
Market sell-off triggers fears of 'Asian flu' again
[Metaeconomy]the whole day I go in for sports, but all night i on webcam 18+
China increases exports of diesel to India.
People who are not in the labor force: why aren't they working?
ELI5: Why is the Korean Won losing value?
Can someone break this down for me?
Honest discussion about replacing the Fed
Why the Black Hole of Deflation Is Swallowing the Entire World ... Even After Central Banks Have Pumped Trillions Into the Economy Washington's Blog
IEA says oil market to remain oversupplied until late 2016
HIGHLIGHT ON ONGOING TERRORIST ATTACK IN BURKINA FASO – BAITED HOSTAGES
Retail sales fall again, end 2015 with whimper
The Oil Crash Of 2016 Has The Big Banks Running Scared
Nuova offerta sulle pratiche Scia di cessazione attività
China Orders Banks To Stop Purchasing U.S. Dollars
Lockheed seals services deal with Leidos; quarterly profit rises
Europe struggles to lift global gloom
41% of workers took no vacation last year, Many Americans never use all their vacation days
The Suburban Generations Destroy the Suburban States: "Those that enjoyed the best years of the U.S. economy and are leaving those coming after with massive debts."
Oil prices jump over 2 pct on Saudi Arabia, Iran tensions
Is the stock market telling us we’re headed for a recession?
Distribution of where women are working in the United States
China escalates emergency stock market intervention; Authorities buy shares, inject liquidity and extend selling ban in the wake of renewed stock turmoil
A society of entrepreneurs
Can someone please explain this to me? "After the 2006 war, while Iran reimbursed Lebanese Shiites with cash, Saudi Arabia parked $300 million at the Central Bank to shore up Lebanon’s Foreign Currency reserves and protect the national currency against collapse."
Japan’s Central Bank Now Has a Negative Interest Rate. Here’s What that Means.
Stock Market Tips-Online Share Trading-Share Market Tip
Top economics journal (Journal of Economic Perspectives) publishes academic paper analyzing why the economics discipline is insular and why its practioners display a "sense of authority and entitlement"
Home Depot Analysis
Are Millennials Shunning Homeownership?
What's happening on the Chinese stock market?
Iran's economy is far more diverse than that of most oil producers
Algorithmic Trading vs Mass Psychology
Fourth industrial revolution set to benefit richest, UBS report says
Ratings Agencies Still Coming Up Short, Years After Crisis
S&amp;P Dow Jones' Howard Silverblatt says $3.2 trillion wiped off global stocks amid China, oil worries
Martin Shkreli Threatens Ghostface Killah With A Sinister Video Message
5 States Where the Middle Class Is Being Destroyed
Electric car subsidies are hated by economists, loved by activists. Why?
Working as a Barista After College Is Not as Common as You Might Think -- "contrary to popular perception, our work reveals that most underemployed college graduates were not forced into low-skilled service jobs in the wake of the recession."
Hiking Minimum Wage an Inefficient Tool to Fight Poverty: Fed Research
It's goodbye Tigger, hello Eeyore as Osborne ditches his upbeat tone
Unwanted Piles of Corn, Soy Spur Most-Bearish Crop Outlook Ever
You're the finance minister of a country dominantly reliant on the export of petroleum. Large strides in electrical engineering has made the engines running on petroleum largely superfluous. This advance has cut the price of petroleum to one third of its previous value, what do you do
What is the effect of low oil prices on oil refineries vs drilling companies?
Gestion de patrimoine et loi Pinel
Initial capital to start one's own bank is 5m Euro. Let free market in into banking sector in UK
California Votes to Retain System That Pays Solar Users Retail Rate for Excess Power
California adds 60,400 jobs in December, one of the biggest leaps in years
How they lie to you about the economy - inflation, unemployment, deficit &amp; debt
Why I Love The Futures Markets
Visa o MasterCard Â¿Con cual te quedas?
Stockman: The markets are in store for a ‘thundering reset’
Dow tumbles 391 points amid global rout
Exports fall for 13th straight month, down 14.75% in December
Bernanke: What did you do in the currency war, Daddy?
Video Giorgio Fraccastoro Legalcommunity Energy Awards
Fed paid record $97.7B to Treasury in 2015
Why Do Americans Work So Much?: "The economist John Maynard Keynes predicted a society so prosperous that people would hardly have to work. But that isn't exactly how things have played out."
U.S. retail sales, industrial output data point to softer growth. The Commerce Department said retail sales slipped 0.1 percent after rising 0.4 percent in November. For all of 2015, retail sales rose 2.1 percent, the weakest reading since 2009, after rising 3.9 percent in 2014.
Turkey cenbank says to maintain tight policy, mum on 'simplification'
Mejor casa de apuestas online
Signals of an unsustainable future coming from Davos
Walmart to close 269 stores in U.S., South America
China’s Bumpy New Normal by Joseph E. Stiglitz
"U.S. retailers are selling roughly half as many goods (and services) as they were selling less than eight years ago. "
minecraft videos
Brent crude oil price drops to new low of $32 a barrel as US output rises
When you read (as I did today) that Australian shares lost $33 billion, what has happened to that money? Did it physically exist in the first place?
We Have Officially Run Out Of Greater Fools
Russia and Saudi Arabia Bet on Risky Oil IPOs
Millennials Infographic
Hypothetical analysis: How much should Coldplay pay to play the Super Bowl halftime show?
The Markets Are Backing Central Bankers Into a Corner
On the Canadian economy: the “real” problem
Bullion Market-Intraday Tips for Tomorrow-Trading Tips-Best Trading Tips
The Stock Market Is Not The Economy
Oil falls 4 percent after Iraq supply adds to glut
Cost of Developing a New Drug -- Main Finding: The estimated average pre-tax industry cost per new prescription drug approval (inclusive of failures and capital costs) is $2,558 million. (.pdf)
Forecast sees big plunge in Treasury yields
Sai Proficient- Crude Oil Call- MCX Commodity- HNI Tips
Forex Signals-Forex Trading Signals- Sap Forex
When Even The Wall Street Journal Calls Out the USTR's Misleading Propaganda About the TPP
The Guardian view on Marks &amp; Spencer: challenge of the demand for choice | Editorial
6 Factors That Point to Global Recession in 2016
How Learning Economics Makes You Antisocial
Failures Of The American Education System.
Wall Street in panic: Dow Jones, S&amp;P 500 plunge 3 percent as oil prices fall
The Citadel Is Breached: Congress Taps the Fed for Infrastructure Funding
LSE: The Effect of Trade Liberalization on Firm-Level Profits: An Event-Study Approach (PDF)
NYT Opinion: A Progressive Way to Replace Corporate Taxes
New UK trade deficit figure prompts alarm as exports fall
Global Stock Markets Off to Worst Start in History [Chart]
Pollution and the Power of the Free Market
EA Stock Forecast: EA Stock Forecast: UEFA Euro 2016 and Mobile Gaming are Long-term Tailwinds
How and to what extent should shared market economy be taken into account in defining the relevant market for the purpose of EU competition law?
In your opinion, fellow economy-heads, what will be the cause of the next crash?
Bank of Japan introduces negative interest policy
Options Volatility Trading
Sai Proficient- Terms and Conditions-Stock Market
$1 trillion erased from stocks so far in 2016 » The Event Chronicle
If we can afford our current welfare system, we can afford basic income
How Stories Drive the Stock Market
Will driverless cars mean the end of auto insurance? Driverless cars could mean a huge downsizing of the auto insurance industry, as the frequency of accidents declines and liability shifts from the driver to the vehicle’s software or automaker.
Deflation on the doorstep - are central banks playing hangman with the economy?
Markets, policy and economic immorality
Equity Tips- Sai Proficient- Equity Market
America’s Path To Prosperity: Bailout Oil &amp; Gas Companies
U.S. stock market drops, ending its worst week since 2011
"Characterizing Wall Street as an industry run on 'greed, fraud, dishonesty and arrogance,' Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders pledged to break up the country's biggest financial firms within a year and limit banking fees placed on consumers, should he become president"
Venezuela leader allows the Central Bank to withhold data if it deems its publication a threat to national security or economic stability
The cost of overconfidence
The Pros and Cons of GE's Move to Boston
Baltic Dry Index implodes to record low levels, cruising past 2008 lows
Renault shares plunge on factory raids by police
Sony Corp said it will buy Israeli chipmaker Altair Semiconductor for $212 million, stepping up its investment in chip technology after strong sales of camera sensors in the last few years helped turn around the business.
The US economy may be stalling out
January 2016 Stock Picking Contest is now Open!
China's economy has been slowing down for years — but it's still growing like it's 2007
Franc Key to Swiss Economy in 2016, Central Banker Says
The Fed's Brave New Interest Rate World
The Dow recorded its worst 4-day start to a year in more than a century
The Last 16 Times This Happened There Was A Recession
If the world economy was crashing, how long before I'd be aware of it?
Yanis Varoufakis' special report on Greece: "Welcome to the eye of the storm"
Saudi Arabia's Secret Holdings of U.S. Debt Are Suddenly a Big Deal
Apple Could Jump 50% Ahead of iPhone 7 Launch
The CEO of Canada's largest drug company has temporarily stepped down to go on medical leave after being hospitalized with pneumonia.
Pay attention to long-term debt cycle
A flare-up in the global currency war is looming, as a resurgent yen and euro threaten to give policy makers in Japan and Europe an incentive to add monetary stimulus
Big banks brace for oil loans to implode
Apple sees first sales dip in more than a decade
The Gaming Community Can Boost Amazon Prime Subscriptions
Goldman’s near-wipeout of Q4 profit met with shrug
Russia's GDP falls 3.7% as sanctions and low oil price take effect
Australia TPP Forum explains the Devil in the Details of the 6,000 page 'trade' treaty
Benjamin looks old next to 2.5g of Gold
China’s slowdown, financial mayhem cast long shadow across world
Stock Market Broker- Sai Proficient- Equity Tips
Tesla Can Succeed Against The Chevrolet Bolt
America, Your Credit Rating Stinks
Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates was a 'close call'
Hillary Takes A Break From Campaigning For Finance Industry Fundraiser
Study: The Strongest Evidence Yet That Abudant Parking Causes More Driving
Goldman Sachs To Pay $5 Billion In Mortgage Settlement Stemming From It's Sale of Shoddy Mortgages Leading Up to the Housing Bubble
U.S. economy only grows 0.7% in fourth quarter last year
» 10 Richest People in the World
Futures and Options-Intraday Tips-Positional Tips
"How to Grow" by Kenneth Arrow
Cameron too close to Google, say critics, after £130m tax deal
Sixth broker found not guilty in Libor fraud trial
RJio to raise Rs 15,000 cr in India's second largest rights issue
Commodity Research Tips For Your Investment
Sai Proficient -Equity Tips - Equity Market
Intraday share tips for tomorrow trading session
Australian shares follow global lead with 1% fall as dollar also dips
Mideast Stocks Plummet as Iran Plans to Boost Crude Exports
Malaysia's top prosecutor has cleared Prime Minister Najib Razak of corruption in a long-running financial scandal that has gripped the nation.
281,000 of the 292,000 Jobs Created in December Were a "Seasonal Adjustment"
Solar Is Proving Its National Lobbying Strength. Should It Be Used to Promote a Carbon Tax?
Job openings rise to 5.43 million in November
These stocks would have made you a big winner in a brutal week
No one stays in the Top 1% for long
Intellectual property and the decline of the U.S. labor share
Lloyds under investigation by FCA over possible market rigging
China's total debt is about $28 Trillion - about *half of the total world's debt*
Is the rise of the U.S. dollar to blame for a bad economy right now?
What Exactly Putin Had to Say on Communism (x-post /r/BritishCommunists)
Sai Proficient-Contact Detail-Stock Market
Miami’s Coconut Grove Grows from Birkenstocks to Billionaires
The End-Game of Debt-Fueled “Growth”
Behind the puzzle of why companies aren’t firing
[economy] My name is Jessica! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
TPP would generate net losses of GDP in the United States and Japan.
Capitalism under the spotlight: six must read books
California cranks out new businesses and jobs despite criticism -- California has spawned new businesses at one of the fastest rates in the nation over the last decade, and faster than the U.S. economy overall
UK house prices rose 9.5% last year in largest hike since 2006, says Halifax
Stiglitz Says China Slowdown Gradual, Not Cataclysmic
Monthly economic database posted, available at no charge at www.morethanbrics.com
Shale Oil Boom to Doom?
3 reasons the economy boomed in 2015
A New Record: Goldman Stopped Out On 3 Of Its 6 "Top Trades For 2016" Just 3 Weeks Into The Year
UK new car sales set to reach all-time high
Can MSFT Reach Their Tablet Goal
I saw someone post this on reddit. It's a graph of the supposed effects or implications of bernie sander's methods, and I saw a wall of arguments talking about tax, generally people being butt-hurt about getting their taxes raised, or that it was bad enough to begin with.
rediscovered this article about How to teach basic econ.
Argentine finance minister says plans IMF reviews from this year
Wealth of richest 1% 'equal to other 99%'
After a Strong Start in 2016, Gold Prices Fell For the Weekend
Has the next U.S. recession already arrived?
When Deliberation Isn’t Smart. Why We Should Incentivize Gut Feelings
TPP Trade Deal Will Cost US 448,000 Jobs, Say Researchers
World faces wave of epic debt defaults, fears central bank veteran - Situation worse than it was in 2007, says chairman of the OECD's review committee.
Fundamental Analysis of the Futures Markets
Sai Proficient- Equity Tips- Stock Market Tips
Sap Forex- Forex Signals- Forex Trading Signals-Forex Signals Company
What Economic Policy For The Euro Area?
Germany still favors European solution on refugees after Austrian decision
U.S. Companies Planning Similar Pay Raises for 2016, Towers Watson Survey Finds. Companies giving their best performers the largest raises
Investing in high yeild corporate bond funds
Dow Tumbles 391 Points Amid World-Wide Rout
PRI: China’s stock markets are plummeting, but that’s only part of the story
Study of social psychologists suggests anywhere from a 14 to 314:1 left vs right leaning bias of membership. What about economics?
US created 292,000 jobs in Dec vs 200,000 est; unemployment rate at 5.0%
The Fantasy And The Reality Of China's Economic Rebalancing
Are All Lotteries Regressive? Evidence from the Powerball
One unintended consequence of a low-interest macro environment: It is harder to retire
Why Robots Mean Interest Rates Could Go Even Lower In The Future
Silicon Valley Braces Itself For a Fall: 'There'll Be a lot of Blood'
1 Thanks, Obama: Highest Earners’ Tax Rates Rose Sharply in 2013
Canada's Real Estate Problem
Profit warnings reach highest level since recession
Sap Forex-Complaints Policy-Our Details
This is Why Junk Bonds Will Sink Stocks: Moody’s
Social Security Fund Loses Money in 2015 (First time since 1983)
Base Metals Hni-Base Metal Tips-Free MCX Tips
The resolution of the Bitcoin experiment
Sai Proficient- Stock Market - Trading Tips
China fourth-quarter growth weakest since 2009 as policy misstep fears grow
Commodity Tips is Hub for Get Success in Investment Business
Five Simple Rules for Online Trading Success
Govt may announce new interest rates on small savings schemes soon
Book Review: Rise Of The Robots
DDD stock forecast: Shorting 3D Systems can Still Reap 40% Profits
Indian Economy : BIZBILLA : Free Download &amp;amp; Streaming : Internet Archive
Sai Proficient-Stock Market- Trading tips
Global stocks plunge amid fears of a new financial crisis
George Osborne’s ‘cocktail of threats’ will leave us with a hangover | John McDonnell
China stocks recover from plunge as nerves settle
