Newbie - Trying to Emulate N64 Multiplayer
Tool to assist with setting up Emulation Station
Do GBA games look better emulated on a 1080p phone or does it not matter?
Problems with M64Py inputs
Gpd xd from gearbest
8bitdo sfc30 wii sync issue
Visual Boy Advance no longer working on Mac (with El Capitan)
Running PCSX2 (or any PS2 emulator) on El Capitan (10.11.2)
FFX Iternational issue in PCSX2
Do DS games work perfectly on the Nintendo ds emulator?
What is the first emulator you ever used? How do you remember it going?
higan v097 released
Dolphin &gt; Official Twilight Princess
SNES, GBA, Nintendo 64 emul gameplay-GPD XD
Naruto Storm 2 : Sasuke vs Itachi in RPCS3
PS2 emulation for windows tablets?
How Do I Completely Remove SCP From My PC?
Dolphin 3.5 Pokemon Colosseum: No save option
Setting Up NetPlay?
Best emulators for Nvidia shield tv?
Can the "free for personal use" watermark be disabled in the free version of Genymotion?
Playing in mud
Lakka &amp; Wii U Gamecube Adapter
Defining keys in FBA and Kaillera setup for joined player (Player 2)
[PCSX2] Can you migrate settings from one version to another?
Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! Biggest in the world service for sseex!! ID:alolagandlaoantaitainaal
3DS Emulator for PC
Just found a good emulation website.
Would it be possible to mount an iso onto a disc and then use that disc in a real console?
Reicast question
What's the best N64 emulator for Mac OSX? I've seen lots of people having problems with Mupen64 and Sixtyforce
Graphical issues in PJ64
Considering a GPD XD, but I've got a few questions...
Cleaned up my PC, now Xenoblade is behaving strange, and I'm at my wits' end here.
Why N64 emulation is hard:
Watch a guy program an N64 in Rust from scratch! Ferris Makes Emulators Ep.001 - The Journey Begins
Retroarch Mednafen PSX crash on start - please help
Games running in slow motion on PCSX2
DraStic Android Start Game
Question that I've been meaning to ask about fast forwarding
How to Import Game to Higan Library
PSA: Bluetooth Stack Switcher. It's a thing
Best Portable Handheld "Emulator"?
A fork of TattieBogle's X360 controller driver for OS X adds tons of improvements, including support for wired Xbox One controllers!
[emulation] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
RetroArch crashes when try to boot up the PlayStation emulator.
N64 emulator for Android- Shadows of the Empire, Specifically?
Best settings for PCSX2 1.4
Hybrid wiimote mouse detection shaky
PS2 Emulators multiplayer/online
Retroarch &amp; Steam Link
Citra 3DS Emulator - Kingdom Hearts 3DS Ingame! cro + audio wip
I bought a connector for my xbone controller and phone. Where can I find the USB/BT Joystick Center app?
[Question] Looking To Change From Bluestacks To Droid4x
Any emulation options for 2ds
Dual Shock 4 to Android connection issues
Would you guys recomment the Xbox One controller? I use retroarch + emulationstation.
My GPD XD Review
Had a question about settings for PCSX2 and my hardware - delete if not allowed.
[Question] Working to configure an Xbone controller with Dolphin
Problem connecting an 8bitdo NES30 controller to a SONY SmartTV
Help me set up my emulator! (ePSXe 1.9.25)
Steins;Gate 0 on RPCS3
Valkyrie Profile 2 「Evolver Boss」 1080p
Does Anyone Know If These Have Been Dumped Yet? They Seem Obscure And I Can't Seem To Find Them On Emuparadise.
Playing Paper Mario: TTYD and Having trouble using Bobbery's "Bomb" attack
Are there any good Xbox 360 emulators for PC?
Citra.exe doesn't want to launch for me, but citra-qt.exe does.
Any new words on 3DS emulating?
Newbie, Need some help with Lakka/RetroArch
Coraline Nds Super LAG
Played No More Heroes on Dolphin and can't 'swing' with mouse? Try this.
GPD XD - PSP Tekken 5, Daxter, FlatOut gameplay (ppsspp)
Best GB/C Emulator?
Best nulldc settings or alternatives?
Question about GC adapter and Dolphin
need an emulator
New to Retropie. I have some questions about roms.
Project 64 - Xbox 360 Controller sensitivity issue (solved)
Kodi/BigBox/SteamBig Picture Front-End Showcase
WARNING: GPD XD MIGHT BREAK ON YOU BECAUSE ITS A PIECE OF JUNK
EPSXE Controller Config Help
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my asa
can my computer run dolphin gamecube emulator?
Emulators on Nintendo DS Lite
[Question] super noob, how do i download pcsx2 on my iMac?
VBA-M Will Not Play Rom
Is it possible to disable BGM in PCSX2?
OS X El Capitan - PPSSPP, Monster Hunter Portable 3rd stability help
Just played F-Zero GX with my Steam Controller... [X-Post from r/SteamController]
Looking for a shader similar to Blargg NTSC for Higan, or how to tweak one
SNES9X Gamepad works fine in configuration but not at all in games
Dolphin would run great on the newer iOS devices wouldn't it?
Having trouble getting FFT on ePSXe to look better.
M.I.J.E.T.'s video game translations
Super Mario Sunshine , Remastered (HD Textures,DOF,AO,Bloom,ssao) using ...
PCSX2: software or OGL renderer?
Nestopia UE 1.47 Released - Adds OS X support
Mario &amp; Luigi Paper Jam Boot in Citra Video
[Dolphin] Donkey Kong Country Returns character flicker
i need help with mame pls
Having trouble configuring Xbox One controller for project 64.
RetroArch Game Adding Trouble
PCSX2 1.4 Released !
NBA Hangtime (Retroarch)
Mupen64 plus how to transfer over saves and then load them?
Dolphin and retroarch
mGBA just committed the ability to choose custom paths for saves, screenshots, and patches
VBA-M Can't Reduce Screen size
Help using mednafen for ps1
GBA flash cart help
MVC2 Naomi Rom.
Kodi/BigBox/SteamBig Picture Fron-End Showcase
Cheat Codes for iNDS
Dolphin Netplay: Is there a way to assign multiple people to the same port?
[Help] Project 64 isn't using the memory card anymore
Is a PC game emulator possible?
RetroArch Mednafen Core Saves
Project64 w/ Glide64 vs. Dolphin w/ Ishiiruka (comparison tested with Paper Mario)
higan v097 released
RPCS3 DX12 LLVM l Naruto Storm, Naruto vs Shukaku
My ex - whore, nickname: Samantha118. Search can be registered
Best GBA, PS2, Gamecube, SNES emulators for windows?
Amiga Emulator and instructions
Does Desmume still have the black "speckle" problem?
GBA emulator for Mac?
joy0_anl3_key- issue when trying to map controls on DEmul [Dreamcast]?
Project64 detects two controllers as one?
I just bricked!
Playstation 1 emulation PC build
Games that will run smoothly on a slower PC?
A small, easily portable (not handheld) emulation machine that can run N64 and PS1 in 1080p?
This question might sound dumb but is the most recent Project 64 git worth replacing 1.6 by now?
Emulador de Nintendo Recomendado | Android | GPD XD [2016]
I am so blue I'm greener than purple
A game to test a ps2 emulator? Anything just to see if the frame rate is okay.
Dolphin 4.0-7840 crashed on startup when I have an ISO path selected
Psexe Playstation 1 CONTROLLER HELP PLEASE!!!
Where can I find old hong kong bootleg discs for playstation and saturn?
Anyone know how to emulate dreamcast games on android?
Cheapo Chinese SNES Controllers for a few bucks - anyone tried them before?
Issues with Audio and Lag in VBA-M
Good all-in-one frontend?
Found a sega genesis emulator
Icons for playing gamecube/wii games on steam?
Which PS1 emulator for Android is the better one?
Dolphin Wii saves over Netplay?
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my ligo
Help! Better DS3 not fully recognizing generic brand controller
Could use some first time help setting up!
Pifall the Lost expiditition
Anyone ever played MGS2 on PCSX2 recently? Does it work well?
Anyone ever played MGS2 on PCSX2 recently? Does it work well?
Citra 3DS Emulator - Mario&amp;Luigi: Dream Team Bros 3DS Ingame! cro + audio
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..lga
[PCSX2] I came across one of my old videos... things have improved significantly.
[emulation] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:solnatondalal
PCSX2 with steam link?
Citra CRO fragment lighting download, Mario Kart 7, Nsmb 2 and Kirby TD playable.
Weekly question thread (2016-01-18 to 2016-01-24)
Adult WebSite For Sex! Find Your Love to night! my sad
Forgot this game existed, 1080p does this game justice
Using n64 controllers on a macbook.
Should I use a PSP, PSP Go, or Xperia play as my portable emulation machine?
Final Burn Alpha 64/XP and Windows 10 question
GPD XD &amp; Conker's Bad Fur Day
[Question about savefiles] Will I get problems with this in mednafen?
Anybody have Champions of Norrath working?
Question about transferring a wii save file to dolphin
Low FPS and low CPU usage on new Versions
Retroarch help
Why is that after so many years PCSX2 still cannot emulate games like Jak, Ratchet and Ace Combat properly. Any plans to improve their emulation?
windows 95 running on a new nintendo 3ds
Where can I download a working GameBoy Advance emulator for PC?
Trying to set up PCSX2 1.4.0, getting run time error, 'failed to init XAudio2 engine. XA2 may not be available on your system, Ensure that you have latest DirectX runtimes installed. Error Details (code 0x80040154)
Just started getting into emulation, and am having trouble deciding which version of Dolphin to download.
Having trouble. Epsxe, Ipega 9028, android. Either no sticks or no buttons.
Is there a Kaizo Mario for Mac?
Any help appreciated - sorting arcade roms by type
Nvidia shield tablet or tv?
Frontends besides OpenEmu?
Help setting up fPSXe on Note 5?
I'm wоrking оn thе adult sitе, want tо mееt mе? Thеn sign up and find mе.
How do I launch Project64 1.6 from Steam
hello I have a question regarding whether ps2 emu will work on my device
[PCSX2]Help me /r/emulation, I'm tearing my hair out!
Steam Link receives native port of MAME from Valve Software via their SteamLink SDK. Are any more native SteamLink emulators being worked on.
I need help building an emulator box
(Help) How do you activate save states for ePSXe for Android?
SNES emulation help
Using a PS1 BIOS image with PCSX-R causes the game to not respond to controller input (Windows 10).
What are the laws with using ROMS?
Relegendable gamepad buttons?
How to technically Identify a NES ROM?
I did a (amateur) video review of a surprisingly good bluetooth controller that is usable on PC, IOS and Android. (Gamesir)
Saints Row Undercover PPSSPP with Commentary
Volition just released the ISO of Saints Row Undercover so you can play the cancelled game in an emulator(x-repost r/games )
Will there be any Emulationstation updates in the future?
RPCS3 - Wolf of the Battlefield Commando 3
Animal crossing keep time?
1964 Loses save on reset???
Running CD-I in MESS through Retroarch
Help with ppsspp on android...
[Help] Using ppsspp with RetroArch results in a missing file error. Except the file IS there.
Problems emulating Wind Waker through Ishiiruka Dolphin - please help!
Pcxs2: Pal vs ntsc errors.
[PCSX2] I came across one of my old games... things have improved significantly.
How do I fix this problem?
Troubleshooting Dolphin 4.0.2 Gamecube Adapter Connection...
Ootake on Steam
Dolphin mouse look help
Is there any advantage in using a systems own bios over an emulators own high-level bios?
Higan: importing old srm save files
For how long is legal to keep ROMs?
Ice 1.0.0 released [Compiled EXE] (Use Steam to launch ROMs)
What crucial step might have I missed to get the latest build of Citra to run Zelda Link Between Worlds?
Pokemon Yellow on my Watch
[emulation] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
Project Realism-Twilight Princess Texture Pack
Melee Graphical Glitch
Xenia problems?
no$gba 2.8a starting in Full screen
Pcsxr compatibility?
[Question] Is it possible to force Mario Kart Wii into "30fps mode" when playing Single Player on Dolphin?
Clock Tower (1996) Panic Mode won't work no matter the emulator
ultrahle + glide wrapper + thumbdrive
How to tell if slowdown is due to the emulator or the actual game?
Games that benefit the most from upscaling?
Mupen 64+ sur GPD XD
Project 64 full-screen issues when extending desktop to TV.
Dolphin and Microstuttering: an Explanation
All GameCube games - part 3 (covering games from F to J)
Original Xbox emulator?
Is there an easy and safe way to play old multiplayer games (like N64 games) online against people?
Can the official GameCube Controller Adapter for Wii U be used in PJ64?
Has portable PS2 emulation become more common?
Which NES emulator has the most extensive CRT emulation options? (scanlines, bleeding, shadow-masking, etc)
Steam controller with No$GBA
PPSSPP sur GPD XD [Perf]
[emulation] My name is Raven! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
How to install a GBA rom hack on Happy Chick?
Ratchet and Clank on pcsx2. Need to know the BEST settings for fps
Cheats on mGBA for 3DS?
Looking for a Gameboy homebrew demos for emulator development.
[Question] Getting this error message every time I try to open Melee Zips? (I can't get into the .rar files to access the iso.]
YES! This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know...
Does anyone know what this thing is, or what operating system is runs on? ("PMP V" on AliExpress)
Zelda A Link Between Worlds Gameplay Citra Emulator
PS2 BIOS rom1 module not found
ePSXe runnig cdrom from command line?
NullDC has Stopped Working error
Save State Help (ePSXe)
What is the best emulator to use for N64 with online multiplayer.
Is there a way to use existing save files on Drastic?
I keep encountering a problem with netplay on any emulator.
Xbox 360/One or PS3/4 controller for emulation and general pc gaming?
GPD plans to launch gaming handheld PC with Windows 10, Cherry Trail CPU
Is it strange that, before the playstation came out, I thought most console games were made in the U.S?
Dolphin Emulator - Dolphin Progress Report: December 2015
DEmul v0.7 Alpha Test - The King Of Fighters XI -
XQEMU- Outrun 2 (J) IN-GAME (4x speed)
[Dolphin] Character flickers in Donkey Kong Country 2
Metroid Prime crashing on Dolphin.
Ice Help, Won't Scan Subfolders
laptop specs for n64 emulation?
2+ Player multiplayer game suggestions?
Problems with PS2 Controller Buttons
Retropie vs. GPD XD
What does it take to get "Recommended" by the Emulation General Wiki?
Which emulator should I develop for a school project?
Windows GUI-based utilty for retroarch: retroInvader
Xenia - Red Dead Redemption Ingame (Kinda)
RPCS3 DX12 LLVM l Naruto Storm Gameplay Playable 20-25 fps
PCSX2 now has a new contributor making significant improvements:
3DS Emu, NEW Citra CRO fragment lighting Build: Mario Kart 7 Full Race a...
test post please ignore
ibuffalo controller playing up on my laptop
Best settings: MGS3 for PCSX2?
Help getting MGS: Twin Snakes to run smoothly
Is there a way to play Silent Hill Origins properly?
Need help setting up Dolphin
What's the best way to compress PSX and PSP images? Mostly for Android emulation.
So now that MAME includes MESS, how do I run console games?
Can someone help me reduce input lag for RetroArch?
Gregory's Horror Show on PCSX2
Can't get Dolphin FPS to get to 60FPS
XQEMU - Grand Theft Auto Vice City
XQEMU - Mafia:City of Lost Heaven (Menu only)
Smash Bros 3DS Citra Emulator Video
How do I use a wired xbox 360 controller with android?
MGS games on PC?
sure this has been asked time and time again but i couldnt find any info on google... how do i install psxs2 (or any ps2 emulator) on windows 10?
Dolphin - WAD Files
How well does Kega Fusion hold up nowadays?
Why is Ratchet &amp; Clank so hard to emulate? (PCSX2)
PS1 games that are "made" for keyboard playing?
Why doesn't EmulationStation recognize my MadCatz gamepad?
Choppy cutscene sound in MGS 2
Steam controller and Saturn Pad through Adapter Retroarch?
Any Windows emulators with touch screen functionality?
Mario Kart 64 HD Remastered (HD Textures,Matso DOF,AO,Bloom,ssao etc) us...
replaying inputs into emulator
Scott Pilgrim Vs the World
No audio during cutscenes in YAKUZA 1 PCSX2
Would I be able to run Metroid Prime on Dolphin with these specs?
Textures Packs won't load in Dolphin, please help!
Can't seem to get Ice working by following the instructions on the site...
Project 64 2.2.0.3 Question
M64py and Emulation Station issue
Open executables under Emulation Station or other libretro based FEs
XQEMU - Grand Theft Auto III
GPD XD Android Portable Game Console Review - with IPS Display - Great for Retro Emulation
Mac Emulation for GC Wii PSX
[Need help Please
Upgrading Xperia PLAY for emulation
About accuracy...
Kim K Who? This Woman's ASSets Have EVERYONE Talking!
How does Higan or SNES 9X way up against Wii U virtual console SNES Emulation. Does the Wii U just use the same Emulater for each SNES game or does it adjust how it runs for each game?
PCSX2 1.4.0 and progress report released.
All GameCube existing games in Dolphin
Whats the best GameBoy Advance emulator for Windows with controller support?
PC controller buttons not fully working with N64 emulator?
NES MMC1 to MMC3 or 5 mapper change? What does this mean?
New Big Blue Frontend released
Help with ps4 controller on Wii Games
Question about RPCS3
Rpcs3 DX12 LLVM - Naruto S : UNS Gen - GamePlay ~30 fps
Project64 - True 64DD emulation!
[Dolphin report] Plugged In - Wii USB Support
How can I get the ROM from my copy of Mario Maker to play with cemu?
I want to use my USB SNES pad to play some Megadrive ROMS but so far I have failed
I have some problems with gpsp on my psp. In some games when a auto save comes up the emulator asks you to save whether you say yes or no he will crash and say bad jump what can i do about this?
Snes9x scanlines shader make the picture too dark
What's the coolest obscure title you've emulated lately?
Latest PCSX2 Mac build?
Getting sound but no image on Higan
PCSX2 1.4.0 Released!
guide to installing virtual console games on wii?
Anyway to get the shaders from Mednafen on to Steam ver of FF7 ??
How does the Wii U and Wii manage to achieve such high levels of accuracy when emulating N64, DS, GBA and SNES?
Simple MAME4DROID question.
PCSX2 loads a different BIOS than the one selected in when loading it in "NoDisc" mode. Inquiries about this inside.
Downsides to the GPD XD?
Progress reports
RPCS3 DX2 LLVM - NARUTO: UNS - Gameplay ~17 fps - Boss Battle
THIS is why you should use filters!
I need help with my usb n64 controller. The right diagonals don't reach the edges and it's noticeable in game.
GBA4IOS no longer works
Tekken Tag Pcsx2 - Your Setup
Issues with Wiimote in Dolphin
Is the Retro GameCube PC USB Reliable on several emulators?
What is the most accurate way of emulating the n64?
Does anyone know how well Mega Man 9 and 10 run in Dolphin for Android?
Simple MAME4DROID question.
Now that linux is running on PS4 can it be reverse engineered to make a running emulator?
Help with Dolphin Keyboard Controls
How do I assign the same function to two controller buttons in Retroarch?
What is the most popular multiplayer PS2 game currently?
Can someone help with a dolphin glitch?
Watch a guy program an N64 emulator in Rust from scratch! - Ferris Makes Emulators Ep.001 - The Journey Begins
Using databases
GC Controller Input not working on specific title (DKCountry)
How do you select a shader in Retroarch 1.3.0?
Can't get DS4 to work with PSXeven emulator - urgent craving of Crash Bandicoot
Limit max speed on VBA-M?
Looking for a legit iOS emulator
How to run an old Windows 95/98 game on either Windows 7 or Windows 10?
Best Emulator for SteamMobile?
EPSXE: Can't press triggers at the same time.
Where is the best place to get box art?
Mario &amp; Luigi: Paper Jam boots in citra /w CRO buid!
Looking to play NES and SNES games on my TV without buying an old system - how?
Which is better for my i7 4790k 4,7ghz stable (+ r9 280x msi), software mode or OGL for ZOE 1 and 2 on PCSX2?
What's the best option for portable emulation?
Dolphin Lag Issues
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer: Citra In Game
Smash Bros 3DS Full game boots in Citra w/ CRO Build
Language problems using Project64 emulator
Weekly question thread (2016-01-25 to 2016-01-31)
Need some help with SCP for connecting my DS3 to my PC via bluetooth. Is this the right place?
Help for a newbie with VBA
Current State of Windows HIDAPI and Wiimotes
Exploring Chromehounds (x360) gamefiles?
Can you use Guitar Hero drums in Dolphin?
Would you guys recommend the GPD XD?
MAME 0.170 Released
Just finished my Nintendo Raspberry Pi Emulator with Famicom inspired colors
Twilight Princess Textures (Death Mountain only)
MP5 gameplayer(can run GB, GBC, NES) possible to run SNES, GBA and MAME?
Where can I get a blank .raw or .gcp Gamecube Memory Card file for Dolphin 3.0?
Want to get into emulation scared of viruses
An issue with Dolphin
sega 32X on retroarch 3DS
Project64 - Playable 64DD emulation
Updating to newest versions?
Neo.Emu sur GPD XD
"Die by the Sword" in PCEM
Something called an "Emulator"
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Gates To Infinity running on Citra emulator!
Majoras Mask 3D: Citra In-game Video
What's the cheapest option to play homebrew games on an SNES, and what are the limitations?
Higan, jittery scrolling
xbox one controller z axis (L trigger) and z rotation (R trigger) problems.
What's the best PSP for emulation?
I need an expert with Dolphin / connecting with emulators to help me with my issue.
Weekly question thread (2016-01-04 to 2016-01-10)
uoYabause, the Saturn emulator for mobile devices, now plays a few games at 50-60 fps! The Emu still needs people to report in regressions and such, join in!
RetroArch 1.3 released
Corrupted Hyper Metroid file
Visual Boy Advance not recognising .sav files
Pokemon on iPhone
How to set cheats during steam overlay?
AR Code Values
Weekly question thread (2016-01-11 to 2016-01-17)
Is there a RetriPi / Emulationstation OS equivalent for a PC?
What Library Should I Use?
Help with N64 emulators
GTA 4 loading in Xenia
Xenia - Halo Reach boots to main menu
Twilight Princess: Ultra Settings
Do many emulators enable you to keep the game from flashing?
Rpcs3 DX12 (LLVM) - Naruto S: UNS Generations - GamePlay ~20 fps
How do I turn off ps3 controller with Scp?
How to speed up mGBA?
EPSXE and pCSX-r don't work on windows 10x64 pro
PC controller buttons not fully working with N64 emulator?
Building my dad a "retro" box for his birthday, how would a latest gen NUC perform?
Full screen D3D Mame over Steam Link?
Help with Dolphinbar needed
Is there any way to play Star Fox 64 with mouse and keyboard, with the mouse as the analog stick?
Citra Emulator is now not only booting Pokemon X/Y but running it beyond the title screen
The Mayan Adventure - Gameplay (MD.EMU, GPD XD) (ENG)
GPD XD: How to play multiplayer with 2 wireless controllers on TV
Kim K Who? This Woman's ASSets Have EVERYONE Talking!
Can someone help me with this ? ( PCSX2 )
Mupen64 360 won't load roms.
Dolphin Black Screen? (GC)
Any PS1 emulator that runs on mac 10.6.8?
Where do I get the GPD XD?
Revo 3610 Emulation Machine
RetroArch android, Xperia, slow menus?
NES Emulation choppy/slow scrolling games
The citra emulator
GPD XD Android Gaming Handheld Review Test English
Valkyrie Profile 2 「Hydra Boss」 1080p
Retroarch PS3 controller?
Why does PCSX2 have to be so fucking difficult to set up?
Best emulator for MGS1?
Super Smash Bros Melee no netplay option
I'm looking to play a numbet of classic games from NES Gba Dreamcast PS1 which has the easiest emulator.
Is emuparadise safe to download roms from?
In search of Emulators running android but shaped like their respective systems
What is the best N64 emulator for the original Xbox?
How to have the best emulation machine I can.
Saints Row Undercover PSP PPSSPP 1080p 60fps
Citra - Pokemon ORAS with audio
Can emulators developers receive "cease and desist" orders? Does the development of emulators infringe on copyright?
Bought a Xbox 360 controller to use on my Windows 10 machine for emulators. A few aren't seeing the dpad. Any fix for this?
Does anybody have any experience here using cyberpad (Kaillera) with Epsxe to do netplay?
Question regarding Null Dc and Soul Reaver
Lakka PC Not Showing on Network
Mame/Hlsl speeds up to 1100% from SSD?
[CS-GO] (Kill Montage) 1080p60FPS
RPCS3 0.0.0.6 GIT - WANGAN MIDNIGHT (In-Game) 4X Speed and Realtime.
Is there a way to emulate this game?
Xenia running Windows 95
Do you think this area in Super Metroid is an Indiana Jones reference?
Trying to find a Portable Emulation / Tablet Solution: Looking for suggestions and thoughts
Nintendo 64 Emulator?
Help me please!
Motionjoy isnt recognizing PS3 Rock Candy Controller
How do I use a ps3 dualshock controller with ePSXe?
Princess Maker 2 on DOSBOX won't save
Audio Problems with Dolphin Emulator and LoZ: Twilight Princess
DMC3:SE Missing Hud?: PCSX2
Mayflash Dolphinbar IR Tracking Issues
Killer7 on Dolphin: 60fps possible? Black bars at the sides?
Anti-piracy on Pokemon White.
CEN64: MGC 2011 Demo :)
Cemu 1.3.1 WIP Screenshots
Pokémon X/Y Wild Pokémon Battle in Citra 3DS emulator
3D Nes Emulator Under Development
Insurgency Quick 9 Kill Streak With SKS 1080p60FPS
Majoras Mask 3D In-Game: Citra Emulator (Save needed)
Local distributor for GPD XD
Good J2ME emulator for Android 4+?
VBA-M Will Not Run Any Rom on Mac
Problem with Wiimotes on Dolphin 4.0+ on Mac
Avoid BlueStacks
How to deal with "Protocol Incompatible"?
What games do you hope will one day be translated into your mother tongue?
Portable Emulation Station setup Win x64
Question about Steam and ICE
Raspberry Pi 2 Megadrive (Genesis) Custom Console [Cross post from r/RetroPie]
Legend of Triforce Heroes boots in Citra /w CRO Build
Can the "free for personal use" watermark be disabled in the free version of Genymotion?
Bonus songs on Guitar Hero 3 dolphin?
Is droid4x safe to use
DeSmuME Sanic Edition
Where to find VBA and pokemon roms?
Has anyone gotten the reicast retroarch core to work on a pc?
Setup for Spy Hunter in MAME
How do I get Game Genie/Pro Action Reply codes to work with Higan?
Can I Change Where Higan Stores and Reads Its Save Data?
Hacky multithreaded version of CEN64
Any emulator besides Dolphin that supports texture dumping/loading?
[Test] PPSSPP sur GPD XD [Perf]
Help request: Transfer Pokémon from SoulSilver to Black Version on Desmume without wifi
PS Vita/PS3 emulator?
ePSXe Playstation 1 HELP! Controller ISSUE!!
Any clue to how speed FPS up on PCSX2 1.2.1?
Lunar 2 - Eternal Blue Complete graphical glitch (ePSXe)
