What can you make out of a hair dryer, soda can, and a toilet paper roll?
How long is too long at a start up?
CAD files of classic aircraft
Bi-Weekly ADVICE Mega-Thread (Jan 18 2016)
Good Internal Combustion books?
How to find an Industrial Engineering job ?
How do I show my work?
Looking for irreversible thermochromic (temperature sensitive colour change) pigments to determine process temperatures in extrusion.
Anyone having competitions or a hobby of building ultra realistic robot cats and dogs?
Self-locking worms and worm gears
Question: How do I read Civil Engineer's Inverts?
This pump question is bugging me...
Online B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering - IMTS Institute
Crazy homemade tin can twin stirling engine!
[engineering] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:aosians
In my fourth year of ME. No idea what I want to do.HALP.
Koenigsegg demonstrating their new cam-less valve technology: Freevalve.
Embracing Innovation: The Trouble With Traditional Check Ring Valves
[engineering] My name is Laura! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Tech Tales - The Calculator Wars (video)
5 Reasons to integrate Value Engineering in the product development cycle
Mechanical or Civil?
Does anyone have any information or advice on scholarships/bursaries for doing an engineering degree?(UK)
How does one go about finding a job at a startup?
What role does cost factor plays in test automation?
Water Transport System
Ideas for a project
Your thoughts on aerospace engineer layoffs at General Electric (just announced)
Casting Real Life MacGyver for Major Cable Network!
Suggestions for unique packaging problem
Anyone maybe knows what book/website these drawings are from?
Engineers who pursued careers outside of engineering, what do you do?
Blue Origin Launches reused rocket and lands it again!
Long-Term Protection for Wind Turbines bearing and Gear part1|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Mу еx-whоrе nicknаmе BunnуHоnеу, оnlу rеgistrеd аnd hеrе..
What are Contract Engineering Services
KEAM 2016 Application form
A new way to test whether your friend is good liar or bad liar.
Let us talk and debate about the worst engineering disaster in the whole of human history - The WTC7 Collapse
Livro Microgames
Is this gas temperature increase realistic?
Marine enginnering
How much heat does a light bulb transfer into a room?
Shane Lowney: Mechanical Engineer on Issuu
how to Identifying and correcting the causes of bearing failure?|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
“GATE Admit card 2016” – Download Here
How much in taxes do U.S tech companies pay yearly?
What engineering major would best for someone pursuing gun making?
Are you a SPEEA member?
Any good blogs on engineering?
Tobey is studying harder for the upcoming SE Exam than I am.
Finite elements: What's with all the different kinds of elements? Which elements are "better" than others?
Coop Experiences?
How do engineers measure or calculate the contact patch of a tire?
[META] You can't read the "AEROSPACE" tags due to the text and flair color
Don't upvote, I know nickel is ferromagnetic, but would a zinc-nickel plating still retain this property?
So my High school engineering class made a Tennis ball launcher tell me what you think
Need pointers to choose project on DFM
Will working in a non-engineering role for 2 or 3 months after graduation hurt my career?
EIT but not graduated?
Please advise me on my first engineering job offer as a recent graduate.
What should I do for a living? (master degree in space + 6 languages)
Touch screens for terminals in a factory environment?
Looking for an electrical connector
Control loops on non real time systems
Prototype CNC Milling Center Recommendations?
FE Mechanical Exam
Tubing pressure rating for vacuum
Internal Taper Measurement
What are these fasteners really called? "T-Anchor Fastener"?
Video of FEA vs. Physical Testing in a non-linear problem
Any good resources to learn about Process Control?
How much of this is real science and engineering and how much is hype? It seems unreal.
Karnataka CET 2016 Notification, Eligibility &amp; Dates
Doubler Plate Design for Ship
Some guy posting on r/engineeringstudents graduated in 2000 and is still unemployed. Thought you guys could point him in the right direction.
How To Have More Uses of Electric Drills And Other Tools
Engineering Manufacturing Services EMS Industry Importance
Help with electrical machines coursework
Made an attempt at ballistic testing in ABAQUS
What material properties relate most to the flexibility of a material?
What do you use for action item trackers?
Easy true positional tolerance calculation?
Materials Scientists Make Martian Concrete | MIT Technology Review
Mechanical Principles (1930) by Ralph Steiner
Mech Eng internship at Facebook?
Best state in the US to land a civil engineering internship/job related to water resources/hydraulics/hydrology for an international grad student?
What are some good control system project ideas?
What sensor would be best for detecting a box outdoors
Social media engagement
The Wankel motor problem
What is the easiest way to detect the voltage difference between two disimliar metals.
[Mechanical] Where do you get your material properties at different temps?
Common Refrigerator Diagnostic Test-Bed
Engineers of Reddit, do any of you still do manual drafting? If so, what is your job and why does it still require manual drafting?
Factors to Think When Choosing Quality Steel Fabrication Company
A simple question about vectors
American Industrial Engineer looking to move to Berlin (or Germany in General) seeking advice.
Aerospace/Mechanical Projects
What is this gear wheel called?
Top 10 construction companies in India
how to get qaulity slewing bearings or big bearing ?party 2|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Register to "Science in the Age of Experience" | News | TEN TECH LLC
Choosing The Right Engineering Services Firm
I'd like to develop a system to produce wind energy in third world countries. Have you got any advice or suggestions?
How would you calculate rebar placement in an arch?
How to switch away from Mechanical Engineering
Need help on Product Development
What type of engineering deals with designing electric generators?
Hacking/splicing Xbox one input plug with Apple headphones
Ansys joints vs supports vs contacts. Xpost r/FEA
When you calculate heat generation from Maxwell's equation (for microwave, RF, Joule, etc heating), when is there a "1/2" out front of Q = sigma E^2 and not?
Are all NCEES practice exams the same?
Textbook / handbook suggestion for fluid dynamics with practical application examples for gas / water / air ?
Which FE Exam should I take? Does it matter?
Power regained from regenerative braking?
CMM and CMC measurement machines, what is CMC?
Engineers: What has been the most challenging and rewarding thing you've worked on so far and in what ways was it hard?
SolidWorks in industry?
Innovation comes alive - well, if you advise it a little
I need to interview an engineer!
Taking a year off to travel as a new grad, what are your thoughts on this ?
Starting my career as a R&amp;D medical device engineer on Monday looking for some words of wisdom/encouragement
http://www.tbnewswatch.com/News/379810/Newly_constructed_Nipigon_Bridge_splits_in_cold_
Should I pursue a degree in mechanical engineering?
If you're hoisting one end of an 8,000lbs object that is 12'x4'x4' and laying on it's long side, how much of that 8,000lbs are you lifting for those first six inches or so? Weight distribution is essentially even throughout.
General problem solving: how do you get all the details right?
Any ideas on where to find / use a cnc machine in NYC?
How do you estimate machine usage [Looking for advice]
Ball bearing for complex environment party 1|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
WTC Chief Electrical Design Engineer, Richard Huemenn P.E., shares his unique perspective inside the elevator shafts of the twin towers and how access to the core columns could have been gained for demolition. "An international commission should be formed to look at this in an unbiased manner."
Aesthetic Pictures of hardware and machining
Bi-Weekly CAREERS Mega-Thread [Jan 11 2016]
How to compare the performance of different heat exchangers?
Working and Internal structure of FAN Heater 2000 WATT
Doing challenging work and being happy as an Engineer.
New alloy is as strong as titanium but as light as aluminum
The best best visualization of a concept I've ever seen.
Resources for coding my own electromagnetic finite element analysis software
Solution manual for protective relaying principles and applications J. Lewis Blackburn
Help building a bridge
Gif of a Radial Engine I designed
Spacecraft protoype 3D printed from asteroid metals
Are there any adult science fairs that an engineer might like?
Moved to a new jurisdiction and am not working as an Engineer. Should I keep up my designation back home?
Structural Engineering
Cable stripping has never been easier with CableKnife
Me and some of my friends are in highschool and we recently entered a design challenge for our engineering class, take a look!
[engineering] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Gas combustion piston showing maximum expansion to the point where the piston creates a vacuum behind it and stops [OC] (X-Post /r/Physicsgifs)
What is the limit to the length of a belt?
The folks at /r/needadvice suggested I ask here - There's one step in my Meccano instructions that don't make any sense, can anyone here make sense of them?
Soar high into the sky with Aeronautical Engineering in Pune
Looking for a laptop for a mechanical engineer.
Any tips for getting a job in the states? Canadian Newgrad as of may 2016.
solvent recycling
Why are industrial devices like water meters so expensive?
AES Engineering Energy Monitor Dashboard
Can solvents be recovered by incinerating paper coated with pressure sensitive adhesives?
Question about raises / cost-of-living adjustments
Sourcing Used Vertical Turbine Pumps
How Software can Help Design bearing?|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
bearing seals meet the challenge for Improving Equipment Uptime|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
REMEDIAL ENGINEERING &amp; BUILDING DEFECTS
Kansai International Airport : World’s Longest Airport
How to automate UI testing?
Is there any type of engineering job I could get without having to go back to school?
High-growth industries outside Silicon Valley
Gear testing rig for POM gears
Does anyone here work for AECOM? How is it?
Cooling Power Performance Training? [X-post /r/ThermalPerformance for increased visibility.]
How much tetrafluoroethane is needed to cool refrigerators per square inch?
How to Compare Barrier Screws - Plastic Extrusion
Going into LRT engineering interview as an urban planner
New Traction Drive Technology
What's the coolest thing you have made?
PE exam with inconsistent background
Rolling Bearings in High-Speed Passenger Traffic party1|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
The construction of Hyperloop has finally started (Thought you guys would be interested!)
First wеb-sеrvice whеre teеnage wоman sеarch fаmiliarity thеy writе first NО PАYMENTS and оther trаsh!!!
Great video on how Thermal power plants work
Injection Molding Screw Design
I want to get into 3D printing/manufacturing. The problem is... I refuse to leave NYC. (Post from askengineers)
Intro to PCB Design Part 2 // Designing Your Schematic with KiCad
Where can I go online to look for what firms are working on construction projects throughout a city?
Current Structural Engineer considering a transition into Aerospace Engineering
Submersible plane?
Cheap Laser for homemade CNC Machine?
Looking for the proper place: factory floor design question
Mechanical Engineer, side jobs?
Moving a Concrete Slab
Book recommendation for electrical motors
Alberta court rules in favour of APEGA in human rights appeal over testing of foreign trained engineers
Master template of the very first A380 Landing gear
dogs Its not dating site, its search parthers for sex. NO PAY, NO BULLSHIT!
Injection Molding Non Return Valve
When mechanical power is converted to electrical power, is the electric power real or apparent?
Gadgets That Help Your Vehicle or Vessel Reverse Dangerous Situations
Need Advice- I'm an international aerospace undergraduate who'll be attending grad school for Mechanical Engineering in Michigan am I doing it right?
Licensed Structural Engineers, Do You Have Any Advice on Passing the SE Exam (IL)?
I need help identifying what kind of transformer this is.
Using real models to demonstrate relative torsional stiffness of frames
Get Cutting Edge Structural Engineering Solutions only at Universal Engineering
how to avoid Bearing Failure form Flaking?|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
how to Preventing Roller Bearing Failure?|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
WBJEE Application Form 2016
Would an employer look at a minor in communications (as in speech communications) as a desirable skill, along with an electrical engineering degree?
Keys things to know to become a successful Plant Engineer?
I'd take a pay hit if I take a new job; should I negotiate? Also, will I be burning bridges by taking the new job?
You guys need to start drawing up plans to pump river water into aquifers (e.g. the Ogallala). This would not only stop floods, down-river, but would recharge the aquifers.
[Discussion] What do you find 'boring' in your every day engineering.
How to be a good engineer for business
Free Cloud Based 3D CAD- OnShape
Mechanical Engineering FE Review
PE Exam Study Materials on the go
CEED Result 2016
Service where you can find a photo ex-girlfriends of people from round the world ! Anonymous registry , no pays!
CAN YOU TAKE THE FE EXAM IN ANY STATE?
How do you keep your tools and parts organized?
Are there any products that have been designed, engineered and produced with such a level of quality that their own functions got undermined?
I Wonder If Ions Emited From Spaceship Hulls Could Levitate And Propel Them
Young engineer not getting on projects, advice?
Advice on how to make a 'professional' looking block diagram??
A view inside a combustion chamber
Paramus Family Melts Snowfall Away with one-of-a-kind Geothermal/Solar snow-melt system
Which degree is a good desk job for engineering?
How do you do this? (about plastics)
I'm debating on quitting my engineering job to run my side company full time. How hard is it to get a job again if plans fail?
Looking for Engineers to Interview!
[Creo/ProE question] Is there any way to know what dimensions things are as I'm drawing them?
The "How Do You Engineer?" podcast is looking for guests
How do you customize your cubicle?
Looking for high temp gasket recommendations
How to test a material to be used in FEA? Linear and non linear
What is "Leverage Services"?
Best Universities For Civil Engineering In India
Human Factors Design Engineering
Wood symposium tackles tall timber tower construction - Visiting Norwegians share their experiences with designers of UBC project
Upcoming Govt Jobs based on GATE – 2016
Difference between Disc brake and Drum brake
Any engineers working in the outdoor gear field? How did you "break in?"
Travel from New York to London in under 30 minutes: The Skreemr luxury concept plane
Kansai International Airport : World’s Longest Airport
[Mechanical] Engineering student with an obsession for music.
Advice for a student
Electrical Engineer here, going to join the army reserve soon. What jobs would synergize with my field?
How to find an Industrial Engineering Job - the Smart Way
How do you select an appropriate torque drive?
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [engineering]
Companies like MakerBot in the NYC area.
Safety or Chemical Engineering better for long term?
Shigley’s Mechanical Engineering Design 10th edition
Recent Mechanical Engineer having trouble finding work
I don't know if this post is allowed but I would like to know how satisfied or happy you are with your engineering career.
Any Engineers that have their MBA?
ASME - Vote or nominate America's greatest innovation
An engineer's perspective on social anxieties, public speaking, and making new friends in a new area
[rant] Boeing (+others) kinda fucked me
Working on OTA updates, would like to know what would be useful to have?
Pressing liquid out of a bottle using air?
Hydrogen Powered Jet Engines
Australian and Kiwi MechEs of reddit, What are the biggest fields of MechE downunder?
Advice on Creating a Faraday Cage
[Request] Where would be a good place to start learning about how to read part prints?
Advantages of using Solar and Wind Energy in Tandem
Choose Universal Engineering for Specialty Structures West Palm Beach
Graduating with ChemE, MS. Please help me chose career direction
Help with Entry level Embedded Software Engineering job!!
Do most entry level ME's in design start out doing really simple drafting?
Input module is showing an energized input that the PLC isn't recognizing.
Question about diffused RGB LEDs
Mechanical component to constrain bolt twisting
Chemical engineering
My company was extremely successful making a product that didn't work at all
A question about rotary engines: how are they balanced?
What is the rate of current through each cable in a 3-phase brushless DC motor
Iran has ordered a huge number of Airbus airliners following the lifting of trade sanctions
Why Choose Foundation Contractor Palm Beach Gardens?
how to save bearing from spalling and peeling?
Just Applied to School for Mechatronics!
it's not homework I swear on Spock. Force needed to make a 5lb thing fly, hit a soft body, rebound and tear a back
decided to study engineering. what should i start studying now, to help when i begin?
Best internship programs for ME 3rd year Student?
What partial differential equations does Abaqus actually solve?
Need some opinions on a technical screen I took
Common Refrigerator Diagnostic Test-Bed Design, Part I
Best Electrical Outlet I have ever seen
GVSAT Exam Pattern and Syllabus 2016
Hawaiian Highway most modern car carrier of K-Line
The San Francisco sewer system is an amazing feat of engineering
Why did you pursue a Masters Degree in Engineering?
GraphGrid Data Platform
V-Engine cutaway
What is the scope of Neural Networks as a field for Masters?
I hate engineering. Kinda. What should I do?
computer engineering
Advice on education.
outsourcing of engineering jobs
Electric vs Diesel engines for 100+ ton cranes
Help with attaching steel wire cable to a cable sheave? This will be for a cable drive?
What are some interesting researches in space engineering for the moment?
How can I understand gears vs. large amounts of force?
Motor in low vacuum
Every time I see a fountain like this, I'm mesmerized.
Flatley Engineering
Any idea what this part is?
[engineering] I'm divorced and I want to find a guy for the night. Do you friends free?
Calculating a connected counterflow heat exchanger
Advanced Composites graduate program Greater LA area or online.
Question about modeling the sound waves of a trombone into a mechanical system for the course "Vibrations"
The NJIT Baja SAE Team Needs Your Help!
Role of IOT in software testing trends?
How To Cure ADHD Without Meds
Is a plastic ball or a metal ball better for rolling smoothly on carpet for a small RC car?
Anyone ever use GILL inductive positioning sensors?
Need the shortest calipers available. Ideas?
COF between Galvanized steel and teflon
Video Talk on Smart Grid Technology and Energy Sustainability
Any similar sites to DirectIndustry? (English or any other language)
Grease Lubrication Mechanisms in Rolling Bearing Systems party1
Worldconferencealerts : 2016 And 2017 Upcoming Conferences Worldwide in Engineering and Technology Upcoming Conferences Worldwide, conferencealerts 2016, Conference alerts 2017, Conference alert 2017
Is this compressor all hype? The patent referenced is for a drive that involves cones and strings which sounds like a nightmare in the real world.
(xpost /r/engineeringstudents) Low qca, bad degree, how will my future look?
Engineering school advice for my smart daughter
What are some Petroleum Engineer related activities for highschool students?
Becoming a Professional Engineer with no PE's in the company?
What is the general process of designing and building a prototype?
Excavator bushing design choice
How did you know an Engineering degree was the right choice?
Steam engine made entirely out of glass!
How fast can gearing go?
Research Suggestions
Modern physics
Looking for Reverse Engineering In Chicago-Land, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin
ME Grad Selecting Industry (MEP?)
Can you guys share your experiences with the MS Computer Science?
Applying for a co-op where a past professor worked
Electric Cars: Is my idea possible?
Technical Graduate Interview (Arup)
How long would it take to have time dialation be apart by 60 original seconds at the end of a spinning arm with a radius of 2 feet using carbon fiber as the arm?
How to paint a facility power plant with pipes everywhere and 40' high ceilings. Need ideas for plan of attack.
Need some advice on tires (need ones that minimize friction)
List of construction companies in Mumbai
Civil Engineering
Fuel Economy: 1908 Ford Model T - 25 MPG - 2013 EPA Average All Cars - 24.7 MPG
Discussion: The best Engineers are lazy Engineers...
Which country has the highest employment opportunity for fresh civil engineering graduate
Pipe diameter decrease and relation to fluid velocity/pressure
iOS Engineer Needed
Voltage divider or voltage regularator for bringing down voltage from 5V to 3.3V
Trying to make a leaf spring, what kind of stainless steel should I use?
VBA vs. Python to automate Excel
World's patent marketing question
CubeSat - Deployment Sail Deployment Boom Mechanism [HELP/SUGGESTIONS]
Looking for power supply: DC 120V, 11A, (1320W)
Materials Science and Engineering
Is there any notable difference between the Kaplan FE Review Manual and the Lindeberg FE Review Manual?
What non-oil&amp;gas industries value experienced chemical/process engineers?
If you have a PE, is there really any need for SE?
Has anyone been random drug tested while working at a utility?
Please help support the NJIT Baja SAE Team
Nipigon bridge engineers based in Spain | News | Toronto Sun
Getting to grips with graphene | Shou-En Zhu | TEDxDelft (03-2015)
Dominion Nuclear In-person Interviews
Relationship between speed and friction
Which Fundamental of Engineering Exam to Take?
The greatest engineering innovation of all time.
A group of 2,500 professionals are funding a $250,000 47 story model at the UAF. I overheard them discussing it with attendees at the Structural Engineering summit I was visiting and decided to share here. Thoughts?
Switching careers/disciplines to MecE--how to get started?
What is pharmaceutical engineering?
[Mechanical] Engineer in new job new to machine design. Unsure if I'm doing enough fast enough.
12-volt to 12-volt is more efficient 120-volt to 12-volt?
First mech e internship interview- They allotted an hour and a half for interviews (plural). What should I expect?
Industrial design services
TELANGANA – EAMCET, MAY 2016
JNTUH B.Tech 3-1(R13,R09, R07, R05) Regular/Supply Results .
Truck tunnel making
Request for a brief interview with any engineer (5-10 minutes max.)
Relocation as a consultant. Advice?
Need a name for a fastener
How to communicate your technical ideas to non-techy people
Local Engineering Projects
Help identifying these components? (Pneumatics)
International student graduating with a CE degree, would appreciate advice with career path after college.
Motor and Generator question
5 bionics and biomedical companies working to rebuild the human foot. "Additive manufacturing has evolved"
"Fearless." Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Me and my brother are looking to turn a wooden power rack we built into a structure that can support a punching bag. Questions about A36 carbon steel.
Frequency response and FFT
Help me solve a problem OR source equlit. triangle alu profile
Working as an "independent contractor." Whats the hourly pay rate?
Finding Vendors/suppliers/manufacturers for Aerospace Plumbing Components
This file has an "anonymous block" that cannot be edited. What is it and how do I fix the issue so that I can at least do minor modifications?
Electrical and Computer Engineers at Purdue University looking for Senior Design ideas.
Too late to switch to engineering?
You know you're an engineer when....
Better option than a cone bearing for a gyroscope
Need help deciding on measurement device (new to engineering)
Electrical Engineering vs. Computer Engineering in Microelectronic/ Digital Design?
College re-cap for working Engineers (Mechanical)?
Olin engineering students create a pancake printer because why not?
Any Safety Engineers (EHS) here in this sub? Have a couple of questions
Caterpillar Marine Engine Manufacturing Facility in Lafayette, Indiana
Top B.Tech College in Chandigarh
[engineering] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:adaaaosnttt
Head of Electrical Engineering
Looking for a summer internship in propulsion, any suggestions?
What economic arguments are essential for a test automation initiative?
Building Efficiency: Career directions?
Popular waste heat usage for co-generation electric plant?
Asking for a pay raise for moving laterally in a company?
Circuit works on a breadboard, weird issue on PCB.
Help! "Gravity" retractable pen - how does it work?
Rolling Bearings in High-Speed Passenger Traffic party4|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
BITSAT Important Dates 2016
Here's an interesting read about the importance using the 'spirit' of engineering instead of just blindly following regulatory guidelines (via the perspective of a structural engineer)
Guy doesn't know how arches work
How to become a licensed structural engineer?
Prototyping with Putty
Internship operunity
Backhoe Construction Site
Cold Gas Thruster?
WW1/2 Era Plane blueprints
Can someone explain this bridge? I'm having trouble solving it.
Interesting projects
Quality of work as an engineer
Engineer Builds a Functional Miniature V8 Engine Using Only Paper
High Voltage EPROM Man
This Plane Can Detach Its Cabin In Case Of Emergency
Base of beaty reddit girls for f*ucking! The base of beautiful girls is available... [engineering]
Little brother has never done well in school, but wants to turn it around and be an engineer. Advice welcome.
Massive worry about my choice of school.
How does Abaqus calculate strain and strain increment from displacement?
Liquid Transport Tank Sloshing Experience?
Resource Request - Material Properties at Elevated Tempuratures
Is there any free or affordable FEA software which would work for acoustic simulation in loudspeaker enclosure design?
Alternative to splines for transmissions?
Applied bi-metallic corrosion for removing steel studs from aluminum. (4 min youtube demo)
use right bearing for Energy saving party2|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Education-GMB Structural
[Video] Hydromechanical Watch Mechanism
how to get qaulity slewing bearings or big bearing ?party 1|FAQ|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Uni. of Bristol develops method of integrating reinforcement microstructures into SLA-printed objects using ultrasonic fibre positioning
Engineering related stuff
One of the great mysteries of fluid mechanics is turbulence. Why is it so hard to understand?
Need help sub dividing plot of land geographically
HP CET Important Dates 2016
Pogojet: The latest non-lethal bullet that can change velocity in mid air to remain non lethal
KLUEEE Application Form 2016
A waste-fired power plant with a skiing slope as a roof will be finished in 2017
New mechanical engineering friendly sub-reddit launch announcement.
From CS to Engineering - a good idea?
Wondering about mechatronics
Self-services Custom machines
UWR3-3/4250-D48AC to UWR33948A Datel DCDC Converters Popular Sellers Call 516-826-6200
Engineering ideas
Shock absorber but for torque/rotation?
Engineers make the best entrepreneurs, says Uber Founder Travis Kalanick
What's the best way to go about getting an engineering job in a different part of the country?
Mixing bulk oobleck (cornstarch &amp; water)?
APEGA salary survey no longer free to read?
Getting my PE License
Basics of Electrical Engineering By S.Sharma Free Download
British Type 45 destroyers facing engine refits
Conductive concrete melts snow
Behind the scenes: Manufacturing mountain bike Hubs
[engineering] Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
[Metaengineering]Base of unmarried women 21+. Faster. Link activ 45 min!
Is it easy to bend aluminium extrusions?
Has anyone interned with DOW?
Is it too late for me to go into engineering?
Hypothetical question
Construction Management Degree (question inside)
Simulation software for testing propellers?
Engineering Procurement and Construction Company in India
I want to go back to school for an electrical engineering degree
What to expect in chemical engineering major?
Any ideas? What could be my graduation thesis, considering it would involve Hyperloop?
Question about EMIT (Association of Energy Engineers) Certification
How useful and often used really is minitab in industry?
Can anyone recommend gravity pipe flow modeling software that's more tailored to irrigation systems?
What type of keywords should I use to find jobs specific to my interests? (Mechanical Engineer)
Trouble tracking down a Price Engineering Handbook.
Engineers, what are your thoughts on for-profit, technology social enterprises?
AutoCAD Signature for Drawings
Applying the Engineering Design Process to Exercise
Get Cutting Edge Structural Engineering Solutions only at Universal Engineering
[engineering] Purify and Rejuvenate Your Body! 100% Safe &amp; All Natural Ingredients!
Mechanical Engineering Ideas for a Sophomore level Project
How to make &gt;$100,000 in Civil/Structural Engineering
I'm considering changing my career from civil engineering to speech therapy or counseling/therapy.
Graduated in 2000. Still don't have a job.
Proper pump sizing?
Seeking feedback on our engineering tool (Swift Calcs)
Ball bearing for complex environment party 2|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Long-Term Protection for Wind Turbines bearing and Gear part2|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Anyone Seen this before?? This after a two week potting cure.
thermal flow switch
JV3 vs Deemed To satisfy commercial assessments -Residential Energy Efficiency
I went to visit the Concorde. If you're an engineering bluff you'll enjoy the latter half of this clip.
NEEDED: UK engineers with experience in water- and heating systems
I'm a junior in highschool and I just applied to GSET, are there any alumni that can share their experience?
Trigger Voltage too high. Need advice.
What is Polystyrene and Petrol
Have any of you started your own business? If so, can you tell us about your experience?
I'm a mech. E working in hvac design. What should I read/do/know in order to move into manufacturing?
Some Questions about the Chemical PE
Rolling Bearings in High-Speed Passenger Traffic party3|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
Rolling Bearings in High-Speed Passenger Traffic party2|maintenance|Service|slewing bearing,slewing drive|JWbearing
[Video]This guy made a tiny throttle for a v8 paper engine
Study on Numerical Simulation of Oil-Water Phase Non-Darcy Flow in Low-Permeability Reservoirs - Open Access Library
Structural Engineer Florida Offers Innovative Engineering Solutions
