Davos - Carl Bildt's worst case scenarios for Europe 2018
Name three things that people believe about your country that are not or no longer, true.
/r/europe's EU4 campaign - round 6, coming soon! Details inside
Looking for long-distance hiking trails in the eastern part of the Union.
Is greeting someone with a kiss in the cheek wrong?
What languages does your president / prime minister / chancellor / whoever holds executive power speak?
Lithuania, Poland, Ukraine To Launch Joint Brigade In 2017
EU leaders: 'No link' between Cologne sex attacks and migrant crisis
Pro-Immigration Filmmakers Go to Calais. Get Robbed.
Female employee in Swedish refugee camp stabbed to death by asylum seeker
Hundreds of Britons caught trying to join jihadis, says foreign secretary
Country names in Irish, we aren't the most creative people
Migrant crisis: Iraqis return home, disenchanted with life in Germany
'Hundreds' of masked men beat refugee children in Stockholm
It looks like a generation brought up on Polandball is entering the labor market. This is a student diary given away in UK
Germany's Merkel says refugees must return home once war over
Onboard Russia's warship off the coast of Syria
Economist interviews Vote Leave Campaign Director Dominic Cummings
The German Teens Who Rebelled Against Hitler
72 years ago, today, the Soviet expulsion of the whole of the Vainakh (Chechen and Ingush) populations from their native land, which perished 30%-50% of the Vainakh populations and removed the entire Chechen-Ingush Republic from the maps, had started
World's Oldest Temple to Be Restored
Merkel's party, sliding in polls, weighs German 'border centres'
DJ PREMIER/CORNERSTORE-MIX-TAPE VOL 47 #1
Russia To Create New Military Divisions In Response To NATO
Trump Is a Crazy, Hateful Buffoon, But Let's Invite Him Over, Say British MPs
English media are today mocking Denmark for its new asylum seeker laws with cartoons (more in comments)
Russian guy took down refugee who tried to steal from old man ( England metro )
There is a way to punish Russia for Litvinenko's murder. So why not act? In an open letter to David Cameron, a former Putin supporter says the failure to hold Moscow responsible puts other lives at risk
Spanish arms trade: Spain’s military exports to Saudi Arabia hit new highs in 2015
Rome spares Iranian president's blushes by covering nude statues
Land Rover Defender dies: Production finally halted by EU rules
YLE (Finland's national public-broadcasting company) posted a video on how to prevent harassment on the streets.
Iran to Buy 114 Airbus Jets
German Minister Calls on Merkel to Close Germany Borders to Migrants
German volunteer fakes migrant's death
One brain dead, five hospitalized after cannabis clinical trial in France
A man trying to protect his home during the migrant protest.
German 'IS jihadist' in terror trial
LOL funny Top bomb ВИНЕГРЕТ 4. VINAIGRETTE 4
French identify another Paris attacker via DNA from body parts
Painted sunrise behind mountain
The prime minister of Bosnia has drawn the ire of social media users for saying people in the region are frittering away their cash on luxuries.
I'm a Canadian expat who lives in Istanbul, and I wrote this in light of the bombing last week.
"Adhere to Dublin, stop lawless state" (Interview with Christian Lindner in German, selected translation in comments)
European space boss has 'crazy' Moon Village plan
North African men suspected of stoning transgender women in German city
VOYAGE AU BOUT DE L'ENFER-Cauchemard dans les Caraïbes
A guide to the UK's planned in-out EU referendum
Romania: Corruption Crackdown Delays Infrastructure Projects
Catalan pornography joins the fight for independence
0.0% of Icelanders 25 years or younger believe God created the world
Finland: Police deployed additional resources to monitor asylum seekers in Helsinki on New Year's Eve
The Latest: Group: 3,771 Migrants Died Crossing Med in 2015
Volker Kauder, the chairman and parliamentary group leader of CDU party, advocates imposing sanctions against Poland
The So-Called Democratic Deficit
The Seven Deadly Sins of Russia Analysis
Also in Hamburg sexual assaults on women on New Year's Eve
French Jews Ask: Is Wearing Your Faith a Risk, or a Right?
Füzuli‬ sakinləri ilə ‪‎Daxili Qoşunlar‬ qarşı qarşıya
‘Mein Kampf,’ Hitler’s Manifesto, Returns to German Shelves
VW-scandal: Government continues acting like the extended arm of German auto industry [in German]
Combat 'torrent' of misery in world, pope says in New Year message
Mass Assaults On German Women, A Clash Of Cultures Exposed
2 Lithuanian Climbers Killed in French Alps Avalanche
Exclusive: UK Government urged to reveal its role in getting Saudi Arabia onto UN Human Rights Council | Liberal Democrat and Green Party leaders call on David Cameron to reveal whether British government supported Saudi bid
'Denmark is no longer the country I loved'
British PM 'David Cameron' condemns Saudi's execution of Sheikh Nimr as 'hugely concerning'
How one Russian became an object lesson for all would-be protesters
Cologne sex attacks: Women protest against assaults by gangs
Sweden and Denmark have highest number of sexual assaults in Europe | Europe | News
Afghan forces to receive Russian arms as Moscow seeks expanded role
Euro zone factory activity ends 2015 with growth in all countries
What is your favorite historical film about your country?
EU leaders: 'No link' between Cologne sex attacks and migrant crisis
Britain First carries out Christian Patrol in Islamist hotspot Bury Park, Luton
Sorry Guys :) Batumi, Georgia.
Alexander Litvinenko: the man who solved his own murder
Serebro - Перепутала (mess it up)
JPMorgan backs campaign to keep Britain in the EU
EXCLUSIVE – EU Source Tells Breitbart London: 'Brussels Won't Admit Migrant Policy Caused Cologne'
Transcripts of Blair's and Clinton's telephone conversations
Meek Mill x Rick Ross x Bobby Shmurda x Jahlil Beats Type Beat - Gang (Prod. by JamalBeats)
BBC News: Migrant crisis: Bridge over Europe's troubled waters
Migrants storm French port of Calais and board British ferry
Sweden may be in war in couple years according to Swedish General
Video of migrants using firearms in Germany
Turkey Detains 21 'Academics for Peace' for Anti-Violence Petition
EU has "no more than 2 months" to get migration crisis under control - EU's Tusk
Charlie Hebdo anniversary: Suspect shot by Paris police
'Devastating' Brexit will consign Europe to a second rate world power, warns Deutsche Bank
Euro zone bond investors get that Helsinking feeling. "The economy has yet to return to 2008 levels of output due to setbacks including the decline of flagship company Nokia's phone business and the effects of international sanctions and recession in neighbouring Russia"
Denmark to introduce temporary border controls with Germany
Merry Christmas from Serbia
Festivalövergrepp mörkades av polisen
35% of muslim adults aged 18-39 in the UK believe suicide bombings are sometimes JUSTIFIED.
SHAME FOR CROATIA! Newly elected Vice Premier of Croatia Tomislav Karamarko gives a public xenophobic, extremely right wing Catholic and anti-everybody else statement!
Islamic Radicalization In Belgium
Charlie Hebdo and the limits of satire (again)
It's snowing in Munich.
Bonne Annee!!! :D
Happy New Year Europe/Refugees/Terrorism (2015 in brief)
Who likes Marlboro Cigarettes?
My honest opinion on what is going on in Europe (sorry)
Cologne police: Majority of those controlled on New Year were recently-arrived asylum seekers
What is happening to Europe?
Dear Flemish Belgians: What's the deal with the AZERTY-keyboards?
What are the 'indigenous' sports in your country?
Perhaps Something Not So Rotten in the State of Denmark
The 2016 Jarramplas Festival
Migrant Influx in Germany Raises Fears of Anti-Semitism
Putin's Secret Riches – BBC One
Refugee crisis: European Union is increasingly fragmented as members grapple with domestic issues, suggesting crisis will not end well
German officials accuse Russian military secret service/ Deutsche Beamte beschuldigen russischen Militärgeheimdienst
LOL funny Top bomb ВИНЕГРЕТ 10. VINAIGRETTE 10.
Baby in critical condition after being rescued from frozen lake in Hamburg. Father and baby were escaping from knife-wielding attackers when the ice gave way.
If the biggest countries population wise had the biggest areas - European Union edition
NEWS: angs attack migrants in Sweden: police
Chauvet cave paintings: A volcanic eruption from 36,000 years ago – as captured by prehistoric man | The cave paintings at Chauvet are among the oldest, most beautiful and most elaborate in the world
Wedding ring found at the Starbucks in Brussels Airport.
Iran president says Tehran ready to 'turn the page' as he renews French relations
The EU rules are a great step in the right direction and challenges to apply them must be confronted for safety and security of citizens, businesses and governments
EU should fulfil promises in three billion euro migrant deal: Turkey's EU minister. "Speaking on state-run TRTHaber, Volkan Bozkir said that Turkey had fulfilled its side of the bargain, but that the EU must resolve its internal differences"
Fatal stabbing at asylum centre shocks Sweden
Don't mention the meat: EU wary of food taboo
60 migrants suspected of trying to illegally enter Romania
Interview with a German woman working with refugees
A Reign of Terror for Jews in France
Head of Russian Orthodox Church blames the rise of Isis on the 'godless' world's acceptance of homosexuality | Europe | News
Germany's highest court rules Facebook 'friend finder' is unlawful
Best Countries Ranking Full List | US News Best Countries
Christian refugees exposed to 'brutal harassment' in German camps
Czech Republic, map of dialects
VOYAGE AU BOUT DE L'ENFER-L'autouroute de l'enfer
A stoning in Germany. LOL. A stoning in Western Europe, in 2016
Nicolas Sarkozy received bribes from Kazhakhistan
Spending the Day in the Republic of Frigolandia, the Last Refuge of Italian Satire
Energy Poverty: ‘The Commission wants to deliver on concrete actions’ says Vice-President Šefčovič
Cologne sex attacks: 'Safe zone' for women planned ahead of city's carnival
Barbara mit ihrem Rhabarberkuchen [xpost /r/eurodocs]
French couple given suspended jail time for refusing to vaccinate children
A French person made a house inside a tunnel in the Paris metro, not sure why... if anyone understands French maybe they could explain a little more...
Video shows Swedish woman being harassed and groped by ‘migrant’ men
Striking the Heart of Europe: Turkey's Failed Anti-Extremism Strategy
Free press groups raise 'alert' on Polish media law
European Council Head Tusk: 'I Am Public Enemy No. 1' in Poland
Angry Bavarian politician sends bus full of refugees to Merkel
Why rejected asylum seekers are seldom deported
Paris airport transfer
Brexit vote could turn UK into a 'safe haven' triggering EU disintegration, say Barclays
Top 100 Pha Xử Lý Hay Nhất 2015, LoL Hightlight
Campaign Launched for the Greek Islands to Win the Nobel Peace Prize
Remaining in the European Union will increase likelihood of Cologne-style sex attacks, warns Vote Leave boss
At least 34 migrants die in worst tragedy of 2016 on Aegean Sea
"Most of them were refugees that have recently arrived" Cologne Policemen defie their Leadership
BBC: The European Commission has opened an unprecedented inquiry into whether new Polish laws break EU democracy rules
Inflation hits 44pc in Ukraine amid economic collapse
The British Girl (cartoon by the Mail on Sunday)
Muslim woman thrown out of bank for wearing niqab in Germany
China Halts Stock Trading After 7% Rout Triggers Circuit Breaker
Europe’s disintegration could be biggest threat of 2016
The Finnish president surprised juniors by joining their outdoor hockey game
Sweden in action!
Merkel wants to stem refugee flow while keeping EU borders open
The Siege of Tralee, Ireland, November 1920
Volkswagen Sued by U.S. in Diesel Emissions Scandal
Cologne attacks: 'arm's length' advice has mayor in hot water in wake of NYE assaults - TomoNews
So Ace of Base probably hid hints to Nazism in their songs
German spies revive internet snooping work with US: reports | Reuters
Journalist Publishes Shocking Footage Of Calais Attack 'To Show All Sides Of The Story'
Can Germany's manufacturers do digital? "September's emissions scandal rocked Volkswagen - but it's not the only issue the German car giant has. Alongside other German manufacturers, it faces a major challenge from the digital revolution sweeping through the world of manufacturing"
What are some things you dislike about Boston/living in Boston?
Immigrants attacked in Germany
Scrolling through my Facebook feed feels like watching TV
Childhood Notebook of Mehmed the Conqueror(1440)
Country names in Swedish
[Swedish] Research by MSB shows that 54% of Swedes have a negative outlook on the future of Sweden
Ukrainian ambassador rejects Polish premier's 'million refugees' claim
Greek police force smuggler to look at dead refugee children's bodies
Goldman Sachs backs pro-EU campaign with 'six figure donation'
Swedish government plans for deportation of 80.000 refugees [Swedish]
State of Disaster in Parts of Southern, Northern Bulgaria Follows Heavy Snowfall,Further Extreme Weather Expected
Denmark to introduce temporary passport checks at German border
US homeopathy user couple charged in Spain after son's decomposed body found in rented apartment
Man runs car into troops protecting mosque in southern France
Turkey’s TV drama exports exceed $250 million
"Alone all around Europe" He made a film while travelling alone 30 cities in Europe for 3 months. The scenes were filmed by passers-by willing to help him. (repost from r/movies)
16 year old boy raped by a refugee in Wolfsburg's city hall
1,000+ Migrants Brawl, Rape, Sexually Assault, And Steal At ONE German Train Station On New Year’s Eve
1,000+ Migrants Brawl, Rape, Sexually Assault, And Steal At ONE German Train Station On New Year’s Eve
Which are Europe three most politically correct coutries and in what order?
Europe's New Normal
STUDY IN UKRAINE
Why not to go to France By Homlet du Fromage
Hungarian far-right party Jobbik hands out cans of pepper spray after event in Vienna, says 'instead of Eau de Cologne, Eau de Budapest is the effective protection against Merkel's sexual molesters'
Anyone willing to give an idea of the polish perspective on the recent controversies?
Portuguese Presidential Election 24/Jan/2016 [Summary]
Should one remain silent while being questioned by cops in Europe as it is advised in the US?
Jordan's prime minister warned Saturday that it will be "very, very difficult" to keep absorbing Syrian refugees unless his country receives significant economic aid and easier access to European markets.
Experts have found the remains of 86 Turkish Cypriot civilians
LES ENQUETES IMPOSSIBLES_Il haissait les femmes- Un homme dangereux
Kremlin Rejects Petition to Open Soviet Secret Police Archive
Traitors, jackals and vile liberals: Ramzan Kadyrov's insults decoded
How a Small Company in Switzerland Is Fighting a Surveillance Law — And Winning
European Big Brother
German Jewish leaders: We are no longer safe here
"A sinkhole is seen two miles to the east of the Solikamsk-2 mine in the Perm region of Russia [on 20 November 2014]." Photo credit: Uralkali/via Reuters
S&amp;P raises Greece rating to 'B minus'
Holding EU vote during migration crisis would be terrible, UK told
Polish Muslims: an unexpected meeting - full documentary
David Cameron and Angela Merkel discuss EU's future
Kremlin Denies 'Collapse' as Ruble Plunges to New Record Lows
Dutch reporters brutally attacked at Calais migrant camp (VIDEO) [I do not think it is "brutally" but that is what they chose to put in the title]
Denmark to force refugees to give up valuables under proposed asylum law
Austria: Only 30.000 refugees per year [link in german]
Most fleeing to Europe are ‘not refugees’, EU official says
French, British Schools on Alert after Bomb Threats
Switzerland joins Denmark in seizing assets from refugees to cover costs
France says airstrikes against Islamic State will accelerate
Nach Silvester-Übergriffen in Köln: Online-Hetze gegen Selina
European Stability Mechanism head rules out haircut for Greek debt
North African men suspected of stoning transgender women in German city
Austria to cap refugee influx
Slavoj Žižek: The Cologne attacks were an obscene version of carnival
Portuguese Prime-Minister clashes with European Union over 2016 Budget as he pledges to fulfill all agreements with far-left and communist coallition partners
"Almost 800 journalists were fired in Turkey last year, while 156 were detained and nearly 500 legal actions were taken against journalists by judicial authorities: CHP" Turkey ranked 149 out of 180 in World Press Freedom Index
Vladimir Putin’s wealth grab at ‘level of Saudi prince’: The Russian President was accused of having enriched himself “to the level of living we see from Saudi princes” through those who want to curry favour with him
GERMANY: MIGRANTS STAB FATHER, CHASE HIM &amp; BABY INTO FREEZING POND
Protests in Cologne after assaults; Merkel pledges new laws
Greek gold miners prepare to fight Syriza: Hampered by government bureaucracy, Europe's largest potential gold producer announced workforce cuts
It’s time for Europe to turn the tables on bullying Britain
Apple raises iPhone prices in Germany over new content levy
Family of a 24-year-old cancer patient launch global appeal to find rare stem cell donor. She has mixed Thai-Italian (Eurasian) heritage meaning finding a donor match is very difficult. Her family have launched the Match4Lara appeal: her best chance to beat Leukaemia and find a donor match. X-post.
Share of elderly people living in poverty, in Europe The Netherlands score best, Switzerland worst.
Austrian AMS has discovered that many refugees from Syria and Iran have better qualifications than out of work Austrians
It’s time for Europe to turn the tables on bullying Britain
Poland’s controversial new media law could get it booted off Eurovision
Abuse in school tolerated for months. Pupils finally report it to the police.
French government considers law that would outlaw strong encryption
Islamic Community of Serbia supports minister's proposal to abolish Religion classes in public schools
Woman in Cologne Germany dragged into subway by migrants
Only 10% of migrants have reached Europe so far, claims German development minister as he warns up to ten million people are 'still on the way'
Austria suspends Schengen agreement, steps up border control, tells EU to sort out migrant crisis
Insight - For some British business owners, EU membership is losing its appeal
Top 5 Environment – All you need to know about the Dutch EU Presidency
Sadiq Khan on course for landslide victory over Zac Goldsmith in London mayoral election
Cologne attacks bolster plans to ease legal requirements to deport foreign criminals
Poland Seeks British NATO Commitment for EU Support
Countries by gap between Internal and External Reputation [Infographic]
NY-Times op-ed columnist suggests deporting young male refugees
New Year in Zakopane, Poland.
Top bomb LOL funny ВИНЕГРЕТ 2. VINAIGRETTE 2.смешные, интересные
How can Europe better integrate immigrants?
Budapest under snow
Donald Trump : Look at those migrants. They are men. All of them. Where are the women? I don't want those people coming over here. Send them to all those Gulf states, Gulf states have money
Germany’s sexual violence problem is far bigger than the assaults committed by migrants in Cologne.
UK Police to Examine 'Christian Patrols' for Law Breach
Tommy Robinson PEGIDA Denmark Jan 23 2016.
Best European experience ever in Iceland
Hitler Speaks About the Jews
Your country is gods empire. Which city is heaven and which is hell?
A Car Melts By Skyscraper in England
European Court Rules Employers Can Read Workers' Private Emails And Messages On Yahoo, WhatsApp And More
Jean-Claude Juncker threatens the Dutch about referendum outcome
We are the Yazidis now
Turkey: IS suspects held after Istanbul suicide bombing
Russian doctor punches patient to the floor, killing him
Pigs (mostly) save their bacon after French motorway spill - Dozens of live pigs tumbled out of a truck that overturned on a French motorway Wednesday, but showed little appetite for their sudden freedom.
[Question] Citizens of Europe 'What is life like before and after refugee crisis and what do you wish to see in time to come?
Where was BND in all of this? Organized rape and theft groups have to communicate somehow.
Versailles – The Royal Palace Site in France
Tonight Europe's Ariane 5 will launch a giant communication satellite into space (Live stream)
Intreducing /r/Italia/ a more strongly moderated subreddit about Italy
New massive snow penis made after small one cleared
Would the euro really be in danger without Schengen? Juncker warned that “if anybody wants to kill off Schengen, then ultimately what they are going to do is do away with the single market as well, which will lead to unemployment no longer being under control.”
Dutch journalist got mugged by three armed refugees in Calais France
Growing Threat of Russian Influence in Georgian Army
Declassified US intelligence files show that Washington funded the EU project for decades, but the US would adapt to a post-Brexit UK
Shooting Range
Parliament agenda: EPP group priorities for the week of 1 February 2016
Migrants arriving in Finland are being offered classes on Finnish values and how to behave towards women. Concerned about a rise in the number of sexual assaults in the country, the government wants to make sure that people from very conservative cultures know what to expect in their new home.
Steven Seagal gets Serbian citizenship after offering to start martial arts school
Top bomb ВИНЕГРЕТ 26 VINAIGRETTE 26
Germany donates EUR 100,000 in equipment to Croatian border police
EU to provide $13m to Palestinians in need
Japan accepts 27 migrants in all of 2015! Also, more information about current Islam migration into Europe.
What is 'Taharrush gamea'? Arab 'rape game' spreads to Europe from Middle East (Russia Today)
EU migrant crisis: Greece 'neglected' border controls
Thousands of PEGIDA demonstrators have once again protested in the eastern German city of Dresden. Local media have reported that 10 cars, thought to belong to PEGIDA supporters, were set alight.
EU starts on tricky path towards relaxing China trade defense
Stunnng photos from Transylvania's subterranean theme park
Belgian defence minister wants to buy Patriot missiles. (Est. to cost 588 million euros for a Patriot Battery)
Four Predictions on the Future of Europe
The worst film from each country in Europe according to IMDB (x-posted from /r/MapPorn)
Lurching Right: The Escalating Fight for Poland's Future -- The new government in Warsaw is transforming Poland into a nationalist, anti-Western and arch-Catholic country. Now, though, a protest movement is forming, made up of leftist activists, journalists and even a former prime minister.
Germany: Person confesses / brags about rape on camera
The 2015 Legatum Prosperity Index
Country names in English
Since this is a thing, here are the country names in Macedonian, with Latin transcript.
British fleeing couple set up website to help other families keep children [by relocating to other European countries]
A gif showing the difference between how Angela Merkel and Donald Trump treat the flags of their respective countries [Top post on /r/The_Donald]
Man found not guilty of rape ordered to tell police if he plans to have sex, or face up to 5 years in prison
Russia’s spy chief has died suddenly at the age of 58
Angela Merkel’s domestic security crisis
Five French soldiers have been killed in an avalanche while on a training exercise in the Alps, reports say.
Väyrynen: “Finland has no time to waste in exiting the euro”
Man rams car into soldiers guarding French mosque
Teenager attacks Jewish teacher in Marseille
It is like Spring in the Winter here in most parts of The Netherlands. And by you?
Lumiere London transforms city with beautiful light installations
Police were prevented from reaching victims calling for help, attacked with bottles and fireworks, many attackers had only been in Germany for weeks, says German Police Report
Europe and Optimism
Cameron asks Germans to help keep Britain in the EU
Germany needs to accept high criminal aspect of immigrants.
(Opinion, Renzi, Italy PM) Europe isn’t working for this generation
These photos show what it's like at sea at minus 28 degrees
Geert Wilders' "Party For Freedom" (PVV) now the largest party in dutch polls by far.
LES ENQUETES IMPOSSIBLES:Journal d'un cowboy-la mort qui parle
VW May Not Be Trying Hard Enough to Fix Those Diesels
2 Turkish carriers halt Russia flights temporarily due to visa trouble
Slovakia and Slovenia in European languages
Finnish police report: Unprecedented sexual harassment in Helsinki at New Year
Merkel on Muslim attacking Germans: We must accept that immigrants are more criminal
Artist Stages Naked Protest Following Spate Of German Sex Attacks
Swedish PM (06-14) | Full Address and Q&amp;A | Oxford Union
Germany’s superhighway for bikes could take 50.000 cars off the road every day.
Top 5 Transport – All you need to know about the Dutch EU Presidency
Ukraine: The Good, The Bad, and The Irreversible
Cologne attacks. 2 men arrested with notes translating threats to women "I want f**k you, beautiful breasts, I'll kill you"
Danish govt secures backing for bill on taking migrants' cash: A controversial Danish bill to seize migrants' valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centres looks set to pass in parliament after the government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.
Stockholm has introduced gender segregation of some of its swimming pools after an increasing number of women reported being groped in November and December
Drone shows historic Scottish castle teetering over flood water
German refugee camp after lunch time
Six Questions for Europe
Germany made an app to help refugees integrate
New York Times, 1995: For Dutch, It's O.K. To Despise Germans
This is what you're supposed to do if you believe your website has been wrongly blocked by the Belgian government. As is tradition with out government, you can never be quite sure if they're trolling you or if they are actually this incompetent.
Moscow accuses Germany of hushing up Russian girl's rape
'I don't even own a yacht' Putin calls BBC corruption claims LIES in revenge for spy death
Bear Costumes, Dancing, Donuts—New Year's in Ukraine
France wants a new keyboard to protect its language
David Bowie dies of cancer at 69
CVM Report: “Romania makes progress but more efforts needed in combating corruption“
Ukraine's Poroshenko seeks EU, US help to get Crimea back
Man who drove car at French troops not charged with terrorism
European countries in Klingon
Winterday in Fiskars village, Finland
Map of British dialects
Map of Hungarian dialects
EU Parliament Head Accuses Poland of ‘Putinization’, What Does He Mean?
Thousands of people have taken part in rallies across Germany in support of the anti-Islam movement, Pegida.
Church of England fears gay rights talks could end global Anglican communion
Polish foreign affairs minister defends public media bill (in german, translation in comments).
[Denmark] Discos raise alarm: Refugees lose control over themselves after seeing a girl
Latest poll: Majority of Germans against Merkel's refugee policy
Traveling to Greece Safe?
Main criteria being nightlife/number of students, which are the best cities to make an erasmus exchange in eastern europe ?
How to solve refugee crisis.
Cologne Hauptbahnhof- Large group of women robbed and sexually harassed/abused (focus.de)
Are there any reports of cars being burnt in France on new years eve?
Did the USSR Shame East Germans About The Jews?
Are there any tourist neglected regions which are also interesting?
r/Europe what would you do to fix the migrant crisis?
American here. What are some things banned/regulated in your country only because it helps saves money in your universal healthcare system?
Swedish police file 5,000 migrant incidents: Swedish police have had to act on more than 5,000 incidents concerning asylum accommodation and other issues concerning migrants since October, according to figures obtained by a Swedish newspaper.
Poll suggests - Forty percent of Germans say Merkel should resign over refugee policy
'We will come to Athens and burn them': political protest returns to Greece - Troubled country faces further hardship as public and private sectors take to the streets to protest against impact of austerity
paris disneyland airport
More than 10,000 children 'missing' after entering Europe over the past 2 years.
Britain First carries out Christian Patrol in Islamist hotspot Bury Park, Luton
The Next Refugee Crisis
Turkey says ‘never again’ for Holocaust victims
Charlotte Rampling: Oscars row is 'racist to white people'
Kadyrov's Aide Threatens Russian Opposition Activists With Dog
The Great Civil Society Choke-out
Must Catholic schools in Ireland be forced to end their religious discrimination?
Direct Democracy: Successful Petition Gives Swiss Citizens Chance To Vote Against New Surveillance Law
UK: 'Britain First' video showing group walking through Muslim area with crosses goes viral
New world record: Danish windmills produced 42.1 percent of all electricity used in Denmark last year
Indoor Playground Fun for Kids #2
Belgian households are the wealthiest in Europe, study shows
Bibi Wilhailm - You are destroying Germany! 16 y o girl sheds light upon the refugee crisis
In the EU referendum, there's no such thing as facts - only spin
Commission forced to top up Turkey migration money
BBC - Swedish police probe 'cover up of migrant sex assaults'
French Government Rejects Hardware Backdoor Amendment
A botched armed robbery in north Germany last June was the work of three wanted militants from the far-left Red Army Faction (RAF), police say.
LOL funny Top bomb ВИНЕГРЕТ 15 VINAIGRETTE 15
Darling of Davos, Lagarde has second IMF term sewn up
Video of deranged migrant on a bus in Sweden
Schoolgirls report abuse by young asylum seekers
Pat Condell speaking the truth about migration
The Best European Winter Getaways
Northumbria Police are accused of sexism in anti-domestic violence campaign
VW Pressed by EU to Find Ways to Compensate European Consumers
ржунимагу смешные популярные бомба жесть LOL funny Top bomb brutal
Chaos and Violence: How New Year's Eve in Cologne Has Changed Germany
La Principessa Elettra Marconi ricorda i 100 anni del I collegamento rad...
stage de récupération de point
Helsinki police report 15 sexual harassment cases on New Years Eve
Tony Blair can help keep Britain in the EU by shutting up
Lithuanian Supreme Court finally finds Egle Kusaite not guilty of plotting terror act in Chechnya
Men who perpetrated assaults must change - not the victims
Unhappy in Europe, some Iraqis return home.
Hamburg brothel owners threaten to remove violent Arabs if police don't
Trade secrets: ‘No negative side effects on journalists and whistleblowers’, says Parliament spokesperson
[French] 6/10 Belgians think the country has hosts too many refugees. ( Survey numbers in comments)
Belarusian tram keeping the count
Cologne attacks: Migrant men banned from German swimming pool
'Moderate' Muslims Don't Have The Respect To Say 'Merry Christmas'
Euro area unemployment rate at 10.5%, Lowest since October 2011
Internal Police report of Cologne New Year's Eve: "There were simply too many at the same time"
VIDEO: Nine Drowned Migrants, Including Children, Found on Turkish Beach
Armed man shot dead trying to enter Paris police station
VIDEO: Muslim Migrant Who BEAT, SPAT ON Mother with Children in Sweden is Being Deported to …… Denmark
Cologne Police contradicts leadership: Most of the controlled people were fresh asylum seeker and from Syria
Dutch EU Leadership Seeks Implementation of Security Policy, Closer Ties
‘Leaders Number One': The Putin-inspired fragrance
Europe must get together and close its borders to all returning jedi's
Dragan Vasiljkovic: Former Serbian commander indicted for war crimes in Croatia
Have swedes gone completely insane when it comes to pizza? - Adelsbladet
Plans to seize the assets of asylum seekers are among controversial new measures on immigration being debated by MPs in Demark.
'Merkel out!': PEGIDA supporters vent fury after Cologne attacks
Reflecting on Refugees: A Plea for Measured Debate
The town nicknamed 'Little London' at the heart of Islamic State's war
Living in England has given me new confidence in my Irish identity
Hackers caused power cut in western Ukraine - US
Poland summons German ambassador over politicians' comments
Most fleeing to Europe are ‘not refugees’, EU official says - Dutch commissioner Frans Timmermans says 60% of arrivals are economic migrants
France’s Diminished Liberties
Parliament agenda: Greens Group priorities for the week of 11 January
The Making of Merkel with Andrew Marr - A Factual and Gripping Biography of the Chancellor's Rise to Power [xpost /r/eurodocs]
Wisior z agatem | digart | digart.pl
I've travelled around a fair bit of Europe, but I've never visited Latin yet. Evidently I need to get about more.
NYE sex assaults also reported in Zurich and Helsinki
Turkish satirical magazine remembers Charlie Hebdo
Greek match delayed as players stage sit-down protest over migrant deaths
Life of a winter scooter delivery driver
Croatia follows FYROM: new rules limit migrant travel across Balkans
Calais Jungle migrants attack two journalists
UNHCR Refugees/Migrants statistics for the first 14 days of 2016
German court says Amazon e-mail 'share' function unlawful
Why some people's outrage over the Cologne attacks is racist
Horror as gangs of migrants 'assault female swimmers and masturbate in hot tub'A GANG of migrant men sexually assaulted German women
Top Cities In Europe And Why ?
France clinical trial: 90 given drug, one man brain-dead
Life in the new shanty town taking root on Paris's abandoned railway
Cartel of silence at german police! Police keeps silence on refugees crimes. German article, google translation.
Mayor of Cologne says women should have code of conduct to prevent future assault
Slavic Union 2016
Europeans, I am an American who is now scared into studying abroad in Europe. Is it even worth it now?
FUCK YOU R/EUROPE !
Please stop portraying Islam as a rape-culture. The two countries with the greatest rape problem are christian and hinduistic.
dClauzelnator - The sentence translation thread
/r/Europe, how has the migrant crisis actually influenced your day to day life in your country?
Sweden's gender imbalance is now worse than China's for "16 and 17-year-olds"
21 Reasons You Should Never Visit Cyprus
Dover riots: Antifascists clash with British Far Right militants
Traditional &amp; Ceremonial Pagan Costumes of Europe
Pepe remembers his family back in Germany
Portugal's President Blocks Laws on Gay Adoption, Abortion
Top Norway MPs urge Britain to ‘be brave’ and join them outside EU
Sarajevo, Front Line 20 years After Dayton Teaser
"Putin, Security Council discuss Moldova — Kremlin." Is Putin prepearing an intervention in Moldova?
France: If New Peace Initiative Fails, We'll Recognize Palestine
Georgian Deputy FM: Russian Propaganda Is a Threat to All of Eastern Europe
Iran and France cancel diplomatic lunch to welcome Hassan Rouhani after French refuse to take wine off the menu as it ”went against their Republican values”
REPORT: Locals Fled Pool After Migrants Masturbated Into Jacuzzi, Defecated Into Kid's Pool, Invaded Girls Changing Rooms
Vladimir Putin on White Genocide
Europe’s 70-year crisis | On the future of Europe and the role nearly 20 million Muslims will play in it.
Pope Francis: World's powerful are 'slaves to sin' who risk hell by ignoring the poor
Will Europe lead the Fourth Industrial Revolution?
European countries in Estonian
Yes, Israel Is Executing Palestinians Without Trial
A European gun culture deadlier than America’s
BBC News: Google agrees £130m UK tax deal with HMRC
The man who cycled from India to Europe for love
Fitch Affirms Poland at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
European countries in Italian.
Russian official suspected of stealing 30 miles of road
Serbs killed in eastern Bosnia on Christmas Day remembered
Turkey detains 12 academics accused of signing 'peace declaration' (more background in comments)
Dispatch: UK Snoopers’ Charter, Version 2.0 - Human Rights Watch
Russian State Duma Committee Comes Out Against Antigay Bill: The Russian State Duma Committee on Constitutional Legislation and State-Building has declined to endorse a controversial draft bill that would introduce fines and arrests for people who publicly express their homosexuality
Tony Blair: Scotland will vote for independence if UK leaves EU (From Herald Scotland)
Bosnia to apply for EU membership Feb. 15: presidency
Sophia Gets Oiled and Rides Masseur - Collection Of Best Porn - HD Porn Tube
Pope Francis greets migrants in the Vatican
EPP Group – EU-wide solutions can battle corporate tax avoidance
EU to pay a dear price if the next crisis catches Eurozone stagnant and deflationary; dire statistics from Eurostat
On the Russian posing
[Handball] Croatia - Iceland (must-win for Iceland)
Merkel's CDU gives "Mainz declaration": wants easier deportation of criminal migrants and tougher punishment for sexual harassment and violence against police/paramedics
Mobius Sees Blessing for Russian Economy in Crude Oil Collapse
German attitudes to immigration harden following Cologne attacks [Poll]
Protesters broke into Moldova's parliament after it approved a new pro-European government
According to the new OECD ranking Poland is currently the safest country in Europe and 2nd safest country in the world after Japan
Merkel's office sealed off due to suspicious package: Police
Fears of emissions scandal at Renault wipes €5bn off car maker's shares
Filipino seaman dies after evacuation from Greek vessel
ISIS planning 2016 slaughter to provoke a battle with West
Silence on sex crimes will make racism worse: Germany's authorities and media have been tiptoeing around the issue of sexual violence committed by immigrants and refugees for too long - giving the far right ammunition in their battle against the mainstream, argues Jörg Luyken
Russian Shares and Ruble Fall as Oil Prices Continue to Tumble
Daily Telegraph criticised for monitoring journalists' desk time
Putin Critic 'Found Dead' In Moscow Apartment
UK Parliament Will Debate Barring Trump from Country
Paris - Stadt der Liebe
WHY WON’T EUROPEAN POLITICIANS DO ANYTHING TO STOP THE RAPE EPIDEMIC IN EUROPE?
Спасибо коллегам за такое отпадное видео! Thank you colleagues for this ...
Shipping lanes in Europe in 2014
Women in Cologne Central Station harassed massively
Bosnia: President Dodik claims Republika Srpska is a state
Полицейская санки(Police sled)
