Help me understand something, also help me begin
[Request] Current null sec TL;DR
If sp trading is confirmed, can we axe attributes?
Low-Sec Scrubs bait SLYCE into their carriers, Ends Poorly.
Quick Question: Is there an equivalent for Rapid Light Missile Launcher ?
CCPlease....cap ships update
"Do people really fall for scams?" Ooh yes. Details inside.
Whats the biggest wars you've seen in eve
[EVE News] January Release has been deployed on January 12 ~CCP Phantom
CCP Lebowski &gt; Ok everyone, due to the ongoing issues we're experiencing we're going to halt the mass test here for today
Newbro with a fairly simple exploration question
[EVE News] Drone exploit notification ~CCP Guard
3rd party tools for an aspiring trader?
Best of r/eve 2015 winners!
Is EVE client CPU or GPU bound?
An alternative idea to the alternative idea for Moon Mining
Didn't know that joining Alcoholocaust would taste this good...
E-uni BLOPS never trust the helpless
NC. Invading Detroid
Nitris Denitrace serenades Isogen 5
Dropbears Doxxed
JEFFRAIDER finally gets revenge by headshotting me
Incursus fitting and fights....
My solo torp bomber guide b o i s
E.B.O.L.A. Nyx Down in GW
Fight going on in PQRE-W, Vanguard coalition vs TEST&amp;co
[Deklein] TheraBoys doing God's job.
NO MORE COMBAT MUSIC!!!!!!
Skill trading dev blog
Test vs TRI vs PL video (Maelstrom perspective)
Reminder: Toronto EVE Online Monthly Meetup for Jan 2016
Just when you think your down and out. The back door will lead to joy!
Dog broke lap top, can't buy another for a few months, no skills training. Wat do?
EVE Valkyrie Alpha Test to begin January 18th
Album of XL citadel
Spring roadmap update, with glimpses of citadel fitting and the rusty faxmachine!
So this subreddit is run by CCP now?
[Shitpost] Can i Blaze it yet?
when eve is telling you to do something...
Graphic a Corpie Made #JustWormHoleThings
A Story of Loss and Revenge
[Video] Frags of a Fool
[Video] Shadow Cartel forces Exodus. to brawl at zero
The Elusive Good Small Gang Fight ( With Explanations )
With all the solo thanatos rage, I thought I'd point out their kill mark location: On the right side of the engine bay
SLYCE Radio Spot Numero Dos
T3ST now in top 10
Remember Viceroys?
[What a deal!](http://imgur.com/gallery/oqmkyzq)
Dirk MacGirk rings in New Year with series of amazing rants
My wife also likes drawing random Eve stuff I'm doing. Thought you guys might like this.
Don't Upvote - Question on Microphones
MJFG Balancing Idea
I'm drunk, EVE is awesome, AMA
I'm a massive idiot.
PushX hauling corp - Updates and Changes
Weekly /r/Eve Story Time - January 26, 2016
Considering re-sub, need some q's answered
Walking in stations?
What's the new "go lose 10 Rifters" in 2016?
PH does not need PL help against Darwinism. Even numbers - 2.5 to 1. Well played ph.
Secret Santa 2015 Final post
[PvP] Hunting ship advice please [Solo/duo]
Traveling through Null Sec in an Interceptor.
Here's the new meta for mining ships!
WTB Polaris level 1
Never go full retard?
A Fart in Space (Audiobook)
Police Officer Hel gets overwhelmed by Criminal Individuals (Tackled Hel POV -_-)
CCP Declares Plot to Stop Sion Kumitomo Running for CSM XI Has Been a Great Success
Every large battle video ever
MinMil Anthem: Shameless Parody of Providence Skies by Cat Faber
I'm Avery Lewis
The New Camera has a Scope Feature
SHDWC/DT vs CFC/DHSJ
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
Fweddit confirmed DnG Pets!
What /r/eve learned me
Provibloc diplos explain NRDS. Diplo leaks.
In GOING SOUTH part 6, the CEO of HEINT vows to destroy Chance Ravinne "in game and out." But can he find me IRL before WINGSPAN manages to steal his capital ships? [now fixed!]
Episode 6: Logi Night Force, as seen on o7 Show
[SOLO PVP VID] Carrier roaming is just as bad as it sounds.
"Rat in groups, they won't drop you"
THE RAT'N PATROL - EPISODE 1 - TEARS ON THE SAND
Slack drama between The Mittani and Gorski
That moment when you go suspect in an incursion fit ship and warp to a gate
I made an EVE themed XCOM team. I plan on trying to take this team through XCOM 1, any suggestions for other soldiers?
Sometimes the hacking gods smile on me.
Spectre fleet carrier defense. bring a fight!
Fidelas Constans (presumed birthday) VNI fleet dismantled. Bonus Birthday Bhaalgorn.
The dough rises [leaks] [trigger warning]
Goons try Faction BS vs Horde. Didn't work so well
(Advice) looking to diversify my damage types
HORDO STRONK ! Horde Caps vs Dropbears Caps
Declarations of War Episode 107, featuring special guest Lockefox of EVE Prosper, lots of discussion about markets and a look back at EVE in 2015
Will npc null stations be destructible after citadels? I was wondering what would happen to groups like mordus angels.
New Launcher includes potential for "Launch - Project Legion" button?
8mo break returning player with a question
Returning Newbro looking for guidance on corp selection and stuff
What EVE really could use next patch?
How much are "Research Components" worth?
Will Citadels be deployable in NPC space?
The Mittani dot Com?
Launcher update causing launchers to start in offline mode
I spent ~$700 on a high SP character but I suck so much that I can't do L4 missions in my fully fitted/ideal skilled Machariel, AMA
Scooter McCabe calling it quits and giving away 2 trillion isk
Help for a new player with skills.
[Game News] Upwell Claims Serpentis Sabotage while Responding to Capsuleer Attacks on Citadel Construction Sites ~Lina Ambre
Weekly /r/Eve Story Time - January 12, 2016
looking into making the fastest hauler I can.
Russian Elite PvPers Surrender to NewBro's. Again
Possibly gunna check out the game, tips, advice?
Black Rise is currently an intense staring contest between FamCo and Emporium
Svipul ganking: ECM Maths for dummies?
Question about Citadel Expansion, POSes and how their removal will be handled
FGC CEO and former Hun Reloaded CEO Shonion died yesterday in a massive heart attack
Help with importing Eve-Central Data to Spreadsheets
o/ I will miss you Prom
I updated the "Insta-warp" "Travelceptor" align-time graph
SMA: Elite lowsec PVP alliance TISHU drop MONKEY Rattlesnake with black ops class battleships
Officer Fit Triage Niddy Down To SSC
SSC vs LazerHawks grudge match, everyone dies.
CCPls give me my wormhole back
Killing svipull and proteus in ibis rookie ships is fun
[xpost r/bravenewbies] BNI Birthday Roam
Research components for citadel event dropping from serpentis relic sites
Pub crawl in space
What a Redeemer looks like after 9 days of hard fighting in the bush.
CSM Watch CSM 11 Candidate Interview: Commander Aze
4K Poster for all Gallente Federation Combat Ships
CCPlz, why is everything upside down ?
TEST and SNOVA Cerbs Throw Down in S-I
This guy just killed my Venture in 0.5 while I was mining and lost a Navy Issue Brutix. Fucking what?
How to make over 10bil isk learning how to fly a Sabre
Secret Test training facilities revealed...
Suitonia joins Dreddit
TWiNE – Wiggles talks to Xander – 17th January 2016
Sold a couple things, but I was able to afford the new Oculus Rift today.
XL Citadels on Duality 5760x1080
[Video] Solo PvP is Dead!
A total of 24b ISK destroyed this morning in Nalvula
It begins, Goodnight sweet prince
New CCP "project"?
Solo Armageddon Pvp, thanks for the advice with vid wasn't able to do em all will next time :)
Another Year – Another update. (Mini Update) 3rd January
[Podcast] Down the Pipe Ep. 56 -- Combat refitting
[Video] Another day in Molden Heath w/comms
Didn't know SRP requests had such drama
[video] On Time
Operation Free Willy
Feawen chimes in on the gay agenda
Proviblock &amp; Stainwagon vs PanFam &amp; NC. in D-GTMI, F9E-KX and T-RPFU
PFR kills a PFR Orca...
Wingspan customer told me I should write him a poem....so obviously I did.
Just went through the mittanis slacksperg, and I have to say...
How many anti-CFC shitposts = 1 PL vouch?
[video] Logi Night Force - Teaser (for Fintarue's new vid coming soon™)
Your silliest purchase mistake
Stopped winning at Eve 2 years ago to the day. What have I missed?
quick question on aggression mechanics
Socket closed?
Dear EVE youtubers, please make sure to enable your video's for mobile devices.
Atron Solo PvP [VIDEO]
[EVE News] Check out Project Discovery - Join the mass test on Thursday, January 28th ~CCP Phantom
ELI5: PFR's decision to move
Speed through Sanctum Loki or faster ship?
"That's a shitfit", they said! "It's useless", they said!
Is Genesis a safe place to raise a space family?
Looking for a wormhole/stealth-bomber/explorer hunter/pvp mentor... of sorts
High sec POS costs
CSM Campaigns - Why should I vote for you in a few lines.
Have I been chosen, or is the pie a lie?
NC. visit Fcon
NC. Titan loss in HIGH DEF!
justrussianthings
cổng xếp inox công trình chi cục thuế HCM
So which CFC alliance is the pubbiest? (based on DJ's statement about breaking the CFC at the weakest link)
Solo PvP III t3d / BC
Adding lasting consequence to Skill Packet use, aka 'Space AIDS'
COMING SOON! OPB Vol. 1
Nyx Garage looses solo Thanny to Hurricane Fleet
[Video] Beware of Broken WH connections
Meanwhile, In Deklein...
Intro To Incursions: A Primer for Newbros
SMA Alliance Meeting: TISHU are 'terrorists,' Ratting SRP, paying plex for blops kills
I'm so hot and bothered
Mass-matched Bumping Theory is Confirmed! (and there's a surprise)
My new(repurposed) EVE keyboard
So that's where they come form...
TISHU Naglfar vs. Control Tower
MOA/OSS Vs. The Imperium in D7T-CO
Someone please remind me who at the Mittani folk on CSM that I should avoid voting for? Also accepting other suggestions of who to avoid.
DropBear Sanctuary loses two supers to Bad Intention
WIRED article misunderstands Titanomachy memorial, claims that CCP has to hand-design and manually insert shipwrecks into the game days after a battle.
Moments like these really get your heart pumping
If Developers Were Houses On Game Of Thrones CCP Would Be......
How can I stop sucking at making ISK?
Not enough leaks and bad post today. Have some from PL
In honor of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, it's time to unban Stunt Flores
Need some help here, taking a chance asking the EVE community for something NOT eve related
Sort of first kill [pacifist]
Why was refitting petition post locked?
Eve Gallentean Translator
2 Ishtars running Anomalies
CCPlease: sorting contracts by ISK/jump
CCP Ytterblum - "I Had a Trouser Containment Problem"
Grief Trust-Scam SkillPoint extractor. Similar to Alpha Clone repeated podding scam.
Benefits to returning now?
CCP, how about some new doos and duds?
Killboard Tool Request: Slave Set/booster Hunter
Station trading- Am I doing it wrong?
Going South taken down?
Nullsec Anom ship and advice
Is Bomber's Bar still a thing, and are they open to new bombers?
Weekly How-to EVE: Resources and Guides - January 01, 2016
Nullsec gates have no guns. Why no weapon timer jump then?
Well that was fast
Dreddit's not the only one recruiting these days.
Nomad jumps into null without scouting. Eats dirt.
Test Conga's Brave into Station
Most retarded alliance director/ceo ever?
The Scrub Squad Trailer (ProviBloc SIG)
Nanofiber internal structure flair
[Solo PvP] Short Vagabond Fight
Blood Cov scamming using a "bonds" system, and using words like Caliphate....
MJFG is safe for another day
TEST narrates Eve erotica during entosis ops
When you enjoy the content neuts bring in Nullsec.
EVE Online Weekly: January 15, 2016 (The "I've Beaten The Flu" Edition)
When your hull tanked vindi doesn't die
-1 multiboxing ratter
NC.&amp;LSH - A war of love
Remember when CCP promised battleship changes 6 months ago?
Spectre kills 17bil in Nalvula while losing only 1.4bil!!! NPSI FTW!
Guristas Hub - For the newbro
My wife also likes to draw what I'm doing in EVE. Thought you guys might like this.
RIP CORMORANT FLEET
What's going on in Querious. #redditleaks
The Ultimate WEWLAD
My first w-space POS bash!... :(
Why are skill injectors / extractors 500k SP and not 512k?
You know what Cruisers Online needs? Cruisers.
How to clear account names from launcher?
ELI5: How will citadels make the game more fun?
Other than mining skills, what skills are you planning on getting rid of when skill trading is implemented?
Joining a new Corp.
CCP are your Supporters all on Holiday ?
Confessions of an ISK doubling addict
Running IRL Meetups, any Tips?
It's been almost a year, have we really not figured out all the shattered system statics yet?
What are you currently doing in eve?
The Genolution 'Auroral' AU-79 Implant is permenant?
Shit fit of the week
Which ship is the most likely to get into incursions?
A free skill injector for every active account on launch?
Phew my procurer got away, gf FCON!
Corp decided we'd join in on the Happy Rue Day. We had fun.
If you put a capital under water...
Hey /r/eve, Tell us why you're voting for Xenuria! Go Xenuria!
New logos- Who got one?
Im selling my Whiptail, goodbye sweet prince.
New 'Selected item window' button
Help finding an older video
Political Landscape of Fountain
Dear supercarrier pilots
Made a spreadsheet of zkillboard data
Skill Extractors: AUR cost
Why might a casual player want a Citadel?
[Feedback Request] Logistics Frigates and Small FW Complexes
New launcher settings
Targeting a full area ?
Help choosing skill path...
[Brave-drama] Carrier-ratting in Querious
That moment when your ship undergoes Mitosis.
Why you don't take freighters into low.
Out of Sight - Hot drop time 25.01.2016
After spending 2 days writing a wormhole mass tracker for Slack...
Asher down! Querious invasion going as planned
A few weeks old but my first solo kill, hope you guys enjoy!
WAFFLE TIME IN KEDAMA
super smart BLOPS in our space
Bad Intentions get VD from Provibloc
Elite PL Logi Fit's 10/10
[PSA] How to use Exefile login via the new launcher.
[Sisi Leak] Easter egg on Apostle (Amarr FAX) hull :(
very WIP citadel stats
Woops, goodbye brand new Nyx.
Who said Frostline sites weren't worth it? A lot of people, actually, but I was surprised to see this today
Vagabond | Xirin | Killmail
EVE Reader: Episode 44 - A Spider in Her Web (Pod and Planet Winner!)
I took CCP Quant's data and plugged it into a spreadsheet. Enjoy, and let me know if you want me to change anything!
Royal Commission? Elite Low Sec Scandal intensifies. DNG leadership openly challenged on social media.
Piss Off Gatecampers While Cloaked: The Guide
[breaking news] Ron Mexico, SuperCap FC of Pandemic Legion will be quitting EVE for some time
The Scope – Upwell Consortium announces first Citadel builds
So is Horde or Karmafleet the top newbie corp today?
Unable to fit entosis to an interceptor?
Anyone know what happened to StaticMapper.com?
CO2 and BLAST getting rekt by PL RAG DOWN!
Remember to broadcast for reps. Remembering Will Gauss
is it frowned upon to ignore fleet doctrines in favor of max tank?
Did he say Jump selling other lowsec groups for ratting rights in Section 8!
Share your T3-linkfits
Citadel Fuel Update
[Dev Blog] Fanfest 2016 - Call For Player Speakers &amp; How You Can Get Involved! ~CCP Falcon
[Test Server] Force Auxiliary and Fighter names
ITT: POWER RANK the corps in The Pandemic Legion
Share your screen GUI layouts
Decloaking guide for dictors
Will we be able to add crew into the game eventually?
Solace on, in VIP mode
[UI Suggestion] Show time left on Interdiction Probes in space
Asset API Cached timer (long) changing?
Game Design Q&amp;A stream
Should Corporations be allowed to war with factions in Low-High Sec to take systems and alter Sec Status?
Faction War Declared Over
first fight flying logi with horde, mega fun ^_^
does anyone want to come salvage my wrecks? I'm ratting at in highsec.
Suspicious googling history since joining EvE: Missiles, Plutonium, Missile Blueprint, Smartbomb, Bomb Blueprints, How to use bomb..
NSFW - BOVRIL Erotica of the best kind. Salute to you Cannie/Seva I FUCKING LOVE YOU
EVE Online streamers/past broadcasts/etc on Twitch
Command Destroyers V - MJFG spool up bonus useless or no?
Evernus just for station traders?
Publicly available character data for machine learning?
CCPLease, I will buy this Eve DLC. In station assassinations
As a New player is planetary interaction worth it?
Newbro here! Loving the game. I'm presently training for Ice Mining. How good of profit is ice mining in nullsec? Is it good money?
For the Glory of the Game CSM Propoganda
[Singularity] Lowered skill requirements for FAX?
There's a chance the Dust forums influenced some EVE devs to explore granular SP extraction and tradable skill packets.
Manipulated a market bot into buying/selling to itself
CCPlease, bug I reported over a year ago, still haunts me daily
I think I found SMA's caracal fleet FC
[video] On Time (volume fixed)
Tricky Dutch vs E-Uni round 2!
[Opinion] Counting on the CSM
[STREAM HIGHLIGHT] - Always check your inventory, kids.
When you've only played eve for two mins but already want to shitpost...
eve play and i will share the rewards 25-75(75 yours)
Using guerrilla warfare, RED tries blopsing
OSS had their delivered research components confiscated following the destruction of the prototype citadels.
Elo Knight Gets the Memo that Dreddit is Recruiting
Keepstar Citadel from Duality Mass Test
VIDEO: The Bastion / Get Off My Lawn vs. No Vacancies 19 Billion Loss
My solo C2 wormhole adventure. Also, my first ever video in English.
Screams from the Ivory Tower! Part: 2 Ex River on Communication.
NC. tricks the CFC into killing their suicide fleet in Nalvula
For the last week TISHU has been blopsing in Fade, Here's some of the salt we have received so far.
Goon Suicide hurricanes bag an archon and some t3. Snuff vs Imperium
So this happened...
Unluckiest spawn ever
Anyone else getting their Bio messed up?
I'm 4 days into the game and got my first kill, does this usually happen?
4th mark obtained, op success
Bringing more rats to a belt?
Confirmed: Goons blued DHSJ. (That's a goonswarm channel)
Cap Warfare on XL Citadels
Version 1 million: We did it!
Why? So much bling
How do you justify paying $8-$20 per month to your Friends, Family, Significant Other, Pet or Yourself!
Question on mobile depot
Are there any websites that identify the location of killmarks on all of the ships?
Broadcasting....need it bad
how to make channels
Content Ring, Episode II: Attack of the Shareholders
Looking for Advice
Crazy Socket Closed Issues Today
Sniping solo pvp flycatcher?
Request List of Common FC Commands
[Youtube] The Scope – Upwell Consortium announces first Citadel builds ~EVE Online
Exodus. Reinforces Goonswarm staging system TCU in D2-HOS with 8 people while 70 Goons watch.
Viceroyalty Patch 2 Mo. later?
What is the weirdest thing you saw in eve ?
The Kubera [Gunjack reference]
Should the Noctis be buffed?
If you haven't seen Star wars VII yet, don't look at mobile depot names in Jita/Amarr!
Weekly How-to EVE: Resources and Guides - January 08, 2016
Nyx garage and honorabru carrier duel
The Martian toilet break provides action, (Note to self, request potatoes as new meta PI CCPlease)
Formation Flying with Pocket Titans
CCPls: This Griffin model
Yet another Widow dead in a WH
Poem I wrote about EvE in 8th grade.
[Video] This is EVE | The Camel Empire Edition 2015
Literally Unplayable
BRAVE, NARM, Infamous and LUMPY fight in Querious; over 9bil destroyed
[Video] I Don`t Make the Law, I Only Enforce it!
TISHU Thug Life
[Video] T-RPFU Provi Afternoon Brawl
In GOING SOUTH episode 9, our customers seem bitter about the capital we stole from their POS... so we brought it back for weekend visitation rights!
Haha nc. makes lsh kill a titan and 3 super whelp roam haha didn't want them anyways
Quite an accomplishment, if I do say so myself :)
PL/PH Vs. Darwinism + friends, the final r64 and the demise of the horde capital fleet
PL Successfully Pipe Bombs!!
[solo pvp] A quick 2v1 I had while testing out the navy crucifer!
Ccp dev works on Walking in Stations! Finally!!
Shitposting time!
XL Citadel in Jita - 0% tax?
[PFR] Ask Lograth #1 Questions... TEST got the link and shit it up... &lt;3
[1080p60] A tribute to the beauty of EVE and the unidentified wormholes
[DANK LEAKS]Dropbears being dropbears: Running (again) from Horde to Molden Heath, picking on newbros (again), and talking shit (again)
Soooo you can't put 8 MWD's on a scorp anymore?
[Citadel] Made a comparison image for the citadels and some current stations~♪ (imgur link in tweet)
First Solo PvP Kill Challenge: Use a Venture
EVE online - how to escape from bubbled pos in carrier
What has Goonswarm ever accomplished?
Noob Here. Looking for a good Newbie Corp to join.
TMC will not make an article about the recent CFC rapes by THERABOIS/PL because "BRs are for reddit"
In light of the recent brave "leaks", I'd like to share some of the doctrines they re planning to use in Querious.
CCPLEASE GIB KILLMARKS
Anyone know where the killmark is on the sentinel/crucifier hull are?
[EVE News] A first glimpse of Citadels - Join the mass test on January 26 at 17:00 UTC on Duality ~CCP Phantom
The most Epic moment of my Eve Life
Improve the crime watch system. Make it seem more real
Eve Freezing Every Few Seconds
Unusual and interesting things to do in eve.
If the is kill marks why theres non save marks?
[Flight Academy] EVE Online: Criminal Timers ~EVE Online : Flight Academy
Constant and infuriating socket closes ( close to pvp )
how to record EVE video?
What if we all had to start over?
Reasons to play Eve online ?
Surprise dictor skill!
Killmark enhancement ideas
Who are the best nobodies to join right now?
Is PL the official Reddit group?
Our POS is aggressing friendlies and I dont know why
What's better to transport low volumes with high value through Nullsec - Cov Ops or Interceptor
CCP on Sky News now. Sunday 3.47pm
Anyone notice poor performance lately?
MEANWHILE, IN F9E-KX
Industry suggestion for CCP.
Would making all Non-special edition ships including supercaps insurable encourage more content?
[Rebalance] Artillery
Looking for Teaching Corporation
I really am impressed with this community
The BASTION culls the vexor herd
Sov Defense Fleets in a Nutshell
Gnosis vs. Eve University [A Short Clip]
Ima just leave this here...
BREAKING: GOON deploys capswarm to defend MONKEY from Syndicate nobodies
Mercenary Coalition culls the svipul herd
[Album]Few chosen screenshots I took on my (so far) only 7 months long journey through EVE
Brave are you ready to face the Null-sec
The JEFFRAIDER Show Episode 15 » Crossing Zebras
Bulkheads + MWD spam to save the day!
[EVE News] Build your own Citadel at home and win PLEX, ship SKINs and more! Pillow forts, fortified cakes ... anything goes! (deadline Jan 26th)
CCP Bans stunt flores from help center
#justcapitalthings in Eve Online
Where the killmarks hide on a Hel... If you can see them.
Interracial Lesbian Legend vid
Some more Keepstar XL Citadel screenshots from Duality
TEST Forums are back up
Loot fairy says no
"PostOnRedditIfFound!"
Bait cyno, best cyno?
[Patch Note] Shitposts is back!
Skin License bug
"This skill is not eligible for extraction." CCPls why can't I test-extract these turdskills?
I found these tears, thought i would share
Enmity Saturday unpleasant thread
Reverse Blops, Redux will fix ratio on the next go around sorry guys
DANK TEST LEAKS Enjoy!
Come to fangtasia and enter our giveaways to win free ships!
Petition to unlock the petition thread
SMA theft totals are in!
What happens if I bought a previous spy?
new players, core skills, and the starter pack
Weekly How-to EVE: Resources and Guides - January 22, 2016
Question: What is Thera?
Real Life and EVE crossing paths
progod, welcome back, you deserve test, and test deserves a guy like you
How to make Bounty Hunting a profession
Honor the fallen
What are interesting/weird/funny public in-game channels I should visit?
Will CSM 11 have any impact on the game other then people spamming my inbox, twitter and reddit to vote for them?
New players *can* catch up, right?
Blueprint drops from research labs after killing poses
Im a content little capsuleer:)
Questions about resubbing.....
If Eve were to end tomorrow?
EVE-theme Bumper Stickers
Need Advice for When I Re-Subscribe (Assets Locked Up in NULL)
Apparently I am an asshole because I solo pvp. AAR
So, I bought that bundle ...
Ghosts in Low Sec - A Haiku
A little story I felt needed to be shared... How Eve saved my life.
GLHF in Querious PFR, from TRI and friends
Is this fitting sufficient to take on a Burner Daredevil?
Free Gates corp announces Memorial NPSI Fleet op for Shonion - Sunday Jan. 10th, details inside
A newbro here, what was the start of Eve like? (and the idea of Diablo-style seasons)
friendship friday nice thread
Goon Jabber Down. Goons Cascading.
AWU5 finally done, woooooooooooo!
Bait fail or bad awox?
Null Sec Relic Exploration is hard nowadays
RIP Schildwall
CCPLease make subcategories in the Ship Hangar a thing
The Man patched out of Eve...alliance logistics dude tells his views on a playstyle changing
Battle of T-RPFU - NC, PL &amp; HORDE vs ProviBlock &amp; more
Typhoon Frags F4R2-Q - Please come again
The moment when 2 cripple start fight
Join Rán Kavik's founding Valkyrie squadron and receive: Founder's access to the game, Exclusive Squadron 33 Wraith Fighter Ship, War chest of 2500 gold, Early forum access, limited edition 'founders pilot' forum tag
[Video] Saved by the scram - Brutix Attemps Solo PVP
Loot Fairy says "Nah son"
[YouTube] Dance of the Little Kitey Swans
TEST vs TRI in Detorid - edited video
When Wingspan kills you
EVE Online Control Panel Now Available For Pre-Order
December 2015 Nullsec Recap
L O C A L C O N T E N T B O I S attempt to blob GLORIOUS IMPERIUM, get their shit pushed in like a playdough factory
FYI: Toronto Monthly Meetup: Jan 2016
