How much did XII expand your vocabulary?
Riding solo in A Realm Reborn?
FF7/Crisis Core Cloud Question
Saddest Scene?
I have problems with the FFXIII graphics :/
[FF7 Spoilers] Is anyone one else a little obsessed with who they pick....
Final Fantasy Best Music Compilation
Seymour's ultimate theme remix (original and HD remaster combination). Put at 1.25 speed for extra effect...
What this is ???
On my studying/destress playlist, and worth every second.
Never played many FF games, where should I start?
Fanboys: Perturbed about the episodic FFVII Remake? This might change your mind. Also, are moogles welcome in the Furry community?
Final Fantasy fans around my age?
[{(- FF13 -)}] What do you like to do "post-game?" Is it just doing the individual hunts?
If every main FF title is remade, what would you like each track to sound like?
[FFXIII-2] No matter what I do, pre-rendered cutscenes are still jagged
What's the name of this song? (FFXIII)
Beat ff9..15 years later. Wow!
It seems like there's another FFXIV classic revival project on the works
Help regarding FF IX's Story. Gaya/Terra's thing.
Do you think the Final Fantasy XV final release will be more polished?
A plea for my best friend
Suggestions for a FF6 themed box?
Best non-mainline Final Fantasy games
Whatever happened to these android titles?
Apparently FF13 is coming to mobile devices as early as tomorrow
Final Fantasy 9 - 30 FPS BATTLE
Triple Triad Mobile. Those who play know this is quite the grind going solo. Half way there.
Tifa Lockhart by raikoart
How to dodge lightning in Final fantasy X The lazy way(x-post from /r/finalfantasyx)
Who recorded the piano music for the FFVII PS4 Midgar theme?
This might not go here, but I found this dope track with a VII sample
Final Fantasy 15 - Best Graphics Of The Year
안산오피（오피홀릭）※∩※oＰｈOＬiｃ３.ｃｏＭ ※∩※상동오피 인천오피걸
Discord Server Set-up for Final Fantasy and RPG chatter
Anyone ever played Grandia, Xenogears, or Vagrant Story? Should I play them?
Looking For Some More Information On the High Speed Feature in FF8 PC
If the FF7 characters had classes, what do you think they would/should be?
FFXIII steam error 51?
Which Final Fantasy has the best post-game?
First Time Playing FF 13-3/LR and FFVIII and tips before playing ?
FFX XIV worth the hassle on ps4
I may sound like an old timer..but I'm newer to reddit and to the modern FF games.. Anywhere I can go to discuss Final Fantasy I-VI?
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance re-releasing on Wii U Virtual Console in Europe on January 28
Ramza is coming to Dissidia Final Fantasy
Sneaking Around HQ
Final Fantasy The way it was meant to be played
Аttеtion! It's nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! This is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt!
Don't Buy Shit from Square-Enix Website - I rather Pirate Their shit
New to Final Fantasy - Xbox One - Easy To Learn/Pickup?
FF XIII-2's Crystarium
Help. A long time ago, I played FFXIII right up until the final dungeon entry area. I didn't go any further because I was farming something from those weird things in there. Anyway, I'm lost, but I just want to finish the game. What am I supposed to do?
PSN Sale includes FFVII and FFTactics on sale for $4 each.
Why do they keep clinging to the Final Fantasy Brand when making new games?
FF XIII's equipment system was genius...
Tellah in FFIV for IOS
FFVI and Moogle Charm
Anon on Lightning
Hey guys, check out my blitzball video! :D
Magic &amp; Stealth will feature in Next Final Fantasy XV Active Time Report, new screenshots released.
[FFX] I'm so done with this
If you have a face like him, what would you do?
Final Fantasy X: Tidus and Yuna Cosplay by behindinfinity on DeviantArt
Monster noises
Final Fantasy XV Cidney cosplay
Griever vs Bahamut
In Final Fantasy Explorers, are character costumes individual pieces or one full set you equip all at once?
Final Fantasy X HD Remaster: Does Distill Ability work when you cast a spell, or only when you attack?
I want to complete main series, help me!
Did Square-Enix talk about leveling in FF7's remake?
Tifa's final limit break
Will the FF7 Remake Voice Actors be the Same as Advent Children?
Been playing FF7 steam version. Had a bug with the wrong bgm being played at a scene. Anyone else faced this issue before?
This Site Likely-y Contains Sexually- Explicit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my dal
Awesome 16-bit trailer for Lightning Returns [Spoilers XIII &amp; XIII-2]
So here's a music box remix of the song Awakening from FFVI. It's the song that has a part of the melody from Terra's Theme.
That's NOT the reason your name sounds familiar to me, and you damn well know it!
Any way to get actual 16:9 on ff12? When i switch it on in config it just stretches everything vertical and the image stays 4:3.
Thanks guys! Recorded a second one! Besaid Island, 4k, in all it's glory :)
Drew a picture of Tifa. Hope you like it.
Fabula Nova Crystallis: A Retrospective
I just spent all afternoon bringing my Red Mage obsession into Fallout 4.
What are the chances Tifa will say this in VIIR?
FFVII Remake Multiparts -- I just don't get their explanations
Spent the last couple weeks making VII my bitch.
How can I get into final fantasy?
twitch plays final fantasy!!!
Has any one ever beat FF 1 and killed all the Fiends but
What is the best version of final fantasy VI?
Is there any kind of final fantasy books?
[FFXIII] I just beat all missions (5 stars) before going back to Cocoon.
The first 6 Final Fantasy games. Which version would you recommend/say is the best to play?
Final Fantasy X for my PS2 just arrived in the mail. Any tips before I start the game?
8-bit devamp of J-E-N-O-V-A, played in a Pokemon Gold ROM.
FINAL FANTASY XV 2016 GAMEPLAY TRAILER - A DRAGOON?! TAKE MY MONEY!
Theatrhythm producer wants to continue the series
Gamnesia Interview: Arnie Roth Masterfully Brings Final Fantasy Music to Life With the Distant Worlds Tour
My chain level in Final Fantasy XII. What is your's?
Karaoke FFIX theme song "Melodies Of Life"
Praying for Final Fantasy 15 (Video)
Final fantasy 9 is coming to PC in HD !
Store i work at just got Explorers in. Am keen but have heard talk of frame rate issues. Tell me more.
Writers? Check. Co-hosts for podcast, not so much.
My thoughts on Yu Yevon
FF8 - The Mission | Metal Cover
My boyfriend cheated on me and I decided to take revenge on him, registers, and look me in the nick: Girl325 [FinalFantasy]
LEGO FFVII Highwind - almost 3 ft long
Final Fantasy I &amp; II Advance coming to Wii U VC in Japan, guess IV &amp; V are next, how about Tactics Advance?
A Wizard Waiting For A Treesome
Final Fantasy Explorers Reviews?
Question about the history of FF
Trying one more time to get through FFXIII, and I just have a few questions.
What's something about a Final Fantasy game that you thought too much about and made it weird? (Spoilers for various, obviously)
Why is Final Fantasy not as popular with younger teenagers?
Playing through all FFs, just beat 2. Wrote a mini review.
Would FFXIII have been more enjoyable with type-0's combat system?
Getting my girlfriend into final fantasy
FFXV Active Time Report new date
Portrait of Lightning I started for practice.
New Famitsu Scans of the FFIX Port
[FFVII] I found the Crashed Gelnika
[FinalFantasy] My name is Jamie! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
FFIX on Greenmangaming. $40, WTF?
My final fantasy collection
---&gt;{[( Final Fantasy V)]}&lt;--- What are the best Jobs to start with?
Final Fantasy 7 submarine stuck in Junon port. Please help!
Do we know why they skipped the VIII iOS port and went straight for the IX port?
When is FFXIII-2 "done"? (Minimal spoilification please)
What is your *least* favorite dungeon in the series?
What should I play next after having finished FFX, FFX-2, FFXIII and most recently, FFVII?
Does Final Fantasy IX still hold up?
What you guys think about a FFIX Interquel? Spoilers inside.
I'm scared IX may be on the SE store and NOT Steam (at first)
Awesome Final Fantasy piano medley of battle themes!
Force Your Way
Sephiroth Squarepants
FFV for Android. Whats up with Bartz dialogue picture looking like a woman, and nothing like his (her?) Sprite?
FF7 Perler party, I made.
How to use brute force physical attack spam to win in Lightning Returns
Any interesting battle stories about THIS THING? (i can't seem to defeat it)
FF7 - GOLD SAUCER THEME (Cover / Remake)
Is it true that Dissidea 012 replaces the first Dissidea in terms of story? Do I need to play the first one?
Final Fantasy character Lightning being welcomed into the Louis Vuitton ‘family’
If limit breaks (from VII) were real IRL, what would your level 4 limit break be?
Final Fantasy VI: The Novel (by Celes Chere) [TTS Audiobook] Now Complete! (35 hours)
What are your top three Final Fantasy boss themes?
Does Kefka have Character Growth?
So, Honest opinion time... Who do you think is the best Final Fantasy Villain and why?
thinking of playing FFIV on Vita, need some opinions..
New FF VII Remake Screenshot (jk)
What is Kuja up to? (x-post /r/Dallas)
It's the 15th Anniversary of FF9 (...in Europe). It's the 20th anniversary of Space Jam. It had to be done.
"Different Beat" Zell Dincht limit break fanart made using the Sims 4.
Rank the Final Fantasy villain themes
Song from the original Final Fantsy
Playing through all FFs, just beat FF3. Impressions/Mini review
Community Discussion: What Works Better, Medieval or Science Fiction?
Started my Final Fantasy sleeve the other day!
Just bought Type-0, anything I should know?
Does anyone know why Square-Enix changed Blitzball between X and X-2?
Final Fantasy VII PS4 cutscene music bug
Anyone have a copy of this film that Amano did in the 80s?
Final Fantasy 15 has two types of Magic, Director on role of women in the game
(Dog Acapella) Final Fantasy 7 - "Bombing Mission"
Final Fantasy Hacktics ~Do you love FFT? Want to try some NEW content? Custom sprites, classes, maps, stories, and more
Final Fantasy XII remake/remaster for PS4.
Too Long Didn't Watch: Key Information From the FFXV Active Time Report for Those Who Missed It
FF XIII LR question about the time
Weekly /r/FinalFantasy Question Thread - January 18, 2016
[FF7 PS4] I'm really pissed right now.
[Final Fantasy V]ersions
I have never played a Final Fantasy game in my life...which one should I start from?
Let us begin!!
AGDQ2016 is currently wrapping up with a FFIV speedrun
Just finished Lightning Returns. Is it just me or is that the corniest Final Fantasy ending ever?
Final Fantasy Timeline Theory
Best gift ever.
FFVII PS4 Battle Lag?
Is Final Fantasy XV the game that has the most number of trailers?
Graphical Evolution of Squaresoft RPGs
[NO SPOILERS] Is FF Type-0 HD worth playing?
Final Fantasy Explorers Collector's Edition stock problem?
FF7 PS4 Soft Reset
Will Dissidia: Duodecim 012 work on the Vita TV if I purchase it on the PS3 and then transfer it?
Top 10 Final Fantasy Songs And Themes
Servants Of The Mountain (Final Fantasy X) Ambient Metal Remix
Final Fantasy - Vivi Orunitia Fanart by kapiheartlilly [Original]
Final Fantasy VI PC is actually an emulator of the GBA port!
Terra Branford by Midorisa
Final Fantasy 15 - New Magic Footage, Niflheim, And March News At Active Time Report
This took some time. No regrets. (VII)
Audiosurf 2: The Chase of Highway
Karaoke FFX theme song "Suteki Da Ne"
Going live to find out more about the final Summoning in FFX remaster. feel free to join. Link inside!
Final fantasy 13 chocobo question.
Which actors would you pick for a FF VII movie?
Final Fantasy 8 Junctions.. Crazy.
What are the odds?
How many parts is FF7?
FF7 PS4 Earth Mallets
FF7 Gold Chocobo breeding tip
Final fantasy 13 stream!!
Last week was a pretty good day - did those 2 annoying quests half a hour apart, i can finally enjoy end game without stress :)
Limitbreak to a Metal Cover of Bombing Mission from VII!
I LOVE FINAL FANTASY MYSTIC QUEST - (REVIEW)
Hey boys I'm Emily and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
[FFVII] Shinra University Master's Degree - for those of you who, like me, always wanted one ;-)
FFXV – January Roundup &amp; Duscae giveaway.
Final Fantasy Explorers: [6/10] "It’s an enjoyable spin-off featuring characters from a very much loved series, but it’s nothing more than that."
Hi everyone. I'm playing through FFX for the first time. I'm loving every minute of it but I'm having am issue with the Remiem Temple. I have the sceptre and crown and all aeons including Anima and Yojiimbo . But that door still won't open for me to get the Magus sisters. What am I missing?
Final Fantasy XV release date and price to be announced in March 30, 2016
Karaoke FFVIII theme song "Eyes On Me"
[REQUEST] Podcast EP.1 - Remakes and Remasters.
Let's Playing my favorite game of all time (FFX)
[Discussion/Spoilers inside] Who is the strongest protagonist in the Final Fantasy main series?
After 17 years.... I completed FFVII ..again.
To Those Who Have Beaten Lightning Returns
Beat FFVII for the first time and ended up taking down Emerald and Ruby too. Thoughts from someone without nostalgia (spoilers)
Come and get your feels here - Vector To The Heavens - Yoko Shimomura - Memoria
FF3 Steam Version, new playthrough, want a fun but not grind heavy party
Soooooooooooo.... What is Sephiroth's last name?
[FFVIII] Balamb Garden Master's Degree - thanks to /u/Imissyourgirlfriend2 for the idea!
Austin This is not Dat1ng s1te! its largest world online search partners in you hometown!
I found Lightning (Final Fantasy 13) in a Louis Vuitton Advertisement
Are any of the final fantasy games on Steam worth getting?
So that stealth footage...
Might want to try playing final fantasy, don't know where to start off.
FFXIII Chapter 9 Save File Help; Missed Achievement
My cover of a simple but underrated track from FF7
Happy birthday, Cloud!
Just found this throwback
Final Dankasy IV Pt22 (Giant of Babil) Final Fantasy IV
So i'm going to try tactics again after completely failing... What can i do to lessen the (extreme) difficulty curve for a newbie?
6 Reasons to Be Excited for Final Fantasy IX on PC and Mobile
Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward (Addon) - EU + 1x steam random key $10.62 -82% off
[MetaFinalFantasy]the whole day I go in for sports, but all night i on webcam 18+
Found this on eBay, not my listing, looks interesting.
FFX - Where to level before the Monster Arena?
What should I play next?
Just finished the 13 trilogy. Some thoughts about Lightning's personality and 13 critics
What I hope for beyond Final Fantasy 15
Top 5 "Final Fantasy" games I played in 2015
Final Fantasy IX High Resolution Character Portraits
If/when FF7:R turns out to be a success, do you believe that SE will possibly remake FF8 and FF9
Blinded By Light Guitar Cover
FFX International: The true Break Damage Limit
World of Final Fantasy - PS4 Gameplay Footage
Is FFVIII worth a replay...I can never work myself up to jump back in...
Things you didn't know about Final Fantasy VI (spoilers)
How the heck is Lenna fighting a fish with four strangers and not her three usual teammates?
Waiting for the Final Fantasy 7 remake like...
This should have more views...
My band, Knight of the Round, has re-recorded our cover of FF2's Battle Scene 2 and I wanted to share it with you all.
From my family whatsapp. Red is my sister who I managed to tell the plot to up until nibelheim to before she realised it was FF7.
FFIX Fastest In Game Time Completion
THRONEFORMS [Question]
Thoughts on what you want out of FFXVI
[All Game Spoilers] Final Fantasy Game's Characters Growth and Their Relevance to the Plot [All Game Spoilers]
Anyone have any experience with Final Fantasy Explorers?
Mobius Final Fantasy ff7 remake
Community Discussion: What do you think is the most underappreciated scene in the Final Fantasy franchise?
Anyone here play FF tactics advanced
Interesting Trivia: Miss Universe is a Final Fantasy fan
An interesting read on the history of FFXV (Versus XIII)'s development:
Why should I play FFXIV? [Opinion]
Final Fantasy VIII FREE Tribute Album: Seas of Time [Download it here]
Recommendation for type-0?
Never played FF. Want to play FF V - Which system?
FFX-2 percentage issue.
Final Fantasy's Lightning Gives an Interview About Fashion - GameSpot
Does XIII still have issues running at 1440p on PC?
On which character is the Genji Glove best equipped in FFXIII?
Quick few questions about the PS4 FF7 Port.
Final fantasy explorers?
What"s the best place to find Final Fantasy 12 wallpapers?
Has anyone else played Dimensions?
Aerith and Cloud by Tsuyomaru
Prompto's Vest Reads reads "It's a beautiful day now watch some bastard fuck it up."
Why Final Fantasy XIV is Secretly the Best Game in the Series?
The Progression Systems of Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII
Any After Effects users here? I'm giving away a free project of Final Fantasy I to X's battle and menu screens for everyone to use!
Terra by Didi-Esmeralda
What time Final Fantasy IX should release tomorrow.
Have you played Final fantasy Tactics MMO?
With the news of the FFVIIr being a multipart game, I'm starting to wonder about collectors edition game and console. Thoughts?
Job Preferences
Post your Final Fantasy predictions for 2016!
How do I track my order from Square Enix Store?
A friend of mines just gave me FF 13 and 13-2, are they worth playing?
FFX Tips?... I'm not doing well
After the announcement of the FFIX PC port, FFXII will be the only game not to have a port / remaster.
Question about the PS4 Final Fantasy games (7,X,etc)
FFIX Modding the Backgrounds
Does Sephiroth get stronger the more you level up?
Final Fantasy One Winged Angel, Nazi Music?
I got the trophy for beating Final Fantasy X by killing a random enemy.
Beating Sephiroth Without Touching a Button (No KotR, No 7777's, No KO, No Overflow)
Who performed the Aerith's Theme piano cover for the FF7 PS4 theme? It's beautiful.
Square Enix closes cloud gaming company Shinra Technologies
Final Fantasy IX Steam Store page is live!
Hajime Tabata compares Final Fantasy XV's main scenario to The Last of Us - Nova Crystallis
Final Fantasy XV Niflheim base battle
Streaming FFXII - International 4PM EST (the game some haven't seen)
Helletic Hojo Fan Art, created by yours truly.
Can someone give me a list of important missable items in FF7?
Best PC remake
I just want to talk Final Fantasy VII for a second...
What Final Fantasy had the easiest super-bosses?
So in 2017, Final Fantasy will celebrate its 30th anniversary
FFV Archeoaevis?
Final Fantasy V easy job setup?
So we dont know when ffix steam release now?
Does Final Fantasy really need male protagonists or party members?
Community Feedback for /r/FinalFantasy in 2016
FF games that makes you care more about about the secondary characters than the main ones?
Is there a way to just watch the major story elements of FF7?
Speculation on Rufus Shinra's increased role in the FFVII Remake
From reading the best and worst endings thread, it's apparent that the ending of Lightning Returns is highly polarising. What do you think of it?
TIL how to Play AERITH'S THEME from Final Fantasy 7 on piano! awesome quality work. good job sydney.
If you hate the state of FFXI but loved it pre-2008 I would recommend this private server.
Final Fantasy VII Remake Producer Says 2016 Will Still Be A Year Of Preparations - Siliconera
[FFX-2] These kids really hate Yuna
Who else loves this FFVII tune?
FFXV Will Have Explorable Cities of “Considerable Scale”
Final Fantasy 15 - Blitzball Type Of Game? (Video)
FFVII Remake - SPOILER ALERT!!111
Production (and Marketing and Opportunity etc) Costs of Final Fantasy XV up until now?
Could Final Fantasy IX possibly be releasing on Steam tomorrow? (x-post from /r/pcgaming)
[Spoilers!] Favorite Fan Theories?
A small theory about a particular event in FF7 (heavy spoilers)
A quick question about FFIV for the DS.
Red XIII's Pups... [Potential Spoilers]
One simple question on the ff9 remake.
Mobius Question o/
TIL that Final Fantasy was a game about stairs.
13 Reasons I Hate Final Fantasy XIII
Why Square Enix Is Carving Its Games To Bits (The Jimquisition)
Which game has the best credits music?
I created a world map for my 2-year-old D&amp;D campaign using FF IV's tileset.
Bartz, Terra, Strago and Fusoya were considered for Smash before Cloud was chosen for recognizability
In thе еvеnings quitе bоrning, оftеn lооking fоr a partnеr havе fun whеn rеady - rеgistеrs.
Woodburning of Anima from FFX.
Final Fantasy IX Steam status changed to coming soon and removed from list of upcoming titles.
We recently put out a video regarding FFXIII's Lightning's move into fashion, any thoughts?
Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD remaster review for ps4
New interview with Arnie Roth, conductor for Final Fantasy: A New World &amp; Distant Worlds
[FinalFantasy] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:tnsna
[FinalFantasy] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Final Fantasy V from Gilgamesh's Perspective (X-Post r/FFRECORDKEEPER)
FF9 SNES VERSION - In Progress
This arrangement of FFVII main theme needs some love
FFXIII v FFX - A Question of Linearity
Playing through the FFXIII series. Can I say the opening to FFXIII-2 was awesome!?
First time with Final Fantasy VI stream
Help identifying a tune
XIII-2 tips to start (no spoilers)
[PSA] Today is the last day to pickup FF games for 50% on mobile
Final fantasy type-0 advice
Side quests in FFX: Help
Final Fantasy XV - Batalha/Battle &amp; Stealth Gameplay - Taipei Game Show 2016
Final Fantasy XV on Twitter: "The Jan #FFXVATR will be streaming this week! NA: Jan 30 at 20:00PST EU: Jan 31 at 04:00GMT
Seattle Louis Vuitton store ads featuring Lightning?!
Anon on Aerith
MY Final Fantasy "Collection"
Yuna - The Sending
Got a tattoo dedicated to my favourite game series today!
[DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY] Techniques
FFX/X-2 coming to steam this spring. (Fact &amp; theory).
Steam Versions
Lightning Returns quote about art
How are the online games?
The 13 series may be my favorite story
For each games, where do you think the game/story start really ?
Final Fantasy 3 Music Mod
Which games in the series have the greatest replay value?
I just finished FF8, and...
[Spoiler] FFV - Just entered the sealed legendary weapons room
Why do we care about PC ports?
[YouTube] FF Music Arrangements made by myself!
FFXIII gets way more hate then it deserves
ign has new screenshots.
FFVII: The Music Collection
#139 - Tifa by Jrpencil on DeviantArt
What are the best Blue Mage spells for in Final Fantasy 5?
FFXIV: Patch 3.2 – The Gears of Change | Feb 23
Freya by 8Bpencil
Rank the FF games, from easiest to hardest.
Hey guys, i've finished my blitzball tournament :) All criticism is appriciated
[FinalFantasy] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:sdsaaanodogl
FFIX: Sound logic for a release date
I recently purchased 13 and 13-2. Is it worth the time-sink?
Final Fantasy XV: The Force Awakens
I have a Simple Survey about game users' trait.
If you didn't like the FFXIII games and feel the need to harass and terrorize people who actually played them...
Just fucking go to hell you fucking cocksuckers whining about FFXIII
The least expensive way to replay the whole FF series?
[FF1 rant] hunting down WarMech
FF13 compared to FF10
Has anyone had trouble with the text on FFVI PC?
Seeking writers for Final Fantasy content.
Need tips for FF6 final dungeon
ff7 Background issues steam
Final Fantasy XV - Latest Look at Combat
Tifa Question by Omar-Dogan on DeviantArt
Link to all Dead Fantasy episodes
FFIX for PC: Initial end-user testing began in November.
My Fenrir tattoo
[FFVII]Trouble with the ps4 port! Sleeping man won't wake to give me the mithril! (See link)
Final Fantasy XIII-2 (PC) Freezing
[FFXIII-2] Some things I like and hate so far.. Mainly my frustration of Noel.
FF X Evade and Counter ability and Magic User ?
FFX-2 HD remaster - not sure if Regen is working, help?
One thing that is bugging me in the FFIX port...
Final Fantasy Explorers Collector's Edition Pre-Order
FF6 : Ramuh on Sabin ?
Final Fantasy IX concept art.
Undertale - Bergentrückung/ASGORE with Final Fantasy VI Arrange
DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY iPhone 6 Wallpaper
Hey! I made a guitar cover of Cid's theme from Final fantasy VII
FFVII Boss Battle Theme covered by me, hope you guys like it
Square Enix is promoting an indie created game based on Final Fantasy Tactics, thoughts?
FFVII PS4 Port Battle Lag/Low Framerate
My Final Fantasy, Persona, Tomb Raider collection and more.
Some tips for each game?
Can you use the "summons" in Type-0 whenever you want, or are they only during set pieces, like in that HD gameplay reveal they did before the game released?
FFIV Dr. Lugae help!
Type-0 Alto Crystarium
Who has played Type 0 and enjoyed it?
FF Tactics is on sale on PSN store, do I get it? Or War of the Lions?
Tourist Series: Eorzea (FFXIV)
A little late on the TBT but... the best ending to any video game, ever.
FFIX HD Port of iOS gameplay
Streaming FF6 Steam, Late night. Join in on all the fun!
Final Fantasy IX is almost ready
HORNED TOAD OVERDRIVE!
Still remember her? She is so beautiful right..
Start of a FFVII sleeve thought you guys might like, got a lot more work on it to be done, the pictures don't do it justice
Thobuz Project - Force Your Way
HELP ME TO FIND THE BEST AMBASSADOR FOR EACH FF, GOOGLE SURVEY
Louis Vuitton is using Lightning for its new model
Might want to try playing final fantasy, don't know where to start off.
Which Final Fantasy to start with (on PS3)?
What are some FF endings that have made you cry?
A thought about the atmosphere of Lightning Returns
Final Fantasy XIV PS4: Will I lose my character if I don't renew right away?
If Final Fantasy was remade, staring Warrior of Light, what could we expect?
Would like to start Lightning Returns in Hard Mode on Steam right from the beginning.
Motomu Toriyama's new project
New Final Fantasy XV questions asked by fans answered
Final Fantasy 9 Emulated vs Steam comparison screenshots
Weekly /r/FinalFantasy Question Thread - January 04, 2016
Playing FFI when I found this (sorry for bad quality)
Kefka's Tower custom canvas paintings
Does anyone else just wish they'd make a good new game instead of all of these ports?
What's your favorite of the nes final fantasies
DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY iPad Retina, iPhone 6, iPhone 5, iPhone 4 Wallpapers
I want to play through VII, VIII, IX, and X - what are my best options?
What is the HARDEST Final Fantasy game to 100%?
Found some fun things in my basement cleaning it out today.
DAE want to play a Final Fantasy Tactics MMO?
FFXIV: Voice Actor Found Dead in the UK (Jan 5)
New year, new cosplay- White Mage / Black Mage sisters
[FinalFantasy] I want to try to have s*x with two guys at once. Write to me here
[FinalFantasy] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
So, I was listing all the interesting FF novels when suddenly...
Weekly /r/FinalFantasy Question Thread - January 25, 2016
Why no FFVIII mobile?
Help me find a certain FFIV walkthrough?
Were the crusaders responsible for Sins attack on Kilika?
I purchased a game key for Final Fantasy 14 Heavensward on a website called gamesdeal.com It says only for EU version.
Streaming entire playthrough of FFVII! Care to watch?
Final Fantasy 4 Remix: The Crown Jewels of Troia (Redux)
GameTrailers Community voted FFXV as their most anticipated title.
FF8 Series - Epi. 15 - Road To Deling City!
Ummm ok Squenix.....
healer takes the kill by sandara
What FFIX steam version backgrounds could look like if the port was given a bit more work...scroll down and be amazed
Help! I can't get Don Corneo to choose me!
What final fantasy games should i play before 15?
how long does it take to play the ff type 0 ps4 remaster story?
Was the FF12 remaster rumor nothing more then a rumor?
A lot of people are genuinely distressed by Final Fantasy IX's booster options. Why?
Without spoiling much, how essential is Triple Triad to the main story in FFIX?
Can someone help me with getting ff12 izjs setup?
So I ran into the FFX Auron "Look" Glitch..
Finished XII last night; it was alright, reasons inside
My SO made me an awesome birthday gift, for a FFI diehard
Here’s A First Full Look At Ramza In Dissidia Final Fantasy - Siliconera
Stats &amp; Specialties for all Job Classes : FinalFantasyExplorers
Final Fantasy VIII - Don't Be Afraid (Orchestral Arrangement) by Kunning Fox ~ This guy deserves more recognition and I think you might enjoy it, too.
playing final fantasy 7 and cid refuses to heal himself with the "restore + all" spell. Whats going on?
Got FF XIV for ps4, any tips/friends?
What does this MEAN?!?
What would you like to see in Future Titles?
[Spoiler] i have a question about FFX
Vivi Final Fantasy IX pencil sketch
Best way to play ff8?
What changes would you like to see in future FFTA titles?
Any iOS/Android/Mobile Remakes worthwhile?
Does anyone else think this sounds familiar... (FFXIV OST Gridania Day Time Theme)
Tsuyoshi Sekito- Composer of Explorers, another game under his belt.
Praise be to Yevon
[FFVI Spoilers] I first played this game many years ago, but there are two scenes that I only noticed recently held very strong parallels
My dear cheated on me! Here are pictures of her, masturbate ...!
The meanings you missed in Final Fantasy logos
So I just finished watching Advent Children for the first time.
Do you prefer 3 or 4 party members?
Community Discussion: How important do you think a large ensemble cast was to the success of Final Fantasy VI?
Finally found my slim ps2 and copy of ff12. It's been at least 5 years since i played. What game defining things might i have forgotten or missed in that time?
Last mission question
PSA: The game "Triple Triad" in the iOS app store is not from square-enix. You can play the legit version through their Portal.
Best Final Fantasy game for a deaf child?
