Extension For Using Netflix Outside of Your Country? Media Hint is no longer free
How do I get the normal search bar back?
why doesn't firefox support youtube 360 degree video playback? or is it the other way around?
Suspicious website forces itself open about once a day in a new tab and tries to download a binary file.
Converting my addon from xul to webExtensions
How to stop autoplay of youtube videos in the background?
Paired devices disappear from Android after a few hours until I open desktop browser again
Help w/ Spotify &amp; Netflix Icons
DAE use Heroku, but have problems logging in with Firefox?
Is blocking ads on twitter.com possible?
Help: How to keep Firefox from suggesting random sites in URL bar?
firefox doesnt refresh active tabs on startups - how to make firefox work like chrome?
Firefox 45 developer edition: No more legacy search bar?
Untrusted connection errors
Feature request: more efficient way to bookmark tabs like Chrome.
Did they remove the screenshot function from the browser console?
43.0.3 Netflix &amp; HTML5
[firefox] My name is Krisi. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Instagram shows grey squares on FF44.0
Need free ProxMate alternative
Lot of LAG in Firefox 44, many time I write complete sentences and only the 1st character is displayed and the rest of the sentence is diaplayed 7-10 second after, menu are slow too &amp; scrolling. :(
Is there a place to submit web pages that work fine with Reader Mode but don't have the option by default?
Why does Firefox 44 put a slash through the first letter in the address bar?
Question about tracking and tracking blocking
[Android] What are some good Firefox Android extensions you use?
uBlock origin and YouTube annotations
Youtube buggy on firefox 43.x
[Firefox YT Channel] The Hidden Business of the Internet [2:05m]
addon which blocks websites at certain times?
Just a reminder..
Noob question, how much can add-ons access?
Firefox json bookmark restore problem
Stops loading webpages after a while, works again after restart
Youtube gets messed up when I pause and switch a tab or alt tab
Is security.tls.insecure_fallback_hosts deprecated with FF 44?
How do I make the new tab page see-through?
Firefox Sync, iOS and Windows: where in my desktop browser can I find bookmarks that I make on my phone?
How to Remove Au.smartshopsave.com From Web Browsers – Browser Hijacker Removal Instruction | ComputerGuyZone.com
Why does right-click switch to a pointless 'draw dotted-line box' about 50% of the time?
How are Google services on Firefox? Do I miss out on functionality that I would get in Chrome?
Can't Login to Reddit Without "Accept cookies from sites" checked.
Standalone WhatsApp web app?
What do addon developers think about having to rewrite their addons for e10s, only to turn around again and rewrite for the new addon API?
Firefox Mobile Browser
Sick and tired of firefox lagging on youtube.
Does anybody know of a browser wide dark theme like FT DeepDark, meaning dark context menu, newtab background and stuff like that. FT DeepDark is incompatible with 44 and my eyes are bleeding.
OneDrive photo albums don't work in Firefox? (43, 46)
Anyone find YouTube unresponsive sometimes on the latest nightly?
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my atai
If Mozilla is so serious about privacy and security to put addons behind a wall, why does it allow proprietary addons?
YES! This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know... my odt
Extension to make certain websites load slower?
Lost ability to double click tab bar for new tab (43.0.4)
Untrusted Connection for google, refreshed firefox, didn't fix the problem, and instead lost all of my bookmarks!
Logged in YouTube causes entire browser to recurringly lose responsiveness
I can no longer develop my app on localhost because Firefox is blocking insecure forms.
Latest version of FF (42.0) crashes the moment I open it and works fine on versions before 37 (Mozilla crash report details in comments)
Help with preventing firefox from opening tab
Update returned video/gif stuttering, hardware acceleration on flash does nothing
Is there a Website blocker which blocks certain subdomains?
FF mobile text is small. Won't increase. Fine on chrome.
Active tab is automatically scrolled to the right when I go into a fullscreen video.
Mozilla Always Crash
Firefox will freeze when a YouTube page is open.
FEBE getting uninstalled on it's own?
Adblock Plus add-on destroys YouTube CSS and layout.
Is tracking protection redundant with uBlock and uMatrix?
Massive frame drop with Youtube
Warning: Scam Add-ons
Why does firefox keep on randomly turning my current viewing tab into a new window?? It is getting really annoying.
Memory leak on Firefox
Is there a "(terminal) pager" for Firefox, that allows one to "page" through text?
Hide mobile menu buttons when watching a video on android?
Forgot the name of add-on that spoofs most popular UA
Search Bar on Firefox 44.0 keeps disappearing after restart
Firefox 43.0.4 on Ubuntu 15.10 incredibly slow to load pages
How can I disable the "Visit &lt;domain&gt;" suggestions in my address bar?
Flash crashes on all videos.
Java plug-in started crashing since 42, 43 versions of Firefox
Embedded Youtube videos always start with full volume (FF doesn't remember previous setting)
Getting weird IE pop-up while using YT.
Mozilla is Shutting down persona.org in November 2016
Introducing Lean Data Practices | Mozilla Blog
Some pages will never "finish loading".
Why can't I download Firefox 44 from Play Store?
Firefox for Windows Mobile
Firefox not updating (Still v42.0)
PSA: Large webappsstore.sqlite file in your profile will heavily affect the responsiveness of Firefox's UI
Problem: Some Craigslist postings will not load properly. Help?
about:sync-log missing in android firefox
Hey boys I'm Liza and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
[firefox] Kimberly Olivas - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
The titlebar (wrong name?) is just white despite stylish plugins trying to change it. Windows 10.
Firefox blocks most HTTPS sites with 'Untrusted Connection' page
Nothing in my sessionstore-backups folder after massive browser crash.
Can anyone explain to me why I'm getting significantly lower speed tests in FireFox on three PCs on same network, than I do in Edge or Chrome on each one?
Firefox 44 puts a milky, semi-transparent overlay on the themed elements of the active/current tab. How do I disable this?
Can uBlock Origin or uMatrix be used to change the appearance of words on websites?
Problem with Bookmark Star. Help
Firefox — Notes (44.0)
Firefox Developer Edition (ver 48.0a2) just won me back. Page performance is through the roof, and it looks great. Keep it up, Mozilla!
I am having an issue with reader mode on Android - the icon is missing from the address bar, but I can access reader mode through my reading list.
Mozilla to remove WebRT from Firefox
browser border tiny annoying line (on Windows 10)
How to download old versions of an addon?
Firefox keeps freezing when loading new pages
Automatically disable extensions for certain pages?
Why didn't Firefox just use Widevine CDM?
new tab homepage?
Is it just me, or does firefox keeps getting worse?
About e10 (Electrolysis) add ons What is the meaning of "SHIMMED" ?
Spam using the Firefox brand - Toolbar related
Web Push Arrives in Firefox 44 &amp;#x2605; Mozilla Hacks
Is there any way to stop these? I have AdBlock Plus installed and still this appeared. I was unable to go back even I pressed back button so many times. Only closing the tab was the solution. Occasionally some other irritating ads also come.
Firefox 43.0.4 is not modern enough for YouTube Gaming
Is data saved over Firefox Sync at any point able to be seen by Mozilla?
Is it just me or Firefox for Windows 10 is miles better than Firefox for Linux?
Tab groups to be removed - why?
Can I recover my Cache from the "Old Firefox Data" older that was created when I "refreshed" firefox?
Can uBlock Origin block website elements from being loaded?
Stylish broken on FF Nightly
How to reduce bookmark and navigation bar height?
[Android]Selecting a form may cause infinite zoom out
Why does Firefox take relatively long to open?
Scrolling artifacting in Firefox 43.0.2 on latest Nvidia Drivers
I am seeing Firefox visual glitches like this for a couple of months now. Also the Firefox window itself is affected (eg. tabs, link bar, etc.). It mostly happens when browsing Imgur. Is that a known issue?
Why is that the more ram firefox uses the slower it gets?
What is the difference between places.sqlite and bookmarks-(date).json for bookmarks?
imgur: from webm to gifv on refresh ?
Is there a Firefox addon that let's you 'snooze' tabs until later?
Firefox (only) will not open gfycat at all anymore
Youtube Gaming not working on Firefox 43
Why is the contrast messed up on my theme now?
As the menu doesn't take up much space why can't Firefox display the contents of the title bar and the menu in the same line, rather than waste the space ?
UserScript loader in Firefox iOS
Is there any way to stop addons from opening a website when they update?
[Android] Any reliable google reverse image search solution? All of my context menu addons have broken.
Firefox pop-up problem, please help (pic inside)
Crash on Exit 43.0.4
Quick confirmation: is Firefox built against GTK3 from 45 beta onwards?
HTML5 videos choppy fullscreen in Firefox?
The Windows 10 Firefox layout looks a lot better than Linux's. Is there any way to get it on Linux?
Multi-monitor OS X Nightly users, have you experienced weird issues with context menus / hamburgers / tooltips or am I the broken one?
Lost buffered video when Private window closed
Better Firefox gear?
Why does Firefox start getting laggy (including when typing) when the RAM starts exceeding around 800mb?
How to disable twitch autoplay?
Mozilla experiments with a combined Firefox address and search field
[firefox] My ex-girlfriend...this cheаted on me with а friend аnd I decided to post а link on its pаge with ero photo
[bug] Dealing with some privacy issues in the new Firefox 44.
Is Firefox ever going to add proper hardware accelerated decoding in Linux?
Old sync does not sync passwords to mobile
Vimperator tweaks
Help Troubleshoot: Can't play embedded video on this NYT page
(Sigh!) Microsoft at it again: updated silverlight, got new "improved" start page (lots of nice popups) and a fullpage option to enable Bing with no cancel. WTF MS?
Is this the place I can rant about what I dislike?
Is it necessary to update to FF43 version 1, 2, 3, 4?
Any way to rotate a web page, or video?
What app/program to use to autofill forms on websites and such for firefox?
Plugin to modify internal html parser?
I work in social media, and I will often use Chrome for work because of how NoScript interferes with a lot of websites. But I would rather have two Firefox programs - so which alternate release should I use as an alternate to Chrome?
Where is the option to remove the "sign in to sync" and "start a conversation.." options in the tools menu?
youtubecenter and requestpolicy broken
Firefox starts flickering when too many images have been loaded
Looking for an addon that copies any link by simply right clicking it !
Problems Updating
Opened 10 tabs in Firefox and it became unbearably slow after few minutes. Opened 95 tabs in Chrome and it had no performance impact even after an hour of usage. Why is Firefox so slow?
I got rid of slow addons by checking "about:performance". Cand I see what is making Firefox start slow?
Smooth web fonts but not those with hinting?
When is search for an acronym that I type while holding the shift key, firefox adds .net to it and treats it as a URL
Wicked Tickets Portland
Fire HD 10, 10.1" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black
My firefox updated and now I can't view photos in Onedrive anymore. Does anyone have ideas?
Website detects I have Flash disabled and redirects -- how to prevent this from happening?
Firefox 44 problems
in the evenings quite boring. often looking for a partner have fun when ready-registers
Contributors/employees of Mozilla, let us know you are on this subreddit :)
PSA: For those with having problems with Firefox slowing down/hanging when hovering over Flash elements, update Firefox to 43.0.2, and get the latest Flash
This addon youtube plus always loses it's settings when I shut off or reboot my computer. I am using FF 44 on linux mint 17.3 Cinnamon 64bit.
all file downloads fail
Fonts too thin with the new Update
Tree Style Tab alternative?
I have NoScript, Disconnect, and uBlock. Are any of those doing the exact same job, that I could get rid of one?
First Location Bar result is missing "www"
Weird YouTube and window focus interaction in Firefox
Twitter gives errors in Firefox on twitter.com
Which is the best redirect bypasser?
What addon can I use to monitor and log what third party javascripts and cookies are loaded when I visit a site?
[Question] Is there an addon that will make sure that your session is saved and that even Tab Groups will save?
Words I have added to firefox (from persdic.dat) where did this dictionary come from??
i want to save history of specific sites, loading each site's history similar to lading sessions, preserving it after i clear history, is there a way to do it? an addon maybe?
Firefox for Ubuntu 43.0.4 Freezing
It's me or Youtube (HTML5) works poorly on Firefox lately?
Poor performance when Youtube is open? It may be your subscriptions. Here's how to fix it.
Would you like to make Mozilla Firefox your default browser?
[Request] An add-on that automatically like YT videos if I watch longer than a set amount of time.
Firefox hanging on startup won't load websites, flash hangs and then crashes.
How to Disable "Untrusted Connection" Prompt?
Anyone else wish that Firefox was more "polished"?
Would you recommend upgrading to FF64bit even if i have only 4GB RAM?
Anyway to make "mobile bookmarks" easily accessible on desktop?
Greasemonkey doesn't work with Firefox Nightly, but works fine with Firefox Beta. Any ideas why?
Any add-on or setting to set a default language for websites?
Delete Account
How do I determine which plugin/extension is leaking if it is leaking?
Any decent alternatives to speakit?
Youtube Subscriptions : Random videos broken.
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..tgaa
Is this being caused by Firefox?
Test post please ignore
Having an issue with add-ons, can someone take a look?
Youtube zoom problem
Does Firefox support opening tabs from different computers on the same Sync account?
Is there a way to find out which addons use the most cpu and memory usage?
Certificate exception handling not working; can't access certain sites
Talk into my ears while you’re banging me.
Do a lot of major extensions like lastpass still not work on firefox x64?
Does any one here enables sending data to Firefox?
According to a report by Rebecca Weiss on Bugzilla, about 40% of all Firefox users don't have add-ons installed.
DNSUnblocker on firefox
[help] netflix bug i cant solve
Why is Firefox now showing an option to search Google when typing in the URL bar?
Even Brendan Eich (Father of Javascript, former CEO of Mozilla) thinks Chrome is a better browser!
Pale Moon 26.0 released! [xpost /r/palemoon]
CES 2016: Firefox OS Still Alive, Powering New Panasonic UHD TV
Firefox 43.0.4 release notes
how do i customise the menu bar?
Can't see 2160p60 videos on Firefox
How can I install the previous version of the Firefox for Android app?
Autoscrolling addon which works with latest version?
How to remove titlebar?
e10s question: do Private tabs get their own seperate process?
Keep getting "An error has occured" when trying to watch a YouTube video
Simplest YouTutube-&gt;mp3 download addon?
Google Play Music HTML5 Unsupported?
Small question while making an add on for firefox.
Would you like to make Mozilla Firefox you default browser?
Can't go to Google "This Connection is Untrusted" after refreshing my Firefox?
Firefox 44 - Download files without extension
How do I prevent double bookmarking of the same url when the only difference between them is a trailing forward slash?
What's happening here?
Userchrome code to hide an annoying white line ?
Ublock Origin not blocking popups on this site.
Too many dropped/corrupted frames, disabling DXVA
Starting to get really tired of this graphics bug. Is there anything that can be done about it?
Is there an alternative to AlienTube for FireFox?
Meet Chirimen, a Firefox OS-Powered IoT Single-Board Computer Developed by Mozilla
uBlock Origin developer gorhill is looking for list maintainers
How to make firefox switch to New Tab/Ctrl+T?
How can I turn off the audio indicators on my tabs?
FF doesn't supports modern web standards.
Firefox v43 broke title bar transparency for Mac?
Mozilla demotes Firefox OS as push notifications appear in Firefox 44
What's troubling you Firefox?!.
[firefox] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [firefox]
Mozilla to improve Firefox WebKit compatibility
Updated to Firefox 44, and now I can't seem to load any saved tab sessions from session manager. Anyone else seeing this?
Twitch streams auto unpause
[Windows 10][Firefox 43.0.4] Downloading files with "save to" can't "see" mapped network drives
How do I make a greasemonkey script to convert tinypic images to imgur?
Anyone have any trouble opting out of advertisers tracking you via: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/?
"A Script on this page has stopped working" whenever I go on YouTube
My Firefox only tries to load for a few seconds if the server is slow
Will Firefox ever support folder uploading in cloud storage services like Onedrive, Google Drive, or Mega?
Big problem here with RAM
Firefox will now push email, social media notifications directly to your browser
Bug Verification Day - January 13
How to sign a Document in Gmail With The HelloSign Firefox Add-On
Comparing Firefox OS vs Android
Tab titles turn grey, text inputs act weird?
Add-on for always opening certain sites in private window
The new Firefox Android update...
Firefox is redirecting intranet websites to ".com" sites, even when add-ons are disabled.
[Help] Problems with Google Docs on Linux, fine on Windows
Can't view youtube correctly on Firefox
Mozilla and their Sponsored Tiles... Revive the effort?
Hacking Facebook app on Firefox OS
Default search engine and search suggestions
Getting black screen loading on flash pages all of a sudden.
Firefox is lagging when I have as much as one tab open
Is it possible to move the search box from bottom to top? Or somewhere below the address bar? The box where we use for CTRL + F to match words in the page?
Block Facebook and Google tracking me with uBlock?
Bug: Firefox UI and canvas artifacts if too many tabs are loaded.
Spoof Location or IP with firefox?
Strange squares instead video, FF 43.0.4, Win7
Firefox Platform Status - Implementation &amp; standardization roadmap for web platform features
Encrypt your Facebook chat with crypter, a Firefox and Chrome extension!
ctrl + shift + n direct me to a website which ublock origin blocks?
NoScript - why do its icons keep disappearing with every browser restart
Is there a way to sync Firefox and Chrome bookmarks?
How can I fix the colored title bar?
Preparing for Firefox 45+ Signing
on 42.0, in the last couple of days seems my HTML5 settings have changed. No flash installed but html5 sites are working the same as in the past.
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my dat
Honaar Soon Mee Hyaa Gharchi - Episode 790 - January 4, 2016 - Full Episode
Open Tab from Other Devices--why does double-clicking a tab remove it from the list?
Yellow dropdown text?
How to automatically decline all follower requests on Twitter?
Really fantastic thing Firefox does that no other browser does
What's the point of DownThemAll!?
CAN't get rid of firefox "hello". "start a conversation..." can not be removed from menu. wasn't here earlier.
Installed Leechblock, and now I can't get rid of it
Firefox 44 = compromised privacy [bug]
Firefox 44 breaks complete themes?
ELI5: How do I switch sound output devices for HTML5 audio/video without restarting my whole browser? (Firefox 43, Linux, ALSA)
Is there a way to tell whether an addons will be usable in the coming depreciation of xul-addons?
"Enable persistent logs" on developer tools doesn't work
Is there a way to use Reader View on offline pages?
How to auto-hide url bar with userChrome.css?
Private Browsing mode, AND extensions?
Two recent problems with Firefox after updates
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my aad
Outside of your profile in %appdata% does Firefox store information anywhere else?
[Android] Opera has this option, and Dolphin has pc-style tabs by default. Will Firefox ever get real tabs?
Youtube broken in Firefox
Custom browser history?
Best WebSite Online! ) Find Your Love to night! my sdd
Pocket lands as Firefox's second System Add-on - gHacks Tech News
Personally identifiable information in the Firefox folder
Firefox's Youtube to flash extension has suddenly disappeared from my toolbar.
How do you set downthemall as the automatic downloader?
Comparing Firefox OS vs Android speed [Video]
Tried everyone's suggestions without luck. (Graphics bug)
Icons missing from Firefox developer tools. [Firefox 44.0/Windows 10 x64]
Possible to trim spaces in adress bar?
Should I update Firefox v42.0 - Has Mozilla killed theme support yet?
Just updated to 44.0, now cannot load anything in Firefox
Java doesn't show up in addons
Webms not working in Firefox anymore.
Can not Access Reddit over Firefox
Oracle Says It Is Killing the Java Plugin
Sudden appearance and cannot remove "start a conversation..." in menu
Ctrl+F finds nothing 43.0.4
Firefox looks like it's broken after last update. (weird glare on focused tab and bookmark toolbar).
Can other admin users retrieve my stored passwords?
firefox won't open windows folder
Is something being done to take care of vibrations on Firefox Android?
[Help] This connection is untrusted | Macintosh
URL fixer addon breaks Firefox Android
YouTube change served lower-quality video to Firefox 43 for 2 weeks
Mozilla and Panasonic’s new smart TVs show Firefox OS isn’t dead yet
Bug Verification Day - January 6
Salshdotter predicts 2016 to be disastrous year for Firefox
Firefox versus Chrome image quality on the same video. Why is Firefox significantly worse?
Is anyone willing to create a umatrix tutorial, I really like this addon but it's a bit over my head.
Dark Flat Minimal Firefox Skin
Add-on Signing Update: Removal of the disable preference delayed to Firefox 46.
Bug Triage Day - January 25
Firefox doesn't remember this url...
Addon which actively or on-demand checks whether a program / film is available on Netflix / Amazon / Other etc.
Limit Firefox memory consumption
Looking for solution similar to Chrome's save as pdf option
Protip: Press shift+F2 and type "restart" to restart Firefox manually.
Firefox Android usage questions
Add-on / option for Chrome-like infinite scrolling with scrollbar?
H.264 not working
Is there a way to keep Firefox loaded in memory for fast launches?
Updated Firefox Security Indicators
Do search keyword bookmarks still work in Firefox 44?
[firefox] My name is Rachel. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
Do you need to install Flash anymore?
Reallow javascript in the url-bar
Told a website it could not use my location. Now I want it to but it won't ask me. How to fix?
Can't get gifs to work in Firefox anymore
Why is Youtube WEBM VP9/MSE enabled on Linux, but not on Windows?
Request to get rid of the AutoModerator messages on this sub.
firefox add-on malware checker?
Invisible buttons in youtube player on third party sites.
Firefox glitching after upgrade to 1440p monitor while using a theme.
What's up with Netflix support on Linux, any news?
[Help] Is it possible to change the scrolling range of page down / up?
[firefox] My ex-girlfriend cheated on me with a friend and I decided to post a link on its page with erotic pictures
Firefox 43.0.4 - every Youtube video errors
32-bit vs 64-bit browsers: which version has the edge?
Dark persona theme+Tree Style Tab
youtube and firefox
plugin-container.exe is using up a lot of RAM, is this normal?
Are there any Material Design themes?
Three problems that manifested after I switched to 64-bit Firefox.
potch on Twitter: "Mozilla now has a platform status dashboard! Find out what platform features we're working on or plan to support: https://t.co/NnYQnes4kq"
FF 43.0.1 - Linux: fi in the address bar becomes a Y with ` at the top. The image example is of a search for firefox
Is there a Firefox-compatible script/addon for reddit that allows me to store a custom remark/notes for the username?
Just opened Firefox and Firefox had disabled every single one of my extensions -- some cannot be re-enabled
Stylish - Does it data track?
Why does Firefox always slow down over time? [Please Answer!]
Firefox has animations on Windows, not on Linux
Good Bye and Thank You!(favbrowser)
After Firefox update, my video clips are now stored as "Firefox clips"
Is there a config that would open https://example.org when I type example.org?
Must have extensions?
Firefox Developer Edition 46 feels faster than Chrome
Starring over with Sync again with same email - how long it will take to delete data?
No option to set video to 4k60 on YouTube
"Three-finger tap for link preview" extension?
How to save and load tab sessions for 2 windows?
Firefox the most requested app on Ubuntu Phones
Having issues with firefox, everytime I start firefox or try to reset default homepage I get a "Error, can't initialize plugins directory"
Firefox to convert old YouTube Flash code to HTML5 Video
Vimperator broken on Firefox 44
Test post ignore it
Firefox Window won't stop messing up
Typing in a search engine is very slow
Is Firefox x64 crashing more frequently for some people?
Several problemas after Firefox 43.0.3
How can I help spread firefox without being annoying?
New Firefox 44 and perhaps a new privacy issue with regard to form history.
Firefox 44 x32 vs Firefox Nightly x64
/r/Firefox will soon have a new look - please provide feedback on it here!
New update forced new seach bar
Why is it that when Mozilla changes something in Firefox that's inspired by Chrome people are threatening on switching to Chrome because they hate it?
Trying to restore firefox portable from saved profile
Last firefox update broke something?
Firefox opens a local file on startup
Y2K of Time Zones with Popular Browsers on Windows
HomestarRunner Base profiles unmarried woman age 20+ online. Base is avalible only 2 hours. Nude photos, please be reserved.
Getting weird IE pop-up on YT.
Could someone edit this css for me?
Stupid new firefox is glitchy as hell and didnt restore the 40+ tabs i had opened and now Iost everything.
Keyboard shortcuts no longer work on Google
Bookmarks keep resetting in toolbar
Firefox 44.0 removed "Always Ask" option for cookies
How to change size of bookmarks bar?
How to Remove Outrageous Deal and Offer 4u Pop-up Ads | btignitesolutions.com
Does anybody know if a browser wide dark theme like FT DeepDark, meaning dark context menu and stuff like that. DeepDark is incompatible with 44 and my eyes are bleeding.
Firefox 44 : Font feels very anemic
Magnifying glass icon in the search bar.
Looking for an extension providing similar functionality as Chromiums "suspend inactive tabs" feature
Is it possible to make FF show previews of all tabs in the task bar, AND show what window they're in?
Really? Really Mozilla? ABP couldn't be verified as an addon? Thanks mate.
Getting lots of "This Connection is Untrusted" errors?
So people who like their privacy, what do you think of this addon?
Disabling Firefox 44 or 45 or 46 (whatever the latest stable is, minus one version*)'s loading pages with previous visits behavior
Is bookmarks.html "recommended"?
Twitch feels laggy on firefox
When viewing reddit in np mode, spellcheck doesn't work.
Firefox Sync not working? 1/2016
Safe Website dropbox - middle-top
[Android] Is there any way to get a bigger searchbar?! I've tried Userstyles.org and simply_google.htm
Have you ever wondered why Firefox can't use Widevine CDM on Linux? Well, it can.
Firefox lags with two windows open and one of them being a stream.
i sometimes have to click multiple times on something to make it work?
Issues in some video players in Firefox for Android
***** Why isn't Tracking Protection defaulted to on???? Answers inside
Totally disable tabbed browsing in Firefox (Linux)
Temporary hangs on scripts/kwift.FFJETPACK.min.js:1
Is there a way to benchmark webpages, and diagnose which ones are causing Firefox to run poorly? Occasionally I encounter pages that will lag the entire browser.
Ever since Firefox 43, freezes on launch. After reinstall will launch exactly once. Rolling back to 42 fixes the issue.
You can still use old MediaHint extension to watch TS with Jimmy Fallon, NBC.com episodes and others.
Firefox Android Notifications
[Follow up] Just updated to 44.0, now cannot load anything in Firefox
unable to use firefox sync on arch linux
Does firefox not support 5.1 sound anymore?
Firefox hogs resources and is ridiculously slow, despite everything I've done.
Any fix for the broken addons? [Nightly]
How Forbes inadvertently proved the anti-malware value of ad blocke
Is there a filter for DownThemAll that saves images with their file descriptions from the site as their names?
Extensions disappearing in Firefox
Ad Block keeps uninstalling itself after restarting firefox
Mozilla test new Unified Urlbar
Sometimes, Firefox doesn't load properly after maximising from the taskbar. Elements only load after mouse hovering. Gif included.
Get free webcam show! Just for registered users, and please, 18+ [firefox]
Page jump when changing between tabs
Is there a way to unpair YouTube.com and Gmail?
Firefox 40 not loading facebook and reddit at all T.T
Heads up about icons not showing in Firefox 44.0
Hover zoom or other extension?
Setting a keyboard shortcut to open a folder of bookmarks
Stylish styles have disappeared
Latest Stylish update breaks on Nightly worse than before
Bug? on Windows 10, Firefox doesn't use the same browser-specific keyboard that Edge and Chrome use
Is there an add-on that works with Noscript that will automatically detect which sites to allow in order to play media?
Firefox for Android automatically opens keyboard on some websites.
Would you be so kind as to recommend an extension that will stop the auto-refresh that some pages use such as ESPN or CNN please?
Firefox for iOS - Anyone crashing on startup (you see the Apple logo and you're back to the home-screen) ?
PSA: Custom Buttons add-on causes ridiculously long startup time in Firefox 44 and above
Why does this not work?
Mozilla Support - Get Involved
New with Ublock origin ---&gt; Problem with the Selector: When I select something to hide the screen become dimmed and dark and I can't see anything ???
Where does Firefox store its search plugins now?
How to upgrade to 64 bit without losing any data/preferences?
The Tab Groups Button Add-On is a great addition to Tab Groups
Where can I find a diagram of Firefox's components?
I have my own homepage on C: drive and I want to remove the file:///C:/Users/blah/blah/blah.htm part from urlbar. Or maybe not showing it is better wording.
Control of the "newtab" page
Looking for a Sync alternative... again.
This is what happens when I go into fullscreen... Any suggestions highly appreciated! [details in comments]
The former CEO of Mozilla is launching a web browser that blocks all ads by default
Flash is expected to be dead in two years
About e10 (Electrolysis) add ons What is the meaning of "shimmed" ? (English is not my first Lang.)
All the images in my Firefox were pixelated. So I made the best out of it.
Walmart.com unstable
Firefox not saving history, I suspect corrupted places.sqlite file. How do I get my history and bookmarks our of the corrupted file.
Just refreshed my Firefox to start from scratch. What are you favorite Greasemonkey scripts?
Youtube addon for subscriptions new videos?
Self-Destructing Cookies keeps on disappearing and stops working (x-post /r/privacytoolsio)
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for firefox
Right click option "Take". What is it?
Flash player keeps crashing
Opening links in native apps installed on Android?
Duplication? Why doesn't Firefox have a "duplicate" option when right-clicking tabs. Can anyone enlighten me please?
Firefox 43.0.4 style sheet issue
Firefox logged me out from every site on it's own...
I'm having some issue with keyword set for a custom search engine.
/r/Firefox has a new theme!
Firefox and youtube + webm
REQUEST: How to export search engines from FF
When i open bookmarks in a new tab, Firefox instantly switches to them. How do i stop it?
Tried everyone's suggestions without any luck (graphics bug)
[Feature request]Improve Tabs From Other Devices
I want to switch to Firefox but I have the following problems with setting it up (language, bookmarks, spellchecker).
Audio indicator stays on silent tabs
