Advice for a college student
Kneeling overhead press?
Stuck on 10kg dumbbells.
I want to be able to do whatever this is called.
Do you find that a solid workout during the day helps you fall asleep at night?
Looking for this website
Equipment suppliers and ordering gear.
I have my first competition tomorrow and I'm super nervous
I stopped being a stubborn newbie and threw away my "random routine" to start the AWR for beginners. (M/26/140) 25+ body fat according to BulkorCut. Currently cutting. Thoughts on my stats?
What is a good online store to purchase replacement equipment ?
I dropped weight really fast for the USMA CFA how can I best get it back without losing too much definition/agility/endurance/etc.
Really, what's so bad about not eating regular meals?
Increasing 5kg in a month?
Any weight vest fans out there? Are they worth it? Brand recommendations?
So I have my macros figured out...what about micros?
Decrease volume on cut even if I don't feel the fatigue?
Best core strengthener at work?
Question about bulking: how do I know how much muscle vs fat weight I'm gaining?
How do you prevent future back pains?
Stupid question Regarding GNC Brand Protein Powder
My girlfriend insists on just training twice a week. Can she expect to make gains?
Is there a difference between barbell and dumbell lunges? If so, is one better than the other - specifically to work the glutes?
Trap Deadlift vs Standard Deadlifting
Conflicting information
Full body Workouts of the Legends for Busy People.
I've tried everything, I can't get past a plateau...
Form Check Deadlift 315lbs
I've plateaud. What can I do?
What are some good female YouTube lifters that I can follow?
What's your go-to vegetable?
Is this a good beginner program?
Can sprinting or HIIT be used while bulking?
MFP &amp; Workout Calorie Adjustment
If I'm averaging 2000 calories a day and running 8-10 miles a week...
75x5 Squat - Form Check
6'7" and lanky. Tips on lifts and apparel?
On-the-go lunches with good macros in the UK
ON "Gold Standard" Whey changed their formula. What would you suggest as a close substitute?
Advice on improving low bar squat by widening stance?
What are you guys eating to get enough protein for 1 gram / lb
A question about Google Fit and daily calorie count
Boxing (heavy bag) training for cardio? HIIT or 30 min continuous
Farmer's carries every workout?
Short people using squat rack?
Deadlift form check (4th time, I think now i got it right)
So I'm considering using an appetite suppresant. Thoughts, advice, or suggestions?
Weight gain help / Tips
I am allergic to wheat, dairy and nuts. What protein powder should I use?
HIIT vs. Constant-state cardio (research/sources)?
Interesting Article: A Calorie is Not a Calorie
I need serious help.
2016 - Vegan body building challenge, help!
Looking for opinions on an archery routine
Only feeling the burn in one leg?
M/23/6'3 From 150 pounds to 200 pounds. A small account of my journey from an almost sickly skinny, shy self conscious guy to a muscular and much more confident one.
Dumbbell Curls vs Alternating Dumbbell Curls
I'm not sure if this belongs here, but I'm working on getting my diet in check and need advice
Which PT certification to get? Possible to take the test without taking the class?
What are the clear crystal flakes in protein powder?
Training for symmetry with a substantial muscle imbalance (birth defect)
What kind of supplement do you use, and what is really necessary? +more
Feeling cold while cutting
I'm about to start living out of my car. Can I live off of weight gainer shakes and daily multi-vitamins?
Progression on planks?
How do I best use a sauna, steam room, and whirlpool spa?
Do you disagree with any of the form tips from the StrongLifts 5x5 site? Why?
My take on Greyskull LP with accessories and spreadsheet
1 Year Anniversary (248&gt;168) – Battled through leg disability &amp; ACL surgery, no more excuses – Before/After Pictures
Self-Promotion Saturday
How effective are "feeder" workouts in terms of building size?
What are the essential supplements for those who does workout?
Some simple changes to my sleep schedule &amp; bed gave me a rapid gains in results, boosted my metabolism, &amp; almost completely eliminated my cravings for junk food
Benchpress or dumbbell press?
How do you control your weight when you're always hungry?
Gaining Ankle Strength For Hockey
Someone posted a good warm up for squats a few days ago but I can't find it.
Just started squatting - form check
Finally got myself a week split schedule. What do you think?
Home gym flooring
PHUL - 1 left in the tank clarification.
How to find the correct weight I should bench/barbell curl?
No Soreness after Workouts anymore - is it OK?
How does this protein compare to others?
Form Check: Squat/Bench/Dead. New Lifter
Is cutting out sodium worth it for aesthetics?
6 week cut -- before/after
A question about squats and knees
I'm not losing anymore weight! Help me Reddit I need to slim down! (New diet plan and excersise regime)
Is lifting in shoes with a raised heel that bad ?
What program should I do?
Just got a gym membership, need some advicr
What is your favourite HEALTHY meal that doesnt taste like crap?
Want to clear up some confusion
Reverse Transformation: 27/M/6'0 Lean Mass Loss from 190lb to 160lb after 8 months backpacking. Help me transform back!
What is the average bench/squat for a 32 year old male. 5'8/155lbs?
How to get Inspiration?
So many questions. Answers to any, or all, would be appreciated.
Interesting blog by a tall and skinny-fat guy
Pretty sure I tore my ACL...again. What workouts can I do?
A Dangerous Feminine Health Trend You Should Never Try
How many more calories do I burn when I workout with a sweatshirt on? Is it significant enough to actually help?
Training the elderly. (Seeking PT advice)
Wrist injury; looking for exercises I can still do for back
Check out this professional graphics designer
f[20] lost too much weight during winter break and now I want to gain it healthily
Need advice on building my back (advice)
Teach me how to cut! :)
Pre-workout meal ideas for during a mini cut?
Shin Splints in Forearm problem from Curls?
Beginner questions: cardio, machine/free weight and whatnot
As a 16 year old, best way to lower body fat percentage?
I need a good cardio workout at home, without a cardio machine.
Powai: The Perfect Housing Destination
Has anyone used ligandrol/sarm supplements
Joining an auxiliary program of the US Navy that requires quit a bit of exercise, and I can't run to save my life.
Why are Processed Foods so Bad for You?
Need new workout plan for spring break
55 Healthy Snacks That Will Make You the Star of a Super Bowl Party
Form Check: Jefferson Deadlift
GYM WILDLIFE Beasts of Nature
Strength Gain Advice
Starting a new phase...
I'm trying a new routine.
I jumped back into he gym, please help me to remove some missunderstandings.
My right leg is longer than the left one and is causing a lot of problems for chest and stomache exercise. What do?
Tomorrow is February 1st. Are you still going to the gym? Some tips to help you stick to your fitness goals (xpost /r/lifeprotips)
Any good tricep isolation lifts for someone with bad elbows?
Working Out During Chemo:
Animal M-Stak(EU) or Animal Stak(EU)
17 Times Disney Princesses Totally Felt Our Workout Struggles
What's an impressive/above average amount of weight for a woman to goblet squat, curl, dumbbell bench press, and deadlift?
Gym newbie question.
[Achievement] F, 168cm, 58 kg, 19 y/o; 2 pull-ups with +10 kg
This Single Mother Makes Over $700 per Week Helping Businesses With Their Facebook and Twitter Accounts....... And Now You Can Too!
DB exercises in a squat rack?
Management Of Overweight and Prevention Of Weight Gain
Going Around in Circles
Loudest Bluetooth earphones for jamming out while pumping iron?
Buy Adderall, Xanax, Percocet, Oxycontin, Valium, Ambien, Ritalin, Phentermine online,
Work out during lunch during 12 Hr Shift
How clean do i need to eat to get visible abs/overall a more toned body?
Recommendations for workouts to keep fitness levels up and tone muscles.
Meal preppers: What do you bring with you?
Why is my TDEE so low?
portuguese people of r/fitness where do you buy protein??
My excuse for avoiding the gym this week
Bulk of Cut? 25M 178 lb. 6' 1'
Does anyone eat the same thing every week?
Indulge Yourself with Indulgences By Body Bronze’s Signature Spa &amp; Beauty Care | PressRoom:
Sitting at a treadmill desk
Female, 23, 150lbs, 5 ft 8, looking to tone up but can't find the right exercises
Plateauing is YOUR OWN FAULT!
Lower back pain while deadlifting...how do I fix this?
BF Estimate? 18 M 6'4" 175 lbs
Skin Whitening Treatment
Hit a wall on flat bench. Any tips?
Just started Piyo by Beachbody
Lifting regularly for 7months. Hit plateau and my bench and squat are just about the same, is that strange?
Last October I started running after over a year off, now I'm regularly pushing 10k with relative ease :D
Cardio question
Mini bulks within a cut? Noob question
Looking for recs for mid-level core workouts
Questions about good everyday exercises to do to stay fit and in shape.
How to get my body back after a year of neglect.
M (for Marsupial)/7/6'1" Three-Month Transformation (200&lt;180)
Any tips to improve the immune system? keep getting sick after working out possibly due to eating disorder when I was younger?
Finding the right weight [Please Help!]
24(M), 5ft 8 inches tall- need to lose 50lbs. Any suggestions welcome.
Need help gaining weight.
Recommendations for an inexpensive / accurate 0.1lb resolution bathroom scale?
I'm a beginner, this question may annoy some people.
Rotator Cuff Injury Treatment by therapy and exercise by Shoulder Pillow
Bulking since 2010, it's time to look lean and mean.
best exercise to get rid of or reduce love handles/ waist?
Progress report and some advice / critique
Thoughts of weight loss
Daily Fitness Tips From Professionals
Set the bar for your year today.
How to maintain muscles/weight regardless of a "navelhernia"
[21 M] Very obese, and need help losing it. 388lbs
Started running this year, heart rate upwards of 194bpm. Is that safe?
How to get attractive, fit?
Recovering ED folks, how long after you felt you were 'recovered' did your metabolism settle/go back to a normal range?
I'm calling you out. you're not a resolutioner yet you curl in the squat rack.
Running daily to better cardiac health
Preventing odor from workout clothes? I'm tired of wasting money on poor quality.
$15 off $60+ Supplement/Powder Amazon Purchases and other Price Drops
So, how much money does a gym owner make?
Psychological Battle - Overall improvement but this is getting frustrating...
[Question] Is it unhealthy to find happiness from looking good?
Almost no muscle mass or endurance, at the tail end of anorexia recovery, and I'm looking to learn to lift. Please help?
Michael B. Jordan's Creed Workout &amp; Supplements?
Moikit Seed Water Bottle: Anyone have any experience with it? Seems like a potentially useful product.
Food prep! ran at around 60 bucks.
What is the best deal you've seen for gym membership plans?
Attempting to eat while recovering from undiagnosed eating disorder
Form Check: DL- 2 reps (315 Lbs).
Fitness fanatics: Would you join the 5x50 challenge?
Songs for hitting a new 1 rep max?
20 Y.O (M) looking to get in shape for football season
Morning work out hurts my joints.
Watch Me Whip Cardio Warm Up
Weaker at home?
Help me Achieve my goal
Good tasting protein shakes?
Boxing (heavy bag) for cardio? Opinion on most effective training method?
Getting pain in right leg when squatting
Barbell exercise for lats?
To eat or not to eat?
Avoid imbalances while rehabbing?
Cardio frequency and gaining
Form check Low bar squats 60kg with butt wink!
Underhand grip on Barbell Rows: dangerous?
Need help with workout plan specifics. (3 day split)
Squat depth check
Difference between physically reaching your limit and mentally thinking you can't continue
Looking for a gym but I'm in a new city every week.
Cardio and working out intertwined?
Lasting cheat day effects
Beginning to Plateau. How do I overcome this?
Calories for Cutting
Noob questions
Perfect weight for me
Fitness journey since last April. Reporting in on a terrible note. Hopefully it gets better.
Can I drink a lot of diet coke ?
6'2" 190lb guy. Looking to add to run/swim gym routine
Abdominal hypertrophy
19 year old male. Starting the gym this week for the first time. Any advice?
Just started working out with a buddy, help us improve our workout schedule
Gym Frustration in Korea
What are pro-harmones?
A couple of questions.
Is the Davies Test biased?
Alternative to running whilst training for a 10 mile obstacle course
17 yr/o male, chest problem
How do I quit my addiction to a soft drink ?
Coconut oil and coffee?
Deadlift (225lbs) Form Check
Father has degenerative arthritis of the knee and is overweight - how to approach his situation?
Decrease body fat percentage properly considering daily calories intake
Help me choose protein
Looking to start AWR beginner program and have a question
is there such a thing as too much of a deficit on deficit deadlifts??
Should I change my routine for a 5x5 stronglift?
Why Do Reps at All?
What is water retention and how do I resolve it?
24, south east asian. am i too late to get shoulders like michael phelps?
Can you guys see anything wrong with this program?
Gym Story Saturday
Post Workout Drink Advice
Gaining weight with an overactive metabolism.
Shoulder Workout
First full-time job, extremely low energy level impacting my workouts
Is bulking really necessary?
Deadlifting - hands on knurling, or arms straight down?
Question about drinking water
Quick question about creatine.
5x5 Stronglifts 4 days a week. Is HIIT really necessary?
Fat "going to the wrong places"
Using a weight scale to measure grip strength
Can anyone recommend a metabolism booster?
Anything wrong with decline sit ups?
So Confused About Muscle Building &amp; Fat Loss
Does Stronglifts even work for muscle mass gain?
Trying to lose weight with 1 meal and supplements, is this healthy?
Website that tracks novice intermediate advanced lifts?
Collecting Data: BMR, BMI, fat percentage, etc.
Different types of ab rollers
Been doing SL for two months, how are my lifting stats so far?
Defict deadlifts once a week along with deadlifts?
Getting into exercising after atrophy
Lat pull down machine - interchangeable handles question.
Workout Routine Questions
Starting a gym challenge
Questions about lifting with limited time
What is this guy doing?
I'm a 16 year old just starting to work out at the gym. Are there any basic workout routines as well as tips that you guys can recommend to a beginner?
Stupid Questions That I Seek Advice On
Is it better to do ab exercises after cardio workout or can they be done later in the day?
Any 6ft people here?
Trying to work out with head, elbow, and knee injuries - help?
Simple question(dont upvote please)
Right shoulder popping when I raise my arm -- anyone know the cause/how to make it go away?
What can we call good sleep?
I am new to fitness. My goal is muscle hypertrophy. I went from doing on muscle group per day to a PPL split. Can someone guide me if I am doing everything correctly?
Form check - 412.5 lbs Dead Lift
Have you ever experienced muscle strain in your arms or elsewhere when not in the gym?
Do I have to make myself sore every time I work out to gain muscle mass?
How do you deal with nausea during intensive workouts and the headaches really pushing yourself gives you? Also, do you have to eat within a certain time after working out to get gains?
Have been doing the posture exercises, they seem to be working.
Anyone able to translate this Chinese page or help me find the source on Bodybuilding.com?
Am I losing weight too quickly?
Potential rotator cuff aggravation
I am a 20 year old male, 125 lbs and I want to start working out to gain some muscle but I'm afraid of hurting myself due to poor technique. What are some tips you can give me?
Car Remapping. Get the most from your engine.
It seems lifting discipline and success in many aspects of life go hand in hand. Share your stories.
Ladies, Are Serena Williams' boobs real or fake?
Critique my workout routine- I'm new to this
Combining cross country-skiing and lifting. Dumb idea?
looking for validation lmao
Need recommendations for fitness supplements.
Updown Fitness – Easier Workouts with a Portable Personal Trainer
If I am losing weight, am I losing body fat? If not, what am I losing?
16 and need help with a few things.
I'm not obese but I have a problem.
Feet pain when dropping down from a chin up bar.
Calling all sock lovers: www.trainingsocks.com do you like any of these?
I just exercised my abs and I feel like I accomplished nothing.
9 Ways to Lose Weight Without Going Through That Dreadful Diet
I got a job at a gym, what are some exercises I should be doing every day to improve main lifts and muscle growth?
Why doesn't fat make you fat?
Anyone recommended bench + dumbbell workout routines?
Is there an ARG for iphone that makes walking and running fun?
Weighted Chin Up Contest!
What are some cheap healthy alternatives for lunch?
AskReddit: Is creatin safe? What's your experience?
Results from 5x5 Stronglift program after 3 weeks
Is there an iOS app that syncs with a chest strap heart rate monitor that looks for irregular heart beat/palpitations? Something that may spot any early signs of heart problems?
[x-post r/keto]My GF is supporting me as we start our fitness journey today! Figured we put up our baselines in a way we haven't seen before!
How to heal the gut and optimise Ingestion before a Bulk/Cut.
Bodybuilders, how can I start eating and liking fruits and vegetables? It's been over 10 years since I have eaten any, and it's becoming extremely demotivating for me.
[Feedback] Net carbs in Android MyFitnessPal
My friends claims it's not possible for him to gain weight unless he works out. Is there any truth?
Buy Yoga Mats in India
Hurt my shoulder 5 weeks ago. What kind of exercises can I do to test it out?
Getting back into the gym after 2 years.
Searching Yoga Mats Online in India
Need advice on type of training for smaller legs
Jump for Your Fitness
How does this sound for toning / losing weight?
If I'm fat, can I lose weight and build muscle by having a deficit?
Need a good, healthy, safe way to lose a couple pounds and tone up!
Fitness and You! (Canada)
Mass Supplement
Add me on Fitness Pal! :)
Work out scheme for 15 year old?
3 bài tập tạ hiệu quả với nam và nữ
Sodium Seconals, Desoxynss, Dilaudides, Ambien10mg, Xanax2mg, Subutex8mg, Peaceful Pills Text or call us at (678) 661-9687 for more information
7 Guide For Fitness Woman
Best Fat Loss Product Around The Internet !
Can strain on the sartorious muscle be either aggravated or relieved by squatting?
Need help with weight gaining
I work from home but don't have space for any exercise equipment. Suggestions?
I find it extremely hard to put on weight - diet questions
Pre workout Flavor recommendations
Bas Rutten workout calories?
In the Gym help
Started a big change in my life a month ago and need some advice.
Finding the right weight. Please Help.
Is doing HIIT 3xweek too much?
What are healthy high calorie foods for gains?
Could not lose fat!!
How do you motivate yourself?
Frustrations embodied by a video I found on Facebook
Dr Singh &amp; Suman Cosmetic Skin Clinic, Botox injections in Delhi India
Looking for a website I forgot
Can i lose weight solely by jogging?
Working out with a cough?
Looking for new work out routine
No money for the gym, unable to do a single push up. Where should I start?
Teeth cleaning with braces
Comprehensive health plans/challenges?
Losing fat on legs - Need guidance/suggestions?
Squat form check
My New Year's Resolution...Cancel my gym membership! Why waste money on something I'm not using?
Need Help: Need to be inspired by a new 3/4 day training split for the gym
New to the gym, been working out at home for past 2 years. In need of some guidance on what workouts to do when i go to the gym for the first time tomorrow.
My Basement Gym
16 years old 360 to 225 in 8 months
31/5'9"/290lbs. Need help
Stop looking at the time and count music tracks instead!
Shaking too much during workout?
[X-Post /r/powerlifting] Announcing AmA with Norwegian Female Elite Powerlifter, Marte Elverum, Friday Jan 15th
What running belt should I buy
How can I build Lebron-like shoulders?
Going to the Air Force, what to expect
Taste of blood after exercising?
Did you feel unwell in the first days of your new eating plan?
Need help to identify back excercise
Kris Gethin's 12-week Hardcore Daily Video Trainer -- how to determine PORTIONS for daily meal plan?
Looking for fitness advice
cant workout because of shoulder impingement
I've been classified (via BMI) as obese, and this terrifies me, HELP!
225lb Deadlift Form Check
Antidepressants and gym perfomance/weight loss
243lbs,5'8",Male, 30. Need help with weight loss routine, specially belly and chest (moobs). Limited Workout machines. Details inside.
Can I maintain my abs during a bulk? (Pic) (x-post r/gainit)
The guy on nattyornot.com is definitely an idiot and shouldnt be trusted.
Armband for a Phone/Music Player
So I am skinny as fuck and I have trouble eating a lot..
Just been diagnosed with PCOS...concerned for my weight.
I(F/31) would like to get back into working out; however, after a mild but persistent shoulder injury, I'm not sure how to proceed.
(Advice wanted) How to eat well while working out on a small budget?
I can't sit seiza style (but I can sit cross legged lotus...)
Good alternatives to Chipotle?
Swing shift sleeping habits
Do foods high in estrogen content affect muscle growth?
Question about stretch marks.
Which landmine attachment?
Question about hangovers.
Best Social Fitness App
Fact or Fiction: Does microwaving vegetables take away ANY nutritional value?
Does 334g of ON Serious Mass has just 50g of protein?
Not flexible enough for deadlifts
Difference between leg press machines?
A big boy in need of some help.
Formcheck: 210# Incline Bench
Starting to get fit while traveling
I want to do 10 pull ups... Fastest way?
Has anyone on here gone from skinny to muscular? My Roomate is trying to do that now and progress pics and advice would help!
Help me build a community to promote a healthier lifestyle.
Integrating 1 Repetition days into SL5x5
Why a more aesthetics oriented routine would benefit from 3x5 lifts?
Muscular strength: cross-sectional area, or number of mysoin heads?
Recommendations on home workout equipment for the tall
Feedback on Android HIIT timer app called HIIT Gainz
Is it possible to lose belly fat WITHOUT eating clean ? I've been exercising and controlling food portions, but not on a strict diet, is attaining lean abs something I can still achieve ?
5 am 15 min workouts? Any recommendations
On a cut for 3 weeks and I'm trying to find my TDEE
Will 2 weeks off the gym negatively impact me if I'm just starting out?
Educating family
Please critique my workout
Only dumbbells and smith machine. What do?
Need to gain 6 kg of fat
What is a food that will fill me up with low calories?
Need a workout plan with Gold's Gym XRS 50
Bench Pressing form question.
(Running) Is there a reason for that pins-and-needles feeling up and down the body when you push yourself hard and/or slow to a walk?
Challenge for you: Help create 5x5 or 3x5 Variation with only trap bar and few dumbells
Without pics or height/weight stats, what are indicators of a good physique? Being able to do 20 pull-ups? Running a 6:00 mile?
Cheap protein worth the money?
Squat and Deadlift Form Check
Thinking of switching up workout routine from SL5x5 to more full body...suggestions?
Unflavored Protein Powder - What's the Best Option?
What is your bulking breakfast?
Wide grip v. narrow grip barbell shrugs for skinny neck?
Squat form check (17M) 52.5 Kg
What is a HIIT training exercise that I can do in my dorm room
Diet for eating on a swimming diet?
Best ways to recover quickly from sports?
If I work out MWF, is there any real point to continuing to bulk on Sunday?
Felt like the veins in my head was about to burst on overhead press?
Question about using arms when squatting
Am I losing weight too fast?
Chest workouts besides benching?
PPL Modification Question
What mass gain programs are recomended after 5x5?
Will giving up alcohol help me get over a plateau?
I keep hearing certain foods "store more fat" and will cause weight gain even in a caloric deficit. Is this BS?
Super busy lifters who work 60+ hours a week: what does your schedule look like?
Arms/pecks are still sore 3 days after chest and arm day. Did I lift too much?
Years of sitting in front of a computer has warped my posture. I need a routine that will help correct my problem.
Neck tension after workout
Am I never going to get stronger?
Trying to gauge if my strength is balanced / not?
What am I doing wrong?
Couple question regarding broccoli.
Seeking ideas for 30th Birthday Workout Challenge
Finished beginner weightlifting program - what now? Do I have to mix things up? (30/F, 5'6", 135)
cannot keep my shoulders retracted benching
Exaughsted after working out
14 yo wants to get ripped?
How can I get fit, on a university student budget?
Is this a solid base meal plan?
Whats up with body cleanses?
Anyone here make sure they get 7+ fruits/veggies a day? What do you have and how do you "prep" it?
M/16/6'0"/Between 80-90kg/ Looking to Slim Down
Romanian deadlift - Form Check
Do we lose more weight while hungry than when we are not?
Form check- deadlift &amp; squat
What's more important Calories VS Macros?
Form check squat
Why is my squat so weak?
Two creatine monohydrate powders with totally different appearance and solubility – is one of them a hoax?
If you were only able to do one exercise per muscle group, what would it be?
will hill walking/jogging/running increase my stamina and running speed on flat ground?
Diet help, suggestions, and getting more protein.
Can anyone recommend some non pressing shoulder workouts?
Splitting up workout between morning and evening.
Should I eat on a surplus every day?
Well, I finally did my first pullup!
Had anyone done the "70 Body Weight Cardio Exercises - Men's Health"?
I get red eyes when I bench press is my breathing wrong?
Question about my diet.
Form Check: Front Squat, Deadlift, Hang Power Clean
PPL on caloric deficit/cutting?
When deadlifting, is using the hexagonal bar easier than the normal barbell?
Just a few questions about HIIT.
Which part of exercise can i work on to improve my immune system?
Which did you start first? Healthy eating, sleeping/lifestyle or exercise?
Tired of not committing to a routine, and I need some pointers.
Where can I do situps in the gym such that my feet don't fly straight up during the exercise?
A quick question about cardio and endurance
What to do when you're sore?
Stories/progress pics of someone who has seen significant change using resistance bands (versus weights)?
Madcows and surplus. I'm already kinda fat and maintaining. Do I really need to eat more?
Why do most lifting gloves only cover the first knuckle?
What do you guys think?
Somewhat new to exercising and want some advice on lifting
Running or walking burns more fat?
Linear lower body progression like SS or SL but with upper body progression and volume also
I lost 135lbs during 2015 and now it's time to build some muscle!
Racking on 135 lbs and squatting that as much as I can to hit high weights?
Is it really cheaper to order from MuscleFood or get it local?
Exercises for women with large breasts?
This may be a shitpost. If it is, sorry!
Dealing with injuries as a regular Joe and not an athlete with access to world class treatment?
Cable v Plate Loaded?
Obama seen using a Fitbit - are they any good?
Squat form check
Can I store my protein and pre-workout in very cold temperatures?
Overweight and nervous about sagging skin. Is there a full body strength training routine that someone could suggest?
