Formula 1 / Motorsports Discord Server
A /r/formula1 Exclusive: One Redditors visit to the Hungaroring Paddock &amp; Mercedes Garage [OC]
Will FIA/FOM ever make a streaming app?
Is F1 going to be better next year?
[OT] Lewis Hamilton and Justin Bieber racing his LaFerrari through Beverly Hills
Racecraft by Fernando Alonso
Grand Prix Decades Gallery - Over 64K pictures from the 60's to the 10's
[OT] Renault shares plunge on factory raids by police
Technical &amp; Regulation changes for the 2016 Formula One season
Herbert gets an extra part on his car
A 20 year old Alonso driving the wheels off his stunning Minardi PS01
Today is also David Purley's birthday. The man who tried to save Roger Williamson and also survived the one of the biggest crashes ever in motorsport.
Renault's winter gains 'very positive' - Red Bull
Alonso just posted this one his Instragram.. Soon mutherfuckers..
Alonso onboard start Suzuka 2015 - This video shows how good the McLaren chassis actually is
Gutierrez hopes to make Mexico, USA, and Kannapolis proud on worldwide stage
BBC Formula 1: Why 2016 could be Mercedes' undoing - a 2016 preview
Scuderia Ferrari Special Event in 5 days - #ReadySetRed
Not sure this have ever been posted here. WTF Jenson?
The Biggest Surprises of 2015 | F1 Paddock View
What is the reason there is no DRS zone up the back straight towards 130R at Suzuka?
Mesmerizing wet road (Patrick Depailler at Montreal onboard, 1978)
Apparently drivers want closed cockpits.
(David Hobbes): "Down to La Rascasse. The restaurant on your right there where you can get a good table at the front if you'd like"
[OT] Van der Garde to feature in ELMS for JOTA sports, will race at Le Mans in LMP2
Remember K-Mag's tweet when he lost his seat?
When will teams reveal their 2016 cars?
Acronyms Needed!
Would anyone like a race - F1 2015 - PS4
What are some examples of a driver completely dominating at a track?
Wiki Updated for 2016
Mercedes F1 wind tunnel model explained
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
USGP future decision due in February
Max Verstappen says titles, not teams, at centre of his F1 ambitions
First female F1 drive dies at 89
F1: Tells us more about your job at McLaren, Eric Boullier
Hamilton and Rosberg react at Ferrari announcement.
Lotus drops a big hint about their new livery
Maurizio's Christmas Card to Toto (Posted by Mercedes on Toto's Birthday)
CART 1998 grand prix of Long Beach full
Time lapse: Building Williams' new motorhome at the Autosport Show
Honda: We need a bigger turbo
[OT] Incredibly Lucky Marshall - Huge GT Crash at Oulton Park in 2002
Commercial Broke: An ITVF1 Retrospective
Overview: What's new in Formula 1 2016?
Motorhead Hakone Hill Climb II - Lots of classic grand prix cars
Someone made a mockup of what a 2017 car may look like and put it in Rfactor ~ Take a look
The Essentials…with Sebastian Vettel
2006 Toro Rosso STR-1. Pure V10 sound.
[OT] Video: Kamui Kobayashi breaks the lap record at Tsukuba circuit after taking part in the time attack in a Super Formula car.
2015 F1 season Review
Rossi vs. Speed: Passive-Aggressive Twitter Interaction
Going to the Hungarian GP this year! Is there a GP2 race on saturday? i went to Canada in 2014 and was a little dissapointed that they didnt race there.
Free Talk Friday
What if the top teams of the WCC in season were given development restrictions?
Which is the worst lap you have ever seen without the driver crashing ?
The United Colours of Benetton! ~ Featuring Mika Hakkinen
Renault's previous F1 revival launch - such elegant driver suit design!
Mystery Science Theater F1 Season 2 Trailer
I took a picture of my desktop that had a McLaren-Honda Paul Ricard test photo as the background of my computer with my phone. Look what color turns up!!!
Susie Wolff with Häkkinen, Vettel and Dr.Hintsa
Snow joke - Verstappen hits the slopes in a Red Bull
[OT] Connecting the Dots - from the Bedroom to almost the Pit Wall (self-story, might be interesting for those who work in promotion; touches F1)
[OT] The Hankook 24h of Dubai are currently underway
Adam Cooper on Twitter: "'@MassaFelipe19 tells fans at the NEC that it's impossible to pee when driving flat out
[OT] Mercedes Stars &amp; Cars 2015 - Full Replay, English
[OT]Dakar 2016 up-close drone footage
Running on F1 Circuit in Mexico City
Top 10 team radio messages of 2015 by F1.com
Results of Pirellis Paul Ricard wet tests
Bold goals: Force India targeting top four in 2017 -
[OT]Venezuela declares 60-day economic emergency
I made this graphic to help myself understand 2016 Tyre Rules. I hope it will be helpful.
[OT] Before James Corden sang karaoke with Adele, he did this with Lewis..
Slightly OT (F1 2015) - Broadcasting 100% race, no assists, legend if anyone is interested in watching
Felipe Massa up for a fight with the big boys
Andre Pilette, an ebook by Robert Grey Reynolds, Jr at Smashwords
Haas F1 have passed crash testing
Did Stewart-Haas Racing's Kurt Busch reveal the Haas livery/car or is this another mock up?
From F1 to America’s Cup: An evening with Martin Whitmarsh and Sir Ben Ainslie
The Underrated F1 Champions
About 3 years ago my friend quit his job and left University to go work on some project with his team/friends(who are crazy Motorsport fanatics...I mean obsessed). Anyway, 3 years later today he sent me this teaser link about their project. I couldn't think of a more fitting place to share this.
Max Verstappen almost died in fire at Dubai Hotel on New Year's Eve.
The real Christian Horner attractiveness test result
Jody Scheckter - a ‘madman’ who did not belong in Formula 1?
Free Talk Friday
MONDAY TRASH TALK THREAD - 01/11/2016
Wife and I are attending our first GP this year in Montreal, what do I need to know about Canadian GP seating before purchasing?
Searching for detailed race statistics.
Haryanto to Manor decision expected ‘this week’
Autosports International 2016 – Badger GP talks to Paul Hembery
Scarb's view of the Baku GP
Raikkonen not convinced by new Pirelli tyres
Hopeful Rio Haryanto awaits F1 final call
[OT] [ROBORACE] Artificial intelligence meets human ingenuity
Christian Horner reveals he told Mercedes to sign Lewis Hamilton because he wanted to weaken rivals McLaren.
McLaren appoints VW's Capito as new racing CEO
The new ultrasoft tyres in person.
ART GP boss Vasseur set to lead Renault in 2016
[OT] Van der Garde to contest ELMS and Le Mans with JOTA
More than a B-team – the story so far of Formula 1’s newest team: Haas F1
Working at Nissan's North America HQ has its perks - Free life-sized stand-up Vettel!
Inside of Formula One Motorhome - nice.
Safety Rules Wastegate Animation by Giorgio Piola
Sorry if this is a stupid question but why would a 600kg car with 600kg downforce handle differently to a 1200kg car with "0kg" downforce (isn't the net force on the tires equal)?
Vettel best F1 driver, Hamilton is incredibly fast, Maldonado worst - Webber Vettel best F1 driver, Hamilton is incredibly fast, Maldonado worst – Webber
Monza Could Be Getting A ridiculous New Chicane
2016 Ferrari passes crash tests
Vettel disguised as a mechanic, freaking out his passengers
F1 archives: Closest victory ever by 0.011s margin
Formula 1 aficionados! Is there a service available for all grand prix races, similar to NFL Sunday ticket? Where I can watch qualifying, races etc online? PS I'm in Canada. Thanks!
waTCH Tv UFC 195 Condit vs. Lawler live str-eamin?
What are some of the best action and drama filled seasons?
The wet tire test was done with 2015-spec cars. Could Ferrari also be testing the new upgrades to the engine that they homologated before Abu Dhabi?
Do you think this season's new tyres will stop Mercedes' dominance?
MONDAY TRASH TALK THREAD - 01/18/2016
Tips for walking the Melbourne circuit?
BUXTON: Why Gutierrez is up to the task at Haas
[OT] Former CART and Red Bull F1 driver Robert Doornbos is now involved in the high-tech "sexual aid" industry.
Schumacher announcing his (first) retirement in 2006.
F1 future rules under discussion at key meetings in Geneva
[OT] IndyCar driver Sage Karam enjoying the snow
[OT] I got reminded of this commentary gem from WTCC
▶️ Mark Webber (one of three guests) on The Claire Balding Show 28/12/15
Classic view of Portier at Monaco
Maldonado's 2016 race seat in doubt
Lotus F1's updated team page with Carmen Jorda still listed
Alesi pushes for more restriction on driver aids
The most interesting design elements of 2015
Modern legends
Kevin Magnussen in talks to drive for new-look Renault team - and could replace Pastor Maldonado next season
FP1 Onboard of Will Stevens in Singapore 2015
Some gems from Formula One's bigboys.
Today was a good day
Ferrari's 2016 Formula 1 car passes crash tests
OTHER Ex-Williams F1 tester Wolff launches women in motorsport initiative
I also have a handy guide to the 2016 tyre rules
What is going on in this sub?!
On the subject of refuelling...
David Coulthard, Monte Carlo.(NSFW)
Lego Mclaren Mercedes F1 Pit Stop Speed build
Hamilton's fault... Sorry
Formula 1 Cars from Autosport International 2016
Looks like Joe Saward might be interested in an AMA, how about we drum up some interest?
2016 Formula 1 Chinese Grand Prix
Interesting Hugo Boss feature of Hamilton and Coulthard in Shanghai, circa 2015. Does anybody know the song title? Thanks in advance!
Haas Formula 1 Expectation!
Return of the cliff! 2016 Pirelli F1 tyres will have prominent performance peak
How come someone with a handheld camera can capture the cars' sound better than Sky/FOM's camera's can?
Jean Todt says we could expect solution to engine problem within 72 hours.
Formula 1: Bernie Ecclestone warns teams on engines
Etihad Airbus A340 with F1 livery (X-post from /aviationpics)
From r/catastrophicfailure: Sebastian Buemi suspension failure
I never realized the intro theme came from Fleetwood Mac
Possibly Ferrari 2016 car.
[formula1] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
How McLaren F1 got it's sound
2011 McLaren Cockpit (MP4-26)
DTM, too, sends its good wishes to Michael Schumacher
Paul Ricard's Formula 1 2nd test day photos
[German] Pope Francis tells Jean Todt he will pray for Michael Schumacher
Your top ten F1 drivers of the last five years revealed · F1 Fanatic
Happy Birthday to 1979 World Champion Jody Scheckter.
Nurburgring 1965
If the current grid of F1 drivers took part in a Royal Rumble match, who do you think will win it and how ?
5 Innovative car designs in Formula 1
Do you think Lewis Hamilton would still be as dominant over the last 2 seasons if he had to wear sandals every race?
[OT]Vettel and Hamilton to be teammates next year. Come be a part of the team mate battle the world wants to see.
Anyone else really excited about the battle between Manor and Haas in 2016?
[Q] Where I can subscribe to the full Formula 1 Calendar with proper localized race name and places?
For Canadian Fans Watching on TSN
Marlboro and Ferrari deal?
If Red Bull ever pull out of F1, would Toro Rosso be likely to be bought out?
Richie Ginther, an ebook by Robert Grey Reynolds, Jr at Smashwords
[OT] Villeneuve Quits Formula E
Photos from the past - Pt.5
What F1 can learn from other series, by WTF1 Editor
Sebastian Ogier parking like a boss in Monaco harbour [OT]
Massimo Rivola officially no longer Scuderia Ferrari Sporting Director. Moved to FDA in place of Luca Baldisserri.
Horner: "Hamilton wanted to race for Red Bull" (italian)
Mick Schumacher may join Ferrari-linked team
[OT] CART 2002 Surfers Paradise pile-up - American open-wheel racing's equivalent of '98 Spa
Stars &amp; Cars 2015 - Footage Part 3
Flavio Briatore on Renault, Alonso and modern F1
Schumacher and Montoya crash behind the safety car - Monaco 2004
Former Head of Aerodynamics at Ferrari, Benetton, Sauber on the current aero situation in F1
Manor Marussia merchandise now available
Renault unconvinced by engine formula
SKY / Channel 4 UK TV Coverage for 2016
Ferrari out to give Merc 'a run for their money'
[Slightly OT] 8 Races That Shaped Motorsport | British Pathé
Jenson Button opens fan vote on twitter for 2016 helmet design
The Longer, Wider And Faster Cars Heading To Formula One In 2017
Jordan Grid Girls. Circa (?)
F1 considering Saturday Race and schedule change
Refuelling is back on agenda for chiefs
So this is currently the leaderboard for the #ReadySetRed challenge.
[OT]John McGuinness - TT 2015 - On Bike Lap - Senior Race - Lap 1
Red Bull-Lamborghini In 2017? The Coming of the Bulls?
9 Days of Summer: A video about the development of the Ford-Cosworth DFV, the greatest engine in F1 history. It won 12 Drivers Titles and 10 Constructors Titles, and also won Le Mans twice, in a 14 year lifespan (1967-1981).
F1 TV coverage in Canada for 2016?
Dinner for the Ferrari mechanics on their 312T2 at the 1977 US Grand Prix at Watkins Glen. The team finished 4th and 5th to winner James Hunt. [600x831]
'Halo protection not ideal but better than nothing' - Davidson
Andre Pilette, an ebook by Robert Grey Reynolds, Jr at Smashwords
Any ideas as to what this switch (Sunny or Cloudy) did? I think that is the Lotus 49 cockpit.
[OT]BMW M4 DTM extra wing
TIL Michael Schumacher tried to organise a "no overtaking" pact for the first 2 chicanes of lap 1 at Monza 2001.
What is the status on 2016 driver line ups? Have all teams confirmed yet? When is the cut off date?
Guenther Steiner shows the Haas factory and preperstion proces on CNN.
Modern F1 'too perfect' - Gerhard Berger
Pedro Paulo Diniz: why one of Brazil's richest men moved to the countryside for a simpler, happier life (article in Portuguese)
Jean Todt bemoans F1's money split
Maldonado shouldn’t be in F1 – Mark Webber
2016 Paul Ricard Tyre Test: Complete Summary
Streamlined W196 at the Technisches Museum, Wien.
2009 chassis with 2008 rear wing (testing before new rear wing arrived - Heikki Kovalainen)
Mika Hakkinen chosen into the Finnish Sports Hall of Fame
Headlines you'd never thought you'd read: Ex-F1 driver Robert Doornbos is the founder of a high-tech dildo company
Was a bit bored, and had four sharpies with a poster I didn't care about.
Pit-Stop Non-Stop [How the Toro Rosso guys train pit-stops]
Random fact Tuesday #20
MONDAY TRASH TALK THREAD - 01/04/2016
Barrichello added to Wayne Taylor Racing Corvette DP for Rolex 24
Well Ron, I think you couldn't have done better to help him (Autocourse 2005, Monaco GP)
Photos from the past - Pt.3
2016 Red Bull Racing Truck
Felipe Massa expects to be in demand in 2017 amid F1 rule changes
Technical analysis: Combustion secret to Ferrari 2016 hopes
[OT] GP2 Team Campos Racing sign up KFC as a sponsor for the upcoming season
F1 engine manufacturers offer price reduction (12m €) to avoid new engine format in 2018.
Mclaren gives Ted Kravitz exclusive access to their garage and car.
Boullier: McLaren cannot afford another dire season
For those F1 Truck lovers, lotus - looking bright
Top gear - how do you make f1 more exciting
Hulkenberg Q&amp;A: "Le Mans reminded me how good winning feels"
Elaborate vs. boring F1 liveries
TIL Sebastian Vettel and Michael Schumacher both won 3 races and finished 3rd in the championship in their debut season with Ferrari.
Toto Wolff: Susie was good enough for F1
[OT] WTCC Double World Champion Jose Maria Lopez names his new pet "Monza".
Lynn admits 2016 is key year for career
Got these at the Bahrain 2015 race, if you're interested in memorabilia.
I'm hoping to work in Formula 1 one day, however I'm hopeless at science. Do I have a chance?
Thumbs up and smile from KMAG :)
Eddie Jordan and Ben Edwards expected to join Channel 4's coverage
Question about the pitlane
A discussion about relative performance of the teams this year.
[Slightly OT] What is Adrian Newey's role in Ben Ainslie's yacht?
Which race was most uncharacteristic of a particular driver?
Could Manor be an option for Maldonado?
Ricciardo chased 2015 Le Mans drive
Olivier Panis sliding his Ligier JS43 around Monaco in 1996
Head protection question/poll. Do you also get the impression that the Mercedes head protection prototype might not have saved either Jules or Justin Wilson, given how severe the impact was in their respective accidents?
From Indycar, but a funny video with Mario Andretti
I saw some Star Wars fanart and decided to add an F1 twist to it (Jedi-free)
Renault: ""I think that we lost a bit of our time and our resources in dealing with this relationship with Red Bull"
Refueling, why it might not be such a bad idea... - SomersF1
Got a spare £200,000? Formula 1 cars on sale to public
[OT] We are BRM | 2016 Livery Reveal
Mark Webber wishes we could all just get along
Ricciardo - ""I'd honestly say from Budapest, if we had a Merc in the back we would've won a few races, to say the least."
What could happen next season to make it extremely ironic?
Button: Mechanical grip the key for 2017 - Autosport
Is a mixed-age grid damaging the potential of Formula One?
F1's Tyre Rules (2016) Explained
Pros and Cons of Grooved Tires in F1?
Bottas and Lee McKenzie having fun in the snow.
The day Ayrton Senna tested a Penske Indycar.
Kimi Raikkonen Tribute Video, 2001-2012
F1 considering Saturday Race and schedule change
[OT] I tried to imagine how a movie about Alonso's career could turn out. Here's the result...
C4 hands F1 production deal to Whisper Films
Why Valencia is so "bad" track?
Formula 1 refuelling return dismissed again after Jean Todt hint
So I was rewatching Rush... again, and I noticed this tv presenter looked familiar. Peter Windsor anyone?
McLarenPicks Up New CEO From VW WRC.
Honda's Yasuhisa Arai has reiterated that the Japanese engine manufacturer is open to supplying a second F1 team despite their deal with McLaren.
Todt admits Schumacher situation "painful"
The cool F1 mementos you discover around Adelaide
The F1 Stat Quiz - The F1 Stat Blog
F1 archives: When Senna crashed because the wall moved
Probably the best day of his life...
Plans to speed up 2017 F1 cars watered down after Pirelli concern
Kvyat ‘won’t think about’ Toro Rosso pressure
Sky F1 Producer Jamie Coley is asking on twitter what fans would like to see explained, shown, or discussed during testing
Force India - 2015 F1 Rewind peterwindsor
[OT] 2016 WRC season started... Guess what Kubica did?
What year did Kimi start to lose it?
F1 Onboard Canada 1978 - 2015
Would any lovely ladies like to come to a F1 party next week in London?
Wednesday at Bernies | Ask the /r/formula1 community anything! - 01/27/2016
Everytime I read a team announcement.
Random fact Tuesday #21
Why no tech company sponsorship
Looking to Attending the Monaco Grand Prix this year! Any advice?
Any advice on a visit to Spanish GP in Catalunya?
Canadian going to British Grand Prix tips
A fond farewell to Pastor
Photos from the past - Pt.6
Famed F1 mentor Dr Aki Hintsa attends the World Economic Forum in Davos
What does the 'moon and stars' on the McLaren at Paul Ricard today mean?
Mercedes expects its engines to roar in 2016
The 2016 Model Formula 1 season is just 1 week away!
#FBF to the funniest post race interview moment in F1 history
Still my favourite radio message, all the time you have to leave a space!
A First Style of F1 |
Sauber's 2016 Formula 1 car to make debut at second test
How to secure a sponsorship deal? Brian Sims, founder of Motorsport Industry Association
F1 2015 PC Steam - £1.51 [Amazon UK]
F1: Williams team opposed to return of refueling
New Pirelli tyre will challenge F1 teams - Williams's Rob Smedley
Nasr: Sauber seized their chances
Christian Bale Exits Michael Mann’s ‘Enzo Ferrari’ Over Health Concerns
Channel 4 closes in on F1 indie partner
Artificial Intelligence guesses your attractiveness and age - Christian Horner Edition
Schumacher Echoing Around Fiorano
Michael Schumacher best moments: How F1's records were rewritten
Tag-Heuer spotted on new redbull race suits.
Fernando Alonso: McLaren has logical ways to gain 2s for F1 2016
Kimi Raikkonen 2004 pole lap Silverstone
Sebastian Vettel and Michael Vorba back in their karting days
On this day (22 January) in 1959 Mike Hawthorn, Britain’s first World Drivers Champion, was tragically killed at the age of 29 in a car crash on the A3 Guildford bypass in Surrey
MONDAY TRASH TALK THREAD - 01/25/2016
Is the man Kimi Raikkonen overrated? Or was his peak bizarrely before he moved to Ferrari in '07?
Monza: Where to watch?
England Cricket Team | Pit Stop Challenge | 2015 Formula 1 Etihad
F1 drivers call for closed cockpits by 2017
Its your chance to win FREE tickets to the #BritishGP https://t.co/SimKuCEfQj"
Grosjean confirms the confirmation of the Haas F1 car launch
LiL MoCo - "SKONKAS" ( Robin Thicke - Blurred Lines PARODY )
Sainz: Verstappen not stopping Red Bull dream
Manor started following Kevin magnussen on Twitter
Pirelli downplays Kimi Raikkonen's criticisms
Gif of the Red Bull on snow to accompany video and pic already posted
FOM Selects The Top 10 Team Radio Messages Of 2015
Valtteri Bottas raised aggression to send message to F1 rivals
[OT] Carbon fiber is sexist
anyone got the 2006 australian grand prix with Murray Walker commentary from channel 10?
Renault/Lotus/Enstone Team pass crash tests
FOM/Ecclestone should pay for F1 to have 'budget' engine - Ferrari - F1 news
Can't wait for the 2016 cars to be revealed so I made my own HAAS livery (Anyone else have any they have made or seen?)
The day Ayrton Senna tested a Penske Indy car
Onboard Compilation Shows F1 Cars Tackling The Same Corner Over 24 Years - [X-POST /r/videos]
Stars &amp; Cars 2015 - Feature
Mika Häkkinen crying after spinning out from the lead in Monza 1999
Today is Lewis Hamilton's 31st birthday.
Johansson ‘sad’ to see best talents miss out on F1 chance
John Boyega meets Lewis Hamilton
[OT] ITV set to replace Channel 4 as horse racing broadcaster - Significant news after Channel 4 got F1 from the BBC
Rainbow road in a Formula1 car [Assetto Corsa]
How much do other teams learn from technical analysis articles?
Pre-2009 Regulation car with slicks
Filip Alliot 1988 Mexico Crash (Kubica's Canada GP Style Crash)
May as well keep them coming... something like this would be nice
Streaming all Races of 2015
What F1 Story would make a great movie?
New to F1. Why was 2015 considered a relatively poor season?
Release Date for the New Season's Jackets?
2017 Wider cars less overtaking? More accidents to begin with?
Thought: Do drivers of cars with less downforce have to turn the steering wheel more in the same corners in order to compensate for the less turning force?
[Semi-OT] Do you guys bet on F1? How much did you win or lose?
Inside Line Media are doing a Q&amp;A
I am going to attend my first Formula GP in Melbourne. Which place is the best to watch the GP for the general admission?
Haas F1 Precision vid, Shows sections of Gene sat on a car. Possible clue to the new Haas F1 car?
Jock Clear now in Ferrari gear after his 'gardening leave' at todays tyre test
Hulkenberg front wing failure
[OT] Robert Kubica Ends First WRC Of 2016 In A Tree
Mercedes confident 2016 cars will be significantly louder
Senna Anime trailer
What a save.. Italy 1993
[OT] NASCAR can make some pretty great finishes too.
F1 rule changes should be postponed to 2018, says Symonds
Pirelli announces F1 tyre choices for Russian GP
Martin Brundle tries to assemble a Mclaren Electronic Control Unit.
Tobias: The comeback of refuelling has been rejected at Geneva. #AMuS #F1
Who could replace Bernie when the time comes?
"Hear Us Coming" - New trailer released by Renault Sport F1
Top engineer Dall'Ara leaves Sauber F1 team
The last 4 Championship winning McLarens driven by Brundle, Hill and Herbert.
Bottas hits 364kph while chasing Raikkonen
The amazing story behind Johny Herbert.
Wolff: Mercedes dominance bad for F1
McLaren was right to pursue "size zero" concept - Boullier
F1 exit plan Bernie Ecclestone's real challenge says Ferrari boss
[Metaformula1]Base of unmarried women 21+. Faster. Link activ 45 min!
Alexander Rossi confirmed at Manor for 2016
I don't love F1 anymore...
Perez: Force India team-mate Hülkenberg in F1's top three drivers
Lewis Hamilton driving Justin Bieber in his Laferrari in Beverly Hills.
A year ago, more than half of the teams had revealed their cars already.
When this post is a little over 10 hours old, Ferrari's #readysetred countdown will hit zero.
Rewatching '08 season and saw Arrivabene at the Hungarian Grand Prix - what was his involvement at that point?
Spoke to my friend who knows Martin Whitmarsh's son...
Were the 1994 cars extremely dangerous, or was it a season of the worst luck
Magnussen could replace Palmer at Renault
Honda play down reports of 'huge horsepower boost' for McLaren
Tried to fill up my empty wall with some DIY art. Inspired by /u/CrankyAdolf
Win new Fiat 500
[OT] KCMG Paul Ip AMA!
A Ferrari with a bright red tyre, promoting UK fundraiser Sport Relief.
Senna warns F1 about increasing downforce levels
Mika Häkkinen McLaren MP4/12 1997 Jerez winter testing
The Official Formula 1 2015 Season Review is finally available to download via torrent
Lewis Hamilton's driver thinks he looks like Lewis Hamilton
Do we really need another F1 refuelling era?
Seeing as we had a Merhi Christmas I think it's only right we all have a Happy Newey Year too!
Darren Heath ‏@F1Photographer Great looking #F1 car.. @RenaultSportF1 @alo_oficial
British Pathe: Stirling Moss and Model Motor Racing
Haas F1 Checking Pit Boards off their list...
Two stupid near-misses in the pits (skip to 00:50).
Grosjean backed Gutierrez's recruitment as second Haas F1 driver
Happy birthday and wishes for a full recovery Michael!
Boullier fears losing drivers if McLaren doesn't improve
2014 Chris Harris Article on F1
Red Bull have updated their logo on Facebook
Maldonado expects easier time with Renault power in 2016
F1: Sainz wants to fight Verstappen without team orders
De la Rosa urges McLaren to focus on 2017
An idea for the 2017 regs
A little thing i just checked - finishing positions in all races compared to season end results...
[OT] Join us on Racing 4 Everyone for our off-season re-watch of the 2008/09 A1GP season!
'Insanely good Rosberg can beat Hamilton' - Berger
Red Bull Racing F1 Race Car - Awesome Snow Drive (POV)
Pirelli F1 wet tyre test: Daniel Ricciardo sets pace for Red Bull
Customizing your own Ferrari
2012 Onboards with different drivers commentary about their laps and accidents.
Davos: What can Formula 1 teach business leaders?
Thrills and spills F1s most dramatic moments of 2015
I wish this was still being set up for an F1 race [Adelaide]
2015 F1 Season Edit
(David Hobbs): "And then down to La Rascasse. The restaurant on your right there where you can get a good table at the front if you'd like"
[OT] Visited Stockholm's Moderna Museet, came across an old Lotus.
Pirelli ready to follow F1 demands for longer-lasting tyres
Max Verstappen Drives a Formula 1 Car on a Ski Slope
Mumm Leaves Formula One
Forumula 1 tire after race
Win tickets to Autosport International 2016 (UK &amp; Ireland only)
[OT] 1955 Race Car Crash
New Williams "biggest evolution yet"
European GP in Azerbaijan to start at 6pm local time
Craig Scarborough on Twitter: "Sauber will not have their new car ready for the first test https://t.co/px1ygFLPml"
[OT] Recovering from dead last at Interlagos. iRacing.
Alonso had blue helmets which displayed his country's colours better before and after his 2007 helmet so why did he change colours? Was it Ron Dennis' idea?
Hülkenberg looks to benefit from fewer tests
[LiVE]Kansas State vs Arkansas Live NCAA Online?
If you enjoyed the "Senna" documentary you should also give "Gonchi" a go
There is a race between the greats of every era. Fangio, Hill, Clark, Stewart, Fittipaldi, Lauda, Prost, Schumacher and you can pick y
fastest line throughout the years
Is it worth getting pitpass for testing?
What races are you attending / planning to attend in 2016?
In 2015 Sebastian Vettel was the Daniel Ricciardo of 2014...
What are some great performances from teams over their debut season?
Sir Frank and Claire tell the story of Williams' F1 history
Renault initial livery 2007 - after losing Mild Seven, before going with ING Group orange/white/dark blue
McLaren's last win with Mercedes power: Jenson Button, Brazil 2012
Silverstone to reveal F1 British Grand Prix made a profit in 2015
Magnussen Options [Danish newspaper translate]
Confirmation from Channel 4 that David Couthard will move across from the BBC to be part of its 2016 coverage
They have the Formula 1 Channel in the hospital's pay per view service at the staff lounge!
Kimi Raikkonen's Route to F1 · F1 Fanatic
Rio Haryanto's manager “very lucky” to miss ISIS terror attacks in a shopping mall in Jakarta this week
A look at who would've been world champion if we'd always used the drop points scoring system from 1981-1990, and also the 25 points system from the present day
How Do You Start A Formula 1 Car?
Analysis: Why F1 doesn't have doping scandals
Haas hoping for points on F1 debut at 2016 Australian GP
Seems like Jenson's shirt wasn't a one off
The Grip (McLaren M26 rear view)
Making room for Renault-Lotus F1 Team?
Crofty is doing voice overs for the 2016 F1 game. Rio Haryanto and Kevin Magnussen are listed as drivers.
Grosjean just posted this on Twitter
5 Best Formula 1 Races of the 80's Era
Wont Renault lack experience?
F1 drivers to complete a Grand Prix hat trick but never win the WDC: Nico Rosberg &amp; Stirling Moss
What are the current floor/diffuser/engine cover rules?
What is, to you, F1's biggest issue right now, and what would you do to resolve it?
Looking for information for a Imola trip
Can the public walk around the outside of McLaren Technology Centre?
Fernando Alonso Surprise in New York City - 2014
Pirelli: 'Maximum attack' meeting a good opportunity for F1
F1 cars with enclosed cockpits are super cool - are they ever likely to happen?
Mercedes puts Shell claims in doubt
Alonso's tough 2015 with McLaren a big lesson as F1 rookie - Sainz
Photos from the past - Pt.4
Can F1 technology help the NHS?
Renault 2016 concept livery revealed
[UK only] Felipe Massa and Claire Williams will be on the Clare Balding Show tomorrow (10pm, BBC2 on 28.01.16)
Max Verstappen is Dutch sports personality of the year
Force India believe top four finish possible in 2017
Plans to speed up 2017 F1 cars watered down after Pirelli concern [includes more details than the earlier AMuS article]
F1 news: Ferrari says people should not read into its F1 tie-up with Haas
Romain Grosjean hopes for eventual return to Renault F1 team
Sauber fear McLaren, Manor and Haas overhaul
Hitler Reacts To the 2014 F1 Season
Fernando Alonso Surprise in New York City
The forgotten overtake of Max
[OT] Dakar 2016 up close drone footage
Getting a lift (Toro Rosso snowy show in Austria)
역삼건마※∩※ Opyｏ０２〔쩜〕ＣΟＭ 오피요 ※∩※송파오피 마포오피역삼건마※∩※ Opyｏ０２〔쩜〕ＣΟＭ 오피요 ※∩※송파오피 마포오피역삼건마※∩※ Opyｏ０２〔쩜〕ＣΟＭ 오피요 ※∩※송파오피 마포오피역삼건마※∩※ Opyｏ０２〔쩜〕ＣΟＭ 오피요 ※∩※송파오피 마포오피역삼건마※∩※ Opyｏ０２〔쩜〕ＣΟＭ 오피요 ※∩※송파오피 마포오피
Winter testing :: Barcelona 1st - 4th March :: Tickets?
UFC,, 195,, live,, stream,, results:,, 'Lawler,, vs,, Condit',, play-by-play?
Ted's Notebook
Will Ferrari bridge the gap and be on level terms with Mercedes this year ?
It seems like /u/SoFlySoFresh has deleted all the 2015 VoD's of the races. Do we have a second One Drive with on it?
[OT] does anybody know the NBCSN formula 1 theme song that was used for 2015?
You go back to the beginning of 2015 and get to pick the driver line up of every team. Who do you choose for each team to maximise excitement?
F1 2016 Driver Lineup
Free Talk Friday
Help me choose a grandstand for the Melbourne Grand Prix!
2016 marks the 50th year of competition for Penske- The Team Penske Story [OT]
'No obstacle' to Haryanto/Manor deal as the Indonesian Government pledges to provide the required funding
An engineer's life - Gianluca Pisanello, Manor
Bottas 2016 Stilo helmet
