I'm 21 years old and live with my parents, my tax return was only $150?
Would you eat it?
Buy disposable razors at the dollar store. Medicine, too.
Making 12 $0.01 purchases a month?
I hate throwing away food.
Buying dry food in bulk.
Save money on at home printing.
DIY: Oil Change
Should I buy Costco 24 HR fitness membership rn?
Forget tiny houses... the future is pods.
Win a copy of Household Cleaners Quick and Easy
7 Frugal Ways to Save Money Without Spending Less
If Amazon charges sales tax in your state, check availability from other sellers for expensive items. If that seller is out of state, the sales tax savings might exceed additional shipping and other costs.
[US Only] If you use less than 5GB of data per month, get a unlimited Text, Talk, Data from Straight Talk for $45/mo
Faux Smoker Money Challenge
Need some money-saving ideas
Are all surveys scams?
Cancel Unnecessary Subscriptions/Credit Cards
Never forget the power of asking.
anyone know of an app that can take a pic of a receipt and log it?
Outdoor Playground Equipment?
How to cut costs around the house, such as cutting cable TV, electricity, gas, subscriptions, water?
The Local optician in my town is offering $25.99 for a 6 pack of Acuvue Oasys Contact lenses, is the savings worth stocking up now?
Need advice r/frugal. What should I know before buying used washer/dryer?
Study by The Miriam Hospital, R.I. Community Food Bank Dispels Belief that Plant-Based, Healthy Diets are Expensive
I just saved $146 on an Amazon purchase without lifting a finger
Bought a replacement Macbook charger on eBay for $40. Apple store wanted $130 (AUS)
All I hear are good things about Dr. Bronner's soap. Has anyone had bad experiences? Why shouldn't I buy it?
5 Frugal Living Tips That Will Make Your Rich Fast - The Ultimate Guide To Get On The Fast Track
5 Ways to Save Money On Your Home Renovation
Would I still be able to get a discount for magazines if I'm not a student anymore?
Saving money on pretty much anything you buy online. Here's how to do it.
In need of mattress support
Looking for good/frugal headphones
Monthly electric bill + heating concerns
Cold, unevenly heated house
I saved 15% on a slightly damaged textbook!
Moving out soon and moving to East coast, how can I live frugal for the first year?
Worried About Going To College While Working
Just left college, got an apartment, I don't have a dollar to my name and I have nothing.
If you're still eligible, remember to renew your student discounts!
Is it worthy working for food?
I need help buying a TV (details inside)
Data Cap with COX while streaming?
The most compelling argument for DIY I know is the value of good interior design. (help. me.)
What can I do with partially burned matchsticks?
I'm from Ontario. Where can I sell my textbooks?
Ottawa charities rake in donations thanks to man's frugality
Waste not want not
Importance of credit status for loan application acceptance
What are your most controversial frugal tips?
How to save on your grocery shopping
How to rent a car as a twenty year old the cheapest way possible?
Frugal desserts or sweets?
Simulated, Synthetic Diamonds
Smokers of r/frugal Whatt type of tubes and tobacco does you use?
Need a cheap laptop for music editing.
Is there a way to avoid mandatory college health insurance?
Do you have any good food recipes that are cheap?
Any advice for appliance purchases?
Did a search here but didn't find anything...does anyone have experience with Red Rhino as an alternative to Netflix/Hulu/etc.?
CouponXplorer - get the latest coupons online directly into your browser with this toolbar. Frugal on demand. Chrome version.
CouponXplorer - get the latest coupons online directly into your browser with this toolbar. Frugal on demand. Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox version.
Grocery Coupon Network - brand name printable grocery coupons. Live healthy, not just frugally.
Mmm, those green bars
Sunday night special @Sears: Save extra 5-25% off featured categories - online only Jan 24, 9pm - Jan 25, 6am
Get coupons for all your groceries the easy way.
wedding ring sizer
My 2016 Resolution Complete
Weight Loss challenge at work ROI?
I'm so stressed out I don't know what the f*#@ to do. (Just moved to a new expensive town, can't find place to live, multiple debts, not making enough $, the list goes on...)
Cheap US phone plan
One person and plans for a whole ham
[Advice] First Time Buying Plane Tickets
What are the most notoriously reliable car make/models of all (somewhat) time?
What do you use for dog poop bags?
Frugal inspired food? Requesting recipes/methods.
How do you plan your weekly meals + shopping list?
Looking for a reliable used CUV for for weekend trips and running errands, considering the Subaru Outback..need advice
About to be unemployed- any advice appreciated!
Should I get the CDW when renting a car from Alamo and Budget? Which stuff should I decline?
What is a good brand of memory foam pillow?
Any ideas of uses for disposable coffee cup lids?
Need help reducing gas cost.
Cheapest way to ship?
Woman Who Lives Off Just £6.50 A Day
List of 70 Ways to Reduce Energy Use.
Free [Kindle]Homemade Products Box Set: Learn How to Make Protein Bars, Soaps, Shampoo and Homemade Recipes Easy at Home
Lucky Group - Scrap Metals &amp; Copper Recycling Metal Trading Company in Dubai
Man flew from Sheffield to Essex via Berlin because it was cheaper than train
What is the cheapest food you can eat that is not horrible for you? I found these in stores and wonder if they might have solved world hunger.
Are you ready to start saving this New Year? Make it your New Year’s resolution to get into the black with these savvy ways to save money, starting from today.
Shipping Container Homes Provide Out-of-the-Box Living Ideas [xpost /r/lowimpactlifestyle]
Cheap alternative to "Airborne/Berocca" vitamin C tablets?
Ibotta Team, pair app rebates with coupons for max savings!
Reducing food waste App (please help us get a fair sample number) 4th Year Student's Survey (10 multiple choices)
Frugal Business Cards for freelance IT?
Where to get cheaper Broadway tickets (NYC)?
My Costco lamb was off. Do I need to take my 5lb leg of lamb back to the store?
What Can I Add to Rice?
Planning for a trip in June, and doing some detailed frugal work in advance: question about airline tix
Busy Broke College Student - What food to buy??
Question about discounted prices.
Door worth replacing to save energy on heat?
I found a frugal cellphone plan with a cheap or possibly free phone.
Need advice from frugal gamers. Specifically on consoles and what to get.
Mental depletion complicates financial decisions for the poor (link to article)
Two Free Quest Protein Bars at this link
learn how to make money fast
How I Scored FREE Stuff On Amazon
10 Sites that offer free stock photos &amp; free stock HD videos for Commercial or Personal Use
If you buy online you can use this tool to compare offers of what you buy
I've had YNAB for about a year and a half now. You can see exactly when I started looking at reports, and how much a turn around I had to do once I finally realize how much I was spending on going out to eat
Kim K Who? This Woman's ASSets Have EVERYONE Talking!
How To Live An Awesome Life Without Going Broke
I can't find this textbook online anywhere, can someone please help me?
Best unintentional example of frugality?
Has SlickDeals lost it's value?
Dollar General and Sam's Club
Are cologne/perfume testers good buys?
A 'Texas Mickey' (3000ml) Bottle at Ontario Liquor stores actually cost more per 100ml than 40oz &amp; 60oz Bottles.
Any frugal tips for creating/buying a humidifier?
Lost job and career with no warning, now need to get seriously /r/Frugal!
Using coupon for item after purchase
Wondering if Les Schwab ripped me off
Lunch veggie burgers. Frugal, vegetarian, proteinaceous, easy: pick any three...or not?
How A Year Of Extreme Frugality Changed Us
Finance ministry announced banks will issue the second tranche in gold bond schemes
SUPER Cheap Replica CARTIER Love Bracelet
Stay frugal. Questions to ask yourself before making that next purchase.
How to Start a Successful Shopping Ban
Spent all day making an excel budget sheet. Feel free to use if you need one.
Don't know where else to ask?
Found a little trick to save money on a certain website, so I thought I'd share
My husband refuses to drink tap water
Struggling to choose a stubble/beard trimmer
Space heater for small room
How to change status of tax return?
Cheapest legal way to rent new movies
Have any of you gone to Timeshare info sessions just to claim the free stuff?
Negotiating with Internet Service Provider...
L.A. fitness trainer contract HELP
Buying Art Supplies in Bulk?
Frugally saving for retirement?
Frugal yet quality brands/stores
Underwear, socks and undershirts.
Remove shine from (formerly matt) nylon jacket?
Other than breakfast burritos, what can you make a surplus of and freeze?
Replacing Paper Towels
The Immeasurable Benefits of Calling
TaxActPro - $14.98 (Limited time offer)
An Idiot’s Guide to Eating the Vegetables You Buy Instead of Letting Them Rot
Don't Pay Full Blog: Money Saving Tips, Frugal Living, Personal Finance Blog
I Went Back to a Dumbphone. Here’s what I’ve learned so far.
Will Self-Driving Cars Cost California Millions in Revenue?
Interview Of Full Time RV Living On The Road Family Modigazzi Travels
Do you guys think the oculus rift is worth it?
GPT programs - express your opinion online and get rewarded for it with gift cards and Paypal payments. Easy $300 a month.
Just got a real job and want to make the most of my $$$
Living frugally through your browser. This toolbar finds the best deals and coupons for free.
Build a new PC or buy one?
Anyone know where to get cheap haircuts in SoCal? I realized
Is Top-Ramen (or any instant ramen) that bad for you?
Moving into a studio apartment with no oven, stove, or dishwasher. Any tips?
PSA: If you live near a Walmart Express be sure to stop in today because everything left in store should be 75% off! Most Stores Closing Today!
Take advantage of the currency exchange rates. Trip ideas for Canada?
Ways to save on milk?
Cheap long term car rental in So Cal
Anyone here who has successfully navigated the mess of Medicare under age 65? It seems like our hands are tied and we're forced to take the most expensive, lowest quality option, but maybe I've missed something?
[Question] What months are each fruits "in season". I've been trying to make a list of fruits when they're cheapest.
Which TurboTax edition is best for me?
Saving cooking oils?
Question about apps like MobiSave, Ibotta, Shopmium, Checkout 51, etc
Warm Winter Boots....what do you suggest?
Moving across country tips
Into foundations? Here are drugstore products that you may want to consider. They look as natural as your expensive stash.
Stir-Fry Cheat Sheet
Are you making financial errors? A few brain teasers show how you might be distracted in your decision making.
Best winter vacation hotspots and deals, according to TripAdvisor
Started a website with extremely frugal clothing. Let me know what you think. All feedback is encouraged.
Keep renting room or finally give in to getting an apartment?
Uber Free Rides
Make a candle out of a tangerine on winter days
Free $58 CAD or $40 USD credit for Airbnb!
I've come to realize I need to learn to mend clothes. Where do I start?
Buying everything for the year one time?
Aldi electric toothbrush?
How to have a frugal date?
Keep regular Medicare if over 65. Medicare replacement policies are problematic.
LPT: You can buy nice (Unlocked) phones on Ebay and save hundreds. And/or getting a pre-paid plan.
Frugal college spring break ideas?
How do I make sure a 'discount' is not actually a 'false discount' or a scam.
Really cheap way to do tomato sauce (pastas n such)
How to make texts and calls to people in your address book on your phone, even to people that don't have the same app?
Finally on my own, what's the cheapest way to take care of bills?
How To Handle Splitting The Bill At Group Restaurant Dinners
Bernie Sanders Versus Hillary Clinton on Taxes
A DIY guide to installing your own solar power
A mailer from Dish Network promises to guarantee my TV bill amount until 2019. LOL. I think I'll stick with my zero dollar zero TV plan.
"How much do you expect to be receiving per week in unemployment insurance benefits in 2016?" "How many weeks do you expect to be receiving unemployment insurance benefits in 2016?" [New York; ASAP help please]
Ideas for an inexpensive smartphone?
Purchased refurb Lenovo with pre-installed MS Office in US; gifted to brother in S. America. Now facing license/activation problems - what to do?
What are some "luxuries" that can be obtained for cheap or free?
How do you plan your weekly meals + shopping list?
Is a vitamix worth the investment? Will it save money? Eating healthy and staying fit is a priority in my life
Last Day of Open Enrollment for 2016 Health Insurance: What's Your Premium?
Need a low cost windows laptop
I'm a new Auntie! How do I help out?
Advice about AT&amp;Ts Retention Department
5 ingredients or less meals
Cheapest healthy foods?
Longer-term car loans?
Is there a subreddit similar to Consumer Reports thats actually active?
What I learned about frugality from a park in Chinatown.
Any good FREE online resources designed to educate first time home buyers?
Dollar store vitimins?
ALDI - Update. The egg crisis is over. Christmas candy still firm!!
For Some, Powerball's Promise Wasn't Just A Big Payout — But Stability, Too
I smoke hookah because it delivers 25 times the return of a single cigarette
IDEALISM DEFINITION: HOW TO MAKE MONEY ONLINE LESSON 2 ( how to publish a post and choose the right keywords)
Low-price air tickets all over the USA by Southwest.
Gravelly words uttered against her flesh
Amazon Prime on sale this weekend....for new members only though. :(
How to buy cheap air tickets
Lego Feet (Autechre) - Keyop (1991)
1 year of Amazon Prime for $73 (New Members Only, 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards)
I've seen a lot of posts lately about traveling on a budget. I've got something for you guys.
Getupay4 now offer up to 40% for outdoor solar light, generally, i will buy 3 for my doors
Amazon Prime shipping?
Selling Starbucks gift cards and anything off of amazon for 10% original price. Located in USA. I will help you be frugal
If Amazon.com collects sales tax for your state, buying a "fulfilled by Amazon" item with the same price from another seller might not.
The Gordita Supreme at Taco Bell is either overpriced, or the Gordita Meal Deal is a very good deal.
I finally found a trick (that works for me) to save for my emergency fund!
Soundproofing an apartment bed/bathroom?
Basic fried Rice
Where can I get apple skins in bulk?
Is buying out a water heater rental a smart move?
Most inexpensive way to get a university/college degree?
DIY women's haircutting tips?
[Request] Fun date ideas for people on a tight budget.
My frugal morning smoothie (note: this is only frugal if you ever buy a smoothie!)
What foods are actually cheaper at Whole Foods?
No more stinky bathrooms (DIY Poo-Pourri)
$0.15 CENT SMARTPHONE STYLUS PEN OFF ALIEXPRESS REVIEW
If you plan on filing your taxes with Liberty Tax Service here is 30% off.
Suggestion on coffee brewing device for one person?
How do i minimize my lifestlye to save money for the future?
Cheapest way (vehicle?) to live on the road with my family for a year (2 adults, 3 small kids).
38 years of searching for the elusive holy grail. This seems anticlimactic... I didn't even get a balloon!
Tips for large calorie intakes?
Can't get past Wandering in the Dark on Deathmarch/NG+
Help me get back on track please?
Has anyone switched to sprint with the 50% off deal from the tmobile $30 walmart plan?
How to cut down on luxury expenses
Uber x Vs Uber Black
Started hang drying my clothes (yay frugalness)! But now everything has a ton of static/static cling! How to fix this?
Tax prep options?
lush alternatives
Does anybody have any experience keeping a "price diary"?
Good way to save money
Would using a countertop toaster-oven save me money over using my electric range oven?
Old washing machine: repair or replace? (xpost)
If you had $150 at the beginning of the year, how would you spend it to earn $200 or more back at the end of the year?
Build Lean Muscle! Burn Stubborn Fat! Real People, Real Results! Get Free Trial Bottle!
10 Ways To Save Money When You're Broke
EBay VS Amazon comparison tool
What Does Frugal Think About Basic Income
Wanted One Of Those Cool Silicone LED Watch Bracelets, Found One At A Good Discount. Being Frugal Doesn't Mean Can't Be Cool :)
New App/Website. Kind of like craigslist/freecycle. Yerde.com
All the deals and savings you need from the comfort of your desk. Enjoy.
Can you get Credit Card reward points through money orders?
Purse.io. Getting discounts off Amazon for using Bitcoin.
Heel falling off boot, is this repairable or are these trash?? (pic for detail)
Google Opinion Rewards how do I opt out?
Looking for a vin report for a car I'm purchasing.
Is it worth it to buy a new dryer?
Used a few Coupons, got some meat on sale.
Is there an app that tells you good grocery prices/deals?
How do I reduce my cell phone bill?
Those who work casual, part time or contracted, do you find it hard to budget?
Even Hollywood is frugal
Frugal method for garage music/Spotify?
If you have the skills, what are some jobs/hobbies that make money that you can do living pretty much anywhere?
Got Any Grocery Shopping Tips or Secrets?
Want to buy a used Luxury SUV. Don't want to spend much monthly on maintenance, insurance and gas. I am not going to drive more than 200 miles a month on the higher side. Which one should I go far? I am in TX. Budget about 10K and model year should not be older than 2008.
I save money on my baby/toddler snacks by shopping at Aldis. I save in comparison to buying Gerber or Beachnut snacks.
Bargains at Winners Not Always They Appear
When An Index Card Of Financial Tips Isn't Enough, This Book Is There
Fixed umbrella by using pencils as a splint
YSK that first time customers can get Amazon Prime for $73 a year (instead of $99) until this Sunday
How I live rich without feeling it in the bank
Trying to decide if I should trade in my car for a slightly less expensive one
Best way to use credit card cash rewards?
[Serious] Chilis is doing unlimited enchiladas for $9.99. Is there a way I can eat as much as humanly possible and ensure it doesn't leave my body for a couple days? I'm sure I could fit about 3 days worth of food. Any ideas?
Credit card miles and points for travel?
If I would have to pay up front for two smartphones ($1400 total) for Cricket Wireless, would I really be saving money if I switched from Verizon?
Anybody thinking about listing their space on AirBnB? I've been doing it for three years, and it's a very frugal way to make extra money and cover expenses
Use an old broom to hang a curtain
Morale is sinking even before Uber Frugal February has begun. Send me your Frugal Karma!
Winter windshield wash
Any tips for frugal snow/ice removal on driveway/sidewalk/stairs?
What is something useful I can get off Amazon for $25 or les with free shipping?
Is it a good idea to turn off the engine at stoplights?
Moving las vegas - Fort Collins
Planning a vacation in May. Need some advice.
Looking for a recommendation on a Price Alert Android App
Turn your coin jar into gift cards
What's something that's expensive or considered a luxury but for which you have no affinity?
$250 Amazon Gift Card givewaay - Last Day
Not busy? No cards and stuff. Just sign up and sex
Repurpose an old calendar for new wall art!
The online lending platform
DIY 11lb kettlebell
Another RB 1-day sale
Is it realistic to live on 450 a month?
Buy quality over quantity
Frames on my prescription glasses broke, so I found a pair of reading glasses at the dollar store and popped my prescription lenses in
Trying to plan a vacation and not sure where to start.
Used Car battery
I need /r/frugal's advice.
Stop selling your money!
Any good ways to take advantage of the preposterously cheap gas prices right now?
Knockoff Schick Intuition Razor refills?
Cheap kuerig knock off?
Cheapest way to cover a 1000 sf basement floor that has 20 year old peel &amp; stick tiles on it?
How do you clean your reusable furnace filter?
Bringing an old dog bed back to life -- suggestions?
Need a cheap online graduate class for transfer this Summer - Advice?
Help with my drowning brother
Using Amazon Prime to be frugal?
What is the best website to find a cheap hotel (UK)
Where to shop for glasses?
Awesome Apparels Auction (Cheapest:everything is $30) - Set a reminder, auction starts January today, 4pm EST
100 Free iPhone 6s [USA only]
How to pick a lock easily (video)
Alright frugal, I'll bite. Show me whatcha got! I have less than a hundred bucks to feed me for 12 days.
Bought new bath towels from Bed Bath Beyond &amp; also Walmart..and BOTH shed many fabric pieces all over me after showering. Any genuinely good quality brands that don't shed badly?
Quick tip: You can get free coffee or tea with your haircut.
Has anyone used Plenti at participating gas stations?
Frugal car modder canadians, any way to buy decent wheels anymore? Seems like all options are from US, and 1.4 exchange rate = very sad canadian.
Flexible Spending Accounts Useless?
How to be Frugal during vacation in Las Vegas?
Dehydrated vegatables?
Cancelling Comcast and signing up as a new customer?
Contact Lenses are ridiculously cheap at CostCo
I am a relatively healthy guy and almost never use my health/dental/vision insurance benefits. What are some of the things that I should do to get the most out of my insurances?
I saved over $15,000 of expenses in 2 years by negotiating almost EVERYTHING!
These bowls are identical bar the pattern. One cost £28 from Anthropologie, the other £5 from Sainsbury's
DIY Guide - how to make your own vanilla extract for a fraction of the price of store bought
General insurers to pay Rs. 2,500 cr worth claims in Chennai
Live Cheap -Our journey to a more frugal lifestyle
Do you think Homer Simpson was great on personal finance? Homer has much to impress with when it comes to finances!
Feeling Overwhelmed? Here’s Why Simplifying is the Smarter Choice (and How to Do It)
How to teach your child money management?
Lottery winners: Frugal Scottish Borders couple bought £5 champagne glasses after £33m win - live
What's the most frugal way get Iphone 6 or 6s? Currently out of 2 years 4 people AT&amp;T fam plan
How should I do my taxes?
What do you do with the change in your coin jar?
Cheapest whiteboard options.
So, how viable is "degree hacking"? (Read details)
Cheapest car for family of four with a huge dog?
January means "white sales." Which is the best one?
Frugal Tip #734: If you travel a lot, you can boil your own drinking water to save a bit
Restaurant grade salad spinner for laundry?
Where can I get free plastic storage/milk crates?
How we improvised in a small kitchen with some cinderblocks
J Crew: up to 70% off use code: Getshoping, expires January 17 at 11:59 pm
xpost No health insurance, no problem. Why you don't need Obamacare.
Mini Aldis baby/toddle haul.
How this guy got back $179.67 from his car insurance after three months
No heat this winter? Some things I've read online and/or implemented myself this year.
Secret hack to quench your thirst the cheap way. [WARNING: IRISH ACCENT]
Has anyone used tax return programs before? These guys say that they will submit it for you and within 2 hrs, you get the return. Their $99 fee comes out of your tax return. Would this be a good deal to avoid the frustration and stress...?
Turbotax deluxe is saying it's $0.00, is it a scam or for real?
What food is essential to keep in my pantry?
What are your frugal gardening tips?
How do you deal with being tight wads?
Staying frugal in the kitchen.
Video Game Guilt
Frugal ways to exercise when exercising outside of a gym is not possible
Don't miss the Aldi Coupon
It's cheaper to order contact lenses from UK than US websites, thanks to favorable exchange rate
What are your best frugal tips that someone can put into practice today?
Remember to check online prices, even if you're in the physical store.
I know this isn't exactly "frugal" but it's a great little thing I do that I think other people might enjoy
Built a really nice TV stand with my dad for a total cost of $170
How I Made $300 in my Pajamas Today
15 Easy Ways to Earn Money on the Side
Powerful webinar for savings &amp; earning, check it out...
[US/CA/UK/AUS/NZ/DK/FI/SE/NO/DE] Toluna - The biggest global GPT site that you can make a little extra money on.
Using Skype as your primary phone service?
Space heater for small room
Trail Runners?
Should I have my company pay for my phone?
What common, easily fixable, unfrugal behavior do you see in most people that make you just cringe?
Trying to see Harry Potter World/Disney on a budget
Products with many uses?
Flight question
Use store apps to save on groceries!
Have you guys changed over to all LED light bulbs yet?
I've got a hambone, now what?
For my fellow college students, go to Slugbooks to buy your textbooks
Dave Ramsey says save money by hiring someone to do your taxes?
How to deal with proactiv's aggressive auto replinish &amp; invoices?
Planning an Orlando vacation for two with a $1200 budget for 3 days
Does your state have a Deer Exchange Program?
My cheat code to finding low prices online
Top 5 Reasons Why People Go Bankrupt
Don't buy gas from a pump without a weights and measurement seal. If the pump didn't dispense the correct amount of gas during its inspection, it will not be sealed, meaning you could be getting less gas for your money.
Which personal finance tools do you use to get over fear of getting into credit card debt?
IDEALISM DEFINITION: HOW TO MAKE MONEY ONLINE LESSON 3 ( How to make your blog appear on search engines)
Tips and tricks every online shopper should know [Infographic]
Living frugally is even easier when you make an extra buck. Toluna is a huge GPT website that helps with that.
Victoria’s Secret Giving Away $70 Workout Pants When You Buy $30 Sports Bras
Two (9W) LED bulbs do the job of eight (40W) incandescent bulbs
Space heater for small room
You don't have to spend 50$ on a new PC disk drive
Advice for Homeaway refund after a few nights with a broken toilet
Saving money on pretty much anything you buy online. Here's how to do it.
Best way to get replacement heads for an electric toothbrush?
Anyone grow their own food? I live in an apartment and would like to start doing so, if it actually saves money.
Best way to cool an apartment without AC and save on bills?
Looking for advice on planning to move cross-country frugally.
Expensive blankets?
Bought a little over 5 gallons of good soda for the price of purified water. :)
Frugal new sofa options
Good budget/inexpensive sneakers that will last me 6 months to a year?
putting together notes on how to be successful in college
getting fresh produce for almost free (no gardening)
Win $250 Amazon Gift Card - 3 days left
5 Frugal Living Tips That Will Make You Rich Fast - The Ultimate Guide To Saving Money
My monthly income vs monthly costs and that's left for food.
This is what a $0, zero skill, no sew dog bed looks like.
Girlfriend and I are trying to book a hotel and trip into Boston, what are some ways to be frugal?
What is the procedure for making the dormant account active?
Wall Street Journal: Why the Redskins’ Players Are So Frugal
What do you refuse to spend money on?
Deal ends tonight I think
Just discovered 7-11 Coffee
I want to go back to a dumb phone.
is it a problem if at 23 I don't want to buy anything anymore for the rest of my life?
I'm looking for a laptop (or desktop) under $300, must be wifi compatible, can't be a chromebook. Used or refurbished is totally fine. Must be able to handle netflix and facebook.
Love sea voyages? How about a cheap (reposition) cruise?
Couponing App - built into your browser.
What Items Do You Think People Tend to Overspend on the Most?
Personal Experience
I am buying a fairly new used car from a dealership, is it better to purchase an Extended warranty or an auto repair insurance?
So... What DO you do after you save?
Frugal options for out of country traveling?
52-weeks savings challenge. Saved $5,512.00
A Mexican restaurant near me had a Groupon deal offering a years worth of tacos for $199. Is this a frugal buy?
Has anyone gotten electrolysis hair removal to eliminate shaving time/costs?
Building an inexpensive, sustainable home? I want to save money long term. So, solar/geodesic dome/etc??
The difference between buying at a bulk store and buying at a grocery store.
Starbucks Holiday Items 1/2 Off
Save $75 when you spend $100+ from asicsamerica
Our family of 5 lost everything in a fire yesterday. This is the only place I could think of to ask advice for the rebuilding ahead.
Living frugally through your browser. This toolbar finds the best deals and coupons for free.
Online shopping price comparison
Filed my 1098-T wrong, is it worth to refile?
Super budget-friendly bridesmaid dresses ~$50?
Any insight on how to make your children cost less?
Has anyone ever bought a travel package through Groupon? How was it?
Using Turbo Tax?
My GF and I are moving from Sacramento CA to Richfield NC in March
Frugal driving - what does it mean to you?
How to Sell Damaged Laptops?
Meal Prepping and ALDI?
Help with Car Insurance?
Downgrading on laptop
Has anyone used bubble wrap for insulating Windows? Have they found success with this?
McDonald's Hidden Options
Buying a old (late 90s early 2000s) used car
Should I learn to make alterations?
Is anyone else a frugal thinker, but an impulsive/compulsive spender?
Here is what to do if you’ve received a tax notice out of the blue
13 Money-Saving Charts That Make Smart Spending Easier In 2016
YSK That you can get a free oil change and tire rotation just for applying for an NTB credit account.
Why You Should Almost Certainly Join Costco (or Sam's Club/BJ's). A pretty full listing of their benefits and comparison of the three by a guy who spends way too much money there.
Is keeping your home cold taking years off your refrigerator?
Save TONS of money when selling/buying a home (advice from a former real estate agent).
Need a good printer for pumping out colored photos
PSA: Companies closed their books. Now's the time to stock up on winter and work clothing for cheap with all of the clearance sales.
To the frugal PC gamers looking to get the most out of their build on a very tight budget, this video may be helpful.
Love nature? You can visit some of the most beautiful national parks in the US for free on Monday, January 18
Which are the types of taxes in India?
Amazon Prime discounted to $73 for new members for one more day.
$35 Off $75 with Free Shipping at WalMart Coupon January 2016
Most Profitable DIY Skills for Beginners
safe Money and impress your wife or girlfriend with an self-made silver ring out of a coin.
I've called multiple hotels asking for possible lower rates, and none have offered any. What am I doing wrong?
Bought a chest freezer and quarter cow for the first time, here is my experience so far. Advice appreciated.
$100 Gift card - what to do!?
How to feed a very hungry teenage boy on a budget??
... Would this work?? (credit cards)
How do you buy makeup while on a very tight budget?
Frugal haircut and curls?
I just got married. How do we join our finances?
How to weatherize window ac units for winter?
online wage calculator URL
Seven household items that are better second-hand
This is How I Saved $743 on my Flight to Europe!
5 Easy Ways to Save Money after the Holidays
Am I the asshole here? Amazon support told me this item is not eligible for prime shipping and would not acknowledge my shipping complaint
Should I buy a new (used) car, or spend $4,000 to repair existing vehicle?
Frugal ladies, any tips on shaving cheap?
In need of a new prescription and glasses. Is vision insurance worth it?
Best place to get prints?
Which credit card should I look into?
I ordered takeout food - I don't leave a tip. Am I a douche?
Frugal Victory @Penney's
NY Times has financial experts squeeze their best advice onto a single index card
