cheap nice art I can get for =&lt;$8 USD?
Old style Icons
An introduction for a longtime lurker.
x-post /r/furryartschool Hey. I don't have any commissions or requests at the moment, so does anyone want me to draw a freebie for them?
Favorite furry movie
Furry hobbies? What some common hobbies within the furry fandom?
Anyone willing to draw my fursona for me?
Im new to the whole Furry thing
The race for space #1 ( a story ) ( warning long )
The Furries! Group
Furs that play CS:GO
Pixel commissions?
Questions for your 'Sona #79
Deer Busts by Casey
"Join the dark side." or "Hi my name is Ansitru and I make terribad jokes."
Shakira - Try Everything (from Disney's Zootopia)
Rip Brian Bedford the voice of Robin Hood
I'm not a morning Sergal
Just a heads-up: 'The Art of Zootopia' is available for pre-order!
I made an FA! Please take this picture as I only have two other submissions!
Some breathe fire. I breathe ice. Learning Dota 2, Winter Wyverns nice - by Slivers
Film is alive and well -- and furry -- at Slamdance 2016
Sign Up Today! (vintage poster w/ speed paint)
Commission for GuardianKing
Kofi [my sona] sketch page! [artist: desmonddiamond]
Dark Side Furs
How to Make a Flair - No Skills Required
Furries ruin everything!
Eharmony matched me with a dog
Anyone else really excited about the Ratchet and Clank movie? 2 months after Zoo releases.
Here Is My Battlestation
Sunday Afternoon by lundi
Furry artist wanted for upcoming indie game
My new favorite fursuiter begger
Joining the battlestation bandwagon
Longtime lurker, introducing myself, looking for friends in Texas
[NSFW] My first little ref &lt;3
I'm gonna quit reddit
Feeling a little better. How're you?
Anyone here play Old School RuneScape?
Further Confusion 2016 Megathread: Meetups, stories, photos!
So I just watched the Zootopia trailers for the first time...
Suggestions for my next speed paint video?
Shoutout to all furries with uncommon species! :D
Free art stuff!
Questions for Your 'Sona #92
Sketch Requests Round 5: First five comments get their requests drawn
Looking to commission an artist for an icon!
Question for artists.
Furnal Equinox Presents Our Chocolate Sauce &amp; Pie Party For Charity
How long have you been in the Furry Fandom?
Questions for your 'Sona #82
What are furry's
Further Confusion 2016 After Movie!
A Badge I started sketching this summer.
You Are Enough
Paypal Adoptables, hand drawn. Comment if interested. #1 is $12 USD and #2 is $10 USD Custom designs are available for $13 USD
X-Files themed Zootopia pic on @ByronPHoward twitter page (not my art)
Got my character commissioned
Just in case no one's made this one yet...
Battlecat_3 by enterry
Weaker Sides // Lady Doe and the Birds // surreal, experimental webcomic
Redesigned a (relatively) old character. Meet Comet!
Fursuiting problems
Ryan vs Cole by KristKC
Fur suiters, what's the best way to travel with a head via airplane? Thanks so much for your help! :3
My take on a dutch angel dragon
Some cute JolleRaptors ;by Jonouchi_Mutt
Grumpy durgon ;by Vorelord
"I'm a Jedi now!"
Fluffy Couple by jamesfoxbr -- Fur Affinity [dot] net
Ref sheets and an icon I drew for the boyfriend! [NSFW-- nudity]
When three furs draw together...
This is what happens when you ask a foxcoon to play football! Photos taken at ANE by @DoktorTheHusky.
PR Accounts 2016
Anyone got a sauce for this? ( [NSFW] for cringe)
Tamp on the subject of siblings - Drawn by Yukikitty
this is deer skin mate! by Shadowcatch AKA Ozymandias117 -- Fur Affinity [dot] net
*puts catnip and dog-nip and dragon-nip and kaiju-nip and nips for all animals everywhere*
Working on a character concept, what do you fuzzbutts think so far?
Werkin on my Fursona, Vitani
Why fursonas but no human sonas? Dear furs; let me introduce to you the "uncanny valley"!
This cutie's for sale! thedrawingblonde at FA
Web series about a guy in a Dog costume
Afon with a Hot Dog costume by NemesisIlit
[NSFW] [21] [ Naughtylilsluttoy ] aching to be bred by a powerful alpha
Dealing with depression?
Furry Cheer Thread - Week One
New year's chibi drinking stream
Sharing my excitement!
When did you "know"?
Wrongful Furry Steroetype?
Happy Peculiar People Day!!!
Samuel Conway's aka "Uncle Kage" father has passed
Joie de la mer ~ Demicoeur
Drawpile 3 Results!
My half of a trade with Bromance - Had way too much fun with this!
Amazing headshot I got from [Grau / Melissar1]
Playing Pocket Morty's when I found a furry Morty XD
Emergency YCHs for a Talented Friend
So I was doing a quick fursona headshot and ended up making the rough layer the stuff of nightmares.
It's so nice having a non furry friend :D [nsfw language]
Just got this in the mail, it is very soft..
Art by CoyleCoyote
So I built the fox walk sign from the Zootopia poster. Why? reasons, mostly fox-related reasons.
Lightwedge - Siskmarek
at the peak of Melancholy (my art)
Counting Stars, by Flash_lioness
The Cutestation~
I am currently having my first shot at drawing streaming come and have a look
Smol gay, Hanake :D(my sona)
Rebooting my comic with a new style
Money and Mask Ban Keep Burlington 'Furry'-Free
Looking to buy a fursuit? Check out our Bolero red fox!
Mouse Police are a thing in Zootopia, so why is Judy Hopps so put down? I guess we find out in a few months.
Sketch of my two Characters :)
Star Fox Limited Edition 8-inch Fox McCloud statue available for pre-order (xpost from /r/starfox)
This sub vs the IRL fandom. What a difference.
New years joke about deer ~Cerberus (Cheetah cop)
Commission slots still open. Please message me if you wish to have one &lt;3
all you furries need to stop hitting on tony the tiger
Can't single female furrys out there?
Does anyone here have experience with starting a convention?
*Gives you some TF powder*
Are there any pokemon-style games where you collect anthropomorphic characters instead of creatures?
Any good frequent artists to follow on FA?
Happy Fursuit Friday!
Any good reference sheet artists?
Battlestation (Computer Setup) Megathread!
Best of /r/furry 2015: Winners!
Artist in trouble. Please help this guy out! He needs it.
Faux Paws Pawsocks Crowdfund reaches 60%!
Catchy Music Video from Korea. (Monster Time)
Further Confusion 2016 Live Stream
First attempt at drawing an anthropomorphic animal what do you guys think?
Youtube's starting to know me a little too well...
My first ref sheet of my fursona by TheBlueishOne i ab-so-lut-ly love it!! :D
Don't worry... I'll help keep you warm
The ClusterFur: SilverEagle's Experience with FurAffinity (and his Request for Help)
Cillian! Get in the Fursuit! ~ Tamazuki Akiyama
German Music Video with German furs in it :)
'Zootopia' - Official Final Trailer
New FurCon 2016 announcement!
Dream commission?
Ps4 Communities
Questions for your 'Sona #101
Why I decided to call myself a FURRY
Looking for Chatroom [Possibly NSFW]
How did your fursona originate?
Just saw the premiere of Fursonas at Slamdance!
Tips on making a sona?
if you became your fursona how would you mange to interact everyday objects and live your life with your new paws claws or talons etc?
Any LGBT fur's here?
Furry Guild Wars 2 Guild?
A quick thanks to you fuzzbutts :)
Looking for picture
Do you have any good Furry Drag names?
Furries!(AKA People in animal costumes dancing like idiots)
The Dawn Chapel - Fashionable Dog Dining
D.Travis and Lt Pandez meet Marvin the Robot (CONfusion 2016 scifi con)
Got these guys in the mail the other day! They're so fluffy!! @__@
If You Like Pina Coladas ~ CherryBox
Newest commission of my 'sona! [art by bitley]
Ferries will always stand in favor of the right to bear arms.
Widget Leathertail by Shadowcatch AKA Ozymandias117 -- Fur Affinity [dot] net (possibly NSFW)
Made some Telegram stickers for a local tanuki!
Action Fur Wallpaper by Cyantler
Can anyone identify the artist(s) of these?
Drew Something for my Friend's Birthday!
Who wants that free art??
One more! Cute badge done by Strawberryt25
Furcon 2016 pics
Got this MEGA cute animated commission over on DA of mine and my bf's sonas!
Marriage of Mrs. Fox (Grimm's Fairy Tales)
Furnation Crowdfunding its return as free hosting for furries
Furries at the bag carousel
Kitt - Anatomy Practice by Cyantler
I like bandwagoning
I drew this YEARS before I knew what furries were. Not technically a furry, but I was so excited to find this culture.
Practicing A E S T H E T I C backgrouds
Monochrome Khamazia by _CartoonLover_
Currently inking a Beatles themed piece, if you all are interested in watching me stream!
Hey there! I'm new to Reddit, this will be my introductory post.
Anyone here like D&amp;D?
I need some furry wallpapers
To furs with depression...
An average conversation with my non-fur friends (on skype)
Questions for your 'Sona #98
My Introduction. Been lurking for far too long. AMA
Can I ramble a bit about how much I love this fandom?
Did a game grumps styled commission!
Cereal offenders: Tony the Tiger begs furries to stop tweeting him porn [xpost /r/nottheonion]
Howdy! I decided to experiment with dry-brush painting in my sketchbook. How'd I do?
My half of an art trade with ALovelyTwitch ＾∇＾
J a c k i e by Digimitsu
Lovebird dragon ;by Kiwiggle
Dog laying in the grass
Furcon 2016 photos
Furry Seras Victoria by Fuzzycoma
Found this in my bookmarks. Artist unknown.
uzura on FA; also selling this little guy there!
it's been a while. *hug*
My meager 2015 art summary - Need to do more art!
Fursona -expressions- by BorrowtheKnight
Toothless and Jojo having a good time [Jeniak]
CANT STUMP #2016
It was the cat! (Commission by Jan @tigerknight)
I got one of those furry CC too
first doodles of the new year~
Lone digger music video; beautiful animation. (NSFW)
Quick question
Join our unofficial Furry kik. Kik code in link
Fursona change
Judy Hopps from Zootopia
I'm homophobic and don't like a lot of this community. You have three paragraphs to convince me furries are alright and are not just closet dog rapists, how would you do it?
My fursona used to be a WIMP!...until Queenbara got a hold of him!
Number of favorites bug
Questions for your 'Sona #108
Looking for furs to RP with
I hit a dead spot with my art.
(Discussion) So I'm brainstorming an idea for a novel and I need some help deciding who should be the main character for it. A dragon or an anthro?
Furries in southern Ontario
What is your perfect fursuiting weather?
Coming soon: Zootopia Funkos!
Furry WoW guilds/players
Where did yamicat go
"Fur of a Skunk" (Zootopia)
water by OwlVortex on DeviantArt
Cereal Dilemma by MrFarrow
Oh jeez it's on the front page.
Wolf portrait [OC]
My first head shot :D
Commission for DiscordNight by PenguinEXperience
Made a wallpaper version of the EF22 website
Lovely Bunny Pose Pinup YCH~
I got a custom debit card, too!
Milkshake is finally finished!
Howl Con II updates?
Finally had Truro commissioned! So happy with the result!
New guy in town here! Feel free to ask whatever!
Talk to a sona #6
Furry meetups for Zootopia?
I feel stuck, and need to sort of vent about it. (Not specifically furry related, but I trust you guys and need to write out my thoughts)
Question, College furs, what university do you attend?
Any UK furries?
New to the community
any interest in commissions?
First drawing tablet...any recommendations?
What would Hitler have thought of furries?
Introducing Zurich! In "The Twin Dilemma"
Telegram chat group?
Now, I know this question gets asked quite a bit but...
This makes me almost want to buy Disney Infinity
Is someone going tell him he's not a monkey? (digital painting)
Mmm that cake looks good (via disneyanimation instagram)
The (Not So) Real Guide To Fursuit Poses
Message notification by Mr Farrow
Icon for Minty Miotas [Art by Maxx]
Art sale! B&amp;W art now 37.5% off!
Nose boop [oc]
Literally a furry battlestation...
I made some minor changes to my 'sona. What do you guys think?
Emergency Commission Price Chart!!!
Found a pretty cool 360 degree video of the FC 2016 fursuit parade.
Because I don't procrastinate enough on commissions, have some underwear c:
Female Nevrean Sketch
Just finished a ref sheet commission for somebody on here! c:
Wildfire by Christina Yen (xpost /r/Anthro)
TIL there's a registered furry ISP
Made a new rabbit character! Got any critique or suggestions for future drawings?
This movie poster [Kung Fu Panda 3]
sergalspin - ChewyLemon
First attempt at digital art
For anyone that still needs a calendar.
Where I spend too much time.
[furry] hurr durr ima spam
Looking for an artist for my ref
Who here is going to watch Super Bowl 50?
Anthro Dollmakers/Character Generators that do 'cub' or flat-chested bodytypes?
Am I the only one who agrees with TonyTheTiger?
Soo , I'm new... And would like some info.
Don't mind me loitering about
The Curse of Merlin ~Part 1
Over Time (OoP) Discussion
What ever happened to FARR?
My good friend u/Skriitch drew these for me not too long ago as a Christmas gift
This Site Likelyy Contains-s Sexually Expliciit Photos- Of Someone You Know! my sao
The Dragon Tales of Three: Part One~ The Calling of Dragonets by Topaz Colite
Helen tries lying. It's not very effective.
The latest deviancy they're trying to mainstream - 'Disney’s new film, “Zootopia,” is arguably an attempt to mainstream “furry” sexuality' (Some good and funny light reading)
Cyberbunny - Anatomy Practice by Cyantler
Tomino (Red-Panda Rabbit)
sergalspin - ChewyLemon
Just trying to fit in, meet my uh, fursona.
[Survey] I created this basic/general furry survey and am posting it to every furry website. Please contribute and spread the survey!
I'm just gonna leave this here...
Just some quick furry portraits I did to test out my new markers, hope you like!
Victorian Library by PeppeTi
This is my first painterly style drawing! Tell me what you think =)
Subway TV ad has UK fursuiter Puzzle Cheetah
"Griffin - Album Art" by Sylvia Ritter (faith303)
Checking the lin
comfy time [racoonwolf]
How's this for furry advertising?[NSFW]
LMC Contest badge by Zammap . Lettering by me
I've found awesome Youtube channel (Nviek5)
flint and the haunted forest/desert
A pretty good read
Frosted Flakes Audition
A cat's workstation
Hopping on the bandwagon, my 'battlestation' too. I just moved in so my walls are still quite plain.
Art stream - freebs and nsfw [ONLINE]
FREE NSFW DUO ART! on my furaffinity :) come join the fun! (18+)
Your most favorite pics?
Birthday Freebies
Fursuit Maker Beware
Headlines from Flayrah: Dec. 22 - Jan. 17
Let's try this again: Asexual Furry Telegram Group
Looking for a Star Fox fanfiction called "The Right Reasons" by Cpt. Fox?
Anyone here a competitve gamer?
I just started to like furries. Is this a good fandom?
"A Night Out" a commission by Me.
Stars, by smileeeeeee
Large album of my future comics characters~ Made by various artists.
Made a theme for Chrome, this is incognito mode.
Group of carpet sharks
Took a "What is your fursona?" personality quiz. Every single trait is correct, but dammit, I don't want to be a skunk.
[furry] My ex - whore, nickname: AmazonGirl44 *Search can be registered
First ever commission of Dox done by Koviry. Surprised to find it finished when I got home from work.
A dapper commission I got by Misos (/u/youfuckstookallnames)
My Ultra cool 3 monitor gaming station.
Finally got a paid commission of Truro! Very happy with the result! Tell me what you think!
I made this today
uzura on FA; this little guy is for sale!
There She Is!!! (Picollage) by ~ColonelCheru
I made some Snapchat pictures of my characters, maybe you guys will like them. (NSFW ones in comments)
Donkeyboy -- Lost
New furry club event in Minneapolis begins Jan 30th
Female Nevrean
Pretty much r/furryhate
Alpine ice draggy ;by Rotarr
What is so wrong with furries guys?
The sexual education of young Bristol Lion (Pt1)
Star Claws: The Furs Awakens by Sarah Ellerton
Battlestations? BATTLESTATIONS!
Is it possible to contact anyone on furriesxtreme?
Looking for furrys to chat with
any Fuzzbutts out there catch X-Files last night?
A Big Thank-You
Anyone able to help me design a character?
Half Asleep AMA
Hi guys! New person entering the Fandom here, and my first Fursona (Drawing)!
I just want to say hi. I haven't said hi in a while.
Shower thought: Zootopia will have a drama similar to There She Is series.
Who here has commissioned fursona sheets and what did they cost you?
How Much Did Your Fursuit Cost?
Who's a good dog? You are.
What furry themed surnames can the /r/furry community think of?
Any good furry dating sites?
The race for space part 2 ( now longer... For real )
Questions for your 'Sona #83
Casual Confursation #4
Cute Pink Panda Girl: Mishi
The Bedfellows - Swimming (EP#36)
I dont know who did this, But I am glad they did: zootopia pic based on SNL skit NSFW
Sothe by Konveekou
old work(30/10/2015) by KuroBlood
Back when I was still a beginner, my best friend commissioned me for a fullsuit. I'm proud to say it's the best suit I've ever built.
If a dog wore pants...(yeah I joined that bandwagon)
Been practicing my art every night for the past month. Finally made myself a ref sheet.
It FINALLY came!!! XD
Fluffy Maxx! (Commission by Neltruin)
(Discussion) So... what are you like in real life? What type of person are you? Hobbies outside of this fandom? Anything about yourself that's noteworthy.
Bow --- by Zeusdex
Got my first two commissions, thought I'd share
First time ever drawing a furry. Thoughts?
Parents and Fursuiting
New to the fandom
A furry teamspeak?
[Group] Yu-Gi-Oh furs
Zootopia merchandise is out.
If your sona was in an animated series, who would you have voice them?
New York furries, where you at?!
Where is a Good Place to Receive Critique on my Artwork?
If you did; how did you tell your friends you were a furry?
ugh another bad day
Now for a more proper introduction, G'Dag!
/r/furry Telegram Account Megathread #1
For anyone who is not very good at art, but wants to try drawing their Fursona
Fire Wolf by Christina Yen
Dynamic Sketchdump 2 - The Dark Realms
Went to my first furcon a few weeks ago, and here is a video I made for it! [Confurgence]
My phone wallpapers.
Still working on this week's requests. Just finished this one and I'm really happy with how it turned out!
My friend at school drew me this!
Streaming last night was fun, so I'm doing it again! Working on some requests I didn't get to, as well as do a freebie later on. Come and join in!
WHY THE FUCK ARE THERE PICTURES OF COMPUTERS ON /R/FURRY
One new book in library --- by TS-cat
It looks like The Daily Show has picked up on the recent PR Account situation.
My fursona, Velcra. :)
Florida Marshland [Art by Sidonie]
I bought my first proper cash commission today, I couldn't be happier with it!
King of the City
Showed my gf of 18 months this subreddit yesterday. She was a little weirded out but accepting. Today she sent me this in a text. Made my day.
A gym in my town just posted this.
Valyrie Maverick art by Me
My ex - whore, nickname: Liza118. Search can be registered
Surprised durgon ;by VoreLord
Artists of /r/furry, what's the weirdest commision(s) you've ever accepted?
When you accidentally use that front camera.
[x-post r/funny] The last guy thinks he's one of us...
Faux Paws Sock Crowdfund at 50% funding!
Need a partner for a YCH!
CRAAAWLING IIN MY CRAAAWL
Monochrome Khamazia
Quickie Request: Dr. Rapture the Croc Medic!
THE SELF: DEMO is here. (Full game still WIP)
Livestream : Animal Movies and 3D Commission for an Animal Game.. come if your bored and wanna hang out :3
New to the fandom and chose my most hated animal as my 'sona. Meet Fiasko the stupid deer!
*Free* Chat Robot Based off of your Fursona
Hey it's my birthday!
Furry Worries Thread - Week Seven
Surprising ticci!!
news/information about Empire of the new sun?
Does anyone else hardly participate due to being late to discussion threads?
Looking for ref sheets! :o
Any fuzzies want to play.....well, anything?
Questions for Your 'Sona #91
I know a lot of furries have problems with anxiety and depression.
Flair was added today; i'm stoked. Thank you again for making it, /u/Dreadsteel!
New Furry Here, ask me anything you desire!
David Campbell shares his excitement at voicing a koala in forthcoming animated Disney adventure Zootopia (Australian and New Zealand version)
The ClusterFur: (This guy)'s experiences with FurAffinity (management)
A majestic sight [Imgur mirror in comments]
Hoard - Anon commission, art by myself
Sundog by tetramera
U.S. Release for ‘The Boy and the Beast’ is same day as Zootopia
Tony Tiger eats his breakfast
I was chalenged by /u/Redfurs a long time ago to draw this. It was tons of fun!
Pip - Wingsuit by Cyantler
Hank McCoy by BennytheBeast
Happy Fursuit Friday! - Warm and Comfy Sergal
This seems more relevant than ever now...
SpaceCats In Space Is Showing at MAGFEST!
Necromancy of a Nekomata (Art by me)
Ol' Grandpappy Fursuit
Our First Meeting
Emergency Commissions
First attempt at fursona
Can't wait until the month of March finally arrives (Zootopia)
Game/Prize Stream (Win Art!)
Furcon/Genesis Stories?
Do any of you fuzzbutts play chess?
Requests open [0/1]
Is there a place I can post my commission info?
Blade and Soul head start! Any fuzzies playing or plan to play?
Next review up :)
Does anyone know the artist for the new FA banner (not the Fall one)?
Thoughts on the Phipaw?
New speed paint video. Aw yiss.
Another small fuzzy I made for a friend
New Commission Piece -Alt Vers- By Me
How to Corgi by @PekoeInk on Twitter
Kauwi's Nightmare - Digitally Redone
Zootopia Official Final Trailer
Into the barn with yah! by depster -- Fur Affinity [dot] net
Hello, r/furry! I drew one of my newest characters, Emily!
Grunt: "Shepard! " by boar123
Overtime ~ Kenket &amp; Rukis [Out of Position series]
Saw this at furcon
"Brother Bear" by akelataka
"Freezing Cold" by pandapaco
1264 days ago, I uploaded my first furry drawing I liked. Here's my 2015 art review.
Joining the bandwagon, custom VISA card
Wow. Why didn't you guys tell me we had an official movie?
A furry friend and a scalie friend reminded me of Keem's video:
Have started back into art. Drew a robo-shep for a buddy.
Since everybody is doing it, here is my battlestation.
Freeb stream [ONLINE] (nudity warning)
Garry's Mod furries
Upcoming conventions?
So Stephen Colbert admitted to something the other day...
.. And I thought it was just a phase
Furry Personalities!
Greetings. I'm a gryphon.
Hi! Lurking cat finally posting
Suggestions for Furry Photoshop Battles?
Is someone downvoting every post?
Question about posting art
Out of all the roles for Shakira to play in the Zootopia movie...
'Daisy the Moo Cow' by Noben
How did I suddenly grow hands? (Anthro Ref of Jed) (RyuuGirl)
The Tables Have Turned by [NemesisIlit]
Request for Ehksidian
Battlestation bandwagon
Finally got a chance to draw my baby boy Valourin in his dragon form AND in color!❤❤❤
Lynx Surveying (by mcKempt)
Happy New Year from Zootopia (X-posted from Byron Howard's Twitter page)
I don't have a fursuit for Fursuit Friday :-\ But I did just get my new hat in the mail!
The second to last of this round of commissions. :3
Dapper Maxx (Icon Commission by @gingerisaspice)
Roll Up For The Mystery Tour!
[Commission] Drezrek Hellscaler by ninethart (WildStar)
My first drawing of 2016; creepy bara horse.
Saw this on the wall at work
Free request! Peanut theme!
Steam Friends!
I've think about returning
Does FA collect any info regarding IP, and is it accessible to me? Possibly being harassed...?
Art stream - freebs available NSFW [ONLINE]
Need help narrowing down my fursona/character
The New Wolf, Finds love &lt;3
