Back into Orbit is now in beta!
At this point, game devs are no longer competing for player's money. They are competing for their time. What should be done differently for PC games?
Hiiro is out today, after 6 years of development! Check out our release trailer.
Is this title okay for my game?
Any languages/engines in particular ideal for rhythm games?
What do you think of our graphics?
I have this dream that probably won't meet real life expectations...
Creating your own 2D Game Assets for games.
Jhulo is out now!
Looking for (free) music being made for your game?
Free ambient soundtrack for use in games
Naming stuff in games?
Looking for Steam OS users to test a game
C or C++ for my game engine?
Configurable subtitle presentation in Life is Strange 1.07
I put together a collection of well designed itch.io game pages you can use for inspiration/ideas
Have working UE4 prototype, what's the next step? How can I protect my IP so I can safely demo and show around?
I wrote about: Spiderwebs in games and the struggle for artists learning what make things look good
Releasing an Indie Game on 3 Consoles at Once and Failing Financially
What else causes rendering bottlenecks?
How would you create this type of art for mobile based games
Yandere Simulator: is this achievable? Lone dev trying to figure out the next step
Which languages are most used with Entity Systems? ... which ones do people want to use with ES's?
An Article How To Pitch a Game Idea to Publishers. Anyone done it and care to share the experience?
Game Development Tutorial Stream
Do you think it is possible to get into game dev with a geophysics background?
Coding for Licenses Attribution with commercial allowed. If I apply this to my code before working for a company, can I then use it for that company.
Check out my iOS game on The App Store Let me know what U think ;)
Art Feedback - Which character style should I use?
A game creation/distribution platform I'v been working on
Looking for a group of game devs!
Fox Agent new cover photo :D
Are ASCII Roguelike's Still Relevant?
Game Design Books; Game Analysis/ Game Feel
A buddy of mine is working on a sci-fi roguelike (it's his first big project) and he has started a dev blog.
[Unity3D Asset] Real Life Location Info
Gamer/Developer needs help building a desktop
What is your favorite platform for game developing?
C++ Game engine. How do I pass an object (reference?) to another object so that I can access things from the first in the second?
Just released an opensource port of the AlterEgo platformer for the Bitbox DIY console.
Warning: ScreenShot Saturdays Posts are considered "Promotional".
PSA: Indie Games Are Not Cucumbers
Bringing Finding Monsters to VR Part 1 - From Mobile to VR
Recommendations for test game art for programmer?
Looking for feedback on my first Android game.
Cartoon Network Game Jam
Google Play Game API for Web Client
Minh "Gooseman" Le on Video Game Dev, F2P Games and early days of counter-strike (CS Dev)
Brainstorm a design problem with me?
What is your steam trading card revenue ?
Gamedev hats (wip)
Dev Blog for my ASCII Game
How do you approach using low-detail, small sprites on large displays?
Quick Survey! My team of veteran Marketing Analysts, Public Relations Strategists and Social Media Managers is on the verge of launching the first ever PR Firm made exclusively for Indie Game developers! We need YOUR help to see if this is possible.
Looking for serious game dev partner. Must use Unreal engine.
Looking for Artist (preferably pixel art)
Help for beginners.
Torn between engines for a board game
American Mah Jongg Hand Calculator
My game was featured by a blog, and I'm really excited about it.
The Average Everyday Adventures of Samantha Brown - Interactive Novel
AdColony + Unity?
Does anyone know any article about controller guidelines / common button assignment?
Best book for pathfinding?
Why do most RPG games uses range values for attack/defence?
Narrative Prototype Tool I Made [Thoughts?]
Original Far Cry producer and now founder of an indie studio doing AMA on Jan 12 7PM EST
How do i Promote my twitch gamedev streaming ?
Government wants to promote videogames! Suggestions?
I do FREE English to Portuguese Translations
Why do we need violence in our games?
Why don't AAA games have faster main menu loads?
When making a game in Unity or Unreal, how much code do you actually write?
Are there any languages/engines in particular idea for rhythm games?
Does anyone here actually like "debug my code" questions?
Award-winning, Pinoy-made 'Kill the Plumber' game now on Steam
Alterverse - Precursor(ARG) and Fantasy Roads(MMARG)
Hasten | My first Android &amp; iOS game is released!
Need help with coding in game guru
Making free Music!
Looking for advice for my Undergraduate Major project - Choosing a framework.
Hello! Introducing my game and myself!
Just passing through, looking for where I fit into the Game Design field and a couple general questions
A lonely aspiring game programmer here looking for others to form friendships/study buddies or anything.
Libgdx: Playing back MOD files?
What links should be relevant for me if I want to integrate Steam's stuff into my game?
At 83, I Decided to Develop an App
Has anyone here released a game on Amazon Underground?
Should I create models in pieces or try to make it all one mesh?
Game AI for a beginner
How to deal with difficult team members?
iOS Game Dev course in Swift
Horror Game about Cthulu, should I do it?
Question on schooling
2 episodes of the indie dev podcast are out this week
Programming a small fighting game, how should I approach frame-manipulation?
We sold 4.000 copies in 11 weeks in Early Access, here's some data
Free SciFi Pixel Art Bacground
I need tipps for sounds and music in my game
PS3 DEBUG / TEST UNIT FOR SALE (DECHJ00A)
The first FPS game that we made!
An Online gaming convention to showcase your games.
People being weirded-out on Greenlight and negative reaction to something different
What's the best way to find artists to collaborate with you on a game?
Looking for people that would like to code a PC puzzle game for me.
How long do you wait to start your new project?
Looking for a 3D (2.5D) Framework for a 4x game
Any Devs coming to PAX South this week?
recent reviews for autodesk stingray engine?
Any thoughts on LÖVE vs Gamemaker?
I need help, GameDev crew. How "senior" am I and what am I worth?
Marketing for a Kickstarter Campaign
Game Juice Tutorial Series Part 2 : The Squish
How do you come up with new creative sprites?
I want to get into game dev, but don't know where to start.
For 2d platformer
My game is finished should I wait until I get through Steam Greenlight or publish on (for example) itch.io ?
Is it possible to make a 2D "depth scroller"
Best learning flow for 3D modeling?
The number one piece of advice given to beginning game devs is....
How to properly implement story in a an Metroidvania type game with out being intrusive to gameplay?
Building a simple game with Processing - Step by Step tutorial
Best style of launching things in games?
What language was Pokemon generation 3 programmed in?
Procedurally Generating Wrapping World Maps in Unity C# – Part 2
How do i make graphics like this?
Isometric 2.5D Toolset v2.2 Released! (for Unity Engine)
Pixel Art Programm
#screenshotsaturday
Check out this awesome Planet Texture generator, all written in WebGL
BaconGameJam 10 will be at 2016-01-22 22UTC!
Dilemma: to post a trailer or wait for gameplay
Ignatius - work in progress. What do You think about this graphic style, and game mood?
clarification on reward videos for ios
Cocos2d-x: C++ vs JavaScript vs Lua
Unity Steam, discussing Game Design with chat.
I have ideas but I don't now how to get started
Read/Write direction of asian languages?
How good is my tutorial level?
General Workflow Question
How Hard is it to make games like "Legacy Rust" ?
instead of getting lots of objects in the world, there is one object moving all around the world
Is my release plan unethical?
WebGL demo of my game
Promoting local multiplayer games
Best pass to get for GDC?
Gjallarhorn, Ragnarök is coming!
Game I'm working on for the iPhone 6s (Seeing Red v0.9)
Advice on how to progress?
Any advice/resources for a developer with zero artistic ability?
Developing Android game- AndroidStudio or Unity?
My 2D Android game engine (BobEngine) has been updated with an entity-component system!
GPU text rendering with vector textures
Colour Interpolation for GameDevs (AKA Why you shouldn't use Color.Lerp)
Using tiled and c#. How do I find what gid means?
Recording 100 MORE Common Phrases FREE to for use in Games
Oculus Rift is available for Preorder, soon you'll be able to develop for it with the upcoming Intugame SDK
Me and my buddy just finished our first mobile game: Ducklings! Tell us what you think. (Link in body)
Experience with making a publishing deal with Ketchapp
Is serving web games on ports other than 80 (e.g. 1337) considered good practice? Are there security concerns with this?
What programing skills do I have to know to make a game like undertale? (with that scope I mean )
Can anyone help me in unity?
Steam is not special, it's just another website like many others.
Question: GameDev; How can I get entry into the game industry?
Falling Cards 2
Any Good Voxel Editors That Support Animation?
Best place to learn Programming
This Side Up - Second Mobile 2D Game
How we ended up fifth in the LudumDare 34
How to add pixel shaders to monogame
[QUESTION] UE4 vs Unity
Need 360 degree surround audio for VR projects? Here's Ambisonics:
Fellow Game Devs, how'd you like to use a multi-platform SDK for Virtual Reality?
Lack of motivation - what to do?
Admob Revenue Dip - App Monetization Alternatives?
PVS-Studio Team: Sony C#/.NET component set analysis
Hey there, dev's, Music producer here, who specializes/loves making atmospheric and eclectic music. Anybody looking for some songs for their soundtrack?
Would an FPS game optimized for lower-spec machines be possible?
How to make your game stand out to reviewers.
Experience with Jscrambler, Part I
Does adding the words simulator 20** make your games popular?
Indoor Cycling. I am trying to send my speed data to a Gear VR for a cycling game. Any idea how?
Just released a gameplay trailer of a game I'm working on with my friend
Why do people make there own engine?
Looking for a few bits of advice.
Advice needed on tuning reward ads
Game Art and Sound Design Tips?!
Ideas for a world border in my game
Importance of planning graphics capabilities. From sprites to 3D on the example of Wild Terra
Gameplay video and a picture of the new zeppelin in my game Contritum! What do you think?
I and some friends created betar.io, a beta testing online platform
Tips and Lessons learned from 7500+ hours of solo game development. PART 4: Productivity
I want to share my game development experience with the internet
What are the most popular tools nowadays? I miss my XNA :(
How much money do iPhone games, such as from Ketchapp, make?
Questions for full time game devs.
Info on the Irish Games Industry from 2013
Berkeley Global Game Jam 2016
Making a post secondary plan for game development, but don't know where to start?
Screen-Space Ambient Occlusion (3D-Shading on 2D Screen) from Scratch
Global Game Jam starts TODAY – here’s how you take part (armed with 5000+ sound effects):
Game Schools vs Comp Sci. Degree.
Friend published a demo for he`s project "Stupid Stones Adventure". He needs your feedback and constructive critique.
[Complete beginner] Starting something text-based, will keep track of it here
fpv racing game prototype
Just have a question can someone tell me what software/program this is in the image below? Thank you : )
I've been wanting to play "The Witness" ever since Casey Muratori wrote about the process of generating clumps of grass in an eye-pleasing distribution
Unity 2D platfromer Stream. Looking for feedback, help, or just someone to chill and motivate me.
I'm making a 3D point and click adventure game in Unity. Here's how my saving and loading works
Issues with GLSL shaders using OpenTK in C#
One man dev going to work on my own solo company for a full year soon - Looking for advice, tips, etc
What is considered a successful launch for small time Indie Devs?
Share the screenshot of the last game you've completed.
unimersiv.com educational VR games
Is this an engaging game description?
How does everyone here format their Resume when submitting for an artist position?
Rule #0 of visual materials: Show, don't tell.
Explain Bootstrapper to me.
Managing Android packages
I made my first simple video game!
I’m Ben James and I developed Zombie Party (99% positive rating on Steam!) AMA about GameMaker, being a full-time developer, working with a publisher or putting my game on Steam!
2D visibility algorithm ported by hand to modern JavaScript
What would and wouldn't you want to see in an rpg style game?
How will Pokemon Go's augmented reality tracking work?
Composer here.
Considering going to Vision Summit 2016 - Has anyone here gone to a game dev conference? How did it go?
Looking for advice for my Undergraduate Major project - Choosing a HTML 5 framework.
Create a visual game engine.
Need help guys.
Reaching Mobile Game Devs
Upcoming game review website looking for indie games to review/indie devs to interview
Any game developers in Riverside, California, or near there?
Method for clipping points out of a camera's FOV
Passing Objects by Reference Problem
Watch out if you collaborate over Discord (Discord's TOS)
How much do I really need to learn.
Our Twitch Plays game for Global Game Jam 2016!
Need a tool or program to write dialogue trees. Doing it on paper or with a basic program is getting ugly.
Those who have published mobile games: Importance of perfect 1.0?
Creative Commons/Royalty-Free Music Available
In quite a situation right now, need help on workflow between school and home
Different ways of "perfect" 2D raster art at various screen sizes?
I just got the opportunity to chat with a recruiter from EA tomorrow morning. What should I ask??
An AI (neutral network) dedicated entirely to Dark Souls PvP (x-post from /r/darksouls)
A simple open source back end for a game money system?
How do Steam games that track a player's character data work (E.g. Killing Floor 2). How do they validate the player hasn't cheated?
Who Would Win: Superhero Battle Sim
UE4 Default 1st Person Height/Scale Question
Can somebody give me information on a few games?
Looking for testers (survival horror game)
Procedurally Generating Wrapping World Maps in Unity C# – Part 1
Everyone, get in here! Come join the /r/GameDev slack channel!
Feedback needed on UI design of Pigsodus, an RPG about pigs
Should Iegally register my studio?
Advice on staged release for my puzzle game?
Similar to the nuclear winter game dev asking about borders, but this one's for an open world game like gta or saints row
Little story game I made
How often do you use the asset store?
Play Store Listings Algorithm
How old are you game devs?
Looking for testers for survival horror game
Best Engine to make an RTS in?
How to make people want to play my game?
Why do collisions in some racing games feel like you are hitting an immovable object?
Looking for an off the shelf solution to in game voice chat
When coding a game, what am I supposed to use as units?
There Is No Indiepocalypse
Coding languages and Engines they run on.
Anyone remember ZZT &amp; MegaZeuX? Anything similar out there?
Is there a way to access Google Play/iTunes store different than my country's?
I feel when I take a screenshot it looks great but after uploading it to Twitter or FB its seems too dark.
Free to Play without Pay to Win
I want to make a game like Port Royal 3 what engine should i use?
226K downloads in 30 days, interview with /u/RedPaintedHouses (audio)
got a prototype...now what?
Particle Simulation with OpenGL compute shader – 8M particles in &gt; 60fps
We wanting to stream our early game dev, but we're both still very much learning. Is there an interest for that sort of thing?
Best way of saving and loading data in a large game?
How many coupons, per day, do you allow Steam to randomly generate?
At what stage in development should I find an artist?
Question About Microsoft Dreamspark Version of Windows 10
Forcebrawl (Production title) is now in alpha! What do you Think so far?
Hello r/GameDev! I'll be livestreaming some skyrim level design for a while, thought this community might wanna check it out!
Are there any free sprites of a dog out there?
Where to go once I finish this digitaltutor tutorial? I am armed with Maya 2016, don't know where to go from there once I get a knack for this stuff.
Monitoring activity on XBox
Life counter app idea. What do you think of it?
HIRING ANONYMOUS FULL STACK DEVELOPERS
What engine is easier to use? Unity or Unreal Engine 4?
Books to read as a game developer
Just starting solo game dev hobbyist (hoping future business/profit) What mobile tools do you use to help with your development if any?
Should I learn real world programming before I learn to program with Unity?
World Creation Help
game engines/languages by game genre?
New Gamedev Skype groupchat
Anyone have experiences with Udemy, specifically their Unity course "Learn To Code by Making Games - The Complete Unity Developer"?
What are some smaller, more regular game jams?
Model characters for Cell shaded 3D game
How does Cracking work?
What genre is this?
Should I develop solely for 64-bit operating systems?
Water-Simulation with real-time Reflections / Refractions and Perlin-Noise Terrain Surface
Independent Game Development, At a Glance Part IV
Question for RPG Dev's: How to decide the balance between instances and objects?
First Multiplayer mobile game android, work in progress
How useful would a year-long music theory class be for something like FL Studio?
My company, PlayWell, is teaching people in NYC how to start making games in 2016. In the spirit of the New Year, we're offering our 2-day workshop for half off today only. If you've been lurking, thinking about finally learning how to make games, or know someone who has... now's the time.
Building something with UE4 for GearVR, my first month
Grammar for Designers
What is your biggest regret in gamedev?
The best way to implement networking in a Real-Time 1v1 fighting game on mobile
"Game Designer" versus "Mechanics and Systems Designer" on a resume
Looking for advice for my Undergraduate Major project - Choosing a HTML 5 framework.
Click to Move Behaviour tutorial using Construct2
Check Ludust Out
AMD announce and launch GPU Open, an open source equivalent to Nvidia gameworks
The release of 10 2D platformer/RPG gamedev video tutorials on YouTube over the past 12 months.
Free Substance Painter and zBrush alternatives
My 5yo son wants to make a game. How do I get him started?
Which is easier to learn for a starting game developer: pixel art or vector graphics?
Current State of Windows HIDAPI and Wiimotes
Hey /r/gamedev! Has anyone here used assets from Kenny in a fully released game?
I changed the price of my iPhone game, Beans, to free.
Help with Game Dev from a complete newbie
Maternal Distress - Prison In Development (Unreal Engine 4 Horror Prison)
Preview Copy Questions - Steam, Zips, and beyond?
Question about what netcode to use in mobile games.
Looking for a "Gamification in Healthcare" consultant
GameDev's New Year's Resolutions (2016)
Superpowers (HTML5 2D+3D game maker) going open source today!
Am I in for a rude awakening when it comes to 3D modeling? I just started learning Maya using the DigitalTutor Maya 2016 series.
Cartoon vehicles asset pack 1
/r/ChatPlayDev - Games for Twitch Plays!
New developer attending GDC for first time, looking for advice on networking
Looking for advice on a (networking!) college project
looking for this ios game with a ball that has to roll down some sort of jenga tower
I made this game using MonoGame ages ago and never did anything with it. Giving it away for free.
JS13K t-shirts?
Noob question about creating 2d game art
Please help me make decisions
How much average indie game can earn on steam?
I am a beginner gamedev and i have some issue with sfml.
[Android] Swap
What is the tech behind 360 videos for games?
Too Many Cubes! - First finished project
How do you find the right tone for you game? (writing)
Looking for feedback from the community on our game company name.
Godot Engine 2.0 goes beta! Check it out.
PSA: 1099s due in a week if you hired any contractors / attorneys the past year!
The classic Mac games Glider and Glider Pro have been open sourced!
Examples of (even slightly) economic games that don't depend heavily on the UI?
I am looking for some advice on how to create a way to package software in a custom engine
DLC within a game vs. standalone DLC
Thinking about Twine, rot.js, T-Engine, any thoughts/alternatives for simple game or roguelike creation.
Beta version of my first game, Number Crusher. Feedback appreciated!
Giving gamedev lessons to kids in my area?
Rotating a 2D spaceship Unity C#
I published my first app. Do you have advice for the UI ?
When you browse Steam Greenlight, what makes the games you play stand out to you?
Javascript as a programming language for creating simple cross-platform isometric 2d games for mobile and desktop? [x-post from r/learnprogramming]
Ideas for creating a good sound and music experience.
Want input on how I'm doing my game's story progression
LWFmagic - Convert Flash to Unity for free
What are good strategies for a post release marketing of an iOS game?
Here’s how you bring 5000+ sound effects – for free
Can someone explain this code to me?
Fantasy Xcom Devlog
I made a mini-game a few months ago here are the source code!
3D Modeler looking for Game Dev
Opinions on languages and game engines.
How do you guys solve resolution problems in your games?
OpenGL heightmap
How do you tackle audio?
Need help with inertia in platformer game.
We just finished our game for Global Game Jam 2016. Here it is!
How do you design a game with a colorblind option?
Tools / techniques to help with inconsistent pixel densities?
MMO: RTTs, Input Lags, and workarounds
Wanna help me test my level editor? Steam keys to people who make something nice!
Could use some feedback on an Android game
Downwell Trails tutorial
How Much Does An Indie Game Composer Cost?
Brainstorm for a tycoon style game name
Feedback Friday #166 - Now with 100% more automation!
OpenGL-Shader Tutorial (In form of a very detailed documented sample project)
multiplayer/network security and guidelines
How to make X-Com style turn based AI?
Designing your own Game Servers for Asynchronous Play (Postmortem)
I've got my character. I want to make a sprite sheet. What's the next step?
Need help for my application: " Do you UNDERSTAND informatics and why is it important?"
I think I just figured out why demos are bad for business
From Third World to World-class: The Story of 'Kill the Plumber' Co-developer Bari Silvestre
How much should I pay for an OST?
I need some advice, I'm really good with technical side of things (programming), but lacking all else.
My team's libGDX Game Jam Entry.
My game concept is simple and hard to add IAP for. What's a good way to realease and monetize?
What's a good alternative to the console for a text adventure? (C# or C++)
The Culling - Global Game Jam '16
[Game] [Android] Greedy Pugs
My Second Android Game, Greedy Pugs
How to create Line of Sight in Construct2
Question about server side languages
One Year of Roguelike Development FAQs
What is a relaxing mechanic you like in games?
LibGDX or Unity3d for developing a game like Ninja Revenge
International App Store description
Looking for a 2D framework that's cross platform and has good learning resources.
Anyone going to East Coast Games Conference [ECGC] 2016?
Using bought assets for environment?
Anyone here going to GDC 2016?
Guide to Marketing your games (and apps) using Instagram Shoutouts
Where can I showcase my game at GDC 2016?
GOG early access equivalent - games in development. What do you think?
How does one create a game world?
Indie Dev Podcast, Episode 25 – Ethan Lee, FNA
A blog post that hopefully helps you understand marketing a little better.
Cocos2d-x JS. Performance.
[Question] Entering game dev through modding - is it viable? If not, why?
Minimalistic game for two or four players
[Article] Room-Based Camera Systems &amp; Implementation
How to create an online multiplayer game?
What are the best mobile game development framework/platforms.
I have a brilliant game idea, but no time to bring it to fruition.
Need help committing to a big goal in 2016.
Calling all Video Game Designers
Looking for advice for my Undergraduate Major project. Choosing a HTML 5 framework.
What is the average rate of indie video game composers?
Fun way to develop games?
[Advice] Torn between game engines for a board game
Game Maker Studio GML Collision Question
Feedback on the name of our first game.
Unity image effects. Warning: may contain juicy gifs
C# + C++: P/Invoke Tips
How to pick a game idea from several viable possibilities
Resources and reference material on tech trees
GameDevs who released in Steam Early Access, how (un)finished was your game and how did the community react?
Your Indie Dev Job Lets You Travel the World. Anyone else share a similar life goal?
Looking for constructive feedback on my very first IOS game.
Importing Large Map in PNG vs Tiling?
Reasons why we haven’t tried crowdfunding yet
Worried my game is too similar to others
What defines non-commercial or commercial usage?
Just made an online portfolio, did I do it right?
AMA - I Ran An Indiegogo Campaign For My Game &amp; I Fucked Up Big Time. But I Got Lucky. Ask Me Anything!
Language choice for 2d roguelike/rpg?
Advice for a soon to be graduate?
Have you ever been to "The Big Pitch Indie" ?
Creating a networked game - make the game or network first?
How are you dealing with mobile game candies value?
How would you structure your action/attack/skill (code) in a turn-based tactics game?
How to make your game stand out to reviewers
A goal of mine for 2016 is to start and finish a game.
a Family of Grave Diggers LIVE! (Steam Early Access, 80%+ finished)
2D infinite, rouge-like platformer in development. Come and watch us make it!
Can someone explain to me how to create and implement "Character Creation" into a game? i.e Skyrim.
What language and game engine would be best for my game?
The Story of Transformice: the 60 million players indie game
Beginning on videogame programming
Our first game on Steam platform, suggests?
Blueprints + UE4 VS Playmaker + Unity?
Feedback Friday #169 - Source Code
Have you ever had to put off a game, and work on a smaller one due to budget?
Screenshot Saturday #260 - Hot Projects
Game development on Linux (C++)
Gameplay video of my new game. What do ye think of it?
Imagine a strategy mecha game that plays like FTL and Xcom. Now tell me what would you like to see.
Any complex story / mission design document examples or tools?
To do and not to do-2D platformers
Where do you place your options / configurations?
Doing a promotional webcomic?
How does weapons/spell casting work within the context of an entity component system?
Does anyone have a tutorial or sample on signed distance fields and font rendering?
What's your in-game text writing process?
[iOS] Please test my new game: Purple Road
Multiplayer UDP Frequency
How to display the players stats?
Any developers planning to attend PAX South?
Utilize your CPU power - Cache and SIMD optimization
Free Battler and Background (like in RPGMaker) asset?
The first game me and my friend made!
Where can I find some indie musicians to hire?
How to read dat files?
Procedural Trees in UE4
Storytelling in games?
What are the logistics to making a video game?
What's the best path-finding algorithm to use for a 2D top-down Moba game?
Need opinions on 2.5d, 2d sprites, or best idea you have to offer
What is the point of libGDX over the Basic SDK
How to manage infinite / very large maps elements coordinates and display on scene ?
Phaser.io or Unity which one to start with for 2D games?
Wanting to self learn game development
Screenshot Saturday #258 - Rise of the Weekly Threads
Soundtrack Sunday #122 - Return of the Weekly Threads
[Unrelated] Real cars in games
My journey to becoming an indie game developer - an on-going series where I document creating my first game.
I found a Nintendo DS Game I wrote on an old hard drive. It reads like spaghetti mixed with bad decisions, but it did compile and is a "finished" game.
Advice needed! Which is the best path to becoming a games developer?
New developers, the actual truth about game development.
GDC: passes and what to do there
Student making a game, start on PC or Mobile?
What explains the choppy scrolling of most DOS games such as Hocus Pocus or Cosmo's Cosmic Adventure? Did EGA or VGA cards not support hardware scrolling like consoles did (SNES, Sega Genesis)?
I believe I have extremely good game idea, but have brief knowledge of neccessary steps to execute it and protect it. Could I get any pointers to how I could begin to execute it ?
Is learning how to make algorithm important for coding?More precisely video game coding
Designed Vs Procedural worlds for my game Woodfel
Can anyone recommend this book? Also a design question
Want to go into game design/art but need help.
http://ducklingsgame.com/get/
I would love to test/review your games
Where do you find your game music?
Programming a game for university
New Game Idea! COL!
Feels pretty good.
