Realism and US supremacy?
India’s Changing Geopolitical Environment” by Shiv Shankar Menon, former National Security Adviser,
‘The EU Is on the Verge of Collapse’—An Interview by George Soros
Will South Korea Rethink Its Nuke Policy?
Stratfor Talks: Stratfor's free monthly podcast
Iran is dangerous—but Saudi Arabia is even worse
Small States Have Options Too: Competitive Strategies Against Aggressors
A Cause For All Turks: Turkey and Syria’s Turkmen Rebels
The Israel-Palestine conflict: a brief, simple history
Security Forces Allegedly Buried Bodies in Mass Graves in Burundi
Air war against Islamic State group cost $5.5 billion
Secretary Carter Illuminates the South China Sea FONOP - DoD's caution due in part to pending legal ruling on case
North Korea is heading for a cataclysmic collapse — and nobody cares
One Map That Explains the Dangerous Saudi-Iranian Conflict
The Tide Is Turning in 2016. Profound Geopolitical and Economic Changes are Occurring | Global Research
\Water and Security Hot Spots 2016
How would you rate the Obama administration's foreign policy?
On February 2nd /r/Geopolitics will host an AMA with CFR's Director of the Center for Preventive Action
Geopolitical prognosis for 2016 Part 1 ['Caspian Report' Video]
Bogged Down in the Middle East, Russia Loses Honest Broker Image
Landpower Conference 2 - 4 Dec, Carlisle Barracks
Half Of The 525th Fighter Squadron's F-22s Deploy To Japan In Big Show Of Force
North Korea As A Cornered Animal
Is the US giving up on Israel?
Saudi Arabia is considering an IPO of Aramco, probably the world’s most valuable company
Indo-Pak Peace Hopes First Casualty of 2016
Working for the State Dept?
Later this year, General Motors will begin selling the Chevy Bolt, which will have 200 miles of electric range and will cost $30,000. If this car, and others like it (Tesla will release a similar car), get traction in the market, how could this affect geopolitics?
Xi Jinping’s New Plans for China's Cyber Soldiers
South Pars / North Dome: the natural gas field feeding the Syrian conflict
Hillary Emails Reveal True Motive for Libya Intervention
This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! for geopolitics
Everything That’s Wrong with the “Britain in Decline” Theory
Turkey plans to introduce work permits for Syrian refugees, minister says
Turkey to boycott Syria talks if PYD invited (with submission)
US, Philippines Boost Ties In Ministerial Meeting
Saudi Arabia cuts diplomatic ties with Iran
Saudi Arabia and Iran Are at Each Other’s Throats. Why Are Oil Prices Falling?
THE ISLAMIC STATE COMES TO RUSSIA
Jerusalem: The Spatial Politics of a Divided Metropolis by Anne B. Shlay and Gillad Rosen - Book Review
China’s Bold Moves on the Middle Eastern Chess Board
All that went wrong with the Pathankot Operation
Turkey’s “Kurdish Problem” - Then and Now
The Pathankot Terrorist Attack and India’s Afghanistan Policy
Doomsday clock announcement tonight 6:30pm UTC (1:30pm EST)
Sanctions on Iran have been lifted in accordance with Iran fulfilling it's JCPOA obligations
Amazon CEO flew private jet to pick up freed Washington Post journalist
India to build satellite tracking station in Vietnam that offers eye on China
Pakistan 'Can and Must' Dismantle All Terror Networks: Obama
The Syrian Civil War Just Became Even More Complex
Why ISIS Will Not Thrive in Indonesia
ThIs Site Likelyy Containss Sexuallly Expliciit Photos Of Someoone You Know! my tai
The Coming Clash of Economic Blocs
Lights Out for the Putin Regime
Shanghai Cooperation Organization to consider Iran's membership request right after UN lifts sanctions
China's Stake in the Saudi Arabia-Iran Clash
Report: Netanyahu to lead effort in thwarting Obama bid for UN chief
Petraeus tells Haaretz: U.S. image as war-weary emboldens the enemy - Israel News
Did the US realize that ousting Saddam would increase Iranian influence in Iran? How did this factor into their decision to go to war?
South Korea is reconsidering the deployment of Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in the wake of North Korea's fourth nuclear test, after postponing a decision on the U.S. missile defense system for much of 2015
What do you think about this summarized study conducted by Professors David Kang and Victor Cha?(Topic: Korean reunification)
Americans of r/geopolitics: I have some questions
Vladimir Putin asked Bashar al-Assad to step down on Jan 3
Nisid Hajari: India and Pakistan: Challenges for Regional Stability
Democracy in the Crucible: Impeachment or Coup d’État in Brazil?
Report: Netanyahu to lead effort in thwarting Obama bid for UN chief
Navy: Video shows Iranian rockets launched near Truman, other warships
Hybrid Warfare: Iranian and Russian Versions of “Little Green Men” and Contemporary Conflict
Connectivity Wars - why migration, finance and trade are the geo-economic battlegrounds of the future (ECFR)
Charles King on why have US studies in international affairs recently come under attack, and why is the US government prioritizing research on security issues over regional studies
Fall of Daesh (feedback welcome!)
Will 2016 See The Three Russias Diverging?
How Do Sunni and Shia Islam Differ?
North Korea Blast Revives Question: How Do You Contain Pyongyang?
U.S., British spies hacked Israeli air force networks
Latest Caspian Report video is up. A look forward into 2016.
My junior high social studies teacher had a theory about Taiwanese independence and the possible start of World War III. Was he at all based in reality, or was this a pipe dream?
Estimated number of South Korean civilian deaths if North Korea decided to attack?
Russia's largely unacknowledged long-game in Antarctica
Any reviews/thoughts on this book? The Next 100 Years by George Friedman. Bought it 5 years ago when I was a teenager, and now I'm actually interested in it.
Growing Risk of a “Fixit:” The Finnish Eurozone Dilemma
Erdoğan’s Neo-Ottoman Vision Meets Xi’s Silk Road Dream In the Middle East
Vice President of the US, Biden: In terms of their actions, no differences between Nusra, ISIS and PKK. They are terrorist groups
Risks, Opportunities and Side-effects of the British EU Reform Proposals
Donald Trump retweets 'White Genocide' Twitter user
US denies taking control of Rmeilan air strip in Syria
Islamic State Seeks to Lure West Into Ground War
An opposition leader prepares to take helm in Taipei, and Beijing is rattled
Sunnis and Shia: Islam's ancient schism
US and Britian destoryed the glue in Iraq that united Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds
Afghanistan or Talibanistan? - Will the country see relative stability and freedom after 2014?
War Tard: The Geopolitics of 2016: Oil, War, Chaos and Pathological Altruism.
Saudi executions put ball of regional tension in Iran's court
Kissinger's Meaning of History Senior Thesis
Channels like Caspian Report?
Reestablishing Deterrence: A Guide for Taiwan’s New President
Any thoughts/feedback on this article my brother wrote?
The ASEAN Economic Community - What's In A Name?
AMA with Long War Journal contributor Caleb Weiss on Jihadism in Western Africa and Mali
Hurdles to Syrian peace: bringing irreconcilable parties to negotiating table - Expert Opinion
Sudan, Ethiopia Border 'To Be Finalized This Year'
Growing Threat of Russian Influence in Georgian Army
Iran's Deepening Ties with China and Russia
US imposes new sanctions over Iran missile tests
Assessing the Pentagon's New Nuclear Gravity Bomb
CGI Asks: What Should We Watch in Russia in 2016?
Strategic Studies Institute: Strategy and Grand Strategy
Iran detains 10 US sailors after vessels stopped in the Gulf
Russia has lost two oil revolutions
Russia Moves Ahead With Building New nuclear Aircraft Carriers
"Only Trump can go to North Korea!" Realpolitik reapproachment with NK amid Sino-DPRK split
[Mod approved] Solicitation of interest for a new subreddit: JihadInFocus
Syria conflict: 'US expanding air strip' in Kurdish north
China's Manufacturing Weakness
The Strange Debates of Strategy
What the World Can Learn From the ISIS Jakarta Attacks
Salafi quietism
Twitter, ISIS, and Civil Liability
Questions we must ask about the Pathankot attack
[geopolitics] My name is Kim! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
The Optics of China-Japan Relations from the Politics of ‘Historical Memories’
Chinese Views, Strategy and Geopolitics
Space Wars: Will America and China Clash Over Resources?
it will not be self-evident to future generations of Americans why the imperial might and international reputation of the United States are so closely
Why has Russia not become a willing part of the international community with the West?
On the 13th /r/Geopolitics will host an AUA with London School of Economics IDEAS on the EU's Foreign Policy
U.S. student arrested in North Korea for 'hostile act'
China Powers up Pakistan: The Energy Component of the CPEC
War Gains: Bulgarian Arms Add Fuel to Middle East Conflicts. Saudi Arabia, the UAE and the US have bought millions of dollars of Bulgarian weaponry, much of it likely destined for the war in Syria, a BIRN investigation reveals.
China again lands planes on disputed island in South China Sea: Xinhua
China escalates emergency stock market intervention; Authorities buy shares, inject liquidity and extend selling ban in the wake of renewed stock turmoil
Iran and Saudi Arabia: Posturing and Reality
Opinions on TestTube?
Is the US Drug War intended to weaken Mexico?
Parlez-vous français ? Do you speak French ? The Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie (OIF) is here to help
I'm here to inform you guys for r/qualitynews. A breaking news companion subreddit to complement the analysis you find in r/geopolitics
Peter Lee: Good News, World! You Can Stop Worrying About the South China Sea!
Kurdish independence closer than ever, says Massoud Barzani
Munk Debates - The West vs. Russia
The Key to Understanding China’s Economy: Its Politics
The Turkish Army Is Going to Somalia -War is Boring
Corruption, Hate and Violence: Kosovo in Crisis
Year in Review: The Arctic’s Top Stories in 2015
India and Japan Affirm Security of Indo-Pacific Region
[geopolitics] Ex-girlfriend fucks with everyone! I even found it online sex dating.
McConnell Shuts Down Notion That Obama Will Get War Authorization Against ISIS
Outside the box: a Sunni endgame in Syria, Iraq?
Angelina Jolie porn scene... 100% EXCLUSIVE! Watch Now!
The Future of ISIS: Al Qaeda "2.0"
Chinese marines' desert operations point to long-range ambitions
An affair to remember--The Suez crisis of 60 years ago marked the end of an era, and the start of another, for Europe, America and the Middle East
‘Kill-Em-All With Airstrikes’ Is Not Working
Japan Wants to Sign a Peace Treaty With Russia after 70 years
China Cracks Down on Rights Figures With Subversion Charges
Opinions on GlobalSecurity.org?
To those who support greece: why didn't Germany have a deficit like the PIIGS?
America to investigate Russian meddling in EU; Exclusive: UK warns of "new Cold War" as Kremlin seeks to divide and rule in Europe
Secretary of State John Kerry told his Chinese counterpart, Wang Yi, in a phone call Thursday that China's go-soft approach to influencing North Korea had proven a failure. “Today in my conversation with the Chinese I made it clear that has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual.”
What Motivates Current Saudi Decision-Making?
Come and join us at /r/Afghanconflict
I wrote a paper for my Global Issues class describing a hypothetical diplomatic treatise for the future of U.S.-China relations. I thought you guys might find it interesting.
Vladimir Pozner Meets with the Center for Citizen Initiatives
Great Crises, Risks, Uncertainty And Distrust 2016 – Opinion
Hard interests battle potent emotion over Britain and Europe
The Geopolitics of the TTIP [Page 6]
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..saot
DPP win the Taiwan election: Out with the old, in with the new 太旧换新
Iran-Saudi Dispute
The U.S.-Iran Conflict That Never Happened
The pillars of Poland’s democracy are being destroyed
The Bizarre Need to Take Sides and Our Foreign Policy Debates
Electoral victories for Hasina bode well for Bangladesh
Back to First Principles: Realizing the Promise of U.S.-Indian Defense Ties
Iran's president denounced the United States on Thursday for suggesting the possibility of new sanctions over Iranian missiles, and he ordered his Defense Ministry to respond by swiftly building more of them.
What the liberation of Ramadi means for Iraq, Iran, and the U.S.
Saudi Arabia’s decision to up Egypt investments by 30%: Economics or politics?
"Militants raze oldest Christian monastery in Iraq - Winchester Star-"
What nations do you consider today's Great Powers?
Why Has Jordan Been So Quiet?
Analysis: Russia's Tone Familiar After Spy Poisoning Report
Saudi FM: Neither confirms nor denies it's nation's Nuclear Capability
Analysts Study Jihadists' Dreams of the Caliphate
North Korea seeks China help on treaty with U.S., or more tests - source
Central America’s Violent Northern Triangle
So Putin Killed Litvinenko. Carry On.
Azerbaijan: Trapped Between Two Fault Lines
Unpacking Russia's New National Security Strategy
Middle Eastern Chaos Is A ‘Ladder’ In The Real Game Of Thrones – Analysis
While tensions between Tibet and China have been strained for centuries, the Chinese may never be able to fully populate Tibet because they, unlike the Tibetans, have difficulty reproducing at high altitudes[xpost from /r/EverythingScience]
China creates three new military units in push to modernize army
Xinjiang Seethes Under Chinese Crackdown - “These days, even receiving phone calls from overseas is enough to warrant a visit from state security.”
Extreme drought threatens Thailand’s political stability
Facts and Fictions: A Defense of the U.S.-Saudi Relationship
The Undiplomatic Diplomat: Victoria Nuland
Since 2011 I've been publishing an annual brief on every single war fought in the last 12 months
Yemen - What Next?
Biden Should Ask Turkey to Double Down on Its Commitment to the West
Dictators, Democracy, and Almighty Oil in the MENA Region
The Real Reason Why Iran Backs Syria
Why the Afghan military keeps losing ground
Center for strategic and International Studies Global Forecast 2016 by
The CIA’s Syria Program and the Perils of Proxies--After fighting al Qaeda and its affiliates for a decade and a half, the CIA is now helping them gain ground in Syria.
How Deep are the Cracks in the Russian-Iranian Coalition in Syria?
Where Foreign “Experts” and “Political Scientists” on Russian Television Come From
Afghanistan Threat Assessment: The Taliban and ISIS
Saudi Arabia, UAE and Egypt block access to Qatari-owned news website--"Saudi culture and media ministry shuts down access to site which has also been accused by Egypt of being mouthpiece for Muslim Brotherhood"
Iran Releases 10 American Sailors and Their Boats
A powerful U.S. B-52 bomber flew low over South Korea on Sunday, a clear show of force from the United States as a Cold War-style standoff deepened between its ally Seoul and North Korea following Pyongyang's fourth nuclear test.
Never Mind Oil, Iran’s About to Shake the World Pistachio Market
Saudi Arabia stews in policy hell: Spengler
Should have the US reacted differently the overwhelming worldwide embrace of China led AIIB? How should we proceed?
African Economies, and Hopes for New Era, Are Shaken by China
Which US presidential candidate would be "best" Geopolitically?
What is your opinion of Will McCants and his works?
Threatening Russia Will Not Bring Pro-Western Forces to Power in Moscow
A Conversation with Robert M. Gates — Discussion on role of SECDEF under Obama admin, challenges of managing complex bureaucracy, and future of U.S. national security and defense
Live thread on the attacks in Jakarta, Indonesia today
[geopolitics] THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
TASS Experts opinions: Saudi Arabia hopes to elbow Iran out of Syrian settlement talks
Brookings: Africa's Challenges in 2016
Power and Risk in Foreign Policy: China's Crisis Behavior (PSQ)
China and Russia: The Partnership Deepens – Analysis
Researchers: ISIS Now Has a New Secure Messaging App
Could South Korea tolerate the bombardment of Seoul in order to invade North Korea?
New Realities, Old Fears: Escalation on the Korean Peninsula
This is the Pentagon's new strategy to defeat ISIS
Wartard is Back! The Geopolitics of 2016: Oil, War, Chaos and Pathological Altruis
The China Bubble - It’s probably bursting, one way or another. And the world hasn’t figured out what to do about it.
How to Defeat ISIS: The Case for U.S. Ground Forces
Clinton Presidential Records Mandatory Declassification Review [Clinton + Blair Phone Conversations Released, 1997 - 2000)
The Saudi-Iranian crisis reveals a deep power struggle in Tehran
[geopolitics] community recommend - Base profiles unmarried age 21+ online. The base is available only 2 hours.
Is Iran Advancing Missile Program At Home While Offshoring Nuclear Program To North Korea? – Analysis
Request: The current political climate between Egypt and the US, specifically since Sisi became President
Sri Lanka’s balancing act between India and Pakistan
Tokyo, Okinawa at odds as U.S. airbase city votes for mayor
Can Iran Change?
Leadership Change in Laos: A Shift Away From China?
Ash Carter: It’s Time to Accelerate the ISIL Fight
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my all
U.S. and Allies Weigh Military Action Against ISIS in Libya
Fine: Washington, D.C., on oil and gas
Boko Haram: the African prototype of the Islamic State
Chaos in Syria - 3 Motives, 7 Countries
Saudi Arabia executes 47 "terrorism" convicts — one of whom was Nimr al-Nimr, a top Shitte cleric whose calls for democratic reforms were pivotal in the Arab Spring protests.
Data story: An assessment of Indian and Pakistani nuclear forces
20 Years On: Rethinking Schengen
2015 was the year geopolitics bites back
Hybrid Warfare with Chinese Characteristics
Syrian fighters may have helped plan attack on KDF in Somalia
Chinese FDI in the US: 2015 Recap:
The rise of proxy leaders in Somalia
In Dangerous Gamble, the Obama Administration Is Abandoning Decades-Old Mideast Alliances
Hybrid Warfare with Chinese Characteristics: Once Taiwan, Now Europe
Prince of Araby: The reckless power behind the Saudi throne
Al Arabiya documentary: Saudi Arabia’s crackdown on al-Qaeda
Obama and the Dictators: "We Caved"
North Korea tests their fourth nuclear device on January 6th, 2016 -- Bruce Klingner, prominent North Korea expert, argues today that it's time for the world to abandon "timid incrementalism" as its policy against the North's nuclear program
How Is Poland Disrupting The European Union?
Arctic Remains ‘Peaceful Oasis’ in Conflict-Torn World - Opinion
India’s bid for the Security Council and overlooking Kashmir - Op-Ed
Petraeus tells Haaretz: U.S. image as war-weary emboldens the enemy
2015 Australia-Papua New Guinea Emerging Leaders Dialogue: Outcomes Report
One China, One Taiwan: With National Elections on Jan. 16, Little Chance of a Red Future for Taipei
Thailand’s southern insurgency: No end in sight - A southern village tries to remain united as divisions elsewhere grow
US bomber flies close to North Korea as show of force after nuclear test
[Retrospect] Joshua Landis 2010: Will failure to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict mean a new Cold War in the Middle East?
China and Russia: The Partnership Deepens
US Hellfire missile mistakenly shipped to Cuba
Gallipoli: final consensus?
The International Banking System Faces an Existential Threat
Water as Weapon: IS on the Euphrates and Tigris
Is There Such a Thing as Reliable GDP Data?
Xi's delicate balancing act in the Middle East
Is Rand Paul a Good Presidential Candidate?
South Korea’s Betrayal of the “Comfort Women”
Iran Slams Washington’s New "Illegal" Sanctions Plan - Tehran and the United States begin 2016 with threats and recriminations over missile tests
Kremlin denies report Putin envoy asked Syria's Assad to step down
Why India Is Getting Serious About Its Relationship With Israel
Middle East experts discuss escalating Saudi-Iran tensions on Charlie Rose
Tоmоrrоw night my husband will havе sеx in frоnt оf wеb camеra. Dоn't miss it,sign up, my nicknamе: Swеtbеrry.
Fear and Loathing in Saudi Arabia: Saudi royals are scared about everything from the rise of Iran to the drop in oil prices. And Washington telling them to calm down only makes them angrier.
Old myths perpetuate poor analysis of Saudi
China building base in Pakistan would push India towards US: Expert
Can the Free Syrian Army Get Back on Its Feet?
Did the US realize that ousting Saddam would increase Iranian influence in Iraq? If so, how did this factor into the decision to go to war?
Why there are no good policy options on Syria
Opinion: Falsified support. How the Kremlin shields itself with manipulated sociology — Meduza
Moscow’s New Policy: Impact and Prospects
France’s highways descend in chaos and lawlessness
German intelligence memo shows the threat from the kingdom’s headstrong defence minister: naive, arrogant Saudi prince is playing with fire
Poland Seeks British NATO Commitment for EU Support
The Arab Spring in Review
How ‘Crazy’ Are the North Koreans?
Saudi Aramco – the $10tn mystery at the heart of the Gulf state.
7 Events of Geopolitical Consequence to Anticipate in Asia in Early 2016
10 U.S. sailors in Iranian custody, official says
Ending the new Thirty Years War
Why Saudi Arabia escalated the Middle East’s sectarian conflict
Turkey to boycott Syria talks if PYD invited
The Political Cost of War Mobilization in Democracies &amp; Dictatorships
Experts warn that the US is underestimating a greater jihadist threat than ISIS
Rethinking the sanctions regime
Testing the Effect of Ethnic Composition on Diversionary Conflict
Web of financial terror in sub-continent: Pakistan's doing can be its undoing
Getting Africa Right
Ethiopia Makes Progress On The Nile Dam Project
The year of change, the year of resentment: 2015 for Nepal
China’s New Grand Strategy for the Middle East: After decades of distance, China is moving closer to the region’s sectarian feuds — and its vital oil reserves.
Is there such thing as "inherent skepticism (or hatred) toward the US"?
The Transatlantic Economy 2015
What Xi Can Do About Taiwan
Getting the most volume when curling short hair
How Obama Created a Mideast Vacuum
The Arab winter: Five years after a wave of uprisings, the Arab world is worse off than ever. But its people understand their predicament better
One of the leaders of r/syriancivilwar is leaving. His post is a heartbreaking reminder of how all of geopolitics and international relations is, at its very basis, about people and human drama.
Gaddafi warned Blair his ousting would 'open door' to jihadis
Why Leaders Lie: The Truth About Lying in International Politics by John Mearsheimer
Global Shepherd Isn’t Working; Let’s Go Back to Global Marshal
CFR Backgrounders: What Are Economic Sanctions?
Donald Trump vs Bernie Sanders
What would have been the international reaction if some country, not a side to Antarctic Treaty System, started colonization of Antarctica? What if it were an initiative of a crazy billionaire working independently?
Hey boys I'm Lina and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
"The Iranian EMP Threat" with R. James Woolsey
US Congress ‘stalls’ F-16 sale to Pakistan
Taiwan’s U.S. Defense Guarantee is Not Strong, But Not Weak Either
China-India Nuclear Relations
China's Strategy by George Friedman
Iran removes core of Arak heavy water nuclear reactor and fills it with concrete, fulfilling one of its key obligations in the nuclear deal
Chinese Views, Strategy and Geopolitics
Syria and Surrealism
Was the Obama administration ever seriously concerned with a right-wing insurrection?
The Forgotten Benefits of Offshore Balancing
Parliamentary Debate over Poland proved a blow to the European Commission
How We Know North Korea Didn’t Actually Detonate a Hydrogen Bomb
The Export Crisis: The 10 Worst Hit Countries and the 5 Most at Risk
Prince Muhammad Bin Salman talks to the economist. Regarding Saudi Arabia.
Mapping Russia’s Demographic Problems
The "Pink Tide" of Left-Leaning Governments Recedes in Latin America: End of An Era?
Erdoğan’s and the PKK’s war is paving the way for the country’s disintegration
Why Is Islamic State So Hard to Beat?
Landpower Conference 2015, Carlisle Barracks
U.S. Relies Heavily on Saudi Money to Support Syrian Rebels
Sharing the Nile
War Tard: The Geopolitics of 2016: Oil, War, Chaos and Pathological Altruism.
Once again, Europe needs America
The Islamic State vs. al-Qaeda: The War within the Jihadist Movement
Demography, not just tech, will change the world
An Unhappy Marriage: Civil-Military Relations in Post-Saddam Iraq
Is there any truth to the conspiracy that ISIS is a creation of Assad?
Putin's Ploys in Central Asia: And His Weakening Influence in the Region
Saudi Arabia and the Case for Rebalancing U.S. Foreign Policy
China scores as Nepal plays hardball with India over border ‘blockade’
The Open Source Revolution By Ex CIA
New Year Announcement: Argeo International will start accepting submissions on January 11
Sweden and the Peace Process – A Strained Relationship
Come and have a look at /r/AfghanConflict!
Reality, Risk, and Potential: Managing Today's Conflicts
Fine: Washington DC and oil and gas, Part 2 by Dr. Daniel Fine
Why the Iran-Saudi showdown is a gift to ISIS
States as Actors in International Agro-Investments
The Middle East's Quietly Rising Cyber Super Power
Diplomatic spite: Iran wants to change a street name to embarrass Saudi Arabia
Trust and Realpolitik: The OSCE in 2016
Redrawing the map is the best way to fight Islamic State - Could the creation of independent states for Kurds and Sunnis be the answer to the turmoil in Syria and Iraq?
Russia's Largely Unacknowledged Antarctic Long-Game Threatens One of Most Successful Examples of International Cooperation
Spies In The Sky: Israeli Drone Feeds Hacked By British and American Intelligence
The Danger of Putin Losing in Syria
Chemical Wonders -- Joost Hiltermann reviews Pierre Razoux's "The Iran-Iraq War"
Scott A. Snyder - Korea as a Middle Power
Myanmar’s forthcoming watergy dilemma between hydro power and water
The Economist: The Outcomes of the Arab Spring
ISIS Is On The Ropes, Podcast Explains How To Finish It Off
Five Things to Watch for from ISIS in 2016
Pathankot airbase attack was expected; demonstrated Indian preparedness (Analysis)
To End North Korea’s Nuclear Program, End the Korean War
Retrenchment Chic: The Dangers of Offshore Balancing
How should have the United States have reacted to the overwhelming &amp; worldwide embrace (most US allies) of the China-led AIIB (World Bank/IMF rival)?
Not Top Gun yet: China struggles with warplane engine technology
Western promises to cancel sanctions are means of pressure on Russia - TASS expert opinion
The most clichéd talking point in foreign policy
The Lousy Case for “Standing By” the Saudis
Stop Turning a Blind Eye to Geopolitical Reality in the Mideast
Turkey’s Syrian Tangle by Javier Solana
Retrenchment Chic: The Dangers of Offshore Balancing
"Iran armed militias in Iraq and Afghanistan to kill Americans" - FALSE
We are three EU foreign relations experts here to discuss the European Union's Foreign Policy. AUA
Did Iran’s parliament approve a ‘different’ Iranian nuclear deal?
How Asia-Pacific Publics See Each Other and Their National Leaders
IS Presence in Indonesia Growing
Jerusalem: The Spatial Politics of a Divided Metropolis by Anne B. Shlay and Gillad Rosen - Book Review
The World According to Vladimir Putin
Russia vs. Turkey: Geopolitics and Energy Security
What You Need To Know About the Paris Agreement on Climate Change
Philippines to (Finally) Join China’s Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank
Obama’s Persian Debacle: Saber Rattling in the Gulf
Japan's Abe: 'We Need Putin for Global Peace.
Can Russia leverage former Soviet Union into Super Power?
Free online course recommendations (iTunes U, Coursera, Edx, etc)
Russia, China and the Far East Question
U.N. Envoy Signals That Riyadh Is Obstructing Syria Peace Talks
Foreign policy and global presence: The strategies of Australia and South Africa
North Korea activity at Sohae Launching Station points to possible space launch: U.S. officials
‘I was terribly wrong’ - writers look back at the Arab spring five years on
GCKN: Challenges &amp; problems surrounding Islam within Southeast Asia
"The Mother of All News Conferences" GEN Norman Schwarzkopf briefs the public immediately after the ground victory in Desert Storm (1991) [57:43]
North Korea is a joke. And that’s the problem.
Is Iran Advancing Missile Program At Home While Offshoring Nuclear Program To North Korea?
What Would a Realist World Have Looked Like? :From Iraq and WMDs to Israel and Palestine to Syria and Russia, how the United States could’ve avoided some of its biggest mistakes.
Putin’s Perennial Pivot Problem
Lebanon awaits winner in regional war: Shias or Sunnis? Iran, Saudi Arabia or Isis?
Why is China investing in Africa? Evidence from the firm level
Putin denies sending spy chief to Syria to ask Assad to step down
Candidates for president flesh out their anti-IS war plans
The Rise of Foreign Fighters in Iraq-Syria
How are western interests in conflict with Russian interests?
The Emerging Arctic: Risks and Economic Opportunities
Central America’s Gangs Are All Grown Up And more dangerous than ever.
Taiwan elections: polls predict ruling party will pay for close ties to 'repressive' Beijing
[geopolitics] I threw the guy, but I have a disease, that it does not accept, I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
(Map) Saudi Arabia vs Iran: Population Support Centers
The Geopolitics of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership [Page 6]
Philippines to Offer the Use of Eight Bases to US Forces
Why can't the west use IS to their advantage - as a dumping place for all their homegrown terrorists?
How China Lost Taiwan
The Geopolitics of Cheap Energy
Russians’ Anxiety Swells as Oil Prices Collapse
Juncker: ‘Dutch “NO” will result in big continental crisis’
Free Trade and the Crisis of Exporters by George Friedman
An In-Depth Summary of The Southern Kuril Islands Dispute
The Mullahs Thank Mr. Obama; Iran responds to the nuclear accord with military aggression.
US Troops Need Training To Battle in Future Megacities, Marine General Warns
Russian Entente Nears as Allies Hint at End of Ukraine Sanctions
Jeremy Corbyn says he would keep submarines patrolling the world without any nuclear weapons
Saudi Arabia Says Iran Diplomats Should Leave Kingdom In 48 Hours
How will Russia survive the next decade?
Hypothetically, what would a direct confrontation between Saudi Arabia and Iran look like?
El Chapo and the evolution of the Mexico-U.S. relationship
Governing Cyberspace: A Road Map for Transatlantic Leadership
With Jamaat marginalised, Bangladesh's political dynamics headed for change
George Friedman: German has a bigger problem than refugees
China Centralizes Its Space, Cyber, Information Forces
The refugee question in Europe: 'south' vs 'east'
Saudis, Syria and the myth of 'Blowback': an article on Saudi Foreign Policy from december 2013
'Imperialism remains at the heart of the ongoing processes that define contemporary politics. Understanding imperialism therefore, is not merely an intellectual endeavor, but rather the most important step in finding a way out of the tragic impasse that characterizes global politics today.'
Turkey detains 27 Russian commercial ships in retaliation
Geopolitical prognosis for 2016 Part 1
The Key to Understanding China’s Economy: Its Politics
Economic experts discuss the volatility in Chinese financial markets on Charlie Rose
A 2016 version of the 1914 Isochronic London/World travel times map [x-post from /r/MapPorn, 1722x2200]
Former CIA acting director Mike Morell discusses international security issues on Charlie Rose show
Was Syria intervention worth it for Russia?
How will Bahrain's large Shiite population react to the ruling party's decision to support Sunni Saudi Arabia?
Foreign Affairs &amp; Crisis Group Forum: The Changing Face of Conflict
Algeria’s Water Scarcity Challenge
Why Do Pakistan And Bangladesh Hate Each Other?
Oxford Analytica: 'Prospects': Six key risks and opportunities for 2016 (written conference call summary)
The past and future of Catalan separatism
What’s Really Behind China’s Island Building?
Justin Trudeau and Canada-China Relations
Russia's Strategy by George Friedman
Germany and US revive joint intelligence surveillance
Iran accuses Saudis of hitting Yemen embassy
Russia's military: Don't believe the hype
Japan's Security Role and Capabilities in the 2020s
States as Actors in International Agro-Investments
PSA: There is also /r/intelligence.
Hey, I'm Olivia and I'm wanting a nice fuck... Only for real men!
What Are Economic Sanctions?
What China did and should learn from Japan
China's Middle East Tour
A Conversation with BGen (Ret.) Stephen Cheney
Russia Bargains and Bluffs for Breakthrough in Ukraine
Should Timor-Leste Turn to Portugal?
Free webcam show with me here! 22
5 facts about Sunnis and Shiites that help make sense of the Saudi-Iran crisis
NBR: Japan's Defense Policy
Mapping the Middle East: Sunni-Shia is Just Not Sufficient [x-post from /r/jihadinfocus]
Pressure grows on China to rein in North Korea; South launches propaganda barrage
Ecological Security - Pros and Cons of Security as a Discourse
Wars Update: The Solutions Lie Within
Russia, Japan and North Korea’s Nuclear Test
The Pakistani Dystopia
What to make of the Putin fan club?
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia vs. Islamic Republic of Iran; A proxy war in the Middle-East
Saudi economy grows 5% despite oil price fall (with submission)
Re-taking Ramadi: Turning the tables on the Islamic State
Can the Free Syrian Army Get Back on Its Feet?
PGI’s Outlook report, a summary of key ‪#‎geopolitical‬ risks to watch in 2016
Map: Sectarian Population Divide by State &amp; Ruler in the Middle East
European Union: Creative Destruction Wave?
Saudi Arabia's Secret Holdings of U.S. Debt Are Suddenly a Big Deal
As Taiwan’s Workers Flock to China, Concerns About Economy Grow
With corruption rampant and living standards falling, Ukraine may become the next failed state that “benefited” from a neoconservative-driven “regime change,” though the blame will always be placed elsewhere – in this case, on the demonized Russian President Putin
How Russia is smashing the Turkish game in Syria
US warns Saudi execution of Shia cleric Nimr could fuel tensions
The Tajik President's Blunt Attempt At Entering Middle East Politics - analysis of Tajikistan's relations with both Iran and Saudi Arabia
European Commission Energy Officials to Visit Iran February to Boost Ties
Middle East Institute | Saudi Religious Influence in Indonesia
Nuclear North Korea: What should be its next move?
China rewrites the global rules
German Model: Unsuitable for Korean Unification
Securing stability in Afghanistan, the ‘Heart of Asia’
10 U.S. Sailors Are Being Held By Iran
Saudi Arabia Has Bigger Problems Than Iran
The Impact of US Drone Strikes on Terrorism in Pakistan
The Loser Of The Cold War Between Iran And Saudi Arabia May Be Obama
Ecological Security - Climate Change and the Discourse of Security
Peace with Pakistan? by Shashi Tharoor
How do you think the US feels about the Brexit, and EU disunity as a whole?
Stephen Walt: The United States Should Admit It No Longer Has a Middle East Policy
Sharing the Nile
