Can someone help me get my hands on a Bundeswehr award?
New German Driving fact going around on Facebook
What's up with the people here?
Little sister got pickpocketed while holidaying on her own in Berlin, should she bother reporting it?
Bibi Wilhailm - Ihr macht Deutschland kaputt! Aufklärung einer 16 jährigen über Asylpolitik!
Best WebSite Online! ) Find Your Girls to night! my aiad
German cities have to be creative in housing refugees - but a cemetery?
Eskalation am Hambacher Forst - Wachschützer überfahren Aktivisten (in german)
Visit Bremen Germany Today
You thought ISDS was bad? TTIP’s “regulatory cooperation” is even worse - Trying to harmonise US-EU regulations may result in democracy being sidelined.
145 years ago the German Empire was declared in the hall of mirrors at Versailles
Does anyone from your hometown live in Berlin right now? Find out with this interactive.
Cologne? Sweden would have handled this...well differently.
Police to probe Cologne Sex assault claims
A German’s Video Likens Mao to Hitler, and China Wants Him Punished
Germany: Refugee Rape Game called ‘Taharrush’ during NYE assaults
Fitch Affirms Germany at 'AAA'; Outlook Stable
Muslim brags about devastating 7-man gang rape of young German virgin girl, "full of dirt and sperm"
I need some popular German public-figures Facebook accounts to follow.
How to pronounce "RWTH Aachen"?
Heelp me please !, German lawyers/pirates/good Samaritans. Torrent fine
Need help to find financial information about these German companies
Any UK citizens here who've renewed their passport in Germany?
Can I apply to a German university before finishing all my language proficiency tests?
[Opinion] Germany has a bad discussion culture
Who do I call for animal noise complaints/stray animals?
Which city is the best for jobs that require no previous training/education?
Twitter users mock ‘integration safety’ guide for refugees with behavior tips for Germany
Was there ever a German "welcome culture"?
Top 10 festivals in Germany
PSA: /r/de's subreddit exchange with /r/france is taking place now. Head over there and ask questions, if you like :)
Was sofort in den Sinn kam nach etwa NYE in Köln zu hören.
The first episode of the new X-Files miniseries has an unfortunate title...
Meanwhile, in France
Got fined on my connecting flight(in greece) out of the country for overstaying.
Help appreciated in choosing the right business university as an exchange student.
Question regarding Geman Lotto?
German term for "anal retentive"
Help translating an old script document? (from 1889)
Cease and Desist letter from Waldord Frommer ("Non Stop" movie)
Germany reassesses Zika strategy as five cases are confirmed
Bei brillen.de jetzt hochwertige Gleitsichtbrille günstig kaufen
First sitе whеre mаturе wоman sеarch fаmiliarity hеr sеnd mеssage first NО PАYMENTS &amp; оther trаsh!!!
Дюссельдорф: мегаполис возможностей
Anti-Mass Migration Party Barred from TV Debates Ahead of German Elections
German TV station adds Muslim crescent and star to its logo?
let's have some fun here 22
Mein Kampf selling out in Germany
Will I have to pay back my Urlaubsgeld if I quit in the first half of the year?
Germans protest over wave of sexual assaults on women in Cologne
Germany shocked by Cologne New Year gang assaults on women
/r/worldnews bans all news reports/discussion on mass sexual assault in Germany by migrants, calling it "wrong subreddit"
glipses (p. 1)
Idea for a forum
Where can I get a STD test in Mannheim ?
Where to study in Germany?
Moving to Germany from Ireland
Foreign Car Re-registration
Looking for a German paper Bowie obit
Anyone know the backstory of the Berlinbearbus?
Drunken Germans (Reeperbahn Hamburg, 1962)
Hi Germany please watch thank you
This nоt а Dаtiпg-sitе! It's is sеаrch pаrtnеrs fоr SЕХ withоut cоmmitеnt! NО PАYS, АND ОTHЕR BULLSНIT!
Munich on High Alert After New Year’s Eve Terrorism Threat
The Case of the Murdered Goats: Exploring Germany's Far-Right Rumor Mill
Easiest way to get accumulating coins converted to cash.
Welcome refugees
Things You're NOT ALLOWED TO DO on Sunday in Germany
Hallo! Schwede here!
Need help with my homework to translate text
Useful tips for newcomers to Cologne and Germany
What is the best prepaid sim card
Future of public retirement system
German Gangs Are Beating Up Syrians After Immigrants Sexually Assault Germany's Women
Watch SIXX Germany Live Streaming Online | Sixx Live Tv
Do teens in Germany (Koln) smoke marijuana often?
I have to write a project about the Berlin Blockade.
My german speaking friends, I'd like some help to learn German!
Jobs in Germany
Coffee shops and Cafes in Munich, suitable for drawing and studying?
Self-defence options in crowds -- is it legal to carry pepper spray in Germany? Good or bad idea?
Question about quitting jobs in Germany
Kabel Deustchland blocks DNS traffic
Would it be possible to volunteer with refugees as a backpacker in Germany?
Who owned the Saarland in 1793? (kind of an esoteric question)
Ten percent of Germans own over half of country’s wealth
AfD leader says border guards should shoot refugees trying to enter country illegally
Black German woman learns her grandfather was a Nazi
TIL *Zersetzung*: the Stasi's psychological warfare against its own population
German police spray anti-migrant protesters, Merkel toughens tone
Mein Kampf is a bestseller in Germany again.
[Question] Uploading an Arbeitszeugnis (recommendation letter) to LinkedIn profile
What are the people in your social life's opinions on the refugee crisis?
The thought many of us have, but do not say
Prepaid SIM cards with most "Startguthaben"?
Ausbildung for an EU citizen: What are my chances to get it? (equal with Germans or not?)
2016 This Site Likely Contains Sexually Explicit Photos Of Someone...You Know and iid:gialaingdggaasggst
Young people 'care about environment but do nothing' | A study has found that while young people are aware of environmental issues, they also place it low on their list of priorities.
A poem I found on a RegionalExpress train: "First Fallen Snow" [Text in Comments]
German-Arabic "Cheat sheet" Used to Molest Women in Cologne
Why Germany can't face the truth about migrant sex attacks
Germany shuts Munich stations on warning of New Year suicide attack
[germany] community recommend - THIS IS NOT A DATING SITE. LARGEST IN WORLD ONLINE SEARCH SEX PARTNERS
A left-wing German politician's plan for his People.
One week worth of cultural enrichment [Germany]
Where can i find some marijuana in Augsburg?
How is night life in Germany? Can you go out without getting robbed, raped or murdered?
What do Germans think about the entire rape fest that just happened? Are most still on board with taking in refugees?
How to translate "Edgy" into German?
How to University sports work in Germany?
Looking for appliance manuals
Dual citizenship between the US and Germany
Merkel Must Step Down, Rapefugee Scandal Deepens
Germany wins European Handball Championship 2015
Small arms sales skyrocket in Germany after Cologne assaults – media
Nearly 1000 sexual assaults and robberies reported NYE
WATCH: Cologne mayor tells German women to stay at "arms length" from would-be rapists, after 1,000 Muslim migrants go on New Year's Eve rampage
Germany’s welcome for refugees has to survive the Cologne attacks
Eyewitness Account Of The "Monstrous" Migrant Attacks In Germany: "It's Like Civil War"
Cologne police chief Wolfgang Albers in 'provisional retirement' after New Year's attacks
'Tax petrol more to pay for migrant crisis'
Citizenship test
Places to stay near Munich for the Oktoberfest?
Win a dream trip to Iceland
German brewers cheer 500th birthday of beer purity law
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon will be on German TV (with subtitles) starting January 26th!
Salafi Shocking Statement: Cologne Sex Attacks Were Victims’ Fault of Wearing Perfume
If you have a paid (legal) subscription to a porn site in Germany, then is it illegal to download videos from said site?
[germany] My name is Celeste. I - a nymphomaniac! I want to have sex.
What happened in Cologne? An outside and pragmatic position on the tragic events in Germany
Old but relevant vid about our saudi allies.
Teenage Girls Sexually Assaulted by Refugees at Public Pool [Munich]
German citizenship and a very old criminal record. Do you know how this is handled?
Cologne Mayor's 'code of conduct' to prevent sexual assault angers many
Cologne mayor can't keep criticism 'at arm's length'
This may seem like a random post, but does this translate into anything?
Questions about studying undergraduate architecture in Germany
The cultural elements of the Cologne attacks
4 Teachers Brilliant White Chalk Markers
71 % of the mentions in German news media are currently of males
Germany In Total Shock: Proof Emerges Of U.S. Support Of ISIS
Watch NICKELODEON GERMANY Live Stream Free Online
German attitudes to immigration harden following Cologne attacks [Poll]
German Tornadoes Fly First Anti-ISIS ‘Intelligence Extraction’ Mission from Turkey
Controversy as Germany publishes Hitler's memoir
Terrorism and migrants: the 2 awful nightmares for Europe and Germany in 2016
How to proceed after receiving a ticket?
Cologne New Year sex attacks: Germany's women are angry, scared
I'm sorry that your leader is a Muslim
You cucks deserve all the rape your future holds. Enjoy your national suicide
Would someone mind proofreading a 200-word passage I wrote? (due in 2 hours!)
German citizenship
DAAD RISE application submitted, now what?
Yearly submission of tax returns (Umsatzsteuer and Einkommensteuer) for a EU freelancer
Oktoberfest 2016 - official trailer !
German friend brought me these, never had a sweet so delicious
Liverpool fans' attempt at German
Leaked police report claims senior police officers feared fatalities and that one of those involved in attacks told officers: “I am Syrian. You have to treat me kindly. Mrs Merkel invited me"
student needs insurance advice
Is it possible to find an apartment in Frankfurt overnight?
Advice for shipping DJ speakers from Germany to Portugal.
Is there a study of the opinion about the refugee situation amongst 2nd/3rd gen. immigrants?
DSL - month to month service?
Easter Honeymoon to Munich, Salzburg, Romantic Road and Berlin. Need advice from redditors
Is there a good german PhD database website? (x-post /r/de)
Travelling to Germany in spring (bike edition)
Exported car question
Looking for ancestors from onsabruck Germany.
Die Felsen Mönch und Nonne an der Lenne ⋅ Sage aus Deutschland
Alternative für Deutschland reaches 10 percent in polls for first time
Germany Doppler Weather Radar Map
History of the Berlin Wall through maps
I hope you'll keep this spirit
Onde dormir em Colónia?
Munich police warn of imminent terror threat
Coordinated Attacks on Women in Cologne Were Unprecedented, Germany Says
Urgent trouble with Deutsche Bahn. I'm very confused and have no idea what to do. Advice would be very appreciated! [X-Post /r/Stuttgart]
Safe way to pay kaution / deposit on an untermieten / sublet?
Any mobile app to compare prices in supermarket?
Couple from Argentina would like to study in Berlin for a year
Can i still study in Germany?
Night shift benefits
English-speaker with very little German here - I'm currently on the TK basic health plan that my company set me up with and I wanted to know: what's the procedure with going to the dentist, and are there in costs involved outside of my insurance?
Why we should be more German
poujume.lr-partner
The German Tank Problem
why Germany Army faild Funny
What is food delivery in Germany like?
Can I get a schufa if I don't have a German address or any credit history in Germany?
why does the whole of germany go on holiday in newzealand?
Question about certain laws in Germany before I go there
ELI5: Why is merkel letting in way more refugees than Germany (appears) to be able to cope with?
Which Prepaid mobile/cell/handy service is best for Germany AND Travel?
How bad is the immigrant violence in Germany?
Where is a good place to buy older video games? (N64, PS2)
Male asylum seekers banned from German swimming pool after Cologne attacks
'Merkel should be ready to flee to South America': AfD leader
Prenzlauer Berg (East Berlin) in the 80s and today
Leaked police report claims senior police officers feared fatalities and that one of those involved in attacks told officers: “I am Syrian. You have to treat me kindly. Mrs Merkel invited me"
Migrant gang assault women at Munich nightclub
A Comedic, Pork-Based History of Bavarian Food and Culture
German government admits it cannot account for 600,000 of its 1.1 million refugees
Cologne attacks: Merkel proposes tougher migrant laws - BBC News
Germany should introduce this as their new state symbol
How do you attach licence plates?!
The deal with Midijobs and Minijobs. Possible to have one each?
[Request] Someone that went to Gymnasium In Loekamp, Marl (1983 - 1992)
I'm a french student looking to better my german, could you point me to german youtubers/video makers easy to understand ?
Warm trainstations
Germany's Angelique Kerber defeats Serena Williams to win Australian Open Grand Slam!
Under new the payment account law, which also incorporates an EU directive, a so-called basic payment account for all will be launched in Germany.
First-ever German Anne Frank movie to premiere at Berlinale
This Sitee Like-ly Contains Sex-ually Explicit Photos Of Someone You Know! my taai
Germans Outraged by Mayor’s Advice for Women After Raft of Harassment
Mutti Merkel (Rammstein Parodie)
‘Frau Merkel invited me’
Hamed Abdel-Samad: Abuse at New Year's Eve - “It also has to do with Islam”
LED Grow Light Shop Blog - Benefits and Uses of LED Lighting
Jamel, a Nazi-Village in Germany A National Freed Zone in the Middle of Germany
Cologne Police Chief Condemns Sex Assaults on New Year's Eve
Alexander Maistrovoy asks the telling question about the Cologne sexual assaults: "Where were the German men?"
Is it common for scouts to come to your door to swap stuff?
[Historical Question] At the time of Reunification (1990), did East Germans speak English at all? West Germans did, but I am not sure about the East. If not, how did this affect reunification?
Strings. Music Store
Grad school admission in Germany for engineering?
Engagement Ring Shipping and Questions.
Best canned soup brands/types in Germany?
My clothings and beddings have these orange stains, possibly from rust. Any recommendation of products available in Germany to deal with it?
Paris police station attacker lived in German refugee shelter
Every major authority in Cologne — police, officialdom, press — failed
Czech Republic
Suprise (not so much) - Online support for the AfD rises again after Cologne attacks [x-post from r/dataisbeautiful]
r/Germany Censorship
Urologen in Berlin
Will be doing my internship in Germany, I need some advice on housing &amp; co.
German English Skills
'Salt in the soup'
Help request: German speaker for small research project.
How Putin Turned the Tables on German Magazine 'Bild'
Footprints: The growing divide in Germany
Google donates $5.3m to hook up German refugees with Chromebooks
Suspected Neo-nazi website operators arrested in Germany
Gabriel: German coalition reaches deal on new asylum laws
German kids as young as ten are considering suicide
Germany's Superhighway for Bikes Could Take 50,000 Cars Off the Road Every Day
6 Gründe Warum du Kein Bauchfett verlierst
[germany] Tasha Burns - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
madein-germany.de - Products from Germany with Quality
This was my experience 5 minutes into trying to learn German in a Germany.
German Cop Breaks Ranks: We Are BANNED From Detaining Migrants
Police fire WATER CANNON at Cologne protesters as anger over NYE sex attacks boils over
Moving to a different city in a different Bundesland next month, what's the procedure like?
Kabel Deutschland or Deutsche Telekom
How can my aunt watch British tv in Germany? Are there any still working VPNs which aren't blocked by the B, B, C
Rheinland-Pfalz Assignment
Problem with a German retailer for a product shipped in the EU
German family-run businesses say ready to hire refugees: Survey
New anti-terror units: A paramilitary excess? | A new special unit, BFE+, is being trained to counter terror attacks. However, the upgrade mainly serves as a psychological reassurance for the public, says criminologist Rafael Behr.
Brillen.de überzeugt mit einem unkomplizierten Ablauf beim Brillenkauf
Need help translating an apology letter
Cologne attacks: American woman tells how Syrian refugees rescued her from New Year's Eve sexual assault
We are the Yazidis now
Footage of Cologne Sexual Assaults
Video content for learning German.
Curious about how my citizenship situation affects my taxes. Born in America + Citizen of Poland + Working for German company (living in Germany)
What are the used payment methods in Germany?
Quick question, don't upvote
Job opportunities for a non-german speaking civil engineer
German right-leaning AfD leader calls for police right to shoot at refugees
German town bans refugees from swimming pool
Germany must soon close borders to refugees, transport minister tells Merkel
Legida marching through Leipzig on 1 year anniversary
Winter Market - Cologne, Germany
Large Muslim mobs sexually harass scores of young women on New Years Eve in Germany
What is the Craigslist of Germany ?
German Right-wingers, what's your stance on the recent refugee crisis?
Planning a trip to Munich
Forty percent of Germans want Merkel to resign over refugee policy
Pubs and clubs in German town of Freiburg forbid refugees
Germany reports record budget surplus
Berlin grapples with Islamists, ISIS vets amid refugee wave | Fox News
Germany warns against scapegoating refugees after mass sexual assault
German war graves are being desecrated on TV
How did you feel when Messi humiliated your country??
Help with lost Greek driving licence.
Surviving with 550 € per month
Dual vocational training vs university degree in IT
The Beauty of Black Forest in Winter, Germany
New Year's Assaults: Police in Hamburg are now reporting similar incidents on New Year's Eve in the party area of St Pauli.
Germany to censor anti-migrant sentiment across Facebook/Twitter/Google. Is there any truth to this? Thanks!
'Cover-up' over Cologne sex assaults blamed on migration sensitivities
German police stood back as young women were sexually assaulted by Arabs. Germans protesting about the sex assaults pepper sprayed and water cannoned!
How does my health insurance work?
Registering question
thoughts on University of Bonn
Considering looking for work abroad
19F Seeking Job in Cologne. Any Ideas?
Looking for student health insurance recommendations
Is it difficult for a German to say "Rural Squirrel"?
Refugees claim ISIS militants living among them in Germany
Left wing extremists assault right wing protestors
How To Calculate 90 Days in Schengen
New York Times: Germany Should Close Borders, Conduct Mass Deportations, AND Merkel Must Resign
Authorities Must Probe Cologne Assault Links
German attitudes to immigration harden following Cologne attacks
Help me please !!! Good Samaritans/German pirates/lawyers
Are these records online, and if not how would I access them? Genealogy help please
Do Germans really say, "Das ist mir Wurst"? [ASAP!]
Email etiquette. The German consulate here in the us hasn't responded to my email that I sent him 3 weeks ago. Can I email him again asking for some kind of acknowledgement?
German healthcare question
Getting healthcare in Germany/EU as non-resident dual citizen
16 y/o German girl asking you to grow a spine
Can anyone help me translate my great grandfather's obituary?
Hey r/germany, what is this video about?
[germany] Sarah Adams - this bitch is registered on the website sex dating and cheating on me!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Google searches for "gun license" skyrocketed in the second half of 2015
midlandtextiles
Come avere sucesso con il tuo sito o blog gratis - Lulu.com
German cities or towns with "ß" in the name?
Schweigekartell bei der Polizei?: Polizist: „Strikte Anweisung, über Vergehen von Flüchtlingen nicht zu berichten“ - Deutschland - FOCUS Online
Best time to visit Germany?
New to Hannover. Where can I jam with musicians?
Master Degree in Germany
Happening now: /r/de's cultural exchange with /r/thenetherlands!
Cologne Mayor says women should keep 'an arms length' to prevent sexual assault
Can you buy dirndl in Frankfurt in Winter?
Einsiedel, Germany: “Protests” Are Not Enough
How do you keep your personal taxes low in Germany?
Mayor of Cologne says women should have code of conduct to prevent future assault
I'm chinese, please explain to me the immigration issue
How big of a deal are the asylum seekers to Germany's well being?
Secret but still awesome place in Freiburg?
It is possible to waive a 1und1 contract?
Private German health insurance opinion
Swedish photojournalist looking for help with project in Bremen, Delmenhorst, Oldenburg
Chatting with German: Stops texting out of the blue, was it cultural misunderstanding?
American working remotely in Germany for US company
Transferring credits from UK to German Uni?
[Help] How to get out of my gym membership.
German girls cry for help [Please share the truth]
Germany on the Brink
Antifa attacks bus full of Nazis who wanted to participate in first PEGIDA march in Potsdam/Germany 11/01/2016
Help in translation for comics (asap)
Where do I buy pepper spray?
What's the best place for second hand tickets for events in Germany?
Questions about working at Wuppertal
Need help with living/founding a startup in Berlin
University semesters in Germany???
Need help to find a suitable mobile phone plan for student!!
Steyn: It's Still the Demography, Stupid
Germany's Merkel says refugees must return home once war over
Rhineland town axes Carnival over sexual assault fears
Germany and Cuba agree to open Havana trade office
Is it true Germans dislike drinking tap-water ?
Woman calls the emergency 110 number to complain about the quality of her takeaway pizza rolls
Visited Germany and kept getting dirty looks/stared at?
Desperate Search Where is my-lost grandson? Pleas also like and share this page for my search .. thank you
Passing a red sign
Information regarding studying is Germany
The New Germans
Mayor of Cologne says women should keep an arm's length between themselves and male strangers.
Questions for moderates from an american
First time in Germany, Computer Science student. Need some help.
Hey boys I'm Sharon and I'm looking for a sex partner.. HELP ME!
Germany tops the world's best countries list according to U.S. News and World Report
EUROSPORT GERMANY Live Stream Free Online
Maajid Nawaz: Why We Can’t Stay Silent on Germany’s Mass Sex Assaults
Fake photos flood Internet after sexual assaults in Germany
German language teacher gets racist messages for a poster.
I'm trying to move to Germany from the U.S.
What are realistic volunteer or work opportunities for my spouse while I'm on assignment inot Germany?
Anybody now these tourists? Their memory card with lots of pictures was found in Antwerp. They are holding a German brochure. (Link to share on Facebook in comments.)
Train ticket price
Should I be afraid for my safety due to my appearance when I study abroad in Germany?
Has merkel made a statement about the events in Cologne?
Do we have express lines at supermarkets?
Possibility of Rundfunkbeitrag exemption?
Medical specialisation in Germany vs UK? Can anyone help?
Masters in Logistics/Supply Chain Management, am I stereotyping?
I am an international student
Cute towns to weekend in with easy access from Berlin?
Germany urges Kurdistan to keep better tabs on arms
Klaus Kinski - Dr. Niginsky
Tank runs over car in joint military exercises Germany . 1979?
Cologne attacks: first arrest over New Year's Eve sex assaults
Best reddit girls for dating! List of 1000 girls for s*x! [germany]
Cologne police officers deny claims from higher-ups "Most were newly arrived asylum-seekers" [German Article]
'Merkel out!': German far-right vents fury after Cologne attacks
German Cop Breaks Ranks: We Are BANNED From Detaining Migrants
Erdogan cites Nazi Germany for executive system
How do you say Otto Lilienthal's last name? (spelled phonetically please)
Me (Dutch) visited my girlfriend in germany, she got a 800+ euro fine for copyright infringement on a movie. Help?
Are there any language courses that are subsidized for German citizens?
Is there a way to get a flat rate pre-paid SIM card without being a German citizen?
Can anyone tell me a good Garmin GPS that has Europe and American maps?
What are the most popular games in Germany?
What do you guy think of BWL(Betriebswirtschaftslehre)?
I wish to research my German ancestors (n. Schwestska) who fled Sudetenland to Bad Aibling with a stolen train at the end of WWII.
Movie making scene
Horrible experience with ABC Travel (German travel agency), thought I'd share...
I need help with trash...
What are some of the differences between German and American Millennials?
"Auch ein Flüchtling kann ein böser Mensch sein" - Würden wir anders über Köln reden, wenn die Täter Neonazis gewesen wären?
German minister proposes levy on fuel to help with cost of migration
German Firms Slowly Adjust to New Boardroom Quota Law
Cologne attacks: Merkel considers tougher migrant laws
Blöder Chef? Dann gönn dir eine Auszeit und mehr Freiheit durch Mikrojobs!
Cologne Mayor’s ‘Arm’s Length’ Sex Assault Advice Stirs Outcry
Message for German citizens, from Polish volleyball fans: "Protect Your woman, not our democracy
Need advise. Possible legal options. Getting completely screwed by a landlord
Is July too early to arrive in Germany for a Masters starting in October?
Has anyone used the Continuing Education Voucher?
Moving to Germany to au pair
How long before the beginning of the semester does one in general receive a Letter of admission (Zulassungsbescheid)?
Need help planning a trip.
British TV does Merkel (Tracey Ullman)
Is EU on Verge of Collapse by Migrant Crisis?
Berlin pushes to turn Tempelhof into Germany's biggest refugee hostel
Cologne attacks: New Year's Eve crime cases top 500
German tourists were sent to the funeral countries
End of Europe? Berlin, Brussels’ shock tactic on migrants
Amazon donates money from PEGIDA hymn to organization that helps refugees.
Four Germans have been charged for far-right terror group
Germany In Shock After “Monstrous” Attacks, Rape By 1,000 Men “Of Arab Or North African Origin”
Sim cards in germany
Germany's "War on women"
The Road to Citizenship
Church taxes and certificate/membership card
Belgian TV station discovered Opel (GM) dealers silently update Diesel cars software
Berlin pays tribute to dearly departed Bowie
It is undeniable that Germany has an important role to play as an economic powerhouse but by accepting too many immigrants and failing to integrate them into the mainstream German society, the cultural formation of the country is at risk.
Shitstorm on the facebook of the Excelsior Hotel in Koln (because of certain bouncer Jurcevic)
Speaking Italian vs French vs German
1925 German tourism poster, designed by Friedewald (Willy) Dzubas
Police in Germany are covering up the extent of migrant crime, Bild claims
Thousands of people have taken part in rallies across Germany in support of the anti-Islam movement, Pegida.
60+ women sexually assulted and robbed by 1000+ men on New Years Eve at Cologne
GcReturn.net » Minecraft Netzwerk « [CRACKED / PREMIUM] [1.8.x]
Why aren't more Germans more alarmed by the mass migrant attacks in Cologne?
Shoplift charges on international student
Pepper spray for self defence.
Please help me to decide
Odd question. e-business with a Germany focus. Is .com OK?
Is Bavaria safe for solo female travel?
Need help on finding where are some photos from.
Should Germany stop exporting arms to Saudi Arabia?
Authorities Must Probe Cologne Assault Links
6 Arten, Wie Zimtöl Bei Gewichtsverlust Hilft
Over 200 children allegedly abused in Bavarian Catholic choir
Cop leaps from window after being caught drunk driving
Shipping a laptop from USA to Germany?
Munich 'not under imminent IS threat' - German officials
Merkel cancels Davos trip as pressure rises over Cologne attacks - German chancellor Angela Merkel is facing increasing pressure at home after her justice minister warned that attackers identified as migrants in Cologne on New Year’s Eve were members of an organised crime network.
What are the top 3 law schools in Germany for business/finance law?
Coming to Munich, Germany for 6 months for work. Need advice on day-to-day things cell phone, getting around, grocery shopping, bank account, traveling?
Is "Wissenschaft" allowed for male name by Germany government?
Sending dried food from Canada to Germany?
Permanent Residency and Studying
Can I stay in Germany after I finish my working holiday visa?
Looking for local/emerging visual arts hubs
Admitted to a german university and mail concerns.
o2 DSL customer? YSK your internet usage is being sold to advertisers.
This Is The Cartoon Germany Hands Out To Sexually Frustrated Refugees | Zero Hedge
There is no doubt that rape is disgusting but let us not forget that racists and bigots have long used this excuse of "they are raping our women" to incite hatred and division in a otherwise peaceful country.
Dating German guy
Question for the female German redditors on here...
Gas stations to avoid?
Australian shooting a film in Germany, need some help!
Academic leave of absence in Germany
Hey! I have a book related question.
Moving pets to Germany from EU
Please help me understand what I perceive as a German lack of regard for other people's time...
Is anybody here refusing to pay the TV license? How does it work and what have your experiences been?
Life in Mannheim? And University HDWM
madein-germany.de - Products from Germany with quality
Online, refugees ignore Austrian 'cap' and German 'reduction' plans
[germany] My girlfriend is a prostitute! Damn I found it on this site ... Check out friends and girlfriends.
Animal Spirits In The Black Forest
#Aufschrei 0.0 – Wenn die feministische Empörung ausbleibt
Cologne Attacks Trigger Raw Debate on Immigration in Germany
Cologne Mayor Warns Sex Attacks Will Challenge Germany
Is this true or not? German-turk saying that germans are disgusting and should dissapear.
Cologne still tense in wake of sexual assaults
Petition: Withdrawal of dt. Federal Chancellor Dr. Angela Merkel and immediate re-election of the Federal Government
Woman killed by police known man from Iran by pushing her onto the subway tracks
PROTECT CHRISTOPH REHAGE
My personal hero has some truly inspiring quotes
Is it guilt that turned German men into cucks for Arab men?
I had to write 16 sentences in German about a friend of mine. Can you guys tell me what I've done wrong grammatically?
Can any Germans give me any insight into my surname?
Has /r/germany (and /r/europe, for that matter) always been like this?
Travel advice wanted
German tenant law - roommate doesn't pay rent
German growth likely minimal in final quarter of 2015
These are the world’s best countries. (Sorry, America — you’re No. 4.) (x-post from /r/SCHLAND
A to-do list for female developers in Berlin
Merkel's office sealed off due to suspicious package - police
Cologne mass sex assaults appear planned, co-ordinated, German justice minister says
Nach Hetze ist das Umgangsrecht in Gefahr
Cologne right now
Shocking Arabic Rape Game ‘Taharrush’ Has Made It To Europe &amp; It’s Beyond Disgusting
http://gefira.org/de/2016/01/18/der-istanbul-kanal-in-7-jahren-sind-amerikanische-flugzeugtrager-im-schwarzen-meer/
Dark Roast Coffee, where are you? &amp; Subscriptions?
AfD banned from state media debate due to pressure from SPD and Greens
Cologne Sexual Assault Footage (NOT NSFW) - previous post deleted by Mods??
McFit: when I signed up they promised me I could cancel with a months notice. When I tried to cancel, they offered to cancel in June. Am I getting screwed or did the guy lie to me?
Experience with FOM Hochschule ?
What is the term for "used" or "2nd hand" cell phones in Germany?
Wearing a priest robe in public
Volkswagen Could Have to Pay $90 billion for Its Emissions Cheat
'Algeria and Morocco must take back deportees': Berlin
Germany has the best playgrounds
