Anyone have info on the new PGA course coming to New Orleans?
Top Golf competitor opening in Tulsa, OK
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/27/2016
Anyone going to the PGA merchandise show next week?
Driver Question
Handicap question
PGA Tour shouts - British style!
One course on Oahu, one on Kauai?
Tips for golfing on the cheap?
Anyone looking to purchase Arccos?
My first Vokey wedge. Golf show special $85.00. good deal?
Extra headcovers, part 2.
Play Golf In The Lone Star State
Most prestigious/best club you've ever played?
Saw this on /gaming maybe some of you can relate.
Swinging a weighted golf club?﻿
Almost had my first ace. Kinda glad it didn't go in though because I was playing by myself.
Should the IRS give environmental tax deductions to golf courses?
When someone asks how good my golf game is: "Eh, I'm middle of the road."
My brother moved away and left his golf set behind. Need help identifying and pricing them to sell on CL
Finally, After 4 years I did it, Smashed the 90 barrier!!
Guess the Golf Course..:)
Bushnell Scout 1000 ARC Rangefinder for $129.99! (eBay daily deal)
[Tutorial] How to get Golf Channel in HD for FREE
Golf fitness and health
Fitting? When should I get fitted, what should I look for in choosing a fitter, how much should I expect to pay, and is it worth it?
Looking for pro series hybrids but at higher lofts,26 degree and higher.
Vacation booked for Santa Rosa Beach, FL in August, need suggestions?
Consistency had been killing me lately. Does anyone has some advice or tips?
What's one thing (equipment or action) that you do/own that is out of the ordinary?
Fire on the trees. Raven Golf Club, Phoenix, AZ
January Golf in Edmonton
Tips To Improve Your Golf Experience
'Great One' indeed: Wayne Gretzky birdied No. 1 at Augusta on first try
You wanna talk about nightmare fuel?
Mickelson has some scathing words for Ryan Ruffels
The struggle is real, just started playing back in April, I'm on set #3 bag #4 still suck but can't wait to go swing my sticks again.
15 Hottest Ladies on the LPGA Tour
My dad paints Golfers, I photograph them..:)
Today Was a Good Day
watch Abu Dhabi Golf Championship live coverage
101 Mistakes All Golfers Make
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/29/2016
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/22/2016 #2
Naples FL... Where should I play?
Best drills to create lag?
Calling /r/taylormade.....
Orlando area golf recommendations
Need to find specific statistics for PGA Tour players.
To follow up on the last question, Where did the golfers of r/golf go or are going to school?
This custom ball marking service is better than the last one I posted - premade ones like Breaking Bad's Heisenberg
Equipment to cover golf tournaments leaving Maui. New appreciation of the logistics involved.
Free all night, I want to have fun I do not mind to join? [golf]
Found putter in grandpa's garage he said I could have it what do you guys think?
Got any swing tips for this guy?
The elevation change on 18 at this weeks Hyundai Tournament of Champions is incredible. PGA Tour.
What a way to clear the cobwebs this morning.
So anyone try these PXG clubs?
Well... guess Cobbs needs a new clubhouse
Wyncote Golf Club, Oxford PA - Jan 10
The best irons ever made!
Best Golf Glove Ever
Advice on Oakley Ciphers?
3 iron, 3 wood, 3 hybrid, and a 5 wood. Trying to avoid redundancy
Course Recommendation: Fort Myers, Florida
Ernie Els misses 18-inch putt (actually, don't watch)
Tips on finding scrambles or best ball tournaments
1st time golfer. How bad is it? (Swing Analysis)
DL Driver Swing
Who's a junky like me?
Great article about Bryson DeChambeau and his clubs
I took r/golf's advise and played Mayakoba in Cancun last week. It was pretty amazing.
Knock Down the Pin: 3 Steps to More Birdies
New Ben Hogan hybrids released. What do you guys think?
As a first year law student, this is highly improbable, but wish me luck!
WITB: Xmas Edition
[golf] Base profiles unmarried women age 23 online. The base is available only 2 hours. ID:asaso
Help on pricing clubs please
My Dad wants to Thank you guys for the encouragement for his Golf Paintings. He is happy..:)
Baby Steps to Fit
How to screw up a weekend and fix it...
10 months into this golf journey. Critique my swing please r/golf!
New GolfNow rewards system
Upgrading/Moving from Game Improvement Irons, Need Recommendation
Las Vegas Course advice?
New sticks, and old habits.
In honor of The Kid getting inducted. As if being great at baseball wasn't enough.
Equipment and Clothing Tips for Playing in Cold Conditions
I know they need the sponsorship..but am the only 1 that HATES this part of each tournament
Swing Critique Request
2/2 in scramble raffles. I love freebies.
1. I had no idea there was a sub r/LadiesWhoGolf/ 2. Mercy, my goodness. 3. sorry if posted incorrectly .. (cross post from https://www.reddit.com/r/LadiesWhoGolf/comments/40hcc1/focused/)
New Grand Canyon University Golf Course (previously maryvale before renovation)
My left arm causes a slight head turn, how do I keep my full swing without pushing my head back?
Colin Montgomerie partnered with Ship Sticks
Callaway Introduces new XR16 Driver and Fairway Wood
Flop shots and Batman
Not today golf gods!!!!
Tiger 2002 Masters Highlights
2016 PGA Show in Orlando, FL
Practice Makes ....
Does anyone know any pros snapchats?
Is there a resource to view different greens topology?
Custom fitting a driver.
Rare double rainbow on Hole for at Bonita, San Diego. Great way to start the new year!
Nike flex Flight driver piece
Golf Ball Retriever Survey
Golf cart bag config?
Solid set of irons without breaking the bank?
9yr old wants to show you guys her Iron/Hybrid swing. She's super excited to hear what people can help her swing with.
Looking for feedback on possible golf equipment VLOG...
Where to Golf in Orlando?
Is that shinny new 3 wood really worth it?
Tips for buying a set of clubs?
Selling my old Ping ISI-k's. how much?
LostGolfBalls discount code email?
Dissapointment lol
Finally winter in the north east.. need indoor golf net recommendations!
Where is a good place to catch golf highlights
When the snow falls.. I chip into the washer and dryer.
And that's how you golf.
Both of my partners didn't hit it past the ladies tees in today's round...
Wife and kids are away, good time for practice!
Was lucky enough to play Pebble Beach on Monday. OMG. Lives up to all the hype!
Boom! New PING G Series has launched!
Jordan Spieth signs deal with Coca-Cola 'on level of LeBron' [xpost /r/progolf]
How to Practice the Golf Swing
Ping i3 irons- question about shaft lengthening (SFW)
Cure Putters - Yes or No?
Thoughts on adjusting lie on wedges.
Trying to create handicap system for the private par 3 course at my apartment complex. Need some help
Operation 36 w/ Matt Reagan &amp; Ryan Dailey
Thinking about buying a Titleist 915 D3 with a whiteboard 80g X Shaft. Please help.
Scotty Customization
Golf in Mazatlan?
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/19/2016
Similarity or Variety?
Club Builders, we have a lot of Uncut Accra DyMatch 2.0 shafts this weekend.
Titleist hybrid / 3 wood head wanted
Anyone played Memphis National Golf Club?
Started playing last summer with hand-me-downs from the 70's, looking for new clubs?
Golf Power Rankings: Jordan Spieth is clear No. 1, but who's next?
短期集中型ゴルフシンプル理論完全マスタープログラム
Got a birthday present from the wife!
Jack Nicklaus, 1967. The Golden Bear turns 76 today. [xpost /r/OldSchoolCool]
Got my new flat stick in the mail
Kick X Commercial- I can't be the only one
Ready to skip winter, watch the Mets fall back to mediocrity, and play with my new irons!
I've sent my ball there a few times myself. Usually on my tee shot though
My 2016 WITB: Titleist, Mizuno, Callaway, Cameron, Custom Headcovers
Went 0/2 with my fairway woods today
Buying used irons. Wanting opinions on your favorite irons at a good value.
Swing Analyzers, are they worth?
Hitting high on clubface
Golfing in Houston now?
Waiting for it to get out of the 30's in NC...
Question about grips
Something I realized at the range last week, may help slicers ou
Any video on horn blowing during Spieth's backswing on 18?
Picked this up over the weekend
Meet the man who used to spend $350,000 a year on golf equipment
WITB - Just cleaned 'em up
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/4/2016
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/6/2015
Yahoo fantasy golf
I think this guy nailed it with his opinion Hyundai tournament of champions.
10 Stерѕ For Planting Trееѕ аnd Shrubѕ??
Tiger Woods: 40 Years of Golfing Glory
Top 10 Reasons You Don't Play Enough Golf
WITB- Hopefully this one is a bit interesting to those in the States
Speed Golf with Christopher Smith, Bandon Dunes, Oregon
Bridgestone B330 Series Golf Balls $27.99 FS
Music on the Course
｛천안오피∥카라｝청주오피［udaiso02．Ｃom］부산오피∏중구청오피⇒울산핸플
Mobile Phones While Playing
Anyone actually tried the XE1 wedge from the infomercials?
High handicapper looking for help
If you're on the fence about lessons...
Revamp the bag before or after lessons?
Our Office Notepad Gets Quite Competitive
Anywhere to watch replay of Abu Dhabi? (Spieth, Rory, Fowler)
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/13/2016
Competitive golf games with players of very different handicaps?
Overall Golf Fitness Routine
Let's murder out 2016
佐藤絵美、プロ初Ｖ「シードを取れるように頑張りたい」／米女子
Golfer with an epic beard dreams of being on the PGA Tour
Jamie Lovemark's ball got saved by a duck...waiting for the ruling at Torrey South #18
Into the Golden Hour
Used Aeroburner purchase from 3balls.com turned out to be a brand new club!
30 miles from NYC in January
Regripping old Ping Blade Putter
where to watch past round of hsbc?
PGA merchandise show!
Raffle Basket Items
Thoughts on the 2-way chipper?
Cobra Fly-Z Hybrids Question
Your best exercises and methods to get rid of an early release?
WITB - '16 Bag but might as well be a '06 Bag.
Buying new 3w and 3h, need advice.
Club/head weight and swing tempo
New RZN tour platinums smell good
Everybody is listening to music on the course.
Looking to get new custom fitted clubs! Any advice!?
Winning Golf Strategies
Course Recommendations- Tampa Florida Golf Trip
Golf + Snapchat
Win a free video analysis! Entries by 1-17-15!
I sank a 60ft putt for my 3rd birdie ever!
The Story of Scotty Cameron
Cool little golf site...name checks out
WHAT CREATES BACKSPIN? PART ONE: SPIN LOFT
A nice January morning here in Madrid
Review of Dooks Golf Club in Ireland
I just bought a new Wilson Hope Ladies Club Set!
Hit up on the Ball!
Iron Fitting Question....
Golf social network app
Are there any stores out there where I could try on some knickers and socks? Or do you have to trust an online order....
Need some advice on a women's golf set
Suggestions for overcoming a nemesis hole?
Your guess on howany times Speith gets compared to Tiger this year?
Anyone else ever experienced this from getting a tee time on Golfnow?
Suggestions for a fun get together
AMA: In 4 years I went from working at an indoor driving range to The Starter at St. Andrews then the construction team at Cabot Cliffs.
Equalizing a scramble? Ideas?
Critique my swing!
Phil Mickelson is really pissed a teenager went public about their golf wager
Play the ball as it lies?
For those who are wondering...
I won a giveaway contest on instagram from Bubba Watson!! It just came in the mail today!
I work for a golf performance company as a custom club builder and we just got these in. Thought y'all might like a peek
Just your normal January golf in Florida
89th U s Open Official Annual Oak Hill Signed Inscribed Presented by Rolex | eBay
[golf] Fight your database his girlfriend, can you change it to another!
South African Open Golf Betting Preview and Bet Tips
I'm pretty sure this was uphill against the wind
EA Sports PGA Tour Career Mode Gameplay Web.com 1st event E02
Hey fellow golfers, what are some ideas for golf related goals this year?
Shoe/spike care
I need help cleaning my bag
Putting:lining sight up with ball
2016 Olympic Golf Qualifying - Cool Website Tracking Players
Indoor putting/chipping drills?
My Magnificent Obsession
Topgolf Begins Long-Awaited Northeast Expansion, Confirms Groundbreaking in New Jersey (X-Post, /r/newjersey)
Any ideas how to fix this putter
Callaway HEX Control $25/2 Dozen at Costco
New clubs for game improvement
How do I stop chunking wedge shots from 50-90 yards?
[Winter Golf] How many days do you guys give courses to dry up a bit after a good snow?
Expecting 2 feet of snow over here in Northern VA this weekend. Indoor practice it is. Indoor balls for chipping and regular balls for putting.
Ask a surf photographer to shoot a pro golfer on a trip to Scotland.
This is exciting for those who watch golf.
WITB - New irons arrived today! I'm in love.
Elastic band golf exercise
Today is the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the PGA (xpost r/100YearsAgo)
Nothing can be more infuriating then when you see your golf ball gracefully soar high into the sky as you watch it spin into the air and then…plomp!. Check out these Pro Tips that will make Golf Bunker Shot make easy.
Last chance for me to break 80 in 2015. Better luck next year.
First pictures of the Ping G driver - Vortec + Turbulators
2016 Hyundai Tournament of Champions Expert Picks and Predictions.
Ireland's Top 40 courses
Anyone using hudltechnique?
How do you guys mark your golf balls?
Three-putted too much and shot a 112 on a cold and wet day...
Anyone been to a web.com event?
Are there any resources that show the topographic properties of greens?
What the hell?
A few pics from Natadola Bay Golf Course. Great day.
THE 'RIDER CUP' DESERT CHALLENGE 2016
Got a putting matt over Xmas... Looks like my putting misses pretty much left off where it was in 2015! And this on an incline!
Fantastic picture from my vacations
Golf Course – Quick Fact
I had the privilege to play Whisper Rock today
Odds to Win the CareerBuilder Challenge
Not everyday you "hustle" a 3-time major winner
I think he liked it.
Tiger Woods ahead of the 2015 Masters Golf Tournament
Repost From TIL - Golfer Destroys National Air Force with One Swing
Albatross on the 18th of the Farmers Insurance Open
Help a girl out, critique my swing. Be nice :D
Selling 4-p set of Titlest AP2 714 irons
Former professional golfer. AMA.
swing tips? https://youtu.be/j1xOnZsQrV0
Mid Upgrade WITB
The best slim fitting trousers?
Golf Club - $7.50 in PS Store
Fabian Gomez's playoff birdie leads Shots of the Week
GolfNow reward First Come First Serve
Chipping: Do you focus on your landing spot or your ending spot (the hole)?
Volunteering for PGA event
Atlanta Golfers
How long do old golf holes take to recover?
TopGolf is making a "Big" Announcement at the PGA Show tomorrow.
Playing the TaylorMade Experience in Vegas on Saturday morning. Thoughts on the course?
Looking for suggestions on places to play in the Destin/Panama City are of Florida
My chipping epiphany
Shot a 79 this morning. Watch out, Jordan. I'm coming for that jacket.
Man's backside keeps Speith's ball in play
Play it as it lies
Custom Golf Towels
Hit a frozen puddle in the middle of a bunker... This is the result
BBC Sport - Luke Donald considered quitting golf after dropping out of top 50
"I think I'll just let that one go..."
Bad days and Good days and why they both needed #TheShipLife Vlog 47
Done with my clubs, decided to upgrade hers
Spieth, Day and McIlroy to win all four 2016 majors?
Anyone want a couple wedges?
Swing Analysis Request
Trying to find an old post of guide to clubs
Hybrid to buy.
New Neighbor just told me about Mediocre Golf Association (MGA). Can we get a sidebar link?
Golf in Maine?
Taylormade customer service kills it again
So, now that I have a practice net, I have questions.
When you get new clubs, do you refuse to touch your old clubs, even if you're having issues?
Is There a Golf Equivalent of NBA League Pass or MLB.tv?
Buying a wedge set, need opinions.
Best Performing Ball for $15-$30/dz ?
Ban on anchoring putts
How do you get back into form after not playing for awhile?
Why is there no Big Bertha Fusion anymore?
Despite some bad weather around Atlanta, Sunday was beautiful and started my year on a high note. First ever under 100 round!
Glenn Frey's passing leaves void in music, and golf.
Qatar Masters Golf Betting Preview and Bet Tips
Sebonak and National Golf Links from above
Made a friend today
WITB - Lets Go Panthers!
Terry strikes again... xpost
Yeah, I'll get right on that...
Sent my 3 year old Leupold GX-1 in to Leupold for repair to its spotty display. This arrived today.
We should all be so lucky.. Ka'anapali Golf Course, Maui
My new Nike Lunar Control 3's
slicing my driver but not my irons
From Minnesota, don't take it for granted!
Young women golfers in Vancouver, BC?
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/22/2016
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/26/2016
My Step Dad is a hard guy to buy gifts for. What's the best way to try to get him to play an elite course in my area? (PHL)
Since there has been posts about buried fried egg lies in bunkers today, here is how you get out of them (not nearly as hard as you think).
Single length clubs
[COURSE REVIEW] Country Club of the South - Johns Creek, Ga
Twin Cities Golf Public Country Club
Inconsistent Iron Distances
The greatest irons ever made! Or I hate springy iron face slots...
Shorts on the way for Euro golf practice rounds
For the third time in my life, I have new golf clubs!
Wind assist on a putt at Farmers today
Girl hates golf courses...because they're green (of course).
First Time I Tried EASports PGA Tour Gameplay. It was harder than I tho...
Jamie Donaldson in a chainsaw accident.
Couple Pics from this Morning
Nike HQ at the 2015 Open
My grandfather's scorecard from when he played at Augusta National. He was invited by his doctor. He was battling cancer at the time he played. Shot a 74.
Rate these trickshots, the bunker shot is my favorite
My Hip Rotation In My Swing Has a Strange "Pause" Any Ideas On Why It's Happening? Thanks!
Any interest in Yahoo! Fantasy Golf?
First 9 holes in 5 years
Why do clubs vary in length?
Beginner Clubs? I have a few options
Quick Tips Golf Edition - Cliff Notes
What am I doing wrong?
Best PC Golf Sim Options
Irons: Straight off the tee bad slice off the ground
Season pass options in/around Boston?
Supermodel Nina Agdal plays golf
Cracked 3 balls in one round! Moral of the story: don't buy cheap balls.
12 year old breaks Aaron Ramsey's Guinness World Record #KeepyUppyChallenge
All According to Plan...
My Team Titleist Video just went live on Titleist.com and YouTube!
Improve Golf Game Stretches for Low Back Pain/ Low Back Pain Relief
2016 Foreign Concerts in the Philippines
#6 Par 3 at Quivira Golf Club, Los Cabos, Mexico
On the 18th green at John's Island South, looking back at the tee box
WITB, resolute to use these all year, no hoing.
Got a new 3-Wood. Anyone know what these are attached to the headcase?
Gift ideas for stepdad who is recovering from injury, hoping to return to golf
Check it off the bucket list
Looking for a good, cheap driver
In the market for some new irons. Any suggestions?
Faster swingers of Reddit, do you reshaft your wedges or just stay with "wedge" flex?
Mizuno Mp4 Iron deal?
WITB cause I wish I could be golfing
Advice for closing club face
Best golf pro videos on the internet. Share your best!
[Discussion] Are you a "feel' golfer or a "technical" golfer? Why?
Golf Lessons in Jacksonville
I'm a rules official; AMA! (Week 22)
Best October courses in Phoenix and Tucson?
Mp-h5 3-6 iron paired with cg1 7-P?
We have all been there.....
Ebay find: Miura KM-006 with UST Frequency shaft and SS 3.0!
Golf Helfer – Golfer müssen sich mehr drehen, nicht weniger!
That's the truth
Weir ready for return to competitive golf
VIDEO: Go inside Jordan Spieth's new Dallas Mansion
European Tour moves towards allowing professionals to wear shorts in bid to attract younger audience - Telegraph
PING's New G Driver
Jordan Spieth overtakes Tiger Woods as the highest-earner in golf
Good Start to the New Year
My WITB Ready to Tackle 2016!
How to tell when your girlfriend has picked up your Golf Digest
How to improve discipline in golf?
Tips for playing championship courses?
Kick X Golf Balls
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/25/2016
Are oncore golf balls any good?
Fourteen RM-12
Would you play in a Redditor's Open in Bermuda?
Value courses to visit in Boynton Beach, FL
Last golf for a while
Getting a Hole in One... alone (shiver)
What happened to golf reimagined?
Has anyone ever had this happen? (Broken Club)
Fishers Island Club Review on Top100golf (he didn't make any new friends looking at the comments)
I work at Newark Airport. This sign is now used to block broken doors.
Customised the putter
Billy Horschel and Christian Bale look like brothers. Is this old news that I'm just now noticing?
After hours of window shopping I finally joined the Cameron family!
PA golf in January at Galen Hall
Is this messed up?
Any 3balls golf promo codes around??
hows my swing look? link inside
Most talented player you've played with...
Help me decide on my first driver.
Make grips tacky
Swing plane drills
Match Play Tie Breaker Ideas
Anyone interested in a group trip to Myrtle 1/29 - 2/1?
Selling used clubs
Golf Quote Of The Day 1/21/2015
Convince me I'm wrong - Buying a new driver every year or two is silly and a waste of money.
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/5/2016
Those with Rocketsladez..
In need of Florida Stay and Play package recommendations!
WITB - Beginner (Lady) Edition
A big shout out to /r/golf . Thanks to this subreddits' advice and daily deal threads, I have pieced together my bag for the upcoming season. If only the snow would clear...
Inside the Complicated Mind of Kevin Na: A Case Study in the Frailty of a Golfer's Psyche
Now that takes skill (x-post /r/SuperAthleteGifs)
This Site Likely Coontains Sex1ually Expliicit Photos Of Someone You Know! khm..lsna
Amazing Golf Trick - repost r/gifs
Interactive Idaho Golf Course Map &amp; Idaho Golf Courses by Region
Latin American Golf Championship is streaming now (winner is in the Masters)
2016 Scotty Cameron Select putters
Is Golf now now not displaying tee times?
/r/golf/....a bunch of A-Holes
Any idea where I can find prints of these?
Hidden Wedges that everyone should check out!
Golf trip to Lumine Hills / Lake in Spain
You gotta love Paige
New clubs from the US...
HSB Abu Dhabi Championship Prize Fund
Any suggestions on what we could improve?
Looking forward to this coming week
Does Jordan Spieth have a swing that a new player should try to emulate?
Wife is insiting we go to Vegas in July, where do I need to play (on the cheap)?
Playing my first 'proper' round tomorrow. What one piece of advice should I take with me?
Anyone tried Piq yet?
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/7/2016
How much does it cost to Golf in your area?
The taylormade M2
Bushnell Neo XS GPS watch on Amazon Goldbox today (66% off). Is this watch better or worse than say the Garmin S4 - 6 or Vivoactive?
Necessary Equipment For Golfers
Just enough ground to play around on.
Hyundai tournament of Champions preview
Not quite a Secret Santa, but I did win a question comp on Twitter by Ian Poulter and he sent me some signed stuff! They are grounds passes and official player tee off times for the PGA Championship at Whistling Straights last year!
Cool Springs Launches New Golf Technology for Heated Outdoor Driving Range
Frustrated trying to find course
Does Caddystash.com offer authentic Scotty Cameron products?
Anybody from Dublin? Or been there on a golfing holiday?
6 player games?
Morning Drive past shows 1/27-1/28
60 Degree Wedge Bounce.. What do you play? Why?
Mizuno JPX-EZ : cast or forged better option
Did any one see rickies high tops today??
Best Golf Websites 2016 - Making A Complete List
If you could only pick 1, would you rather play Pebble Beach or TPC Sawgrass?
Minneapolis Golf Course recomendations
Phil Mickelson Four Shots Back at CareerBuilder Challenge
LOOK: Fowler bought champagne for the Abu Dhabi press room
Shadow Creek, Las Vegas
Ha Na Jang cards hole-in-one on par-4 at Pure Silk Bahamas LPGA Classic
Phil Mickelson Loses $5k to 17-Year Old Ryan Ruffles
Nike Lunar Cypress Shoes.. Huh.. Nice work Golf Now!
New Golf Painting - Paint is Still Fresh
Wolf Creek Golf Club &amp; Paiute Golf Resort
The new Nike RZN balls. Retails from $30 per dozen up to $48.
Joburg Open Golf Betting Preview and Bet Tips
This is what I came back to after I went to the restroom at the range.
In 12 days i play sawgrass stadium course. Im so excited. I usually play from tips. How hard is sawgrass from tips. Anyone who ever played any advice would be appriciated!
Practice Makes Perfect
Blast Golf Replay
"Hey, nice shot! "
Another WITB post
Anyone know when the new tm OS spider putters are coming out?
Golf Deals of the Day - 1/27/2016
Question for Boston golfers
4 clubs to play with
Since everyone is doing it! Best places to golf in St. Pete/Tampa
If you can get past the insanely awful slice, i'd say the speed was pretty impressive
Jordan Spieth one round from $10 million after taking lead at Tour Championship
3rd shot with my new driver at the personal range.....
New Years Day Golf at Sea N Air
How To Increase Your Clubhead Speed: How You’re Gripping The Club Is Killing Your Distances
Approach on #17 at Daytona Beach South. It was windy and gray, but I played 18 in shorts on January 5th. Eat your hearts out northerners!
Golf. Anytime. Anywhere
Golf Tips For Beginners
Course I played today has the best answer to the question "where should the rake be kept."
Came for the trick shots, found a great song remake.
Helpful review for golf gps
Enter to win a chance to play the Pro-Am at Torrey!
I need some clarity on my 3 wood shaft
