PSA: Double Tap Barnes 110 gr TAC-TX Loads Miced With Excessive Neck Thickness
Double Barrel Break-action Bullpup
Where do you carry your gun, and what do you look like when you carry it?
AR SBR build advice
Open carry question. Oklahoma.
Ohioan here, have questions about open carrying
Box fed semi-automatic shotgun discussion
Should I buy a bump fire ak47
Thoughts on this gun,H&amp;K P30S V3 9mm
Thordsen Receivers?
Shooting techniques
Questions for making up a range bag.
Question about AR-15 lower legalities
I want to kick all your guy's asses in pistol matches. Need help picking .22
NRA insurance question
Dumbest things you've heard a gun shop employee say...
.22 suppressor question
Official Politics Thread 1 January 2016
Why do some european companies shaft the US market?
Cleaning Barrels With Grease?
Glock 19 OWB Holsters recommendations?
I need help giving a gift.
Polymer lowers for an AR build?
Looking to buy first handgun. Would like some ideas/thoughts on what to get!
Back to life 1978 Glenfield 60
Facebook's new gun policy.
Best Pharmacy Shop! Best Price! 100% Guarantee!
21 incredible facts about guns in America
Amundsen-Scott Polar Research Station
Bling and Bang - Cumming, Georgia Gun and Jewelry Store to open in two weeks.
Canberra gun maker appeals decision preventing it from designing Victorian Police sniper rifles (Australia)
I made another ammo crate storage thing.
MG2 Rapid Fire
What can your tell me about this gun
I sandblasted one of my uppers for shits and giggles. Might leave it as is unless theres some issue with corrosion
Kimber is releasing a revolver.
My first, and possibly my last, 5.56 AR15
Another customized SVD.
Mini Mauser in 7.62x39!
.300 Blackout IWI Tavor coming to SHOT Show
10k rounds through my Maadi since last cleaning
"As a woman, I just hope that one day I have as many rights as a gun does."
Still warm from her first time at the range (,:
Gun store owners in three different states talk about gun control
Idaho Centennial Winchester 94 (Gallery in comments)
With all this color fill going on
First time rifle owner (question)
Finally found them!
Anyone like stickers/decals? Vintage inspired Luger decal I had made.
"When guns are outlawed, only Republicans will have guns"
Got my new scope on my first rifle
I'm considering buying a pistol! Naturally, I thought I'd turn to reddit!
I just filed for an NFA trust on 199trust. What now?
Gun maintenance classes Texas
Sending my EOTech 512 back to factory for full refund because of the recent kerfuffle...suggestions for variable power scopes?
Talk to me about lights for an HD gun.
Some questions for CZ Scorpion owners.
Just bought a used Beretta 92FS *No pics yet*
Is there an alternative to black powder that creates less fouling for use in cartridge firearms?
Didn't like how fat/sharp my Seekins BAR was so I made some adjustments.
What gun should I get after Army service
What's the best handgun you can buy for around $1,000?
Parents will not let me store a gun in the house, any options?
Any trick to getting mainspring housing out of Ruger MK III?
Having a terrible time deciding between two great handguns. Could use any and all advise!!!!
Hearing protection suggestions.
Building my first AR need opinions
Sig Sauer P320's interchangeable frame/barrel/slide
What are the best gun related DVDs out there?
Rail on wooden hand guard?
Pistols with no safety trigger
Struggling to get a Denix replica Colt Peacemaker working.
Bersa Firestorm 380 incoming.... tips, tricks, and thoughts?
Issue with Aimpoint CompM4s cover
Does anybody have any experience with AERO carbines?
Deciding on an AK
I'm moving to Alaska and I'd like to get a good 'bush' pistol, but I'm not very knowledgeable on side-arms and could use your help!
Overview of my Colt 727 (M16A2 Carbine) clone
Brought home a Ruger Charger Synthetic (non-takedown) today
If anyone was wondering why Samco Global site has been down, they are up for auction.
First Glock leak from the 2016 SHOT Show: G17/19 MOS (cached "whoops" from americas1stfreedom.org) [x-post from/r/glocks]
Homemade Cannon Blasts Holes in Concrete
Mosin in its natural environment
Anybody know what the Velcro is for on my Comp-tac holster? Can't figure it out.
New shooter struggling Pt. 2
Are these more effective than hollow points for home defense? I'd be getting them in 9mm.
Sharing my AR build from last winter *green one. Nothing fancy it is a budget banger 7.62x39
Vickers Tactical 250k Subscriber GIveaway
Decided to try out some Brownells Aluma-Hyde 2 on my Walther P22
Inherited these guns... anything interesting?
My Newest Acquisition!
Obama's gun control actions open legal can of worms
Obama to close background checks loophole on gun show sales
Going for a Throwback day at the range this afternoon!
Just got in the new Ruger American Pistols, took a few comparison pictures.
My haul from the weekend gun show. S&amp;W 686 SSR
The first gun I ever purchased. 1944 Spreewerke P38.
Finished my first AR build and took it to the range.
My new SW1911 PC
Slow motion video of a defective Taurus accidentally discharging
Basic dead-relative backstory, any info?
So last night followed the advice on filling a logo without acetone. Thanks Reddit!
Assaultweapon.info, a great site for helping explain the difference between assault weapons and assault rifles, is currently down. If anyone knows the owner, please contact him or her so that we can get this valuable tool for education back!
Assault rifles.
First Full-Size Pistol
Just my 10/22 build
Recently fell in love with shooting and got to shoot these two recently.
So wrong in so many ways
Gun stocks are soaring as Obama proposes new gun control measures
NEWS: T-Mobile Employee with CCL shoots two armed robbery suspects
Need a new gun
Any Bushmaster ACR owners here? How is it?
My glocktobber purchase. Went for an modern art theme for the photo.
What is the penalty for illegally carrying a firearm?
Thinking about buying a customized sniper rifle. What would be a fair offering price?
Where to buy an EAA Windicator .38/.357 revolver online?
Is it possible to shoot the wrong ammo in a gun?
Hammer mounted firing pin vs. transfer bar
This might be fun.... Compare gun brands to car brands. (Idea stolen from the Glock/Toyota post)
Favorite Russian pistol?
The M&amp;P Shield Performance Center
Laser Engraving - Does it risk rust?
Doing a conceal carry survey
Rebarrel a Ruger M77 Hawkeye?
Question about pistol storage.
"Ruggedizing" the 10/22?
9mm NATO rounds in a brand new Beretta 92fs Brigadier
Failure with Sccy cpx-2
Need Optic Help for 10/22 (r/1022 failed me)
Trap Shooting Virgin
Why is my local FFL selling this SIG for $3700?
Looking for advice, or places to find good deals, for future purchase of a long rifle.
Picked up my first firearm - Mosin Nagant 91/30
First time selling(need Help/info)
First Time Gun Buyer In NJ -- Options?
Anyone have any experience selling brass?
Want to make sure I'm not missing anything for my first purchase (I read the FAQ)
VZ grips K/L Frame.
Is a 10/22 the best option for a target .22 rifle?
Where do you get your reloading supplies?
Sharp Brothers AR Lowers .. and experience?
Buying my first gun, where should I go?
What is a Charles Daly 300 HD modeled after?
SCAM ALERT - www.getlockednloaded.com
My Long Range Rig
My 2 SIGs. P229 and 1911 Extreme. Happy.
Bought some ammunition.
Follow-up: Sig p938 magazine dropping fix?
Concealed carry Ruger SuperHawk 454
J-frame love. My model 60 (top) and my lady's new model 63 (below) Happy anniversary &lt;3
Shotgun Ammunition
Latest Sportsman's Guide: Tactical paint can
HOW TO BUY A GUN ONLINE: VERY EASY
Certified Debater T-Shirt?
Winchester Model 61 - First rifle to use .22 WMR
Spotted at the Shot Show
New toy Howa 1500 in 22-250
Vickers Tactical 250k Subscriber GIveaway
More Bad News For California - California moves to ban ‘bullet buttons’ on semi-auto rifles
Second bullpup, first Israeli
A few more from the safe. I spared you the old rifles and shotguns in fear I might miss a detail about them.
Hickok45's Youtube Channel is down AGAIN
question: what are the magpul daka pouches intended for?
Something for every occasion
Marlin 336, my favorite lever action.
Finally got my hands on an xd mod 2 in .45
Savage 111 extended magazine
Completeing my first build from an 80% as well as an overview of the Vision Defense lower receiver and jig.
Deciding on my first AK in California
Arcus 98 Da (Hi-Power clone) bluing?
*Need Advice* Purchased used gun from reputable shop, Sheriff just confiscated it and said it was stolen
Why do gangsters love glocks so much?
Trying to track down a S&amp;W 1911.
B&amp;T TP9 (Civilian TMP) - Are they still being imported?
This is the thread where you discuss Facebook banning private gun sales.
Thoughts on a ruger LCP
Chiappa Rhino won't Double Action
Looking for advice on my first long range rifle
Looking to buy a Springfield Range Officer 1911. Any opinions?
Help with free float
Hey guys/girls. Proud gun owner here (Walther PPX, pics inside)... does anyone have any concrete evidence for or against guns being used for personal defense in the US? I have no agenda, I would just like some numbers!
Gunnit, what's your favorite conceal carry?
Is there any real difference in threading options for suppressors?
Looking for first handgun
That's not how bullets work guys...
Bandolier left green rings on my .38s. Should I be concerned?
Big brother and little brother.
All Quiet on the Western Front (or I'm bored in NoVA and can't go anywhere)
Can someone ID these shells, bullet, and clip found metal detecting near an old military base?
My new acquisition
What's better than one box of ammo?
Places To Buy Guns In Southern Utah
What can you guys tell me about this mauser?
Who can ID this? Weapon left behind by some spooked criminals.
First gun purchase as a broke college student, Maverick 88
It's like I don't even know who I am anymore. Is this what a mid-life crisis looks like?
can anyone identify this logo
Tried something different for target practice
First time shooting.
My Christmas present with a little customization
Can you legally remove a magazine limiter/blocker from a 30 round magazine purchased in Maryland if you remove the limiter while over the border?
CCI/Federal to increase 22lr production by 20% for 2016
Ballistic gel shot with ATOMIC hollow points shows the "wound channels" with "pull back" when shot in bare skin, while wearing polar fleece + tshirt, and four layers of denim.
My glock mags are damaged and stuck, please help!
S&amp;W 380 Bodyguard Update
What are your gun buying plans for 2016?
WA resident considering purchasing a handgun, but I'll be moving to CA within the next year- what do I need to know?
Is there a standard way of zeroing a red dot sight with respect to my front sight post, or do I zero it to my own personal liking?
Question: What would happen if an Individual built an NFA item accidentally without filing a Form 1?
Is there anything I need to know before getting a pistol permit in NY
The Navy SEALs Might Have Selected A New Pistol Of Choice
Thinking of purchasing a break open shotgun, got some questions
I'm considering getting an FFL as a small side job and was wondering if anyone here has done so and can give me some tips on the process.
How big is a crate of 250 12 ga shells?
Are there any ways to upgrade a Ruger 9e?
SHOT SHOW: 2016 - RACE TO MARKET!
Need info on the KRISS Vector with long barrel
Looking for affordable Gun Blanks
Anyone know approx value of Winchester 101 O/U Shotguns. Olin Kroshenda (Pics within)
Anyone own the Ruger SP101? Could use some input.
FNX-45 vs HK45 vs Walther PPQ45?
Gun store BS of the week
Shipping a CZ82 to get refinished
I hope none of you bought one of those vintage, $500.00 Federal Ordinance 10/22 underfolders.......
Thinking about getting a 1911 22lr conversion kit
LC9S vs. LC380
AR-9 Buffer Question
1911 owners, I'm having a problem with reassembly.
I may have screwed up when I sold my gun. Can someone help me?
1968 Browning Sweet 16
Has anybody used Lothar-Walther Mauser k98k barrels before?
Legality of shipping demilled "deactivated" German weapons?
Used police Glock 23 .40 vs new M&amp;P Shield 9mm?
Winchester bulk .22 problems?
Conceal Carry Weapon - Thoughts.
Taylor Tactical 1911A1 and a 1947 Willys Jeep
SHOT show minigunning
Behold: The M60 E6 Machine Gun
Full-Auto Friday! Quick Overview of the Lage Max-11 Mac-11 Upper Receiver.
Dirty RMR glock 19 w/x300
She Has Enemies
Meprolight M21 Reflex sight.
This is a great site if you're looking for a not too expensive gun safe.
My first AR pistol!
Have dog-will travel
After a long wait-I receive this awesome little gun yesterday!
This is my first AR build, accompanied by my favorite pistol and German Shepherd.
My first handgun
Happy 2016, don't be stupid this year.
Had a day off work so I decided to clean all my mags. Handguns are next. Long guns last.
Bought my second gun, next is a 1911
Is it worth getting light pitting cleaned off the barrel?
SHOT Show - Elite Defense Debuts Specter Holographic Combat Optic by Elcan
My Favorite Pistol: Sig Sauer P226 Navy
what are some guns you'd recommend a beginner try at a shooting range to really improve their accuracy and get better with other guns? How much experience is needed to fire an AR?
How real is the threat of lead poisoning at ranges?
My first rifle:Remington 783
My 1911 failed a 10-8 function test, what does this mean?
H&amp;R barrels? Trade?
1942 8mm Mauser care advice
Springfield 1911 grip emblem hunt - any help appreciated.
Advice for a first time AR-15 buyer
Gun safe in a detached garage? Terrible idea?
The new P210A Sig USA does it again. Ruins yet another classic pistol.
Official Politics Thread 20 January 2016
Why I ALWAYS check any bullet before I load it.... from now on...
A2 rear sight installation issues
Bought a Lee Enfield and need some clarifying
First shotgun - bird hunting - any tips?
AR-15 owner From CT who moved to Long Island
870 home defense
What type of pattern / spread would you expect to see out of a typical 18 inch barreled home defense shotgun with birdshot?
Mossberg 500 Chokes
1st pistol purchase?
Can you guys help solve a crime?
NJ shooters what is the best way a noob can learn long range shooting in North NJ? limited ranges and limited yardage
Advice on guns
So Barrett is making double barrel shotguns now.
What Would You Do if You Had to Start Over?
Help identifying/care of mystery target rifle.
Tavor SAR customization
Almost final. My AR10 build I started 2 months ago.
Best complete 5.56 rifle on the market for under $1200?
Illinois resident purchasing handgun through private gun sale in Kentucky.
Accidentally bought short .22 rounds. Can i fire these in my rifle? Are there any good pistols out there that that will fire these?
The wife went to pick up dinner!
Charles T. Colard Double Action Pinfire Revolver
My first long gun, a less traditional Ruger 10/22
Finally added the CZ 2075 RAMI BD to my rotation
[Identify this Pistol] My grandfather gave me an antique flintlock pistol. What is it?
HOW TO USE MIL DOTS FOR RANGING TARGETS
Finished my first build, shot it, and took pictures of it.
Safariland 6004 DFA Piece
Budget rifle in the truest sense (sorry for the potato)
Just bought my first gun, Sig P320. Now I just have to wait 6-8 months until New York lets me actually touch it.
The Gewehr 1888
President Obama Pushes to Increase Gun Buyer Background Checks
My brand new Sig MCX!!
Hammerli 280 Twins (from the garage)
"You...you're the one who ordered that pink fucking lower, ain't ya." Yes. Yes, i am.
Ruger M77 question (details in comments)
How to Colour Fill Gun Logos with Nail Polish
Good case study in emotional reaction being re-directed to gun control
My Very First Handgun- The H&amp;K USP 45 V1
Chris Kyle's widow writes a very well written op-ed for CNN on gun control
.22 scope on a bolt action .223?
My M1 Garand (IH, Mfg May 1953)
Turn in your assault weapons you spoiled Americans.
Thickheaded Thursday: Shitpost Saturday Edition
Part time gun hobby, need help deciding about which rifle to get next.
Anyone here have experience with the Diamandback DB15 CCB model AR-15?
Looking for a new 9mm for conceal and carry
Im looking for a semi auto rifle in .308 any suggestions?
Question about 870 Wingmaster Magnum
Looking for a bedroom gun safe for my EDC.
Best conceal carry sub $500?
Official Politics Thread 4 January 2016
With no CLEO sign off, how will purchasing NFA items work now?
.22 bolt action rifle
Bought my first gun, what else do I need?
Will 9mm ruger rounds work in my m&amp;p shield 9?
Where to get .25-35 WIN ammo?
I have a problem
Anyone a member of a gun club where certain members are given a pass on following the rules?
Assessing proper ejector tension in push-feed rifle
Kalishnikov USA moving to Florida
Sometimes you gotta change it a bunch.
Questions about whether shooting a Unique pistol will devalue it. (crosspost to /r/1911)
Well Sh*t. Couldn't pass this baby up.
A "Real" Springfield 1911
Pre-war Mauser detail search
Added a Shield 9mm to my collection today.
A few interesting bang sticks
Display case for an old revolver
A Fine Target Gun, The Winchester Model 52D
My new Ruger SR1911
Didn't go to SHOT Show, I'm just going to release this here. Introducing the GatCrank 15, AR-15 Trigger Actuator.
Del-Ton DTI my first build!
Gun Control showed up in Federal Register Recently. We have 3/11/2016 to Comment. [x post from gunpolitics]
.38 Derringer double barrel. $50?
Could someone identify this handguard?
Ooooh good, we are posting M39s. Check mine out!
Little bit of 7.62x25 action
Five Stamp Friday
Poppin' Old Eggs with a 9mm XD
thinking about this for my first AR
They multiplied again...
Hickok45 appears to be back online
FX IMPACT AIRGUN UK SPEC - FACTORY TOUR - FIRST LOOK
I see a lot of rimfire, and a lot of FDE on r/guns at the moment. Can my little 10/22 SBR play too?
Received grandads Model 94 for Christmas. How should I spruce up the stock?
My HK45 w/ Surefire
Ruger American Pistol review and field strip (first time doing one for my new job working at a range here in NC Jump to 3:20 for the gunsmith taking it apart)
Browning sure knows how to make 'em
Kimber K6s Revolver
Walther CCP vs Glock 17 gen4?
Wheelgunner's First Automatic
Should I shoot a vintage rifle with all matching parts?
Something for this occasion
Marlin 336 30-30, or Remington 700 in a 30-06 or 308? (for game)
Lexington, Ma - the birthplace of our country's revolution and militia looks to ban guns. The irony seems unreal.
This cool motherfucker
The Gunshow Loophole Myth explained.
New EDC Para Expert Carry 1911 45 ( story in comments)
If you could pick 4 calibers, what would they be?
Anyone have any suggestions for a decent xy vise that is cheapish?
!!!The best way to use a gun!!!
핸드폰소액*정보이용료*상품권 ((비트머니)) 010//4676//2555 카톡yes255
Wildey is back....
Beretta A400 Extreme not shooting 3 shot and sometimes 2 shot? Any quick fixes?
Interchangeable rifle/pistol/thing?
Practical difference between .500 S&amp;W and .45-70 out of a carbine?
Dan Wesson Specialist vs. STI Duty One 5.0
Recently turned 21, applying for pistol permit. How can I find an instructor to teach me how to safely handle gun?
Subtle 2nd amendment apparel?
1903A3 Chambering Issue
(x-post /r/1911) Does anyone have suggestion on improving accuracy of compact 1911?
MA LTC Questions
Last stages of deciding: SR22 or P250 in .22?
FS 2000 or Tavor? Which Bullpup is the best?
AR barrel thread pattern
Recommendations on a long range hunting rifle.
Those who fly with firearms regularly, I have a quick question.
Gun show this weekend, what should I look to get for ~$350?
Looking for a cheap .22lr plinker, ran into some trouble
Anyone reload 458 socom? If so what do you have the price per round at?
Picking first gun for earthquake kit- research suggests an AR, any other ideas?
Why .22 caliber magazines are so low capacity?
What kind of sight is this? It seems to have three rings
Finished up my P938 build today
Kimber REeVOLVE
Project Space Gat
Obama: Mass Shootings only happen in America
The NRA Rewrote Little Red Riding Hood, And It's As Disturbing As You Think.
My grandfather's Winchester Model 1892 that he passed onto me.
Home defense, concealed carry, &amp; childhood dream gun. You?
I started out just wanting something to take to the range, and accidentally ended up with a collection
Glassed the Mosin today.
Remington 870 MCS SBS + AOW collection: 6", 10", 14", 18")
Finally got a worthy 308 for my collection
I found my father in law's old Marlin model 81 in the barn and had a friend of mine refurbish it. I think he did a pretty good job.
Well, guess I'm switching from 5.56 to .50
Please identify lever action .22
Colt Single Action Army Revolver Help
First AR a present to myself, ddm4v5 and an Aimpoint pro
Custom Glock 19 and Tactical CRKT knife
If someone you know who is against guns complains about their freedoms being trampled on, send them this.
Comedian Goes Undercover to Test Out the ‘Gun Show Loophole’ — Watch How Gun Sellers React to Requests | Video
WWII era exploding ammo tested (Youtube - first successful test after 9:00)
Opinions on Glock 43?
(X-Post /r/1911) Looking for tips and advice for DIY Cerakote on a 1911 build
I have about 10 firearms that are not in working condition and would like to break them down and sell the parts, bolts, stocks, internals parts of shotguns, barrels ect. any suggestions on best place to get rid of parts.
Would this be considered a concealed wepon?
Sort of "group buy" for AR parts?
Armslist, you've done it again
Best quick holster for a S&amp;W M&amp;P 9mm with TLR-1s?
Opinions on savage 112 competition stock
9mm or .45 for first time pistol owner?
"Minute Man" Go-Bag
Just purchased a Savage .338 Win Mag rifle, I had some recoil suppression questions?
Anybody use the Majestic Arms Speed Strip Match Grade kit?
Ruger's customer service doesn't suck
First Gun: IWI Jericho 941 9mm
PSA: If you buy guns with a credit card, know your benefits.
I have never shot a bolt action, but am looking for a new rifle and have a good deal on a bolt action 30-06 ... Should I bite?
I want to build a lightweight bolt gun. Where do i start?
Needing help choosing a gun for a charity auction
Bullpup bolt action?
Moronic Monday 1/11/15
Tikka T3 Lite .243 Barrel Twist
SCAR 17s optic options
Good Complete lower Receivers?
How many tactical rappers?
Customizing a Ruger AR-556 with Magpul modifications - What do I need?
Handed down Winchester model 250 .22 with some wiggle in fudd parts (will post pics when I get it all cleaned up)
Help me pick an Ak platform please
Savage Model 64 Disassembly - Manual says to squeeze the trigger AKA dry fire before removing the stock?
Just ordered Tech Sights for my 10/22 TD. Installation tips?
Building ar pistol questions (pa)
Help with spring not trapping trigger pin on 92fs
What 10/22 receiver is this?
Any thoughts on Beretta's ARX 100?
Ruger LC9s Pro Woes... Again
What is the best way to deal with being right-handed but left-eye dominant?
Cheapest PTR-GI online?
(Suggestions?) Walther P22, or something similar in .22?
Will it pop? Weekend Gunnit is best Gunnit
Is 250$ a good deal for a Mossberg 590A1?
I hear ya like old German guns
Freshly Cerakoted Custom Springfield Loaded 1911
Remington 550-2A Gallery Gun
Mossberg 500C - Urban Warfare Mods
Finished my 80% based budget AR Pistol Build.
PSA: Ruger LCP MSRP dropped by $120, new price $259
Hickok45 is down again
First hand gun had it for sometime thought I'd share it. G19 gen4
This was the emergency gun procedure placard on the control console of the 5" guns on my boat
Silly things at the nation's gun show
DRT now makes a 9mm aluminum TMJ training round, its kinda armor piercing
My wait is finally over! Bought my Ruger Precision Rifle in 6.5
My newly updated, small collection
OATH expanding fragmenting shotgun round. Junk round?
A 40 pound girl getting ready to shoot a 32 pound M82.
Millennial’s split on gun control; in favor of shooting sports
3M Peltor TEP-100 "Tactical" Digital Earplugs - Anybody use these?
A Turkish Potato
Facebook, Instagram Will Ban Private Gun Sales That Bypass Background Checks
A look at AR15 my build so far (x-post /r/ar15)
My mother's AR15 at the range. I'm a proud son.
Washington State introduces bill to ban "assault weapons"
Do I need a license or anything to take gunsmith classes?
My Craigslist Conceal Carry Companion
TIL Federal Premium Ammunition makes 4 Mil. .22 lr rounds each day.
Question: What are some mid-cost gun safes with shelves?
I have some guns my dad willed to me, and I want to know what to expect to get for them when I sell them.
Galil experts needed.
[question] my gunvault 500 gunsafe battery died and I lost the keys...
s it possible to get "body kits" for guns like you can for cars?
Need some help buying my first gun.
Personal Firearms Record requirement for C&amp;R holders
Are Glocks the Toyotas of guns brands?
[Gun History] How old is the idea and practice of loading shotguns with rock salt?
Scope Storage Suggestions - BSA Sweet 22
Do I need to alter the gas system for my Remington 1100 for slugs/buck?
Looking for a couple pistol recommendations
Psa check out question
What is horizontal recoil?
First build from an 80%, need some advice.
My top five dream guns share yours!
Mosins driving gun pricing?
Steel challenge Matches
Looking for a revolver shaped ID tag for my dog.
Question about edc.
Looking for new gun for my bug out bag.
Looking for my first and probably only handgun, what would you recommend?
Need help identifying a smith and Wesson .38 special revolver
Truglo TFO or Trijicon HD for my carry gun?
Kel-tec PF9 magazines
I finished my holster for my 1911. I guess there's no accounting for taste.
Where did the K31's go?
AR-15 build, selector issue and now stuck
Who makes this revolver?
Just started on this. Any suggestions?
Guns made of meteorite
Don't mind me, just hopping on the shitpost train with my latest rifle!
Sig Sauer Echo 1 Thermal Reflex Sight
CZ scorpion black to #brown
Kalashnikov cranking up AK-47 factory in Florida!
Grand Fathers Weapons
Found this old Bolt-Action Rifle at Grandpas. Wondering What it is.
Incredible Super Slow Motion Bullet Impact! - M855A1
My New FNX-45 Tactical
