Warzone Constant Losses...
Question on halo 5 campaign
Post your Forge map and I'll review it!
Early quitters need to be handled in a more productive way that discourages the behavior.
How was this not a capture?
In an hour, I'll be hosting Forge.World's "Tuesday Night Tests"! Anyone that wants to have a map tested is free to join.
Dear Teams of 3 in Arena, Scoreboard + B button = Game chat, sincerely yours, alienated 4th with a mic
I Request a Mercy Rule
A question concerning Scorpions.
I'm a casual Halo player, but I just played an amazing match and have got to share it
Getting booted from a game as it starts?
Halo 2 bugs in MCC
Is the H5 pistol better than the Reach pistol?
How often do you actually report players for quitting,AFK,etc.?
[New Viewer] Why isn't there A Broadcasting Mode?
Dear 343: Now that the in-game community is thriving, how about Weekly Favourites?
Stuck On "Retrieving Data"
[Question] Audio Files
In a Ranked experience where MMR doesn't exist, how can a Gold player in Team Arena end up against an Onyx and Diamond Player?
343's treatment of Game Modes has been a little disrespectful to the community.
[Request] May we please have the ability to take a picture of our maps to be previewed in the pre-game lobby?
So custom game options will drop eventually, how about including Forge REQ weapons in that update?
Question about ranks:
Comprehensive list of useful tools/third party apps and subs for Halo 5
Shields and Health in Halo 5
Why haven't they brought in music into Forge?
After not playing H5 for a month I came back and during 4v4 CTF some guy got OVER 60 kills!
What would be considered good accuracy in Halo 5?
[GiveAway] Halo 5 Guardians Supply REQ Pack
New YouTube channel, what sort of content would you want?
Spartans trained in ballet?
Just watched the Halo 5 opening cutscene.
Is there a way to recreate Halo 3 Recon armor in Guardians?
Great post I saw on Waypoint.
[Forge] Glitch with cylinder primitives
Is there a guide that will tell you what REQs come from what level of packs?
What's the logic in temporary Playlists?
Legendary bottle opener - I combined my love of Halo and beer!
Ultimate Halo made a video about Halo Lobbies, and it's damn good!
Yet another insane clip by Hyena
Gungoose madness
The endless clip
When you use that Legendary Warzone RP boost
My assassination just... stopped?
Saved at the last possible second from assasination
DAE make car sounds when sprinting?
New Breakout allows the impossibly fast flag cap
"They just picked up OS, don't let them get pit"
Okay so it doesn't work like that.
So, I wake up, play some Halo until my friends come pick me up, go to the bar, and...MORE HALO!
I didn't know Mantis' could fly
I'll take care of this!
Ninja Removed from Team Liquid
3 Shot BR Perfect Kill
MAN CANNON PLS? - Epic Fail.
How to play Truth with Snipedown and Lunchbox from EG
Really easy use Chrome extension for capturing clips from live Twitch streams - Check it out!
Halo 5 Average Man's Montage
Solace - Truly an under appreciated piece of Halo 4's ost
Solo Player Warzone Tips
[Forge] Tutorial : Launch Pad
My spartan boarded a destroyed ghost.
Energy Sword Killtrocity to secure Warzone Assault win
[OC] I made a painting to surprise my boyfriend, he insisted I should share it here
Infinity armor launch trailer
He Wanted a Low Rida, So I Gave Him One
X-Games Ghost Big Air
Well... That's One Way to Kill a Gungoose...
Lift out of order ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When you use an Ultra Rare Random Vehicle and get a Warthog. Seriously. Fuck you, 343.
Issues with Halo 5 Machinima
Why Halo is fun
Hey guys, I am Addam from Spartan School! I am currently streaming some live gameplay and will be doing replay analysis on some games, sort of like in my videos! If you're interested in strategy talk, come hang out.
Who says there aren't any multispartan air vehicles?
Halo 5 coming to XGames Aspen
Trying to make the Arbiter proud (Killing things with mah swad)
Halo Reach for $5 on Amazon for those new to the series
The perfect Ground Pound?
I literally didn't even know he was behind me.
Douchebag Warden
I got as lucky as ever when i decided to turn around mid air.
It's Mr. Steal your kill (and your life)
Halo 5: Guardians - Epic Betrayal on Raging Player!
This is from the Halo 5 Beta, but it's probably one of the coolest ninjas I've ever done.
First Post : Custom Weapon Skins I Made
What a pleasant surprise. (Triple Ground Pound)
When you're the only one who knows where the scattershot is on the rig
My team was matched up with another team, but nowhere near the same skill level...
Sweet Ross find! I thought the blue team was the Enforcer type helmet but it was just the Mark VI upside-down lol WIN
All Halo CE maps have been faithfully remade in Halo 5!
Triple Kill 26 kill victory free for all. Sometimes everything lines up.
How to easily get Combat Evolved Medal on a few different maps.
Got my first swat overkill!
Kansas City-based Halo 5 4v4 tournament using HCS rules
In light of recent events with HaloFollower i found this
"Guillotine" a one minute BTB montage
i love it when a plan comes together
[FORGE] Hog Chase
Orion-class Assault Carrier and RCS-class Armored Cruiser coming to Halo: Fleet Battles
HELP: Purchased REQ bundle not appearing + receiving a "You have reached your daily limit of 0 forum posts" message on Waypoint forums
Is Warzone Assault on Array broken or is it just me?
3 Hours of forging.. *Poof*! (+ 1:1 Avalanche Remake Photos)
I'd rather complain about balancing gametypes than complain about not having gametypes.
Choke with a fitting reaction
When you carry your team in Arena and then this happens...
Well, this was pretty Spooky. Anyone Know What Happened?
Halo Mega Bloks Collectable Figures - Speed Build
(Breakout)Last man standing overkill
Australians cant accept this anymore! 343 please fix the game so we can play it fully.
Why does a F2P game like Halo Online have more content than a game we paid for?
Spartan Company Internet Beacon!!
Least favorite map and why?
Weekend....rocket party? Are you kidding me 343?
That was a first
Anyone going to mention this new vehicle gold pack?
Looking for fellow Spartans to join my Spartan Company to get the Achilles Armour!
343, please add back Smart-Link (quick zoom) to RS
Halo matchmaking down right now ?
Did the recent Xbox Live outage make anyones controller disconnect?
question about halo 5 controls
Req system not working?
Mantis Breakout
gamechalleg.es - A website I built for creating, tracking and attempting hardcore user created game modes (ex. LASO)
lvl 80. Still not a single DMR certification.
Theater Mode Glitch
What's with Custom Games? We can't start with a large number of players.
Winning games and losing CSR
343 Thing the community wants which is the easiest fix, ever.
We deserve a New Halo 5 Campaign
Are there any UI updates coming with Infinity's Armory?
Does anybody else feel this way about getting kills stolen?
[Forge] "Hack" - Chillin' with the Civilian Car
How do I end splitscreen in MCC?
No one in Weekend Rocket Party?
Opinion on Community Breakout Maps
I know what the plot of Halo 6 needs to be.
Can't save/watch Forge films in Theater
So where are the community maps from the title screen?
Battle of Noctus Boss Spawn Locations and Times
Halo Reach population on XboxOne??
Thanks 343, I just got a DMR skin but I dont have any DMR's actually unlocked
Despite all the frustrating things 343 has done, Halo 5's gameplay is top notch.
Been off of Halo for a while. Does no one play MCC anymore?
343i, you messed up on "Stop Stabbing Yourself"
Bulltrue's in Halo 5
Looking for people to give me ideas on this map
I'm a quitter, and there needs to be harsher penalties.
Xbox DVR question
Halo 4 recreation maps on halo 5?
Halo Reach: A sick man's observations
It's been said before but I'll say it again, we *NEED* Daily/Weekly challenges!
Should I get Halo 5?
Halo World Championships LIVE UK Finals @ the Gfinity Arena start Friday and run throughout the weekend! Check it out!
Does halo 5 have a good forge system?
Team specific forge/custom game options?
Unbalanced matches
Can I stop being matched against teams of 3 or 4 in ranked playlists?
Warzone Legendary Gambit: AI Kills
Is this the fastest way to snipe someone?
Why do people rapid crouch in mid-air?
helmets/armor pieces with stars next to them?
[Idea] "Target" Forge objects that duplicate the auto-aim caused by Spartans
New to Halo 5. Where do I download custom maps?
How to get Mark IV armor in Halo 5 Guardians?
Does anyone use VOIP or am I doing something wrong?
I am the noob harvest
Damage Boost + Sniper Rifle = Nornfang
What goes through my head when I'm searching for a match in MCC
Playing against I Pingy I. Did not expect to see this
Musical Chairs
Dear 343i, please tell your flavor text writer how apostrophes work.
How to start a warzone assault game
Go ahead, take it.
I should have died here.
The Hydra is absolutely relentless
INSANE Prophet's Bane plus 4 Speed Boosts
My MP menu glitched and gave me this playlist screen? Doesn't match any playlist or Warzone I've seen before. Some playlist to do with AI?
5 minutes of Warzone Assault's biggest problem. x2
[Help] Unable to join friends and friends unable to join me
Unexpected headshot
Spartan Shield
When you have all cards you have alot of left over req points.
Bunnies Jumps: Plaza
Matchmaking Teammates.
Team of 12 plays Warzone. Jesus.
Spawn REQ, Lose REQ, Fight to get REQ back = Made Luck
Anyone else wish 343 put in the effort to make something like this for Halo 5?
I give the landing 10/10.
[Forge] Warthog Sumo
Accidentally found a spot outside of Summit that you can stay alive on!
[FORGE] I finished my Halo 2, 'The Arbiter' inspired 2v2 map 'Gas Mine' (with improvements from feedback)
If you enjoy Strategy discussion, you might enjoy this! - How to slow down the game, get the ball back in your court, and start mounting a comeback!
"You spin me right round baby, right round..."
The Right Spartan in the Wrong Place
MARK V DOESN'T DESERVE THIS 343!!!
The new Carbine (Rain of Oblivion) is amazing!
This could not have gone much better.
122 pages (and growing) and barely 3 months later... Nothing.
Suppressor Variants in January's Update
GameCheat: Halo Reach Cutscenes at 60FPS (Simulated)
The final game is just some of the best Halo ever
They really DID fix the splatter mechanics in Halo 5
[Halo Online] Eldewrito 0.5.0 released with The Pit, Sandtrap, and various other maps ported from the official beta.
Ground Pound Galore (FFA)
When Halo doesn't let you stop playing custom games.
First time holding the controller in a few days, got warmed up pretty fast I guess.
Time for INFECTION!! (H2 Old School Zombies Style)
Bring back the Lock it up Guy
A YouTube channel you can rely on. Good content, good play.
Anyone know the title of the OST thats playing at this part of the E3 gameplay.
Fast and Lucky Shot
Custom Game play Vids
Quick strongholds gameplay (Forgot to record first part) what can I do to improve?
Patience is Virtue. Arclight is Bae.
Oni Chain-gun Slaughter (killonare)
I made Master Chief
OscarTheGreat21 playing Halo 5: Guardians
Things not to do during combat...take a nap
Epsilon beat Infused and top leaderboard ahead of UK LAN finals
Combat form made a fool out of me for my stealthy Elite kill.
He has been chosen as sacrifice. Bid him farewell spartan.
Unacceptable. Unacceptable. Absolutely unacceptable.
Where do you think you're going
I went to check a guy's warzone record and WTF
Will Halo 6's story affect its multiplayer? (Spoilers)
Player recreates Princess Peach's castle from Super Mario 64 in Halo 5's Forge
Overkill to take the lead
Free supply req pack if anyone wants it! Enjoy
Where did the "FlyEaglesFly" text underneath my Spartan ID come from?
Made an energy sword nickel
I see everyone showing off these cool forge maps. How do I play them?
Looking for a company
(Forge) The Pit for Halo 5.
I still can't believe it
MCC Not working... again.
343, ban me all you want, but I will keep quitting. So long as...
There's a lot of unjustified hate with Halo 5, but their problem with the servers are completely inexcusable.
[RANT] Just played the worst game of Warzone
Playable Elites teased in X-Games CLG vs. EG break
Gravity Hammer in February!
Anyone have a Spartan Company that I can join?
FUCK EVERY PLAYER THAT LOSE ON PURPOSE
Halo Online: Play Halo 3 Multiplayer on PC - Includes The Pit, Narrows, Guardian, and a Server Browser!
Spartan Company with the sole purpose of getting Achilles.
The Office of Naval Intelligence clan represents everything wrong with the Halo community.
Great stuff in the daily win pack!
Headlong over the years
Party, halo, of 4
Are the HALOverse and DC universe one and the same?
Warzone variant with weapon pickups?
#HaloForCrazed Charity Livestream Announcement
Why the REQ penalty for join in progress?
Is MCC worth getting right now?
Let's talk about the evolution of Halo for a minute.
Can Fotus be unlocked through req like Hellioskrill?
Unable to join Warzone?
Anyone else think camo shouldn't be in Breakout?
Why did they take out the social playlist?
#HaloWC North American Qualifier #5 happening today! X-games next weekend!
As happy as I am about new maps coming.. Did we need another industrial map?
Favorite Halo game and why?
Serious question/debate: Why do people just not play this game correctly?
Can't move in Forge
What issues remain with MCC?
Good maps for practicing aim skills?
Assault game type
Why is it exponentially harder to find community maps/game types as opposed to Reach and Halo 3?
What popular map have you hated?
PSA: Wait with spending your REQ points.
Team Arena Break Out = Worst Idea 343 Has Ever Had
January update?
is Warzone is losing its appeal to the solo player?
Drop breakout from Arena playlist
Please fix chat settings...
Chamber Omega- A Teleporter Maze, Map Preview
Riptide Appreciation Thread
Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I think I have an idea as to why there was so much missing content at launch...
Halo 4 File Share without Halo 4 or a 360
Does anyone know any good halo 3 twitch streamers?
Connection Issues since Playlist Update
Spartan's Incredible Plasma Stick vs Team Liquid
Keep a tight formation! Double Vehicle kills.
Team Slayer Rockey Alley Oop! (Pegasus)
Croyt's Rage (An H2 Classic)
Random teammates, I take back all the bad things I've ever said about you
Halo Still Isn't The Esport It Could Be, But ESPN Might Help
Meet my little world destroyer "Halo!"
Dumb luck, dumber teammates
Submit your map for this weekends Customs Event | Saturday 8PM EST
The Pit, Narrows, High Ground, Last Resort, Sandtrap &amp; Standoff on PC in one video. So much nostalgia! (Halo Online)
I think my SMG is shooting blanks. :( [Breakout]
REKT (disturbing H4 short)
Missed any of the X Games for Halo? Get a full recap now!
Ghost Ultra + Damage Boost
Say Hello to my little Friend (Voids Tears is OP)
No vehicle zone
Spawning Bug on Stormbreak in Warzone Assault
Is anyone making or already have a Sky Castle forge map/game type?
I shouldn't be alive
"Frogger" Arcade Game Made in Halo5
Self Portait composition as a UNSC Spartan IV.
Out of the map on Recurve (BTB)
Can we expect a Halo 2 BR SWAT gametype in the near future?
Shurima - 2v2 Original Map by Xdemption (xpost r/forge)
When to Charge
Alien Trunks by John Wallin Liberto (xpost /r/ImaginaryWildlands)
Holy Shit it works!!! Ad Victoriam is Bae &lt;3
Nice drag scope to finish an overkill
Pretty sure I just sunk through the ground via a space time singularity.
Anyone Remember the MLG 2006 NYC playoffs: FB up 4-1 then lost 6-5 vs Carbon.
Halo 5 - Warzone Stats: Ghost Squad
How to Destroy the Core EASY
Whiplash Time!!! Nevermind....
New Intermediate REQ?
Clutch Defense feat. surprise ending
Enjoying the New Update
Now thats what I call loyalty Blue Team!
New Forge canvases and pre-built structures are confirmed!
I made a Sentinel that moves.
Is there a creator on MCC that has redone some Halo 3 racetracks?
What is the quickest way to gather req points aside from selling items?
Meet Sammy, the friendly Promethean soldier.
I went against "me" today
Unofficial Halo: Online mod (Eldewrito 0.5.0) brings six of the best maps from Halo 3 to PC: High Ground, Last Resort, Narrows, Standoff, The Pit, and Sandtrap
3 bursts, 4 kills
I did no such thing...but I'll take it!
Spent 2 hours creating a Halo emblem on Black Ops 3
My first time use of the Plasma Caster!
75 kills - Banshee Unfrigginbelievable + Gauss Killpocolypse
A twitchy SWAT killpocolypse
343, we need an online file browser ASAP!
I would like to give a Shout out to my favorite 343 Employee! The Head of the UGC team TOM FRENCH!
Halo 5 Duck Hunt by SexyMasterChief
This map is an absolute mindfuck (Perplexity by /u/Scootiee_)
The Dirtiest Flank Ever!
Bring Back The Space Diaper 2016
Hey, I needed that.
Infinity's Armory Preview
Drivable Boat !
Unfair skill matchmaking
Free Halo 5 Supply Req Pack code. First come, first served.
Why do people like this exist?
Someone in Elite: Dangerous found Reach from Halo! • X-Post from /r/xboxone
PSA: You don't have to be in party chat.
Is there an official statement from 343 regarding why playlists like Snipes, Doubles, Social, Objective, etc. aren't permanent?
Can't play bookmarked game types?
Random Disconnects
The Pro community are currently in favour of switching to H2 BR starts for season 2 of the HWC.
343i's Work Ethic The Age Old Complaint...
Forge Friday needs your help!
Co-Op Achievements
Brief Whispered Truth (amazing, ultra rare pistol) Showcase - One of the best guns :)
Need someone to add a Neutral Spawn point to my map so I can continue to edit it!
If we want Infection back, ALL OF US need to show 343 that we want it!
Looking for some players :)
Game stole my Req points!
Basin is the most claustrophobic Valhalla "re-make" ever.
Add me if you play custom forged matches.
My Company is open for people wanting to help us build toward the Achilies Armor!
Broadcasting onyx slayer all day on twitch
Halo 3 Waypoint 'Have Not Yet Played This Game'
I just want my daily REQ, sob
If you have Halo Reach on Xbone, XBL Gold is not required to play multiplayer
Feedback regarding ranks and season length
ODST audio log issues
Either the Mantis needs to be buffed or it's rarity needs to go down
343, Why do I get punished for not wanting to get decimated for 10 minutes?
New fommunity breakout playlist is a blast.
What is one small thing in Halo 5 that someone may not know about that could improve our game?
Keep getting booted out of games as if it crashed. Anyone else experiencing this?
Emblems before before moving onto Gold Req Packs?
[Question] Does Halo 5 get the "shitty servers"?
This issue hasn't been brought up at all. Chat lobby's bravo?
Did They Nerf Ground Pounds?
Which H5 Lockout remake is best?
What is your favourite song in Halo 5's soundtrack and why?
Same single map again, then again, and again. 343 Please fix the map rotation!
Have a question about hosting a Halo 5 LAN party, I would love some advice
Does the snipers playlist have a beam rifle variant?
Does anyone else think that vehicles suck now?
The new Breakout maps are beautiful and awesome
How to Fix People Bailing on Matches
How do I get a gold/yellow visor?
When you're offline, the only thing you can play is campaign. Why not forge, theater or custom games?
Good bye nostalgia: A fair look at developer productivity (map production Bungie / 343i)
Speculation: I think this month Halo 5 will get forge maps in a public playlist.
Feedback from a loyal Halo fan
Can we please get the vehicle spawn for defenders moved outside the fortress on Summit in warzone assault?
When will we see a fileshare browser?
[Completed] Crosscut Tavern - 4v4 Slayer &amp; 8-player FFA Urban map inspired by Turf
it doesnt seem worthwhile to use any req card in warzone.
Trouble Joining Others in Arena
Warzone Disconnects? Not Internet-Related
Is it just me, or are a lot of Warzone games going much, much faster?
Looking to join a spartan company to get the Achilles Armor Set!
Does anyone else get obscenely cold hands while playing
Infinity Armory Update.
Match making situation is so bad in Australia that top teams are using VPN's just to match against North American players
Would anybody be interested in a Team Snipers playlist with Sniper and Beam Rifle start?
Is somthing going on with the servers?
Teamwork and headsets
Seriously 343i tell us what the **** you guys working on
What is your usual reaction to being T-bagged?
Warzone bundle Question
Halo 2 vista still alive?
Warzone skill based???
How do I know when I finish bronze REQs?
I still wish they would change up names and spawn times of AI.
What are your go to Warzone loadouts for each Req level?
Suggestions for playlist system.
Constant Disconnections
Bob Do1e presents: The Golden Rules of the Hog.
Fire Fight should come back as DLC for Halo 5 sometime. They could reuse the Warzone Assault maps with some minor tweaks, then just add the AI enemies.
Advanced Controller Settings to feel like past games
Forge Friday customs night!
There should be an Ultra Rare/Legendary Assassanation where you literally T-Bag a Spartan to death
[Forge] Is there a possibility of more canvas maps?
Spartan teabags Ace at the HWC '16 | With commentator/chat reactions!
Max REQ points and XP per Hour GUIDE
Literally shouted "get fucked" at my TV after hitting this
I can't wait for Ricochet to come back! Here's my favorite goal I ever scored.
Constant Halo Content on YouTube (Trying to get my name out there)
Can someone explain how the hell this happened?
Wraith to Banshee to Warden
Aw Snap Snap Snap
You're not getting away this time!
Halo 5 Sound Swap with CE
COME WITH ME IF YOU WANT TO LI- Oh, nevermind.
So 343, when are we getting Recon Alpha?
When your sniper is on matrix-tier levels
Halo 5 (Race) Map Feature - Fizzy Lifting Sphinx
I still see a lot of people taking the flag in the wrong direction in Breakout. PSA: take it to the enemy base!
Do Splatters even exist anymore?
Ending a Warzone Match
As Promised -- Here is an Overview of Weak Spots for Each Vehicle
Taking the monument back with a running riot
Nornfang/Whispered Truth Gameplay
CTF Overkill Clutch
Couldn't believe my eyes. Even had trouble picking the shot
Thank You Based Gauss
Halo 5: Gaurdians at X Games Hype Montage
"Based on your feedback, we've more than doubled the amount of XP rewarded when playing Featured Playlists. Weekly update coming shortly!" - Bravo
I just won a FFA game and went down in rank.
Solo overshield melee beatdown
Face / Off (Forge Battle Arena)
VeNoMz - Arrival - a Halo 5 Montage - by Shifty
Anyone miss this song and wish it saw some appearance in Halo 5?
No incineration mary? Plz Fix ;)
New Infinity's Armory Update Information from 343
Not much of an OpTic fan, but people should give this a watch. He talks some sense.
Well, alright I guess.
[Forge] Ice Fields remake
If you can't beat 'em...you can always strike a sexy pose.
ONI Warthog... not as powerful as I remember.
Wrong place, wrong time
343 Please Read - Community Breakout is making AFKing noticeable now more than ever. Video shows how cheaters do it. Please fix this.
Nowhere is safe.
[Forge] Fimbulwinter, Valhalla remake
Lucky Stick (Bottom Screen)
All of the new things to Halo 5 Forge mode with the latest update
Not sure how I knew he was there (ninja)
How is this even possible
A Let's Play in Halo 5 Guardians Online! (leave a comment, let me know what you think)
Killed a guy on south garage with a grenade from monument, might be the farthest you can throw a nade
Frag Grenade + Active Camo
Forge playlist coming? Sumo, remakes &amp; new creations!
6 team Warzone! Lag nightmare!
[halo] My name is Sabrina! I want sex! HELP ME!!!
Got This Tweet From Tom French; Hopefully It Means Something
Tips and Tricks for Capturing the Fortress on Summit!
I had the pleasure of playing in one of the most laggy games of Warzone. How laggy? I showstoppered the guy assassinating me...
Game Winning Kills
(FORGE) Burial Mounds remake from Halo 2. Would love to have some help play testing! (GT and info in comments)
Maybe an explanation for the lack of gametypes.
Halo 5 Mini Montage
A very confusing reversal
How to steal a oni warthog with style
" pls, halp! "
What happened to the Halo twitch stream?
I moved out of my parents house a decade ago. I left a box with this in it.
Survey - Which Halo video game do you think is the strongest, and why?
500 retweets and Wonderboy will get a Harry Potter tattoo!
Little late, but I did it!
UK Halo World Championship Finals Live @ the Gfinity Arena start today!
Weekend Snipers is live!
New game modes like infection are being out prioritized by a pizza weapon skin.
New version of the Mark V Alpha
Game crashed while purchasing reqs
Warthog's dashcam
Can never find people to play custom games, so I'm hosting my own Halo 5 custom game lobby!
Updated Req Spreadsheet?
Achilles armor Spartan company
Halo 5 1v1 Practice
REQs not updated
I JUST LOST A LEGENDARY RP BOOST DUE TO MY GAME CRASHING, FFS
H5's Arena matchmaking system needs fixed
UNSC Air Vehicle Return [Confirmed] [Warning: Likely Underwhelming]
Elite Controller Woes (Halo 5)
Halo 5 region lock questions:
Red Vs. Blue is on TV
Forged maps do not work in Theater.
Brute and Forge Monitor emblems showing up in Gold Packs?
Classic Playlist with H2 BR.
Anyone else just get a random ban?
Think we will see anymore community playlists?
Dont upvote: Solo legendary achievement not popping?
Looking for a good/inspirational/badass Halo quote
Forge "Bank" for Custom Pieces?
Is it normal to get only bronze like items in the Daily Win Req packs packs?
Am I the only one that see's these "Free Updates" as a sham? There all a bunch of BS
Is there somewhere to share our maps i wish it was like before with an in game search.
Warzone Assault on Dispatch griefing?
