make subreddit
Why was my link marked "Not Appropriate Subreddit" it was on japantimes
Very new Here. My second day. I would like to make friends.
How do i get a profile pic
just submitted a question on askreddit but didn't see it got posted. why?
How do I remove all of my comments without deleting them one by one?
Could you just answer this inguiry form? :D
My ex husband [48/m] and I [45/f] were married for 20 years. Need men advice.
I have 3 herniated disks
can someone translate this to english ?
I need advice on what to do about an incessantly noisy neighbor. Which subreddit should I post in?
I'm looking for a specific subreddit about help for a PC
How do I add flairs on the mobile version?
Can I ask for an account to be deleted?
About getting banned
How to post a FILE, like a PDF, not a pic?
Subreddit or a site where I can talk to a person about my worries?
what does adding someone as a 'friend' do --
Is there a way to gild yourself or your own comment/post and have that count towards your "gildings given out" and trophy status?
Neighbor watching loud porn
how do i get ppl 2 subscribe?
None of my posts or comments showing up
Need your guys help!
How can I access R18 subreddits on alien blue?
How do I self-verify?
help! how do i make a subreddit of my own
Reddit won't load proper for me. Help.
Question about account deletion.
Subreddit specific content filter
Why do people indiscriminately mass downvote a person's entire history?
Please explain the Reddit definition of NSFW?
Posts won't show up in /r/StarWars?
Personal information removal, almost 2 weeks, no reply from reddit..
Link Karma displayed is off.
What does it mean "top of the week"?
Can't submit to /r/Minecraft
Reddit won't work on chrome
How do I undo the effect of my votes/comments made in No Participation mode?
Is there a way to save your spot in an extremely long thread?
The link karma by my name is negative but all of my linked posts have positive numbers
unable to create subreddit..Plz Help Me
Why do votes not count sometimes?
Controversial tab on the front page doesn't work when I'm signed in but it does when I'm not signed in.
Finding lowest karma
do your updated/edited comments go to someone or is it just the initial comment? or how does that work basically?
photos are not showing
Allow Me To Introduce My Friend, He's A Little . . .Different.
My post and comments are not showing....
I need help with a prank. All I need is for someone to text me. I will pay 25cents per text.
What is going on with Reddit search here?
What does the number next to your username mean? Example in post
Why are my private rss feeds not updating?
Why are the servers so busy?
how to create subreddit
How do I flair a post NSFW
Using Chrome on Android phone, when I click on reddit links from a Google search, it doesn't go to the thread, just the mobile front page
How do I block /r/me_irl from showing up on /r/all ?
I'm sure this has been asked, but how, EXACTLY, does Karma work? What's the difference between link and post karma, which one matters more, and what is a good karma to have?
Saying "Wrong Password"..Can't login!!
My brother needs help with mystery decease
Kansas City Chiefs vs New England Patriots Live L.i.v.e S.t.r.e.a.m L.e.a.g.u.e M.a.t.c.h O.n.l.i.n.e
what does it mean when the guy can't stay hard during sex?
24/7 CHEGG documents
Can't see my posts!
Cannot see comments in some subreddits.
Is there a way to get notified when a particular post received new comments?
How do I change my profile pic?
Sometimes when I click a link the site will say I broke reddit.
I found out tbat I'm not allowed to post in r/offmychest anymore and I don't know what the hell I did
All of my comments are invisible?
Reddit removing new lines all the time?
Cake day on IOS?
why cant i start a subreddit
Song title I can't remember.
Re:shadow banned
The fear of wasting my life and missing out
I have been a reddit member for 7 months but can't create a sub reddit?
This is not an IT Help Desk!
Profile, new comments, and posts not displaying? Shadowbanned?
In which reddit sub can I ask question like "in which sub can I find this kind of information" ?
Accidentally reported wrong post
Why are Inbox notifications in Reddit such a $@%&amp; struggle??
Subreddit creation.
If i purchase a reddit gold then i get also vyper vpn with my redit gold?
Tried transferring my subscriptions from my old account but the link doesn't work.
Log of all basic answers --
Verify email doesn't work!
PLEASE HELP VOTE!! i look to the powers of Reddit to help me!!
I just created my account, how long do I have to wait until I can create an subreddit?
Comment Points?
How do I 'subscribe' to a thread?
My votes disappear after I press the back arrow.
I need to found a thread!
How do you subscribe to a sub where there is no right-panel... no subscribe button?
What's the best sub to ask help for in hometraining schedulce?
How often are Reddit Gold Postcards reviewed?
How to stay up all night without feeling sick next day?
My friend could loose his fingers
Come Guadagnare Online con i Sondaggi
Got job offer...fibbed about education. Now what
Saving, up voting etc. won't work on desktop but will work on laptop?
RSS feeds of saved items is broken.
How do you copy a link into your post and then rename it to something you find more appropriate?
Post Likes?[Question]
I cant see my messages, and i need to know the username of the person i talked to
Is it legal to post same question twice in subs if if gets unnoticed or do you risk for being banned?
•How do I get upvotes in the fastest way possible?
Android help needed
Can I exchange rmb (Chinese money) to USD at chase bank?
Norton Support Phone Number: Presented For People Norton Customer Support For Security Software Product
J.Cole Forest Hills Drive Homecoming
How do I post and then read messages?
display precise comment times on old threads
Sorting by top for past week has results for 4-10 days ago?
reddit logins here is my problem
Help finding a post in /r/Gaming I commented on ages ago
Questions about up/downvoting and points
Submitted a comment without username mention, and later on edited that comment and added a username mention, will that person gets notification as usual?
Policy on commenting multiple times on one post?
Why can I only post 1 comment every 10 minutes?
Comment score not visible
Why can't I create a subreddit?
I need some help with animation
Why the Absolute power to some people? Talking about mods here
Messages not being delivered
subreddit question
i want to create my own sub-reddit
Can someone send me 40 cents plese on paypal
How can I make it so every post made to a specific subreddit makes it on my front page
Why do I only have 1 link Karma? I should have a lot more :(
Header is not showing up for me.
Searching my Messages and Comment Replies
Could I post unlimited comments if I get reddit Gold?
It says my post is removed because it was only an intro
My submissions are not showing in the "New" tab.
Please, help me find this song!
Physically threatened by a co-worker - HR blew me off. Need help.
why m not able to make a subreddit?
Can someone edit my essay?
should i delete so called friends i know in real life who never reply?
Some guy wants to fight me.
A homless veteran, living my house. I need help
Subreddit Karma?
how many subreddits can one user create?
Missing submissions under user's history
How do I make a setting so that when I view my messages in the
how see all your submissions by subrediitt?
https://www.reddit.com/user/rashelrb100/
How to see top posts of all time, week, month, etc on reddit mobile?
I need HELP now.
How do I lock posts?
Is there a way to get multireddits to act more like frontage subscriptions?
your account is too new to create a subreddit
for some reason my votes dont count
Not sure if a help or modhelp question. Is there a way to find the person who posted the most in a sub, or who commented the most?
Is this where I ask questions on how to modify the coding when modding my own subreddit?
Are account-wide domain-based link exclusions possible?
What happens to my profile when someone downvote my comments, or posts? And, What is reddit gold + How does it work?
Why Do Some Reddit Thumbnails Spin?
Got left 4 euros on paysafecard.
aksjdaljwijdad
Effective Facebook Group Posting Service Now at Fiverr:
Tried Creating a Subreddit
I'm a new Redditor and this is my first post!
How to create a reddit username in box ?
ELI5: Why does the score on one of my recent posts hover within a +- 7-10 range?
I am restricted by time despite timezone one just one SR.
How to remove/disable/block receiving messages on reddit
Gigantic comment box in certain subreddits pushes all comments offscreen
"You are doing that too much" has returned after several months on low usage...
What do the "hidden" and "saved" tabs in your Reddit user profile mean?
Thumbnail not showing. og:image set.
How can I make a reddit?
i want to search my deleted post in reddit
Unable to search reddit due to unsafe script issue when using Chrome; How do I rectify this?
How do I see my top comment(s)?
Text isnt going bold or italic'ing properly?
Where can I learn "how to use the Internet"?
REDDIT GOLD PARNTERS
Confused about why my post was removed.
My account is stuck at new, any help?
Can someone explain Reddit to me?
My posting At BM subreddit doesn't appear at the front page of the sub
Am I Shadowbanned
I HAVE VIRUS HOW TO DO M8?
Why am I unable to post anything?
Why whenever I click "Create a new subreddit" it tells me that "your account is too new to create a subreddit"? Please help me
Why can I only do one comment every 10 minutes?
Is it possible to disable downvoting?
Why wont it let me make a subreddit?
Being brought back to the top
"Log out of all other sessions" does not work :(
I'm a little drunk, help me figure out if my boyfriend is cheating on me?
Can I disable user posting, but allow users to comment?
Help remove stain off jacket
FPS DROPS ____
How to create subreddit plz?
RSS feed of a subreddit that includes only posts with X upvotes or more
Reddit opend in the middle of page 1; need help to fix
How do you put a spoiler tag?
help with my subreddit posting
I don't see thumbnails on my reddit account, I though it was a chrome issue, but it happens on my reddit is fun app as well.
I can't post or comment in r/soccer, but I can everywhere else?!
how does one cope with a death
Blue Screen Of Death
How do I add a link from an article to a text post without changing the post to a link?
"an error occurred (status: 0)" when trying to submit comments
My mother kicked me out for taking her pills and I didn't
Wifi turns off at 9???
Posts/comments not appearing - even in subreddit I moderate
Grief report and bans
What is the red cross for behind some posts?
Is there any guides on creating a subreddit?
/r/pics not on front page even though I am subscribed?
User making new accounts to abuse forum
Why can I only post new submissions (not comments) every 10 minutes?
i.reddit.com only works when not logged in
Ill get straight to the point
Link karma not counting
My ad got rejected. Can you explain the following?
REDDIT NEEDS A CONCISE GUIDE ALREADY WOW --&gt;
Post Not Showing
Problem with downvotebots
I'm struggling to complete annual self-appraisal/review at work. Can someone here work with me to complete it, please?
There's a removed thread in worldnews but comment keep on coming, how is it possible?
Why is my post not showing on search?
Issue with custom stylesheets and spoiler tags/inline images.
How to get pic to show up next to post instead of having to click to see???
Where is the collapse button to see only parent comments?
[question] Reddits 8 minute cooldown!!??
Posts not showing up
Complex of a early twenties chick life... Oh how dreadful.
Re: question mark and camera appears about few hours of posting in r/aww
Please help Ben, a Boy in Need.
Why Cant I create a subreddit?
I sold an item and now the buyer wants a refund
(test) Help my PC
I NEED YOUR HELP! it will only take you less than 20 seconds!
Asking a question about linguistics
Is there any way to view the oldest posts on a sub first?
Canot login to verified accounts "Wrong Password"
What's the fastest way to get personal information removed from reddit?
Mods aren't responding to modmail
"Trending Subreddits" disappear whenever I log on a browser. How do I get it back?
Linking to the bottom sticky post for a subreddit
Is there any way to view "top" comments across all of Reddit? Like reddit.com/comments but with sorting options?
difference between 'delete' and 'hide' of posts and comments? this basic info isnt anywhere.............
The system wont let me type in the title box of askReddit. Why?
(test) Help my PC
How has this user hidden comments on their userpage?
how to upvote and downvote on reddit?
Is it legal to dumpster dive in Tucson AZ???
HELP MY DON'T STARVE TOGETHER IS NOT ALLOWING ME TO USE MODS !!!
How do you link to a comment and still show the parent comment?
Making subreddits
Reddit loading really slowly/not loading at all the past few days
How can I delete a title, not a text after I post?
Any way to automatically sort by controversial?
set your email via reddit.com website preferences
Re: Post not showing up
Question about easier way to read comments
My posts wont show up on the new page
Can I see the formatting of another user's post/comment?
How do you search Reddit to see if a link has already been submitted? When I do a "search" for a URL, it gets changed into a submission. I'm interesting in finding existing discussions, not submitting what is probably a duplicate.
Going to finish college soon(4months), want to move out west(AZ,CA,CO) after graduation
First timer here
Why can't I create a subreddit?
I need to create a subreddit, but they said My account is new, what can i do?
Help finding Flashlight Holder
School experiment work (HELP)
Need help on what to do
What is that THING behind the "2" of two-year members?
Table/Column width help
How can I see who moderates a private subreddit?
Got a message on Sync but when I checked online, it's not there
Flair not updating
Are my posts that are over 7 months old gone or unsearchable?
How do I upload a picture to my text message or create one for my avatar
'Try that again in 9 minutes'
How can I hide or block subs showing up on /r/all? I don't want to see any more LoL or Hillary / Sanders drama.
how does this work?
My Brother in Law and his wife needs a JOB in L.A.
Help me get over a girl. All you have to do is text me. I'll pay $10 a day through pay pal
The honest truth of a Plain Jane, by a Simple John
What is the difference in value between link karma and comment karma?
PLEASE HELP ME HOW TO POST A CODE IN THE POST
My posts gets removed after a while
Is there a way to have reddit auto reload and update or are we stuck Reloading it every couple minutes?
to new to reddit to create subreddit
User for 2 years having "new user" trophy?
Accessing multi on mobile?
Disabled inbox replies on a thread but still getting replies in my inbox for that thread. Now what?
Can't create subreddit
Issues with upvoting and downvoting
This happens http://imgur.com/uA7Jy1v what do? Can't post replies.
Contact lense question
HELP!!! Star wars anakin alternate storyline.
Guys,i need you help.
How do I block a subreddit from appearing on my front page?
Some questions I have about posting
Missing comment?
I can't find a post I saw earlier.
My post is showing up white/highlighted.. help?
What to do about mods/admins?
How to create a subreddit for new account?
Please help me with my surgery
All of my downvotes are being reversed/ignored?
Show text contents in the main window?
How to Get Email Notifications?
My first post doesnt show
Submitted a comment on a post, and then I edited my comment. Will that person get notification of my original comment or edited comment?
Is This Potential Privacy Issue Intended/Known?
I want to grab some contents
Why is there not a comment link for me to post a comment on some subreddits such as /r/morbidreality for me?
Why is the comment score hidden sometimes?
Is there any way to obtain a username from a dead account that hasn't posted in years?
how do i update a post i made on reddit?
I forgot my password. I don't have an e-mail linked. But I am logged in.
why my post not showing?
More of a grammar question, are phrases like "Clean house" and "Drive truck" grammatically acceptable?
Is it permitted for a sub to charge a membership fee?
Account deleting glitch?
Why can't I deleted PM's?
Reddit got big this morning ... ??!!?!?! (Yes, zoom is set to 100%. Only the front page is affected)
Multireddits have disappeared
How can I save full posts with full threads? My saved page only saves up to a certain amount.
What is the cross symbol I see next to comment scores?
Is there a way to make a subreddit not appear on the front page? I mean at all, not even the All or Front.
How old does your account have to be/what do you have to do in order to make a subreddit?
Doesnt like Breadsticks?
Is the Karma...
Can't view recent submission
How do I make the menu better organized?
Required karma to make a subreddit?
Posting and waiting
Clocking 3 hours waiting for my 1st image submission to load from imgur to reddit.
The system says I have three unread messages but when I look in my inbox I only have two.
I made a separate account and posted a couple of messages on a small subreddit. When logged in with the new account I don't see those posts, but I see them with my current account.
Other people cannot see my posts or comments
How Much activity is required to create a subreddit
Is it legal to use reddit comments on another webpage without linking the commenters name?
Reddit not loading
Eager to know number of times threads in Reddit has been red.
How do mods determine the best comment/link and most inciteful comment/link of the day?
Problem while trying to make a subreddit
The posting limit?
Way to view a subreddit or a multisub and exclude certain terms in the titles?
Free IP Giveaway
Need help with PSA vote!
new Steelseries siberia V3 (mic not working) fuck steelseries!!
Is there a helping hand out there?
I am not able to login, reddit says 'wrong password', create new accounts.
Why is my link karma still showing 1?
Can't make a sub?
Do dubs (video/audio splices) count as "original content" in that one sub?
Sort only Self posts and not links
Reddit mechanics query: on subreddits that have the downvote button disabled, how can some posts have zero or negative votes?
Quicken Customer Support Number 1-800-406-3148
Urgent help needed about school issue.
Can they shadowban your IP?
What does "undercover hot" mean?
Reddit hiding my new submissions. I checked "/r/new", imgur view counts and Reddit search.
Creating a sub-reddit requirements
How can I found out the username of my throwaway account?
I think I have a downvoting stalker. I'd there anything I can do about it?
Why did my post disappeared from the subreddit?
Can't login to accounts "Wrong Password"
What does the daily reddit gold goal do?
Viewing all comments of a user - bitcointip
Is there any website or way to see how many active subscribers or visitors a subreddit has? (active like in people who actually login once per week at least)
What do I need to know before using a kiln?
Thumbnail not showing. Problem with CloudFlare/SSL?
Help me please
Any Help would be very grateful &lt;3
Recovering rager
Tumblr - queing and tags
problem posting/ commenting
Why is formatting in reddit so weird?
What no. of mod messages qualify as harassment? How to know if a sub's mods have decided to approve every submission before it show s in the new queue?
Has anyone ever been screwed over by GROUPON?
Please Help Me :(
Don't really understand how reddit's comment system works
Making a Subreddit
URL completion for reddit.com/r/
How can I find a list of the /least/ used subreddits?
My comment was gilded but it shows no gold icon?
I can't submit a discussion about the genuine future of humanity without a text post - but discussion BELONG in /r/Askreddit. But they don't accept them.
Help with Database in Access
Need a lot of help please guys
I need someone's help, I need to post on photoshop request but I don't have 10 comment karma please help.
Did my card send?
Make money with Flashx
I'm not login to my account? PLS HELP
How can I get a subreddit deleted?
How do I upload image links?
My Reddit account may have been "hacked"?
Can an account be marked as a spam-account across reddit?
Why do posts you "hide", not stay hidden?
My bot's comments don't appear in the thread.
To what extent can we delete our comment and post history?
Why my post on /r/videos are not showing?
Cheating 'Pro GFX Artist' On YouTube ** BEWARE ALL SMALL GFX ARTISTS **
Comment OP on this Subreddit
No but seriously guys
How come i cant post things?
"an error occurred (status: 0)" when trying to submit comments
Is there any way to view top level comments only?
Abandoned gone wild subreddit isn't marked NSFW?
How Can I Delete My Search History On Reddit?
Private Message
how to set my submitted profile in public?
Help out a good friend of mine. http://widget.clips4sale.com/mobile/store/70990
PLEASE HELP! NO PHONE. NEED 911!!!
Gif/imgur problems
Hi, a question about nsfw
How can I see newest comments first in a thread?
When I mess up and forget to tag a post with a required tag (e.g: r/ELI5) and it gets removed, is there an easy way to immediately repost without having to wait 8-10 minutes?
Phone case making it difficult to press side buttons
I study and yet I'm still stupid
Cannabis and dreams
[Serious] I seen something I didn't want to. I reported the content and I want to know if there's any thing else I can do to be helpful?
Does submitting multiple links from same imgur account count as self promotion. Can I get banned for doing so?
I'm not sure if this is the right place, but I have a mailing question
Help! Can somebody change my .TST into a .PDF?
What is the best way to get rid of the neighborhood bully cat?
My kitty needs help.
What is the naming structure for users and subreddits (i.e. /u and /r)?
I don't really understand why reddit keeps picking the wrong thumbnail to my video links
Need some help adding a large table to a subreddit's wiki...
Is there a way to collapse all responses to responses?
10% box appearing next to my r/videos post, not showing up in the feed?
Can't clean reinstall
Help my computer
Minecraft sevrer help
Password not working - reset not working
Reddit Mobile won't keep me signed in
What happened to my list??
Text boxes wont open. pictures and videos do.
How do I report Virus Spammers?
How do I view spoilers like this example?
Cannot post. Banned for being unkosher? Time to exterminate them
NEI mod crafting
First day and I need help!
I can't understand something.. Need HELP
My best friends family blames me for his suicide.
Is anybody else's comment button gone?
Are admins allowed to get a stolen account back by comparing IP addresses?
restriction on creating a subreddit
How do I see if people reply to my comments?
How can i make subreddits to follow me?
Source of downvotes on a deleted post?
I'm [45/f] curvy and attractive
How do I do taxes?
[Serious] Please answer this :D
I made a gofundme page to help out people who are in need. Where can I post this to get more the most people to help out?
Help with my TV and Reciever
Anyone used ticket2football.com before?
I think my account got stolen. Can't log in and it posted something new afterwards
Finding new subreddits
Want to create a subreddit, how many time do I have to wait for it?
Is there any way to tell if another user has blocked me?
I need help getting an old fridge cooling again
How do I not get downvotes?
Effective Money Making Training
Front page not loading?
No Posts for New Users?
How can I create a subreddit?
Can gilding's be rescinded?
Is Reddit mobile down?
My First Status in reddit
Is there anyone else who thinks they are insane?
Advice military knee injury
Can't see my page
How to Create Subreddit ???
Posting a link
ip ban? for what?
i need some help
Not seeing my post
do comments automatically generate karma?
making my first post
Posts Say [Removed]
Post pics not working
Can't create a sub reddit with a 2 month old account.
Can someone help me find this submission?
lol wait there is a reddit where all posts are read?
Please help, my account was stolen!
Can I have reddit email me when a specific term or tag is used/mentioned?
difference between hide &amp; delete???
Help with Reddit (test)
Signed in on phone, but forgot password?
Reddit page loading error
No downvote in certain subreddits?
Where do I post a 30 day challenge
Mobile images appearing oversized
how long does it take/what requirements needed to make a subreddit?
Fulfill Your Computer Through Working Antivirus With Avast Customer Support
What's the best sub to ask help for in home workout program/schedulce?
Strange IP's on my recent activity, what to do?
Outbound links shadow ban
How do I hide the Reddit live banner?
Posts won't show up
Can you sort subreddits by top and by year?
Is top / show links from past hour working for anyone?
View top links from a previous week?
When somebody gives you gold can everybody see it? How do you know if somebody gave you gold? Is gold even real, or is it just a joke that I never got?
Imagine I have 2000 saved links, which is wholly possible, how can I best navigate them? It seems the only way is to click saved links, then click next page 80 times to get to first page, or x times to get to pages 20,60,120 ie forever. How about with a third party reddit app/website etc?
How do I make an update on my post?
Thinking about dropping out of school because of my social anxiety
Fund me dammit https://www.gofundme.com/yssb5s
How to merge save data between 3Ds cards.
iPhone 5 stuck on Lock Screen (Jailbroken iOS 9.0.2)
What's the best free proxy/VPN to get rid of Reddit's IP ban?
